Joseph ben Hayyim Jabez (also "Yaavetz") (15th century-16th century) was a Spanish-Jewish theologian. He lived for a time in Portugal, where he associated with Joseph Hayyun, who inspired him with that taste for mysticism which he subsequently displayed in his writings. When the Jews were banished from Spain Jabez settled at Mantua, Italy. There he met his compatriot, the kabbalist Judah Hayyat, whom he induced to write the commentary Minḥat Yehudah on the kabbalistic work Ma'areket Elahut.
Jabez was an opponent of philosophy. For him the truth of the Jewish religion is demonstrated by the miracles recorded in the Bible. He criticizes the thirteen articles of faith of Maimonides, the six of Hasdai Crescas, and the three of Albo. According to him, only the following three, alluded to in the verse "I am that I am" (Ex. iii. 14), are the fundamental principles of Judaism:
That God is one
That He governs the world
That in the end all mankind will believe in His unity
These dogmas are expounded by him in the following books:
Ḥasde Adonai (Constantinople, 1533), an ethical work wherein the author demonstrates that the wise man is more grateful to God for his misfortunes than for worldly advantages
Ma'amar ha-Aḥdut (Ferrara, 1554), on the unity of God
Perush 'al Masseket Abot (ib. 1555), on the sayings of the Fathers, mentioned by the author of Yesod ha-Emunah
Or ha-Ḥayyim (ib. 1555), against philosophy
A commentary on the Psalms (Salonica, 1571)
Jabez left also a great number of manuscript works, which, according to Ghirondi, are still (as of 1906) in the possession of the author's descendants.
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
David Conforte, Ḳore ha-Dorot, p. 30a;
Azulai, Shem ha-Gedolim, ii. 4;
Graziadio Nepi-Mordecai Ghirondi, Toledot Gedole Yisrael, p. 158;
Adolf Jellinek, in the Orient, Lit. vii. 262;
Moritz Steinschneider, Cat. Bodl. col. 1474;
Hermann Vogelstein and Paul Rieger, Geschichte der Juden in Rom, ii. 66.
Spanish Jews
15th-century births
16th-century deaths
16th-century Sephardi Jews
Kabbalists
Philosophers of Judaism
Jews expelled from Spain in 1492
William Tasker (1740–1800) was an English clergyman, scholar and poet. He made translations of works of Pindar and Horace. His own poems celebrated the "genius of Britain", which to him was both artistic and military. He was also interested in science, including physiognomy.
Life
William Tasker was born in 1740 at Iddesleigh, Devon. He was the only son of William Tasker (1708–1772) and Jane Vickries (died 1795). His father was rector of Iddesleigh, Devonshire, from 6 July 1738.
He was educated at Barnstaple, then attended Exeter College, Oxford, matriculating on 20 February 1758. He remained there as sojourner and obtained a B.A. on 2 February 1762. On 24 June 1764 he was ordained deacon, and next day was made curate of Monk-Okehampton, near Iddesleigh. He was ordained a priest on 12 July 1767.
Tasker became rector of Iddesleigh on 6 November 1772, after his father died.
Tasker was a friend of Dr. William Hunter, attended his lectures, and studied botany in the gardens at Kew.
James Boswell describes a meeting between Tasker and Samuel Johnson on 16 March 1779, where Tasker asked for Johnson's opinion of his poems.
Boswell wrote, "The bard was a lank, bony figure, with short black hair; he was writhing himself in agitation while Johnson read, and, showing his teeth in a grin of earnestness, exclaimed in broken sentences and in a keen, sharp tone, 'Is that poetry, sir—is it Pindar?.
Isaac D'Israeli later said this description was true.
Tasker was an admirer of the poetess Mary Robinson (1757–1800), whom he praised as the "Sweet Sappho of our Isle."
Tasker was careless with his finances.
The revenues of his benefice were placed under sequestration on 23 March 1780.
He said that his "unletter'd brother-in-law" had obtained the sequestration in an "illegal mode" through "merciless and severe persecutions and litigations".
His brother in law had died by 1790.
Writing to Gough Nichols, editor of the Gentleman's Magazine in 1797, Tasker said he was "confined in my dreary situation at Starvation-Hall, 40 miles below Exeter, out of the verge of Literature & where even your extensive magazine has never yet reached."
William Tasker died after a long and painful illness at Iddesleigh rectory on 4 February 1800.
At the time of his death he was working on a history of physiognomy from Aristotle to Lavater.
He was buried near the chancel of the Church of St James, Iddesleigh. Atablet was erected on the north wall of the church tower.
His widow, Eleonora, died at Exbourne on 2 January 1801, aged 56, and was buried in the same grave with her husband. They had no children.
Work and reception
Tasker thought the results of the Seven Years' War (1754–63) had only been the growth of corruption and luxury at home.
He wrote several poems on the Anglo-French War (1778–83) in which he represented the Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of the Admiralty, as being at the centre of a selfish and corrupt network.
Tasker saw the action by Admiral Augustus Keppel at the Battle of Ushant as a great victory, which he celebrated in his poem Nereus's Prophecy: A Sea-Piece Sketched off Ushant (1779).
The cover of this poem has a cartoon in which Sandwich and Hugh Palliser are showing hanging from a gallows, laden with emblems that show they are guilty, while a seated courtesan weeps over their fate.
In A congratulatory Ode to Admiral Keppel (1779) he wrote of Keppel, whom he saw as representing the interests of the honest trading community in England,
In his Elegy on the Death of David Garrick (1779) Tasker celebrates the artistic genius of Garrick, Shakespeare and Reynolds, and implicitly links it to the warlike genius of the nation.
In his Ode to the Warlike Genius of Great Britain (1780) he urged Britain to wake up and defeat the aggressors.
The ‘Ode to the Warlike Genius' was dedicated to Lord Amherst.
Some new stanzas were spoken before the king at Weymouth.
The Gentleman's Magazine said the poem was "well-calculated to rouse the martial spirit of the nation".
He complemented the Duchess of Devonshire in the poem for wearing riding dress at the Cox-heath military camp, calling her the "Genius of Britain".
The Gentleman's magazine called Tasker's play Arviragus, a Tragedy (1796), written during the French Revolution, a "bold attempt towards a national drama", and pointed out the contemporary relevance,
The Gentleman's Magazine quoted The War-Song of Clewillin, The British Bard in March 1797.
The poem called on the soldiers to "Rush on the foe without dismay, | Like roaring lions on their prey."
In the years that followed the magazine would praise Tasker's work as "so well calculated to animate loyal Britons against invaders, and to inspire the necessary unanimity and concord ... exceedingly well adapted to the present times; since it breathes a three-fold spirit of Poetry, Loyalty, and Patriotism."
the Gentleman's Magazine serialised the 1780 Ode to the Warlike Genius of Great Britain over nine editions from December 1798 to August 1799.
In the poem, Tasker says the role of the divinely inspired bards is to "Inspire the sons of Mars in dreams, | And fire their souls in warlike themes."
Publications
Tasker's published works included:
. 2nd edition 1779, 3rd edition with other poems, 1779. Anonymous.
The most important of the other poems was An Ode to Curiosity: a Bath-Easton Amusement (2nd edition 1779), which had been previously published as "by Impartialist."
. Anonymous
. Anonymous
. 2nd edition, with additions, 1779. Anonymous
. Reproduced in the bishop's works (1781 edition), volume i. pp. cxxxi–iv.
. 2nd edition in 3 volumes. 1790–3
Most of Tasker's published poems were reproduced in this edition, which also included letters on the anatomy of Homer.
. 2nd edition 1798
. Twice performed in March 1797 at the Exeter Theatre.
Notes
Sources
1740 births
1800 deaths
English male poets
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
18th-century English Anglican priests
People from Mid Devon District
Clergy from Devon
The Eddy Duchin Story is a 1956 Technicolor film biopic of band leader and pianist Eddy Duchin. It was directed by George Sidney, written by Samuel A. Taylor, and starred Tyrone Power and Kim Novak. Harry Stradling received an Academy Award nomination for his cinematography in the CinemaScope film. The film received four nominations in total and was one of the highest-grossing films of 1956. Incorporating signature elements of Duchin's style into his own original style, Carmen Cavallaro performed the piano music for the film.
Some of the film's box office success can be attributed to the appearance of Novak in ads for No-Cal diet soda. Novak became one of the first celebrities to be featured in advertisements for soft drinks, and each ad also featured a reminder to see Novak in The Eddy Duchin Story.
Musician Peter Duchin, whose relationship with his father is a major subject of the film, has written very negatively about the script, saying there was too much unnecessary fictionalization of his parents' lives and deaths.
Plot
Fresh out of pharmacy school, young Eddy Duchin travels to New York in the 1920s to take a job playing piano for bandleader Leo Reisman's orchestra. But upon arrival, Eddy learns there is no such job.
A wealthy socialite, Marjorie Oelrichs, overhears his playing and takes a personal interest in Eddy. When he is invited to the home of her wealthy aunt and uncle, the Wadsworths, for a party, Eddy is disappointed to discover that he has been asked there merely to entertain.
Having fallen in love, Marjorie goes so far as to propose marriage to Eddy rather than the other way around. She has secret fears that she expresses on their wedding night, and tragedy strikes when Marjorie dies giving birth to their child.
An anguished Eddy abandons his baby boy, Peter, leaving him in the Wadsworths' care, and goes away from New York for many years. He serves on a warship in the war. Finally persuaded to visit his son, he meets Peter's governess, a British woman named Chiquita, who grows on him after an uneasy start. Peter is learning to play the piano.
Eddy has an engagement at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel, but his hand freezes while at the keyboard. He eventually is diagnosed with a fatal illness and has no more than a year to live. After he marries Chiquita, he can't bring himself to tell Peter about his illness, so he simply says that soon he'll be "going away." Peter ultimately learns the truth.
Cast
Tyrone Power as Eddy Duchin
Kim Novak as Marjorie Oelrichs
Victoria Shaw as Chiquita Wynn
James Whitmore as Lou Sherwood
Larry Keating as Leo Reisman
Soundtrack recordings
In 1956 and 1957 respectively, two musical "soundtrack" recordings, that is, studio recordings of songs from the film, were issued. Twelve of the film's songs were released in The Sound Track Album, The Eddy Duchin Story, with Carmen Cavallaro at the piano. This recording was issued by Decca in 1956 (mono) as DL 8289 and reissued in stereo in 1965 as Decca DL 78289 (which was also issued in Mexico and Canada). In 1957, Capitol Records issued an LP album entitled, Selections from The Eddy Duchin Story (Capitol T-716), featuring nine of the original album's twelve soundtracks. Accompanied by the Harry Geller Orchestra, pianists George Greeley and Harry Sukman performed the selections. Somewhat ironically, both pianists imitated (usually quite closely and rather ably) Cavallaro's beloved interpretations of the songs rather than Duchin's. Given the extraordinary commercial success of the original soundtrack, it is no wonder.
Other soundtrack recordings
There was a musical tribute soundtrack, played by Al Lerner, A Tribute to Eddy Duchin. Released by Tops Records in 1957, this release featured the following tunes:
"Manhattan"
"Nocturne in E Flat"
"Starlight Concerto"
"Gee, Baby, I Ain't Either Good to You"
"Shine"
"Night Dreams"
"My Heart Belongs to Daddy"
"It Must Be True"
"I Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby"
"Bésame Mucho"
"Love Walked In"
"Whispering"
(A special detail from the vinyl record of this tribute is that it is not black, but is made of yellow translucent material, with some brown figures in veneer)
Awards
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards.
Cinematography (Color) - Harry Stradling
Music (Scoring of a Musical Picture) - Morris Stoloff, George Duning
Sound Recording - Columbia Studios Sound Department -John P. Livadary
Writing (Motion Picture Story) - Leo Katcher
See also
List of American films of 1956
References
Further reading
External links
1956 films
1950s biographical drama films
American biographical drama films
Biographical films about musicians
Columbia Pictures films
Films about pianos and pianists
Films directed by George Sidney
Films scored by George Duning
Films scored by Morris Stoloff
Films with screenplays by Samuel A. Taylor
Cultural depictions of jazz musicians
Cultural depictions of American men
1956 drama films
CinemaScope films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Dobromyśl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 83.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Katie Heaney is a former BuzzFeed editor, senior writer for The Cut, and author. Her books include Never Have I Ever, Dear Emma, Would You Rather?, Girl Crushed, and The Year I Stopped Trying.
Career
Heaney's first book, written while she was working as an editor at BuzzFeed, was Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date, published in 2014. The memoir chronicles her life up til age 25 and recounts how she had not, before that point, had a boyfriend. In 2016, Heaney's modernization of Jane Austen's Emma was published. In 2018, Heaney published a second memoir, Would You Rather?: A Memoir of Growing Up and Coming Out. Would You Rather? deals with Heaney's path to coming out and realizing her sexuality. Her first YA novel, Girl Crushed, was published in 2020. Her second YA novel, The Year I Stopped Trying, was published in 2021.
Personal life
Heaney was born and raised in St. Paul and Shoreview, Minnesota. She came out as gay at age 28 in 2015. As of 2018, Heaney is married to Lydia. She now lives in New York.
Works
Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date (2014)
Dear Emma (2016)
Public Relations (2017 – with Arianna Rebolini)
Would You Rather?: A Memoir of Growing Up and Coming Out (2018)
Girl Crushed (2020)
The Year I Stopped Trying (2021)
References
External links
katieheaney.com
LGBT memoirists
BuzzFeed people
Writers from Minnesota
American LGBT novelists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American memoirists
American young adult novelists
The Kenya women's national football team represents Kenya in women's football and is controlled by the Football Kenya Federation.
History
The first women's league in Kenya and national team were created in 1985 at a time when almost no country in the world had a women's national football team. The national team is nicknamed the Harambee Starlets and national team players are not full-time professional players. They need to have other employment.
In 1993, Kenya Women's Football Federation was created and organised a national team that represented the country several times in international tournaments between its founding and 1996. In 1996, the Kenya Women's Football Federation folded under pressure from FIFA and women's football was subsumed by the Kenya Football Federation, with women being represented in the organisation as a subcommittee. Kenya Football Federation took over the management of the women's national team.
In a 22 September 1998 game in Nairobi, Kenya beat South Africa 1-0. In a match in the same city two days later, they lost to South Africa 1–2. In 2002, the national team played a game. The team played in qualifying matches for Olympics in 2003. In 2004, the team played 2 games.
The team played in qualifying matches for the African Cup of Nations in 2006. In 2006, the team played 3 games. In 2006, the national team had 3 training sessions a week. Djibouti women's national football team played Kenya in Nairobi on 26 March 2006, with Kenya winning 7–0, holding a lead of 4–0 at the half. On 22 July 2006, Kenya played Cameroon women's national football team in Yaounde. Cameroon was up 2–0 at the half and went on to win the game 4–0. On 5 August 2006, Kenya played Cameroon in Nairobi. Cameroon was ahead 3–0 at the half and went on to win the game 5–0. In the 2007 African Games qualifying tournament, Kenya beat Tanzania 2–1. In 2010, the country had a team at the African Women's Championships during the preliminary round but withdrew and ultimately did not compete.
In 2011, Grace Sayo was the team captain. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. The country was supposed to participate in qualifiers for the 2011 All Africa Games but the national federation withdrew the team after ten of the team's players had already traveled from the countryside to the capital for a training camp in preparation for an opening match against Tanzania. Women's football administrators in the country asked the government to investigate why the national football federation withdrew from the competition, while still having money available to send the men's national team around the continent for competitions. If they had played the match, it would have been their first international match since 2006 when they beat Djibouti. In the 2012 Africa Women's Seniors Championships, the team withdrew from the competition prior to the first round qualifier.
In March 2012, the team was ranked the 135th best in the world and the 31st best in the CAF. Kenya's average FIFA world rank is 120. In 2011, they were ranked 136. In 2010, they were ranked 128. In 2009, they were ranked 92. In 2008, they were ranked 117. In 2007, they were ranked 144. In 2006, they were ranked 135. Their best move in world rankings was an increase of 24 in June 2007. Their worst move down world rankings was a loss of 27 in December 2007.
In May 2017, the Football Kenya Federation signed a 3-year partnership with kits manufacturer Mafro Sports to providing the kits for all national teams, as well as junior categories. The national team will use red jerseys for home matches, white jerseys for away matches, and green jerseys for matches played on neutral venues.
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future, success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
Women's football gained popularity in the country during the 1990s. In 1993, this popularity led to the creation of the female run Kenya Women's Football Federation, who organised a national team that represented the country several times in international tournaments between its founding and 1996. In 1996, the Kenya Women's Football Federation folded under pressure from FIFA and women's football was subsumed by the Kenya Football Federation, with women being represented in the organisation as a subcommittee. Football is the fourth most popular sport for women in the country, trailing behind volley, basketball and field hockey. In 1999, a woman referee from Kenya officiated a match between the Nigerian and South African women's teams in Johannesburg and was treated poorly by fans when she failed to call an offside. The game was delayed because of the ensuring violence, which included bricks being tossed at her. In 2006, there were 7,776 registered female football players of which 5,418 were registered, under-18 youth players and 2,358 were registered adult players. This followed a pattern of increased registration of female football players in the country with 4,915 total registered players in 2000, 5,000 in 2001, 5,500 in 2002, 6,000 in 2003, 6,700 in 2004 and 7,100 in 2005. In 2006, there were 710 total football teams in the country, with 690 being mixed gendered teams and 20 being women only. In 2006, there were over 3,000 girls playing in seven different leagues around the country. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting.
Kenya Football Federation was created and joined FIFA in 1960. Their kit includes red, green and white shirts, black shorts and black socks. The federation does not have a full-time dedicated employee working on women's football. Women's football is represented on the federation by specific constitutional mandate. FIFA suspended Kenya from all football activities for three months in 2004, due to the interference of the government in football activities. The ban was reversed after the country agreed to create new statutes. On October 25, 2006, Kenya was suspended again from international football for failing to fulfill a January 2006 agreement made to resolve recurrent problems in their football federation. FIFA announced that the suspension would be in force until the federation complies with the agreements previously reached. Rachel Kamweru is the Kenyan women football national chairperson. COSAFA and FIFA reaffirmed a commitment to women's football in the East African countries of Kenya, Ethiopia, Uganda and Tanzania in 2010.
Team image
Nicknames
The Kenya women's national football team has been known or nicknamed as the "Harambee Starlets".
Home stadium
Kenya plays their home matches on the Moi International Sports Centre.
National youth teams
Under-20
In 2006, the under-19 national team had 2 training sessions a week. The country participated in the African Women U-20 Championship 2006. They were supposed to play the Republic of Congo in Round 1 but the Republic of Congo withdrew from the competition. In the second round, they played Nigeria in Nigeria, losing 0–8. At home in the return match, they lost 1–2. The under-20 national team competed in the 2010/2011 FIFA U-20 CAF Women's World Cup qualifying competition. They did not advance to the U20 Women's World Cup. In the preliminary round, they tied Lesotho 2–2 in a home match for Lesotho. In the home leg, they beat Lesotho 2–0. In the first round qualifiers, they lost to Zambia 2–1 in a home game for Zambia. They beat Zambia 4–0 in the home leg. In the qualifiers, they lost to Tunisia at home 1–2 in the second round. In 2012, the Zambian side was coached by Martha Kapombo. In the African qualification tournament for the U20 World Cup, Zambia lost to Kenya by an aggregate of 5–2 from the two matches, one home and away for both teams. Zambia lost the second match at Nyayo National Stadium in Nairobi by a score of 0–4. In a mid-February game, they had beaten Kenya 2–1 at Sunset Stadium in Lusaka. Kapombo said of the second game, "We were not prepared to lose to Kenya; actually we knew that we were going to beat them by four goals like they did to us. They changed most of the players who we played with in Zambia and that made it very hard for us in the midfield which failed to click." The Kenyan coach Florence Adhiambo said of the game ""We have come very far, we've been training hard and now we've seen what good training can do. We have worked hard to be here and the fans really played a very important role into this victory." The leg winner was scheduled to play Tunisia in the second round. The Kenyans played Tunisian on 31 March 2012 at the Nyayo National Stadium in Tunisia. In the lead up to the game, the team had a three-week training camp. They were coached by Florence Adhiambo in the game. Ksh.700, 000 was given to the team by the Kenyan Prime Minister to support their World Cup aspirations. Additional funding came from UNICEF, Procter and Gamble, and Coca-Cola.
Under-17
In 2006, the U-17 national team had 2 training sessions a week. They competed in the African Women U-17 Qualifying Tournament 2010. Botswana beat them in the opening round in a walkover win after Kenya withdrew from the tournament. The women's U-17 team competed in the CAF qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup that will be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012. They did not advance out of their region. They played a qualification match in Abeokuta against Nigeria.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
As of April 2021
Manager history
Justine Omojong Okiring (2014–2015)
David Ouma (2015–2017)
Ann Aluoch (2017–2019)
Paul Bitok (2019–2020)
David Ouma (2020–2021)
Charles Okere (2021–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the match against South Sudan on 23 October 2021.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 10 October 2021.
Recent call ups
Captains
Doreen Nabwire (2013)
Dorcas Nixon (2016–)
Previous squads
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations squads
Records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
CECAFA Women's Championship
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Kenya
Football in Kenya
Women's football in Kenya
Kenya women's national under-20 football team
Kenya women's national under-17 football team
Kenya men's national football team
References
External links
Kenya women's national football team – official website at
FIFA profiles at
African women's national association football teams
The men's triple jump event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 16–18 August.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 16.50 m (Q) or at least 12 best (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Triple
2011
George Sherwood (February 6, 1954 - ) is an American kinetic and environmental sculptor.
Biography
Sherwood was born on February 6, 1954 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and grew up in the Connecticut coastal town of Fairfield. As a child, he found inspiration in nature from sailing trips with his father.
In 1976, he was awarded a BFA degree by the Hartford Art School. In the 1970s, he was interested in the art of movement, as practiced by theatrical groups such as Mummenschanz, Pilobolus, and the Celebration Mime Theatre. He developed a theatrical performance animated by humans manipulating large animated props, sculptures, and masks.
In 1984, he earned an engineering degree at the University of Vermont, and then did early work with the MIT Media Lab developing what would become LEGO Mindstorms. During this time, he encountered the wind-powered kinetic sculpture of George Rickey, which inspired him to create his own kinetic artworks.
Sherwood's sculptures are "based on movement that is both subtle and obvious. At times it appears his sculptures do not move at all, and at other times they are a flurry of activity reminiscent of the tall swaying plumes of late-season cimicfuga in an autumn breeze.” His work is made exclusively of stainless steel, the reflective qualities of which integrate the sculpture into its environment. Wind speed and direction, shades of light, time of day, precipitation, and seasonal color transform the qualities of light and movement. As stated by curator June LaCombe, his sculpture, “exemplifies art for an ecological age". Further, she states, “[Sherwood's] sculpture celebrates botanical forms and patterns in nature with proportional harmony".
Although most of his best-known sculptures are intended for installation outdoors where they are activated by the wind, Sherwood has begun to create delicate indoors sculptures activated by random air currents.
Sherwood lives and works in Ipswich, Massachusetts. Sherwood is a member of Boston Sculptors Gallery and the Royal Society of British Sculptors.
Collections and awards
Sherwood's work is part of the permanent collection at the Atlanta Botanical Garden (Atlanta, Georgia), the Coastal Maine Botanical Gardens (Boothbay, Maine), the Southern Vermont Art Center (Manchester, Vermont), and the Currier Museum of Art (Manchester, New Hampshire). In 2004, he exhibited at Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site in Cornish, New Hampshire and in 2009 at the Rose Kennedy Greenway in Boston, Massachusetts. In 2007 he was awarded the Lillian Heller award for Contemporary Art at Chesterwood in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
References
External links
20th-century American sculptors
Living people
1954 births
University of Hartford alumni
University of Vermont alumni
People from Fairfield, Connecticut
21st-century American sculptors
Sculptors from Connecticut
Delichoban (; , Dəliçoban) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,217 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 30 streets.
Geography
Delichoban is located 26 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Velikent and Padar are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Crystal Ball is a box set by American recording artist Prince. It includes Crystal Ball, the artist's twentieth studio album, which is a three-disc set of "previously bootlegged" material, together with a fourth disc, The Truth, the twenty-first studio album by Prince.
The box set was initially only available through direct orders by phone and internet. The direct order edition included a fifth disc, an instrumental studio album by The NPG Orchestra titled Kama Sutra. Shipment of this limited edition 5-CD version started on January 29, 1998, approximately two months before the release of the 4-CD version to retail stores on March 21, 1998.
The album Crystal Ball is Prince's second triple album in succession, following Emancipation. Each of the three CDs contain ten tracks and last fifty minutes, resembling Emancipations 12-song, sixty-minute disc lengths.
In 2018, NPG Records released Crystal Ball and The Truth digitally on Spotify, iTunes, Tidal, and Apple Music.
In 2021, a special limited vinyl edition of The Truth was released on Record Store Day.
Crystal Ball
Track listing
Notes
* – denotes song edited/revised for this album & can be found in original form on unofficial bootlegs.
‡ – denotes remix of already released song.
† – Found in full form on Bright Lights, Big City soundtrack.
Charts
The Truth
The Truth is the twenty-first studio album by Prince. It was the fourth CD in the Crystal Ball box set. The arrangements are mainly based around the acoustic guitar, augmented with elaborate production effects, multi-layered vocals, and occasional percussion and percussive effects. A CD single was released prior to the album, consisting of the record's first two tracks. In 2018, NPG Records released The Truth digitally on Spotify, iTunes, Tidal, and Apple Music. In 2021, a special limited vinyl edition of The Truth was released on Record Store Day.
Track listing
"The Truth" – 3:34
"Don't Play Me" – 2:48
"Circle of Amour" – 4:43
"3rd 👁" – 4:53
"Dionne" – 3:13
"Man in a Uniform" – 3:07
"Animal Kingdom" – 4:01
"The Other Side of the Pillow" – 3:21
"Fascination" – 4:55
"One of Your Tears" – 3:27
"Comeback" – 1:59
"Welcome 2 the Dawn" (acoustic version) – 3:17
Charts
Kama Sutra
Kama Sutra is an instrumental studio album by The NPG Orchestra. It was first released on cassette on February 14, 1997, and later in the limited edition Crystal Ball box set as the fifth CD on January 29, 1998, by NPG Records. The album was written to be played during Prince's wedding to Mayte Garcia in 1996. The tracks range in style from classical music, jazz, and experimentations with various sounds. For example, the track "Cutz" uses the sound of scissors snipping as its basis. Another track, "The Plan", was previewed in an excerpt on the 1996 3-CD set Emancipation.
Track listing
"The Plan" – 2:02
"Kama Sutra" – 11:49
"At Last... The Lost Is Found" – 3:38
"The Ever Changing Light" – 3:00
"Cutz" – 3:03
"Serotonin" – 0:46
"Promise/Broken" – 3:45
"Barcelona" – 2:17
"Kama Sutra/Overture #8" – 3:13
"Coincidence or Fate?" – 3:22
"Kama Sutra/Eternal Embrace" – 4:02
Personnel
Airiq Anest – programming
Michael Bland (as Michael B.) – drums, background vocals
Tommy Barbarella – guitar, recorder, background vocals, engineering
Joe Blaney – engineering
Bonnie Boyer – voices
Hans Buff – engineering, mastering
Keith "KC" Cohen – programming
Morris Day – drums
Steve Durkee – engineering
D.K. Dyson – percussion, vocals, vox continental
Carmen Electra – vocals
Clare Fischer – arranger, conductor, orchestration
Dave Friedlander – engineering
Brian Gardner – mastering
Tom Garneau – engineering
Ray Hahnfeldt – engineering
Heidi Hanschu – engineering
Fred Harrington – engineering
Tim Hoogenakker – engineering
Kimm James – engineering
Kathy Jensen – clarinet
Femi Jiya – engineering
Kirk Johnson – percussion, programming, production, beat programming, vox continental
Kirk "KjustinJ" Johnson – percussion, vocals, production, beat programming
Kaj – programming
Shane T. Keller – engineering
Kirky J. - mixing
Michael Koppelman – engineering
Eric Leeds – horn, saxophone
David Leonard – engineering
Peggy Mac – engineering
Mayte – vocals, background vocals
Susannah Melvoin – vocals, background vocals
Mr. Hayes – guitar, background vocals
Steve Noonan – engineering
Original – bass
Parke – design, concept, package concept
Ricky Peterson – programming, production
Brian Poer – engineering
Prince – arrangements, vocals, multi-instruments, noise, production, mixing, FX vocals, instrumentation, vox continental
Susan Rogers – engineering
Mike Scott – guitar
Shock G – mixing
Rhonda Smith – bass, percussion, vocals
Sonny T. – guitar, horn, vocals, background vocals, engineering
David Tickle – engineering
Tom Tucker – engineering
Ric Wilson – mastering
Yo Grandma – guitar, claves
Yo Mama – guitar, vocals
David Z – engineering
Chuck Zwicky – engineering
References
External links
Crystal Ball online booklet
1998 albums
Prince (musician) albums
Albums produced by Prince (musician)
NPG Records albums
Dedin is a locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Dedin had a population of 0 people.
Geography
The location is entirely within the Daintree National Park with the exception of a small area in the north-west of the locality which is in the Mount Windsor National Park.
References
Shire of Douglas
Localities in Queensland
Blommer Chocolate Company is an integrated chocolate manufacturer based in Chicago, Illinois, and it is considered to be the largest chocolate-ingredient supplier in North America. Prior to its acquisition by Fuji Oil Holdings, Inc. in 2018, the company was the largest and oldest independent cocoa bean processor in North America.
History
Blommer Chocolate was founded in 1939 by the brothers, Henry, Al, and Bernard in Chicago. The family (pronounced "Blummer") has roots in the confectionary, farming and ice cream business.
In 1948, the company acquired Bishop chocolate in Los Angeles and Boldeman Chocolate in San Francisco in 1951. In 1970, Blommer opened their second production plant in Union City, California, followed by a plant in East Greenville, Pennsylvania in 1980. In 2001 the company broke ground for a new warehouse in Pennsylvania.
In 2003, Blommer employed around 450 people and crossed $500 million in revenue. In 2006, the company acquired a production plant from World's Finest Chocolate in Ontario, Canada.
In 2018, the company was sold to Fuji Oil Holdings Inc. for $750 million. After the transaction, the Blommer family and senior management continued to lead the company.
In 2022, the company announced that Peter Blommer, the grandson of Henry Blommer who had started working with Blommer Chocolate aged 17 in 1991, will step down as CEO of the company. He will continue to serve in the role of Vice Chairman, while Nao Rokukawa, current Chairman of Blommer, will take over as interim CEO until the position will be filled again later this year.
Corporate affairs
Factories and store
The company operates four plants in North America:
Campbellford, Ontario
Chicago, Illinois
East Greenville, Pennsylvania
Union City, California
The company also operates an external R&D facility in Chicago and another production plant in China.
Aroma
The factory in the West Loop area of Chicago is known for sending a chocolate aroma into the air. Though the smell is popular among many Chicagoans, in 2006, a nearby condo owner complained to the EPA about the smell, complaining that it violated the Clean Air Act. Blommer was not fined, having explained that it was upgrading its filtration system. The chocolate smell remains.
Products
More than 45% of cocoa beans processed in the United States are processed (into cocoa butter, cocoa solids and chocolate liquor) by Blommer; about 70% of their business is supplying chocolate to various branded companies for use in those companies' own products.
Blommer's Chocolates Company does not sell directly through retail. Another branch of the family owned and operated a retail store located in the front corner of the Chicago manufacturing site until February, 2020, which sold various chocolates and chocolate baking supplies purchased from Blommer and other vendors.
Literature
Blommer: An American Chocolate Legacy by Beth Kimmerle, 2010
References
American chocolate companies
Manufacturing companies based in Chicago
Food and drink companies established in 1939
1939 establishments in Illinois
The 2018 Australian Production Car Series was an Australian motor racing competition for Group 3E Series Production Cars. It was the third Australian Production Car Series following the discontinuation of the Australian Production Car Championship at the end of 2015.
The series was won by Jim Pollicina and Ryan Simpson driving a Lotus Exige 350 Sport.
References
Australian Production Car Championship
Production Car Series
IP E-Game Ventures Inc., also known as IP E-Games, was an online game publisher based in the Philippines under the IPVG Corporation. In April 2012, IP E-Games ceased all operations in line with their merger into Level Up! Games Inc. The company published online entertainment games for casual gamers as well as massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPG).
Titles
Published titles
Ran Online
Cabal Online
Audition Online (as Dance Battle Audition)
Jade Dynasty (as Zhu Xian Online)
Runes of Magic
Point Blank
Granado Espada
Bandmaster
Past titles
Dreamville
Battle Position
O2Jam
Supreme Destiny
Superstar
Operation 7
Dragonica
Nostale
Unpublished titles
Topspeed
References
Video game publishers
Video game companies of the Philippines
Companies listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange
Video game companies established in 2005
2005 establishments in the Philippines
Companies based in Pasig
Dekh Kemon Lage is a Bengali language romantic comedy film directed by Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy. Produced by Greentouch Entertainment and Nideas Creations and conceptualised by Prosenjit Chatterjee, the film features Soham Chakraborty and Subhashree Ganguly in lead roles with Avik Chongdar, Mir Afsar Ali, Sujan Neel Mukherjee, Roopsha Dasguupta Ray, Rupsha Chakraborty, Kharaj Mukherjee, Biswanath Basu, Laboni Sarkar, Kanchan Mullick and Payel Mukherjee in other supporting roles.
Cast
Soham Chakraborty as Rahul Roy
Subhashree Ganguly as Gunja
Avik Chongdar as Boltu
Mir Afsar Ali as Bijoy Uday Banerjer
Kanchan Mullick
Biplab Banerjee as Gunja's father
Ambarish Bhattacharya as Sushil
Subhadra as Rahul's mother
Neel Mukherjee as Rahul's father
Rupsa Chakraborty as Rahul's elder sister-in-law
Rima Guha Thakurta as Raka
Abhijit Guha as Jt. Commissioner of Police Haridas Paul
Sudeshna Roy as Hostel principal
Peyal Mukherjee
Soundtrack
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
Indian romantic comedy films
Bengali remakes of Hindi films
2017 romantic comedy films
Films directed by Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy
Films scored by Jeet Ganguly
Antonio Ghiardello (21 April 1898 – 4 January 1992) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Ghiardello missed the Italian trials in 1928 due to appendicitis and could therefore not qualify for the 1928 Summer Olympics. In 1932 he won the bronze medal as member of the Italian boat in the coxless four competition. Four years later he finished fourth as part of the Italian boat in the coxless four events.
References
External links
1898 births
1992 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Year of death unknown
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
BVH is a three letter acronym that can stand for:
Biovision Hierarchy file format
Bounding volume hierarchy
Baron von Hack
Bahawal Victoria Hospital located in Bahawalpur Pakistan
Buried Via Holes a PCB technology
Blackpool Victoria Hospital located in Blackpool, Lancashire
Nevers may refer to:
Places
Nevers, Nevers, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France; a prefecture
Arrondissement of Nevers, Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France; a borough (arrondissement)
Canton of Nevers (disambiguation), Nièvre, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France; several cantons
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nevers, Burgundy, France
Duchy of Nevers, a duchy of France
County of Nevers, a county of Burgundy
Tom Nevers, Nantucket, Massachusetts, USA; a headland on Nantucket island named after the Native American
Facilities and structures
Tom Nevers Naval Facility, Nantucket, Massachusetts, USA; a U.S. Navy facility
Nevers Cathedral, Nevers, Nievre, France; a Roman Catholic cathedral
Nevers station, Nevers, Nievre, France; a train station
Palais ducal de Nevers (Nevers Palace), Nevers, Nievre, France
Hôtel de Nevers (disambiguation) (Nevers Hotel)
Nevers Dam (1889–1955), St. Croix River, Minnesota, USA; a removed dam
People
Duke of Nevers
Duchesses of Nevers, consorts of the Dukes
Count of Nevers
Countess of Nevers, consorts to the Counts
Ernie Nevers (1902–1976), a U.S. American football and baseball player and coach
Thomas Nevers (born 1956), a U.S. soccer player
Tom Nevers, Nantucket (born 1640), a Native American from Nantucket whose name is given to the district
Nevers Mumba (born 1960), a Zambian politician
Fictional characters
Queen of Nevers, a Marvel Comics fictional character
Other uses
The Nevers (TV series), a 2021 science fiction period European drama from HBO
USO Nevers (aka "Nevers"), Nevers, Nievre, France; a French rugby union team
FC Nevers 58 (aka "Nevers"), Nevers, Nievre, France; a French soccer team
See also
Tom Nevers (disambiguation)
Never (disambiguation)
The Uber-anatomy ontology (Uberon) is a comparative anatomy ontology representing a variety of structures found in animals, such as lungs, muscles, bones, feathers and fins. These structures are connected to other structures via relationships such as part-of and develops-from. One of the uses of this ontology is to integrate data from different biological databases, and other species-specific ontologies such as the Foundational Model of Anatomy.
References
External links
http://uberon.org
Biological databases
Comparative anatomy
Anatomical terminology
Ontology (information science)
The King's Badge is a large silver lapel badge authorised by the Ministry of Pensions in the early part of the Second World War and initially issued to servicemen who, as a result of their injuries, had been discharged from active service. It was to be worn only on civilian clothing and by the end of 1941 over 8,000 had been awarded.
Its basic purpose was to show that the wearer was a veteran. As well as members of the armed services, merchant navy and fishing fleets qualifying, by late 1944, it was also awarded to the coastguards, police, members of the Civil Defence Services, and the Home Guard.
Like the better known Silver War Badge of World War I, the King's Badge included the initials GRI for Georgius Rex Imperator, in this case referring to King-Emperor George VI. The earlier badge was in the name of his father, George V. The wording around the initials was also changed from For King and Empire Services Rendered to For Loyal Service. While it did come with a certificate, the King's Badge was not serially numbered.
Variations
Three versions of the badge were produced - two larger versions (approximately 1” (about 26mm) in diameter) with either a half-moon buttonhole fitting for men, or a pin and latch fitting for women: a smaller buttonhole version (approximately ¾” (19mm) in diameter) was also manufactured (a variation of this has the outside of the badge enamelled in blue). All versions were made in die-stamped metal but without any maker's marks.
References
Australian campaign medals
British campaign medals
New Zealand campaign medals
Military awards and decorations of World War II
Innogy Nordsee 1-2-3 is a proposal for a large wind farm complex off Germany's coast. The planned offshore installation is to be built north of the island of Juist, within an area of around and in water deep. The project includes three wind farms: Innogy Nordsee 1 with 54 turbines, Innogy Nordsee 2 with 48 turbines, and Innogy Nordsee 3 with 60 turbines. In total, 162 wind turbines with a capacity of 6.15 megawatts (MW) will be used.
The Innogy Nordsee 1 project was originally developed by ENOVA. In 2008, it was acquired by RWE Innogy. The construction permit for Innogy Nordsee 1 was issued on 4 April 2012. In December of 2017 Nordsee 1 began commercial operation, It is located 45 km from the shore.
See also
Wind power in Germany
List of offshore wind farms
References
External links
Project's website
w:de:ENOVA
Offshore wind farms in the North Sea
Proposed wind farms in Germany
Ubrodowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 324.
References
Ubrodowice
William Harvey (April 3, 1821 – June 14, 1874) was a Canadian political figure. He represented Elgin East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1872 to 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Malahide Township, Elgin County, Upper Canada and was educated there. In 1848, he married a Miss Sophronia Mack. Harvey served on the town council for Malahide and the council for Malahide Township. He died in office after contracting smallpox during a visit to Ottawa in 1874 in Aylmer, Ontario.
References
1821 births
1874 deaths
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Wu Jieping (; 22 January 1917 – 2 March 2011) was a Chinese medical scientist and politician. Wu was the Chairman of Central Committee of Jiusan Society from 1992 to 2002, and a Vice-chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee between 1993 and 2003. Wu was a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the World Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Wu was born Wu Tairan in Wujin County, Jiangsu, on January 22, 1917, the second of four sons of Wu Jingyi (), a Chinese businessman. His elder brother Wu Ruiping () and younger brothers Wu Weiran () and Wu Anran () are also medical scientist. Wu was raised in Tianjin. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Yenching University in 1937 and a Doctor of Medicinae degree from Peking Union Medical College in 1942. He studied urology under Xie Yuanfu (). He was accepted to University of Chicago in 1947.
After the founding of Communist State, he worked at Peking University Health Science Center. In 1951, he and his medical teams participated in the Korean War. Wu joined the Communist Party of China in 1956. In 1980, he was elected a fellow of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He served as vice-chairman of Central Committee of Jiusan Society in 1989, and three years later promoted to the chairman position. In 1993 he was promoted to become the vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, a position he held until 2003. On February 28, 2000, the Wu Jieping Medical Foundation was founded in Beijing.
Wu died in Beijing on March 2, 2011.
Personal life
Wu was twice married. He married his first wife Zhao Junkai () at the age of 16 when he was a student in Yenching University, she died in 1978. A few years later, he married Gao Rui ().
References
External links
The Wu Jieping Medical Foundation
1917 births
2011 deaths
Chinese urologists
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Members of the Jiusan Society
Vice Chairpersons of the National People's Congress
Peking Union Medical College alumni
People's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
Scientists from Changzhou
TWAS fellows
University of Chicago alumni
Yenching University alumni
Politicians from Changzhou
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
XHUAR-FM (106.7 MHz) is a Rock En Español and News radio station licensed to Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, owned by IMER (Instituto Mexicano de la Radio), Mexico's public radio network. Like the Public Radio stations in the United States, IMER presents a variety of discussion and music programs.
XHUAR-FM broadcasts three channels in HD.
History
XHUAR-FM signed on July 1, 1986 as "Estéreo Norte" with the remit of offering a Mexican alternative to the Americanized media of the area. By the early 1990s it was offering ballad music, which changed to rock in 1993. Meanwhile, speech programs diminished on XHUAR's broadcast day.
In 1996, the station adopted the Órbita name and format then in use on IMER's XHOF-FM in Mexico City. The station went 24 hours in 1999.
References
External links
Radio stations in Chihuahua
Mass media in Ciudad Juárez
Streak or streaking may refer to:
Streaking, running naked in a public place
Streaking or surfactant leaching in acrylic paints
Streaking (microbiology), a method of purifying micro-organisms
Streak (mineralogy), the color left by a mineral dragged across a rough surface
Streak (moth), in the family Geometridae
Streak (film), a 2008 film
Winning streak, consecutive wins in sport or gambling
Losing streak
The Streak (professional wrestling), a run of victories for The Undertaker at WrestleMania
The Streak (Easton High School Wrestling), a Pennsylvania, US, high-school streak
Iron man (sports streak), an athlete of unusual physical endurance
Hitting streak, in baseball, a consecutive amount of games in which a player appears and gets at least one base hit.
Dell Streak, tablet computer by Dell
Streak camera, device to measure short optical pulses
"The Streak" (song), a 1974 record by Ray Stevens
Archenteron, an indentation on a blastula
Heath Streak, former Zimbabwe cricket team captain
Aero-Flight Streak, a late 1940s single engine civilian aircraft
Streak (company) is a private American company founded in 2011 and based in San Francisco, California
See also
Streaker (disambiguation)
The 2019–20 Major Arena Soccer League season is the twelfth season for the league. The league adopted a new format during the offseason, merging the four divisions into two conferences and eliminating the divisional format. On 12 March 2020, the league announced they would end the regular season early due to the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. On July 1, 2020, MASL announced that the Board of Directors had voted to conclude the 2019–20 season with the recognition of the Monterrey Flash and Florida Tropics being the winners of the Western and Eastern Conferences, respectively.
Changes from 2018-19
Expansion
Mesquite Outlaws
Folded
Mississauga MetroStars
Moved to MASL 2
El Paso Coyotes
RGV Barracudas FC
Returning
Sonora Suns
Rochester Lancers
Change in season format
On July 19, 2019, the MASL announced the following changes for the 2019–20 season.
Teams will be divided into two conferences (Eastern and Western), rather than four divisions.
All playoff matchups will follow the best of three formats, with the third game being a mini-game following game #2, if the series is tied.
Standings
As of March 12, 2020
(Bold) Division Winner
(Italic) Defending Champion
o-Eliminated from playoffs x-clinched playoff spot
Eastern Conference
Tiebreakers are as follows: Win%, Head to Head, Goal Differential, Wins, Losses.
Western Conference
Tiebreakers are as follows: Win%, Head to Head, Goal Differential, Wins, Losses
Statistics
Top scorers
Playoffs
Top 4 teams from both conferences qualify. Teams seeded 1st get to choose which lower seeded opponent from their conference they will face in the opening round. All rounds of the playoffs, including the championship finals, are best 2 of 3, with the 3rd game being a 15-minute mini-game, if required.
On May 21, MASL announced that it intends on having playoffs, with modifications such as one centralized location, and a five-day training camp period. However, on June 3, MASL announced that the plan from May 21 was no longer being implemented, due to logistical difficulties as well as any positives being outweighed by the negatives. With the announcement of the Flash and Tropics winning their conferences, the 2020 season concluded with no playoffs.
End-of-season awards
MASL announced their end of season awards schedule would start on the 8th of April with the All-MASL Honorable Mentions team and culminate on the 18th of April with the MVP award.
References
Major Arena Soccer League seasons
Major
Major
USA-88, also known as GPS IIA-9, GPS II-18 and GPS SVN-22, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the ninth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-88 was launched at 02:55:00 UTC on 3 February 1993, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D218, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-88 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 5 March 1993, USA-88 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.9 minutes, and 54.8° of inclination to the equator. It broadcast PRN 22, and operated in slot 1 of plane B of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 6 August 2003.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1993
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Narendra Dengle (born 1948) is an architect, academician, and author based in Pune. His architectural designs have been a part of VISTARA in Paris as part of the Festival of India exhibition in 1986, and State of Architecture Exhibition in Mumbai in 2017-18. He has partnered and worked on various academic and architectural projects with Achyut Kanvinde, Vasanth Kamath, Romi Khosla, M.N. Ashish Ganju, and Kamu Iyer.
Architectural practice and design
Dengle began practicing architecture in 1974. In the same year, he founded a partnership firm with Vasant Kamath and Romi Khosla called The GRUP (Group for Rural & Urban Planning), in which Revathi Kamath was an employee. From 1983 to 1987, he was the resident director of SEMAC(I) Private Limited in the Sultanate of Oman. He is the Principal of the firm Narendra Dengle and Associates. He has designed residential, commercial, industrial, and institutional buildings, many of which have received critical appraisal and awards. His awards include HUDCO low-cost housing in 1975 and the first prize for the Archaeological Museum in Srinagar in 2000.
Among his notable architectural projects are the Ramakrishna Math (2002), Maharshi Karve Museum (2007), and a bird observatory (2019), all in Pune.
Academic career
Narendra Dengle taught at the School of Planning and Architecture from 1974 to 1981. He has been the Design Chair at institutions including KRVIA (2006-2011), and also the Academic Chair at the Goa College of Architecture (2012-2014). He has been closely associated as a faculty member with the Building Beauty Programme at the Sant'Anna Institute in Sorento. Dengle continues to teach and be on the juries of several schools of architecture and design.
Dengle was one of the founders of the Forum for Exchange and Excellence in Design (FEED), a public platform where he interviewed eminent architects from across India from 1999 to 2006. A selection of interviews and writings eventually resulted in the book Dialogues with Indian Master Architects, which features Achyut Kanvinde, Raj Rewal, Anant Raje, Hasmukh Patel, Balkrishna V Doshi, Uttam C Jain and Charles Correa.
Selected publications
Books
Dialogues with Indian Master Architects (Mumbai: Marg, 2015).
(with M.N. Ashish Ganju) The Discovery of Architecture: A contemporary treatise on ancient values and indigenous reality (New Delhi: GREHA, 2013).
झरोका (नाशिक: ब्रेन टॉनिक प्रकाशन गृह, २००७).
Essays
" Muni Ganju: A Wise Man of Indian Architecture." Journal of Landscape Architecture 66 (2021):11-14.
"दृक-कलेविषयी." सजग (जुलै-सप्टेंबर २०२१): ६२-७०.
"Bhan's Rock Garden." Ravindra Bhan (New Delhi: Landscape Architecture, 2020): 22-23.
"Existential Issues, Memory, and Freedom." Journal of Landscape Architecture 62 (2020): 34-45.
"Foreword." Architecture of Nothingness (London: Routledge, 2019): 13-16.
"Friends for Life: memories and associations of places and nature." Journal of Landscape Architecture 57 (2019): 49-53.
"कैलासचे वास्तुशिल्प." चौफेर (दिवाळी २०१८): ४०-५१.
"कलाजाणीव." साधना (२९ जुलै २०१७): १८-२२.
"Achyut Kanvinde and Modernism in India." Achyut Kanvinde Ᾱkār (New Delhi: Niyogi, 2017): 192-199.
"Rejuvenation and Reincarnation: history as a means of living the present." Journal of Landscape Architecture 53 (2017): 94-97.
"Urbanization, farm land and the form of public space." New architecture and urbanism: Development of Indian traditions (Newcastle-upon-Tyne: Cambridge Scholars, 2010): 161-168.
"The Contemporary Concerns." Architecture Plus Design 17, no. 4 (2000): 18.
"The introvert and extrovert aspects of the Marathi house." House and Home in Maharashtra (New Delhi: Oxford University Press, 1998): 50-69.
"Culture And Space." Architecture Plus Design 10, no. 6 (1993): 41.
Awards and honors
HUDCO low-cost housing in 1975,
The first prize and project for Archaeological Museum in Srinagar in 2000,
Honoured on the Teacher's Day by the IIA Pune in 2015,
Honoured with Life Time Achievement Award by the IFJ, Mumbai in 2019.
External links
Official Website
References
Living people
Indian architects
1948 births
School of Planning and Architecture faculty
"Cheat on Me" arrived in August 2009 as the first single taken from the fourth studio album by British indie rock band the Cribs. The song provided listeners with the first batch of new material from the four-piece incarnation of the band, with the Smiths and Modest Mouse guitarist Johnny Marr an addition the year previous, later finding release on fourth LP Ignore the Ignorant in September 2009.
Recorded and mixed at Seedy Underbelly Studio in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles, California with producer Nick Launay, the song received additional treatment at British Grove Studio, London, United Kingdom.
Physical release
The song received a physical release in numerous forms, through two seven-inch records and a CD single, as well as digital download. Frequent band collaborator Nick Scott designed the sleeve, whereas Autumn de Wilde provided band photography for one of the releases. The first vinyl included a band photograph as an A3 poster, with the second a clear-coloured release. Catalogue numbers 'WEBB221S', 'WEBB221SX' and 'WEBB221SCD'.
B-sides
"Curse This English Rain" and "So Hot Now", the CD single and seven inch vinyl one B-sides, came from the same sessions as the rest of the album, with additional recording completed at Mastan Music, Portland, Oregon by Jeremy Wilson. "So Hot Now" went on to feature as a split single with Portland band the Thermals on Kill Rock Stars in March 2010, with Gary Jarman on guitar and Ryan Jarman on bass duties. The live versions of "Cheat on Me" and "We Were Aborted" come from Live at the Ritz, an album recorded in Manchester on 5 and 6 February 2009 by Jim Spencer.
Miscellaneous
The band released an accompanying video with the song, reaching number eighty on the British singles chart.
Track listing
Footnotes
External links
official band website
official record label website
2009 singles
The Cribs songs
Song recordings produced by Nick Launay
Songs written by Johnny Marr
Songs written by Gary Jarman
Songs written by Ross Jarman
Songs written by Ryan Jarman
Tijan (, also Romanized as Tījān) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Padre Jean (or Padrejean) was a slave on the island of Hispaniola. In 1676, he attempted to overthrow his slavemaster and consequently form a revolution. This occurred in the town of Port-de-Paix. This is stated to have been the spark that led to the eventual Haitian Revolution. He freed slaves and fled to Tortuga Island. He lived there until 1679 when his location was discovered. After this the French sent some maroons who killed him.
See also
Slavery in Haiti
Haitian Revolution
Independence of Haiti
Armée Indigène
End of slavery in Haiti
1791 slave rebellion
References
Year of birth missing
1670s deaths
People of Saint-Domingue
Haitian rebel slaves
Haitian Vodou practitioners
Chris Hall may refer to:
Chris Hall (English footballer) (born 1986), English television actor and retired footballer
Chris Hall (Australian footballer) (born 1982), Australian rules footballer
Chris Hall (cryptographer), American mathematician and cryptographer
Chris Hall (lacrosse) (1950–2014), Canadian lacrosse player and coach
Chris Hall (defensive back) (born 1970), American football defensive back
Chris Hall (offensive lineman) (born 1987), American football offensive lineman
Chris Hall (university president) (born 1956), English-American politician and academic
Chris Hall (politician) (born 1985), Iowa State Representative
Chris Hall (journalist), sports reporter and presenter for ITV regional news program Granada Reports
Chris Hall, former mayor of Colchester
Christopher Hall (producer) (born 1957), TV producer
See also
Christopher Hall (disambiguation)
Chrishall, a village in England
Melitón Albáñez Domínguez is a small village and ejido in Baja California Sur in La Paz Municipality. The village had a population of 2,409 as of 2020.
References
Populated places in Baja California Sur
La Paz Municipality (Baja California Sur)
Sineh-ye Ghaz (, also Romanized as Sīnh-ye Ghāz; also known as Sina Khwār, Sīneh Kherār, Sīneh Khrār, and Sīneh-ye Khvār) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
General elections were held in Chile on 14 December 1989, bringing an end to the military regime that had been in place since 1973. Patricio Aylwin of Concertación alliance was elected President, whilst the alliance also won a majority of seats in the Chamber of Deputies and in the elected Senate seats.
From the 1989 elections onwards the military had officially left the political future of the country to civilians to be elected. Pinochet did not endorse any candidate publicly. Former dictatorship minister Hernán Büchi ran for president as candidate of the two right-wing parties, RN and UDI. He had little political experience and was a relatively young (40 years) technocrat credited for Chile's good economic performance in the later half of the 1980s. The right parties faced several problems in the elections: there was considerable infighting between RN and UDI, Büchi had only very reluctantly accepted to run for president and right-wing politicians struggled to define their position towards the Pinochet regime. In addition to this right-wing populist Francisco Javier Errázuriz Talavera ran independently for president and made several election promises Büchi could not match.
The centre-left coalition Concertación was rather united and confident. Its candidate Patricio Aylwin, a Christian Democrat, behaved as if he had won and refused a second television debate with Büchi. Büchi attacked Aylwin on a remark he had made concerning that inflation rate of 20% was not much and he also accused Aylwin of making secret agreements with the Communist Party of Chile, a party that was not part of Concertación. Aylwin spoke with strength about the need to clarify human rights violations but did not confront the dictatorship for it, in contrast Büchi as a regime collaborator lacked any credibility when dealing with human rights violations.
Büchi and Errázuriz lost to Patricio Aylwin. The electoral system meant that the largely Pinochet-sympathetic right was overrepresented in parliament in such way that it could block any reform to the constitution. This over-representation was crucial for UDI to obtain places in parliament and secure its political future. Pinochet declared himself to be satisfied with the election. The far-left and the far-right performed poorly in the election.
Results
President
Senate
Results by region
Chamber of Deputies
By region
References
Elections in Chile
General elections
Chile
Presidential elections in Chile
Chile
Koebeliini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. There are 6 genera and over 15 species divided into two subtribes within Koebeliini: Koebellina and Grypotina. Koebeliina species are endemic to western North America.
Genera
There are 6 described genera divided into two subtribes:
Subtribe Koebellina
Koebelia Baker, 1897
Subtribe Grypotina
References
Cicadellidae
Insects described in 1929
Insects of North America
not to be confused with St Paul's Cathedral, London.
St. Paul's Cathedral is an historic church building located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1977. In 2020, it reported 881 members, 284 average attendance, and $967,260 in plate and pledge financial support.
History
St. Paul's began as a mission in 1891. The congregation met in several locations including the federal courthouse. The first frame building for the congregation was built in 1893 and the mission was raised to parish status on May 14, 1902. The cornerstone for the present church was laid in 1903 and the first service in the building was held on March 13, 1904. The parish house was opened the same year. The Diocese of Oklahoma elected in January 1909 to make St. Paul's its Cathedral. The educational building was built in 1949.
St. Paul's Cathedral was extensively damaged when a bomb exploded at the nearby Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building on April 19, 1995. The Celtic Cross on top of the church was shattered. The roof was lifted and the walls were splayed outward. The cathedral was closed for two years while it was rebuilt. Additional property was purchased and a new facility to house offices and the parish's outreach programs was built. The total price for the renovations and expansion totaled $7.5 million.
Architecture
Arthur J. Williams designed the church in the Norman Gothic style. The exterior features a Norman style tower. The interior has two Tiffany windows behind the altar. Stained glass windows on the Gospel side of the Church depict the Evangels: St. John, St. Paul and St. Luke. The windows on the Epistle side depict events from the life of Christ including the Nativity, Crucifixion and Resurrection. The altar, pulpit and the baptismal font are carved from Carrara marble.
See also
List of the Episcopal cathedrals of the United States
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
External links
St. Paul's Cathedral Website
Churches in Oklahoma City
Episcopal churches in Oklahoma
Paul, Oklahoma City
Churches completed in 1904
20th-century Episcopal church buildings
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Religious organizations established in 1891
1891 establishments in Oklahoma Territory
Gothic Revival church buildings in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma City
Microsoft Script Debugger is relatively minimal debugger for Windows Script Host-supported scripting languages, such as VBScript and JScript. Its user interface allows the user to set breakpoints and/or step through execution of script code line by line, and examine values of variables and properties after any step. In effect, it provides a way for developers to see script code behavior as it runs, thus eliminating much of the guess-work when things do not quite work as intended.
Microsoft considers it to be deprecated. Also, Internet Explorer 8 comes with a different, tightly integrated JScript debugger part of the Internet Explorer Developer Tools.
Features
According to Microsoft, the Script Debugger provides these traditional debugging features:
Ability to set and clear breakpoints.
Ability to step through and over procedures.
Ability to display and change the values of variables and properties.
Ability to evaluate expressions.
Ability to view the call stack, and navigate to any currently loaded procedure.
Additionally, it can open and edit HTML pages, and it supports script colorization for improved readability.
Limitations
The debugger has several limitations, including the following:
The line indicator may be incorrect when stepping through inline JScript or debugging a framed document.
When debugging documents open in Internet Explorer, only one can be debugged at a time.
Commands typed in the Command window have no effect unless the user is in break mode.
A breakpoint immediately after a Document.Write is ignored.
Entering a Document.Write command while debugging, or refreshing a document in Internet Explorer while debugging it, can cause hangs or other unexpected behavior.
Unlike in other debuggers, there is no Watch window for monitoring variables; they must be checked via manual commands.
Unlike in other debuggers, breakpoints can't be set by clicking in the left margin; they must be set via keypress or menu.
Usage
After installation, new options can be found in Internet Explorer's Script Debugger menu, which gets added in the View menu. Debugging can optionally be turned off from the Advanced tab in the Internet Options dialog.
See also
Microsoft Script Editor
Internet Explorer Developer Tools
References
Debuggers
Script Debugger
Abigail May Alcott Nieriker (July 26, 1840 – December 29, 1879) was an American artist and the youngest sister of Louisa May Alcott. She was the basis for the character Amy (an anagram of May) in her sister's semi-autobiographical novel Little Women (1868). She was named after her mother, Abigail May, and first called Abba, then Abby, and finally May, which she asked to be called in November 1863 when in her twenties.
Early life
Abigail May Alcott was born July 26, 1840, in Concord, Massachusetts, the youngest of the four daughters born to Amos Bronson Alcott and Abigail May Alcott.
Her sister was the novelist Louisa May Alcott, who supported her studies in Europe and with whom she had a fond relationship, although Louisa May was at times jealous of her family life as well as her ability to get what she wanted and needed.
Artistic from an early age, she was the inspiration for Amy, one of the sisters in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women, who was described as follows: "She was never so happy as when copying flowers, designing fairies, or illustrating stories with queer specimens of art."
Public education
She studied teaching at the Bowdoin School, a Boston public school beginning in January, 1853. Taking over for Louisa in 1861, May taught at the first Kindergarten founded by Elizabeth Palmer Peabody for a month before returning to her own work. Beginning in December, 1860, May was in Syracuse, New York, where she taught an early form of art therapy at Dr. Wilbur's asylum (Syracuse State School). then returned home in August, 1861 or 1862 to begin teaching art at the Concord school run by her father's friend Franklin Benjamin Sanborn.
Art
19th-century women artists
As educational opportunities expanded in the 19th century, women artists became part of professional enterprises, including founding their own art associations. Artwork created by women was considered to be inferior, and to help overcome that stereotype women became "increasingly vocal and confident" in promoting women's work, and thus became part of the emerging image of the educated, modern and freer "New Woman". Artists then, "played crucial roles in representing the New Woman, both by drawing images of the icon and exemplifying this emerging type through their own lives."
Education
Beginning in 1859, Alcott studied art at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. May Alcott visited Paris, studied at the Académie Julian in 1870 and exhibited in both cities, and elsewhere in the US and in London. She painted mainly flowers, but also made excellent copies of works by J.M.W. Turner. She studied art anatomy with William Rimmer in Boston, and also studied with William Morris Hunt, Krug, Vautier and Müller among others. She taught art to young Daniel Chester French.
She studied in Paris, London and Rome during three European trips in 1870, 1873 and 1877, which were made possible by the publication in 1868 of her sister Louisa's book Little Women. She traveled on at least one of the trips with Alice Bartlett and her sister Louisa May, where she "came into her own as an artist." She studied sculpture, sketching and painting. In Europe she found that women had greater educational opportunities than in the United States, but the art academies did not allow women to paint live nude models. For that, she studied under Krug, who managed to enable both male and female students to paint live models.
Alcott had illustrated the first edition of Little Women, to a negative critical reception. The early illustrations were made before her trips to and studies in Europe.
Career
After studying in Paris, she subsequently divided her time between Boston, London and Paris. Her strength was as a copyist and as a painter of still life, either in oils or watercolors. Her success as a copyist of Turner was such as to command the praise of Mr. John Ruskin, and secure the adoption of some of her work for the pupils to copy at the South Kensington schools in London.
She published Concord Sketches with a preface by her sister Louisa May (Boston, 1869). After having studied in Europe, she had become "an accomplished artist" by the 1870s, and her works during that time showed marked improvement compared to the earlier illustrations for Little Women and the "quirky" depiction of Walden Pond in Concord Sketches. Her works after her European studies and exposure to great works of art reflected "a surer hand, a clearer focus, and a broader vision as the world".
She created the plan and outfitted a studio in 1875 for a Concord art center to support and promote emerging artists.
In 1877, her still life was the only painting by an American woman to be exhibited in the Paris Salon, selected over the work of Mary Cassatt. She made portraits and paintings of exterior scenes, some with an oriental flair. John Ruskin praised her copies of J.M.W. Turner, having called her "the foremost copyist of Turner of her time." Her strength was as a copyist and as a painter of still life, in oils and watercolors, and she painted many panels featuring flowers on a black background. A panel of goldenrod given to neighbor/mentor Ralph Waldo Emerson still hangs in his study. Several can also be seen at the Orchard House in Concord.
She was living in London and studying landscape art when she met Ernest Nieriker. The couple married on March 22, 1878, in London. The marriage was said by authors Eiselein and Phillips to have occurred despite her family's reluctance. In contrast, Louisa Alcott called the day a "happy event" and described Ernest as a handsome, cultivated and successful "tender friend". Further, "May is old enough to choose for herself, and seems so happy in the new relation that we have nothing to say against it." May was 38 years old, and Ernest Nieriker a 22-year-old Swiss tobacco merchant and violinist. Ernest was supportive of May's artist career and had helped her through the death of her mother on November 25, 1877, and they were engaged in February 1878. The couple honeymooned in Le Havre and then lived in Meudon, a Parisian suburb, where she primarily lived after her marriage.
The following year, she made the painting La Négresse, which was exhibited at the Paris Salon, "what might be judged her masterpiece" of her career. It is a realistic painting of a black woman that portrays her unique individuality without being romantic or erotic.
In her letters to family members, May expressed her happiness of married life as an artist in Paris.
In her book Studying Art Abroad, and How to do it Cheaply (Boston 1879) she advised:"There is no art world like Paris, no painters like the French, and no incentive to good work equal to that found in a Paris atelier."
Childbirth and death
On November 8, 1879, in Paris, May gave birth to a daughter, Louisa May "Lulu." Seven weeks later on December 29, 1879, May died, possibly of childbed fever. By her wish, and because Ernest traveled often for work, May's sister, Louisa May brought up Lulu until her death in 1888. Then, Lulu was raised by her father, Ernest Nieriker, in Zurich, Switzerland.
Though Louisa placed a stone with her initials at the family plot at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery, May is buried in Paris at Montrouge.
In 2002, an exhibition of her work and life, "Lessons, sketching, and her dreams: May Alcott as Artist", was the first major show of her work.
Gallery
Publication
Reprinted (2015) Fb &C Limited
Notes
References
Further reading
Julia Dabbs, May Alcott Nieriker: Author and Advocate. Travel Writing and Transformation in the Late Nineteenth Century (Anthem Press, 2022). ISBN 1-78527-864-9
The Forgotten Alcott: Essays on the Artistic Legacy and Literary Life of May Alcott Nieriker, eds. Azelina Flint and Lauren Hehmeyer (Routledge, 2022) ISBN 978-0-367-69159-2
Julia K. Dabbs, "Empowering American Women Artists: The Travel Writings of May Alcott Nieriker," Nineteenth-Century Art Worldwide (2016)
Erica E. Hirshler, A Studio of Her Own: Women Artists in Boston 1870-1940
The Uncollected Works of Louisa May Alcott
Caroline Ticknor, May Alcott: A Memoir (Little, Brown, 1928)
Selected Letters of Louisa May Alcott
External links
Alcott family
American women painters
Botanical illustrators
Painters from Massachusetts
1840 births
1879 deaths
People from Concord, Massachusetts
19th-century American painters
American women illustrators
Académie Julian alumni
Art copyists
19th-century American women artists
American expatriates in France
Quincy family
Sewall family
Deaths in childbirth
Ştefan Rusu (born 2 February 1956) is a retired Greco-Roman wrestler from Romania. He competed at the 1976, 1980 and 1984 Olympics and won a silver, a gold and a bronze medal, respectively. He also won world titles in different weight divisions in 1978 and 1982 and European titles in 1978–1981 and 1985. After retiring from competitions he worked as a wrestling coach in Romania and in Turkey.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Olympic gold medalists for Romania
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic bronze medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Universiade medalists in wrestling
Universiade silver medalists for Romania
European Wrestling Championships medalists
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1977 Summer Universiade
20th-century Romanian people
Stephen John Kocisko (June 11, 1915 – March 7, 1995) was the first Metropolitan Archbishop of the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh, the American branch of the Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church
Early life
Born June 11, 1915 to Rusyn immigrant parents in Minneapolis, Minnesota, he graduated from De La Salle Catholic High School then studied at Nazareth Preparatory Seminary in St. Paul, Minnesota. Bishop Basil Takach sent him to St. Josaphat's Seminary in Rome, Italy for philosophical and theological education, where he earned a Licentiate (Master's) Degree in Sacred Theology. Bishop Alexander Evreinoff, the ordaining prelate for the Byzantine Catholics in Rome, ordained him to the priesthood on March 30, 1941, just before to his return to the United States.
He first served as pastor in Detroit, Michigan and Lyndora, Pennsylvania. He also served as a member of the Exarchate's Matrimonial Tribunal and as professor of Patrology at the Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS. Cyril and Methodius. Bishop Nicholas Elko appointed him in 1956 as the Chancellor of the Exarchate.
Bishop Elko, faced with a growing number of parishes, petitioned the Holy See for an auxiliary bishop. On October 23, 1956, Kocisko was ordained as a bishop at the Cathedral of Saint Paul of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh in the Oakland district.
Bishop Kocisko began residence at Holy Ghost Parish on the city's North Side. For the next seven years, he served as auxiliary bishop and was appointed Rector of the seminary and Vicar General.
Rome upgrades the American Church's status
Since its inception in 1924 as the "Apostolic Exarchate of the United States of America, Faithful of the Oriental Rite (Ruthenian)", the organizational status of the Church was merely that of a missionary territory with limited self-governing authority, the homeland being Europe—albeit under Communist persecution since 1946.
On July 6, 1963 the Vatican upgraded the status of the church from Exarchate to Eparchy, or diocese according to the Latin-Rite terminology. A decree by the newly elected Pope Paul VI divided the entire U.S. territory of the Church into two separate ecclesiastical jurisdictions. The first, the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic, included the Eastern states and the second jurisdiction, centered in Pittsburgh, included the rest of the nation. Both jurisdictions now held the canonical status of an eparchy or a full diocese. Bishop Elko continued as the American Church's senior hierarch, but Kocisko was selected as the first bishop for Passaic and was installed on July 6, 1963.
Episcopate of Bishop Kocisko
In 1963 Kocisko moved from Pittsburgh and began building an eparchy in Passaic from the ground up: constructing a residence, chancery, and setting up an administration. He launched a new weekly newspaper to serve the Passaic Eparchy, The Eastern Catholic Life. He also found time to simultaneously participate in Second Vatican Council in Rome.
Controversy in Pittsburgh
By 1967, Bishop Elko's popularity within his own Church waned, and his authoritative management style agitated many priests and laity. The Vatican transferred Elko to Rome, where he was elevated to the dignity of an Archbishop and appointed as the ordaining prelate for the Byzantine Catholics in Rome and head of the Ecumenical Commission on the Liturgy. This prompted his resignation as Byzantine Catholic Bishop of Pittsburgh, and Monsignor Edward V. Rosack, the Chancellor of the Eparchy, was named as the temporary apostolic administrator.
Time Magazine reported on the unusual situation, noting that a "bishop is almost never separated from his see. For the past seven months, however, the Most Rev. Nicholas T. Elko, Ruthenian-rite bishop of Pittsburgh, has been in Rome, barred by his church superiors from returning to his diocese. The case of Bishop Elko, who describes his situation as 'exile', casts fascinating light on Catholicism's current internal stresses. . . ."
The Vatican next appointed Kocisko on December 22, 1967 to replace Elko as the chief hierarch. He was installed Bishop of Pittsburgh on March 3, 1968. Michael Dudick replaced Kocisko as Bishop of Passaic.
Again Rome upgrades the American Church's status
Pope Paul VI on February 21, 1969 published a decree entitled Quandoquidem Christus, which elevated the status of the Byzantine Catholic Church in America from two separate eparchies to a metropolia. The Eparchy of Pittsburgh now rose to the status of an Archeparchy, or archdiocese in Latin Church terminology, to be headed by an archbishop and to be called the Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh. The Eparchy of Passaic became a suffragan or elemental part of the Metropolia. The Pope next created a new suffragan eparchy from the western territory of the Pittsburgh Eparchy to be based in Parma, Ohio.
On February 29, 1969 Paul VI appointed Bishop Stephen Kocisko, Bishop of Pittsburgh, to head the new Byzantine Metropolia and elevated him to the status of Archbishop. Bishop Michael Dudick, who succeeded him in Passaic in 1968, remained as the head of the Passaic Eparchy. Father Emil Mihalik, the Chancellor of the Passaic Eparchy, became the first bishop for the new Parma Eparchy.
The First Rusyn Metropolitan
Kocisko was installed as the first Metropolitan in the history of the Rusyn people by the Apostolic Delegate to the United States, Most Reverend Luigi Raimondi. The ceremony took place June 11, 1969 in Holy Spirit Byzantine Catholic Church in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh.
Archbishop Kocisko's new administration placed renewed emphasis on Eastern theological tradition and practices. He established an Office of Religious Education, a Cantor's Institute, and directed the establishment of an Archeparchial Museum to preserve and maintain religious articles, icons, books, and paintings of historical interest.
Kocisko also sought to instill a strong historical consciousness in the minds of the faithful of the Metropolitan Province. He encouraged and oversaw numerous publications regarding the history of the Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church in Eastern Europe. Many of these books and pamphlets were about the lives of the bishops and priests of the Eparchies of Mukachevo and Prijashiv (Preshov), who had suffered martyrdom, imprisonment and hardships during the liquidation of the Greek Catholic Church in Ukraine and Subcarpathian Rus by the Soviet regime.
On December 6, 1971, Kocisko, along with Bishops Dudick and Mihalik, published a pastoral letter observing the 325th anniversary of the Union of Uzhhorod and the 200th anniversary of the canonical erection of the Eparchy of Mukacheo as a self-governing entity. In the letter, Metropolitan Kocisko and the other bishops called to task the Synod of Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church held in Zagorsk, USSR from May 30 through June 2 of that same year. On June 1, the Russian bishops officially declared the Union of Uzhorod (1646) to be annulled, justifying the liquidation of the Greek Catholic Church in Ukraine and other countries of the Soviet block. The pastoral letter uses language typical of Kocisko's approach, referring to Subcarpathian Rus as "our occupied homeland" and "our ancestral home."
To promote the role of the Byzantine Catholic Church on a national level, he erected in 1974 a Byzantine chapel in the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, DC.
In 1986, Archbishop Kocisko, together with the bishops of the Byzantine Ruthenian Metropolitan Province, initiated the causes for the canonizations of three bishops of Subcarpathian Rus who had been martyred or suffered as confessors of the faith under the Soviet regime. Although these processes are normally performed within the territorial jurisdiction where the person lived, the unique situation of the liquidation of the Greek Catholic Church in Eastern Europe prompted Kocisko to act in his position of Metropolitan of the Ruthenians in the United States. Bishop Theodore Romzha, eparch of Mukachevo, Bishop Paul Peter Gojdich, OSBM, eparch of Prijashev and Bishop Basil Hopko, auxiliary bishop of Prijashev were the first to be considered. Shortly thereafter, as more information became available from behind the iron curtain, the name of Bishop Alexander Chira, Romzha's successor as bishop of Mukachevo in the catacomb church was added.
On December 17, 1994, the causes of these bishops were canonically opened in their native eparchies, continuing the work begun under Kocisko. Subsequently, on June 27, 2001, Pope John Paul II beatified Bishop Romzha along with other Ukrainian martyrs of the communist yoke during a Divine Liturgy in Lviv. Bishop Gojdich was beatified by the same pontiff on November 4, 2001. September 14, 2003 saw the beatification of Bishop Hopko by John Paul during a visit to Bratislava, Slovakia.
Communism ends in Europe
In February 1990, as Communist rule ended in Eastern Europe, Archbishop Kocisko led a delegation of American Byzantine Catholic hierarchs to the Eparchies of Prešov and Mukacevo to show solidarity with them after 40 years of separation and persecution.
Final years
Archbishop Kocisko resigned as Metropolitan Archbishop of Pittsburgh on June 11, 1990, his seventy-fifth birthday.
He died at age 79 on March 7, 1995. He is buried in the cemetery of Mount Saint Macrina Monastery in Uniontown, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
His Excellency Metropolitan Stephen J. Kocisko, D.D. - The Carpathian Connection
Stephen Kocisko bio sketch at Catholic-Hierarchy.org
The Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Church in America
Notes
1915 births
1995 deaths
Ruthenian Catholic bishops
Clergy from Minneapolis
American people of Rusyn descent
American Eastern Catholic bishops
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
20th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Religious leaders from Pittsburgh
Burials in Pennsylvania
20th-century American clergy
TUM Aerocarga (Formerly called MCS Aerocarga) is a Mexican cargo airline owned by MCS Holding Cargo Services and Grupo TUM.
History
MCS Aerocarga emerged in 2015 through the joint participation between MCS Holding Cargo Services and Grupo TUM, based on operations at Mexico City International Airport, in order to generate a regular air cargo service taking advantage of the logistics network of both companies. Previously, MCS Holding Cargo Services operated air cargo through other airlines such as Volaris Carga and Lufthansa. However, excess baggage and the delay or cancellation of commercial flights with passengers made it difficult to transport express cargo, so in association With Grupo TUM and its close relationship with FedEx, it began the creation of a cargo airline, which entered service with a Bombardier CRJ-100 in July 2015.
The airline acquired two more Bombardiers CRJ-100 aircraft during 2015, and a CRJ-200 aircraft in 2017. By January 2018 the airline changed its name to TUM AeroCarga and in July of that same year it acquired a Boeing 737-300 converted to freighter, which was previously in service with Air Costa Rica.
Due to the difficulties with the allocation of slots at Mexico City International Airport, the airline moved its operations to Toluca Airport in May 2017, allowing for greater punctuality in the itineraries and greater efficiency in cargo operations.
In 2021, TUM Aerocarga is planning on starting a new low-cost airline named VLU. The new airline would operate 5 Bombardier CRJ-200 aircraft and be based out of Toluca International Airport.
Fleet
As of March 2022, TUM Aerocarga had 12 airplanes, with an average age of 27.5 years:
Destinations
TUM Aerocarga currently serves 25 destinations in 7 routes
References
External links
MCS Holding
Grupo TUM
Cargo airlines of Mexico
Alexander Zickler (born 28 February 1974) is a German retired footballer who played as a striker.
He spent 12 years of his professional career with Bayern Munich, appearing in more than 300 official games and winning 19 major titles, notably seven Bundesliga championships and the 2001 Champions League. He also played six years in Austria with two clubs.
Zickler was a German international for four years, but did not attend any major international tournament.
Club career
Dynamo Dresden
Born in Bad Salzungen, East Germany, Zickler began his career with Dynamo Dresden, having joined the club's youth system in 1980 as a six-year-old.
In the 1992–93 season, he played with the first team in the Bundesliga, making his debut in the competition on 23 October 1992 in a 1–2 home loss against 1. FC Nürnberg and eventually helping them narrowly avoid relegation.
Bayern Munich
In July 1993, Zickler transferred to FC Bayern Munich for €1,187,300, initially playing with the reserves. From his second season onwards he became a first-team regular, helping the Bavarians capture seven German championships and four German cups, adding the 1996 UEFA Europa League (eight games and two assists from the player during the campaign).
Zickler played in 24 league games – scoring three goals – in 2000–01 as Bayern won the league. In the campaign's UEFA Champions League final, against Valencia CF, he entered the game as a substitute and successfully converted his penalty kick in the shootout, which ended in win. During his time in the top flight, he broke the record as the highest goal-scoring substitute of all-time, scoring 18 times in 102 appearances off the bench; however, his career was often hampered by injuries and medical conditions: in 2002, he had surgery to remove a tumor from his right shin bone which caused him to miss out on participation in the 2002 FIFA World Cup. One year later, he was again hospitalized with a break in his previously operated leg, followed by another shin break only a few days before the start of 2003–04.
Shortly before his return into Bayern's first team, Zickler broke his shin for the third time while playing with Bayern Munich II.
Austria
In June 2005, Zickler tried his chances at Austrian Bundesliga's FC Red Bull Salzburg, signing on a "performance-related" deal alongside former Bayern teammate Thomas Linke. In his first season, he helped the club to the second position, adding nine goals in 31 matches.
In the 2006–07 campaign, in the return leg of the Champions League second qualifying round, Zickler scored through a penalty to give the Red Bulls a 2–0 victory over FC Zürich and advance them into the next stage, where they lost to Valencia. On 30 November 2006, he was voted the APA Footballer of the Year by the league's managers, and finished the domestic campaign with 22 goals (a competition best), being instrumental, with Linke, in the side's national league conquest.
In the 2010 off-season, Zickler joined fellow league club LASK Linz as a free agent. He made his debut on 21 August, replacing Florian Hart in the 61st minute in a 0–2 away defeat against FC Wacker Innsbruck.
On 25 September 2010, Zickler scored his first and only goal for LASK, in a 3–3 draw at SV Mattersburg. He retired from football at the end of 2010–11 aged 37, as his team also suffered relegation.
International career
Zickler was capped 12 times for Germany. He made his debut on 18 November 1998, coming on as a substitute for Mario Basler in a 1–1 draw against the Netherlands. On 16 August 2000, he scored his first international goal(s), netting twice in a 4–1 friendly victory over Spain, in Hannover.
Zickler made his final appearance for the national team on 11 October 2002 in a 1–1 away friendly draw against Bosnia and Herzegovina, retiring from international football later in that year.
International goals
Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga: 1993–94, 1996–97, 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01, 2002–03, 2004–05
DFB-Pokal: 1997–98, 1999–2000, 2002–03, 2004–05; Runner-up 1998–99
DFB-Ligapokal: 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2004
UEFA Champions League: 2000–01
UEFA Cup: 1995–96
Intercontinental Cup: 2001
Red Bull Salzburg
Austrian Football Bundesliga: 2006–07, 2008–09, 2009–10
Individual
Austrian Football Bundesliga: Topscorer 2006–07, 2007–08
Austrian Footballer of the Year: 2005–06
Austrian Footballers Association Player of the Year: 2006–07
References
External links
Germany stats at Eu-Football
1974 births
Living people
People from Bad Salzungen
People from Bezirk Suhl
German footballers
Footballers from Thuringia
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
Dynamo Dresden players
FC Bayern Munich II players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
LASK players
Germany international footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
German expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
German expatriate sportspeople in Austria
UEFA Champions League winning players
UEFA Cup winning players
Borussia Mönchengladbach non-playing staff
Association football coaches
The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.
Ph through Py
References
External links
Last Names starting with P – Baseball-Reference.com
Ph-Pz
Chen Aharoni (; also known as Chen and also transliterated as Hen Aharoni; born in Holon, Israel on 12 April 1990) is an Israeli singer-songwriter, musician and television presenter
Career
Kokhav Nolad (2007)
He came into fame after taking part in 2007 in season 5 of Kokhav Nolad ( meaning A Star Is Born) structured on the international Idol series. He was eliminated after a showdown with Shlomi Bar'el before the finals. Aharoni finished 4th overall, with Bar'el ending up third. The 2007 title was won by Bo'az Ma'uda with Marina Maximilian Blumin as runner-up.
Solo career
After Kokhav Nolad, Chen Aharoni went on to sign a deal with the Israeli record label NMC Music and gaining popularity.
While Chen made musical performances throughout Israel, he started hosting TV show called "Ra'ash" (meaning noise in Hebrew) on the Israeli music channel Music 24 for 2 seasons. In August 2008 he was drafted into the Israeli army (IDF).
In 2009, he started to release singles from his forthcoming debut album. The self-titled debut album Chen Aharoni (חן אהרוני) was released on 23 December 2010 and received critical acclaim. Yedioth Ahronoth in its Entertainment Plus special supplement published on the occasion of the Hebrew New Year picked the album as one of the Top 10 best albums of the year 2010–2011 alongside names like Dudu Tasa, Berry Sakharof and Noam Rotem.
He has had many successful hits including No.1 on the Israeli singles chart with "Neshima" () a duet with Israeli singer Esti Ginzburg. He reached No. 2 with his co-authored song "Kol ma SheRatziti" () and scored a second No. 1 hit in his career with "Mami" (), from the Israeli rock opera Mami.
On 26 June 2011, Chen's first single from his upcoming album was released. It was entitled "Holech Le'sham" ( meaning: Go there) Chen's second album Nosea Rahok () was released in October 2012 and got positive reviews. Three songs from this record have topped the 10 Israeli music charts. On 17 October 2012, Chen opened his official "Nosea Rachok Tour" that will tour all around Israel.
Kdam Eurovision (2011)
On 8 March 2011, Chen Aharoni took part in the Kdam Eurovision selection contest finals for the Israeli entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany with the song "Or" ( meaning Light) written by Sahar Hagai and Nitzan Kaykov finishing fourth with 142 points, with Dana International winning the contest with 270 points with "Ding Dong".
The UK X Factor (2013)
In 2013 he entered the tenth series of the United Kingdom version of The X Factor.
In the room auditions of X Factor, he sang Taylor Swift's "I Knew You Were Trouble", got 4 yeses and reaching the Arena stage of live auditions, where he sang Take That song "Back for Good" mixed with Cher Lloyd's "Want U Back" as back track. He got 3 yes votes from Nicole Scherzinger, Sharon Osbourne and Louis Walsh, with Gary Barlow from Take That being the only dissenting vote. Aharoni reached the bootcamp stage, where he sang "Drive By" alongside candidates Lee Lambert and Ryan Davies. All including Aharoni were sent home by their mentor Louis Walsh. He failed to make it to "judges' houses" (final 24) with Walsh claiming that he was just OK, but not sufficient to be included in his category.
Following his elimination in the UK competition, it was announced later in 2013 that Chen will be hosting the Israeli version of The Xtra Factor (in Hebrew: מבזק האקס) on an Israeli channel.
Crazy EP international English release (2013–2014)
On 14 October 2013 Chen released his first English-language single "Crazy" for Pre-order on iTunes. The song picked to No. 3 on the Israeli songs chart and officially released on 20 October 2013. The follow-up single from the EP was "Love Suicide" that topped the iTunes downloads chart for a full week.
HaKokhav HaBa (2017-2018)
Aharoni is competing in the fifth season of the show HaKokhav HaBa L'Eurovizion (meaning "The Next Star for Eurovision"), in a bid to represent Israel in 2018 Eurovision Song Contest. The qualification show started in October 2017 and hosted by Assi Azar and Rotem Sela and a judging panel composed of Asaf Amdursky, Keren Peles, Harel Skaat (2010 Israeli Eurovision entrant) and Static & Ben-El Tavori. All shows in the competition are broadcast on Channel 2 and Keshet 12 as well as online via mako.co.il.
Chen Aharoni auditioned to episode 2 of the show broadcast on 31 October 2017 with an interpretation of the Miley Cyrus song "Wrecking Ball". He got approval of all four judges and an approval rating of 94% being the second highest approval rate among the 25 candidates with only Yafit Casay exceeding him with a 95% score. Aharoni moved to the promotion round as part of final 20 contestants.
In Heat 2, broadcast on 7 and 8 January 2018, he sang "Can't Feel My Face" from The Weeknd. He again got approval of all five judges and an approval rating of 80% advancing to Heat 5 broadcast on 22 January 2018 where he was coupled with Jonathan Mergui singing "Locked Out of Heaven" from Bruno Mars again getting approval from all four judges and a 92% score advancing to the quarter finals
In the quarter finals on 4 and 7 February, he sang "Rokedet" getting approval of three of the four judges with Assaf Amdursky abstaining. However he got 71% approval advancing to the semi-final where he sang "Bang Bang" from Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj on 8 and 11 February, with all four judges approving and a public vote of 86%, the second highest rate for the semi-final.
Reaching the final alongside three other finalists Jonathan Mergui, Riki Ben Ari and Netta Barzilai on 13 February 2018, he sang his own hit "Neshima" getting approval of all four judges. But his public vote was 72%, the lowest of the finalists plus he got positive endorsement from only one judge (Ben El Tavori) and was eliminated. The final was won by Netta Barzilai, who went on to represent Israel in the 2018 Eurovision Song Contest.
In popular culture
He was chosen for an anti-drug youth public awareness campaign by .
For two seasons, he hosted "Ra'ash" (meaning noise in Hebrew), a TV show on the Israeli music channel Music 24.
He also took part in the Israeli version of the reality series Treasure Island ("").
Aharoni was picked as one of the Top 100 stars in Israel in the celebrity and lifestyle magazine Top 1 (in Hebrew ראש1). He was also picked in the Top 20 in Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth listing.
Personal life
On 22 June 2011 Chen Aharoni finished his military service in the Israeli Army (IDF) after being drafted in August 2008. During his military service, he served in the Armored Corps as injuries coordinator and instructor at a medical complex in Tel HaShomer. He also took part in the annual festival of the Friends of the Israel Defense Forces which is held in the Yarkon Park in Tel Aviv. He came out as pansexual on the first day of 2019.
Discography
Albums
2010: Chen Aharoni ()
Chen Aharoni is the debut self-titled album of Israeli singer Chen Aharoni released in 2010. A highly successful album for the participant in the Israeli reality show Kokhav Nolad, five singles were released from the album concerned, one of them, namely "Neshima" a song with Esti Ginzburg making it to the top of the Israeli Singles Chart and another "Kol ma SheRatziti" making it to #2 in the same charts.
Track list
Bonus
Singles from the album
2009: "Ba'Rekhov" ( ברחוב – In the street) – by Sahar kHagai and Nitzan Kaykov (#7)
2010: "Neshima" (with Esti Ginzburg) ( נשימה (עם אסתי גינזבורג) – Breathing) – by Sahar Hagai and Nitzan Kaykov (#1)
2010: "Boi boi" ( בואי בואי – Come come) – by Sahar kHagai and Nitzan Kaykov
2010: "La'avor Et HaPakhad" ( לעבור את הפחד – To get through the fear) – by Tom Rahav and Ran Haros (#15)
2010: "Kol Ma SheRatziti" ( כל מה שרציתי – All I ever wanted) – by Chen Aharoni and Meital Patash-Cohen (#2)
2012: Nosea Rahok ()
Nosea Rahok (Hebrew: נוסע רחוק, lit. Traveling Far Away) is the second studio album of Israeli singer Chen Aharoni released in October 2012. A successful album for the participant in the Israeli reality show Kokhav Nolad, five singles were released from the album concerned, one of them, namely "Mami" reached the top of the Israeli Singles Chart.
Track list
Bonus
Singles from the album
Five of the tracks were released as singles, with peak positions in Israel in parenthesis).
2011: "Holekh Le'Sham" (Holech Le'sham – Go there)
2011: "Mami" (מאמי –Sweetie) (#1)
2011: "Nose'a Rakhoq" (נוסע רחוק – Traveling far away) (#5)
2012: "Mashehu Khaser" (משהו חסר – Something missing)
2012: "Khamesh Daqot" (חמש דקות – Five minutes) (#7)
EPs
2014: Crazy EP
Singles
References
External links
Chen Aharoni on YouTube
1990 births
Living people
21st-century Israeli male singers
Israeli pop singers
Kokhav Nolad contestants
People from Holon
The X Factor (British TV series) contestants
LGBT singers from Israel
LGBT Jews
Pansexual musicians
21st-century LGBT people
Eleanor Axson Sayre (March 26, 1916 – May 12, 2001) was an American curator, art historian, and a specialist on the works of Goya. She was the first woman to serve as departmental curator at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. Working as curator of prints and drawings, she collected Goya's etchings from museums around the world to catalogue and create international exhibits. She was awarded a knighthood with the Lazo de Dama in the Order of Isabella the Catholic by Spain in 1975 and the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts in 1991.
Early life
Eleanor Axson Sayre was born on March 26, 1916 at Jefferson Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Jessie Woodrow (née Wilson) and Francis Bowes Sayre, Sr. She was the granddaughter of President Woodrow Wilson, who served as her godfather at her christening on 11 November 1916 at St. John's Protestant Episcopal Church in Williamstown, Massachusetts. Her mother was active with the YWCA and women's rights organizations, while her father was a law professor at Harvard Law School and later the Assistant Secretary of State, under President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and a diplomat. When she was three years old, the family relocated from Williamstown to Cambridge, Massachusetts and then in 1923, moved to Siam, where Sayre's father worked as an advisor to the Siamese government, until 1929, when they returned to Cambridge. She studied art at Bryn Mawr College, graduating with a bachelor's degree in 1938. While looking for a summer job, after graduation, Sayre interviewed with Paul J. Sachs at Harvard University's Fogg Art Museum and was hired to work in the print department. Finding that she enjoyed working with prints, Sayer enrolled in graduate courses at Harvard, where she studied for two years under Sachs. She also developed an interest in Goya when Philip Hofer, founder of Harvard's department of printing and graphic arts suggested she might find the artist interesting.
Career
Sayre began her career at the Yale University Art Gallery and in 1942 continued her career with a brief post at the Lyman Allyn Museum in New London, Connecticut. That same year, she was hired as an assistant curator in the education department and worked at the Rhode Island School of Design Museum in Providence. In 1945, she joined the staff of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, working under Henry Rossiter. In 1951 when Rossiter bought the proofs of Goya's series The Disasters of War, which had at one time been owned by Sir William Stirling-Maxwell, 9th Baronet, Sayre began studying the prints. In 1954, she secured a grant from the American Philosophical Society to conduct research in Spain on Goya's prints. Five years later, in 1959, she identified "the earliest known drawing by Goya" in a folio containing what had been tagged as sporting prints from England.
In 1960, Sayre was promoted to assistant curator of prints and drawings and in 1963, she was awarded a Ford Foundation grant to return to Spain to make further study of Goya's works. That same year, she identified a Goya miniature and was able to authenticate its pedigree, prompting the MFA to purchase the piece. In 1967, she became the curator of prints and drawings when Rossiter retired, making her the first woman to head a department at the Museum since it was founded 97 years earlier. With her staff of six employees, Sayer aimed to improve the holdings of the museum. Among exhibits which she prepared were 300 Dürer prints from the collection of Tomás Harris and a collection of Rembrandt prints. Beginning in the 1970s, she taught print seminars at Harvard and in 1971 wrote Late Caprichos by Goya: Fragments from a Series, as her commentary and notes on a series of works by Goya. She developed an innovative exchange with Hugh MacAndrew from the Ashmolean Museum, where the two spent 1975 living in each other's homes and working each other's careers.
That same year, Sayre assembled an exhibition of 255 Goya works called The Changing Image: Prints by Francisco Goya which illustrated how the artist developed an idea from the preliminary study of a subject through the final printed version. To create the exhibit, she joined holdings from the Boston MFA with drawings from Madrid's Museo del Prado and proofs borrowed from the Art Institute of Chicago, the Biblioteca Nacional de España, and the British Museum. Included were the graphic images of the devastation of war in the series called Disasters, his prints depicting vices plaguing Spain which were called Caprichos (capriciousness), the series demonstrating the absurdity of humanity named Disparates (nonsense), and his works recording the history of the bullfight, known as Tauromaquia. The traveling exhibit was presented at various international museums, including the National Gallery of Canada and the Lang Gallery of Claremont Colleges, near Los Angeles, California. In appreciation of her scholarship on Goya, Sayre was awarded the Lazo de Dama of the Order of Isabella the Catholic from the Spanish crown in 1975.
In 1977, Sayre curated an exhibit on Beatrix Potter, combining drawings and book illustrations with a mini-zoo, provided by the Boston park system. Retiring in 1984, she continued to support the MFA as curator emeritus, organizing Goya and the Spirit of Enlightenment in 1989 for the museum. Once again, calling on worldwide museums, such as the Prado and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, she worked with Alfonso Pérez Sánchez, director of the Prado, to create the scholarly catalogue and exhibit featuring 200 of Goya's works. The catalogue explored how Goya's images serve to reflect the philosophical and political realities of his time. In 1991, she was awarded the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts by Juan Carlos I, King of Spain.
Death and legacy
Sayre died in her home at Cambridge, Massachusetts on May 12, 2001. She was known during her lifetime as the "foremost American authority on Goya's graphic work".
References
Citations
Bibliography
and
and
External links
Oral History Interview of Sayre by Robert F. Brown, for the Smithsonian's Archives of American Art
1916 births
2001 deaths
People from Philadelphia
People from Cambridge, Massachusetts
Bryn Mawr College alumni
Harvard University alumni
American art curators
American women curators
Recipients of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Woodrow Wilson family
20th-century American women
American art historians
Women art historians
Historians from Pennsylvania
Historians from Massachusetts
American women historians
20th-century American people
In 1911, James McKinley, an alderman on Edmonton City Council, resigned his position to protest the firing of two city commissioners. A by-election to fill the vacancy he left was scheduled for August 14 of that year. McKinley himself was a candidate, as was Thomas Bellamy. Bellamy defeated McKinely by a count of 966 votes to 576.
References
City of Edmonton: Edmonton Elections
1911
1911 elections in Canada
1911 in Alberta
Umapur is a village in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Demographics
Per the 2011 Census of India, Umapur has a total population of 1148; of whom 593 are male and 555 female.
Uma Maheshwara Temple
Umapur is famous for the ancient 12th century Uma Maheshwara Temple, built during the chalukyan reign located in the village.
Transport
Umapur is 16 km from Taluka headquarter Basavakalyan. It is well connected by road to Basavakalyan. Nearest major railway station is in Bidar.
See also
Aurad
Basavakalyan
Humnabad
Bidar
References
External links
http://bidar.nic.in/
Villages in Bidar district
Western Chalukya Empire
Chalukya dynasty
Prifinium bromide is a pharmaceutical drug used primarily in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome due to its action as an anticholinergic.
Prifinium bromide's mechanism of action is believed to be due to its activity as an antispasmodic agent.
Prifinium bromide is an antimuscarinic.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Pyrrolidines
Alkene derivatives
Emerald of the East is a 1929 British adventure film directed by and featuring Jean de Kuharski. It also starred Joshua Kean, Mary Odette and Lya Delvelez. It was based on a novel by Jerbanu Kothawala. It was one of a growing number of British films to be set in India during the era.
Plot
In India, British troops attempt to rescue the kidnapped son of a Maharaja.
Cast
Joshua Kean as Lt. Desmond Armstrong
Mary Odette as Nellum
Jean de Kuharski as Maharajah Rujani
Lya Delvelez as The Maharanee
Gillian Dean as Evelyn Gordon
Maria Forescu as The Chieftainess
Kenneth Rive as Maharaj Kumar
Promotha Bose as Vaghi
References
Bibliography
Lahiri, Shompa. Indians in Britain: Anglo-Indian encounters, race and identity, 1880-1930. Frank Casss, 2000.
Low, Rachel. The History of British Film: Volume IV, 1918–1929. Routledge, 1997.
External links
1929 films
British adventure films
1929 adventure films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
1920s English-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Films set in India
Films set in the British Raj
British silent feature films
British black-and-white films
1920s British films
Silent adventure films
Benjamín Félix Hernández Ruiz is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. In 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Oaxaca.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Oaxaca
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Oaxaca
Salvia cavaleriei is an herb that is native to Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Shaanxi, Sichuan, and Yunnan provinces in China, growing in forests, on hillsides, and streamsides at elevation. S. cavaleriei is a short, robust plant reaching tall. Inflorescences are widely spaced 2–6 flowered verticillasters in terminal racemes or panicles, with a blue-purple to purple-red or white corolla that is approximately .
There are three named varieties. In addition to variation in leaf shape and size, they have the following flower colors:
S. cavaleriei var. cavaleriei is blue-purple or purple.
S. cavaleriei var. erythrophylla is dark purple or white.
S. cavaleriei var. simplicifolia is purple or purple-red.
References
cavaleriei
Flora of China
The Al Sadiq Mosque (or Wabash Mosque) was commissioned in 1922 in the Bronzeville neighborhood in city of Chicago. The Al-Sadiq Mosque is one of America's earliest built mosques and the oldest standing mosque in the country today. This mosque was funded with the money predominantly donated by African-American Ahmadi Muslim converts.
Chicago Muslim Mission
Mufti Muhammad Sadiq arrived in America on February 15, 1920, and established 1921 the Headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. Muhammad Sadiq started a monthly magazine called The Muslim Sunrise, which contained articles on Islam, contemporary issues of conscience and the names of new converts. This magazine still exists. Muhammad Sadiq attracted a thousand of converts in his short stay in America, most notably in Detroit and Chicago between 1922 and 1923.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community continued to grow and established more than 40 missions through America. Four Ahmadi mosques can be found in the region today, with demographics that are a mixture of African-American, Indo-Pakistani, White, and Latino. Chicago served as the movement's national headquarters until 1950, when it were moved to the American Fazl Mosque in Washington, D.C. In 1994 the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community's USA headquarters were moved to Masjid Bait ur Rahman in Silver Spring, MD.
See also
List of mosques in the Americas
Lists of mosques
List of mosques in the United States
References
Further reading
Ahmadiyya Muslim Mosques Around the World – A Pictorial Presentation (Khilafat Centenary Edition) by the USA Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, , pg. 291
''Al-Nahl Special Issue on Dr. Mufti Muhammad Sadiq'
External links
Mosque Info
1922 establishments in Illinois
Ahmadiyya mosques in the United States
Mosques in Illinois
Religious buildings and structures in Chicago
Mosques completed in 1922
Matthias Lanzinger (born December 9, 1980) is an Austrian retired alpine skier from Abtenau, Salzburg.
In 2000 he was the Junior World Champion, and took the overall Europa Cup title in 2004. He finished third in the Super-G World Cup at Beaver Creek on December 1, 2005. This was his only podium in the World Cup. Following his accident and leg amputation, he became a Paralympian.
Leg amputation after fall
On Sunday March 2, 2008 during a World Cup Super-G run at Kvitfjell in Norway, Lanzinger crashed into a gate, tumbling down the steep slope. A contributing factor to the severity of the injury was the fact that the release mechanism on one of his ski bindings did not trigger immediately. The reason therefore was that his leg, already broken, did not provide the resistance needed to open the mechanism. He sustained an open fracture of one leg. He was first transported off the slope using a sled, then flown using a private helicopter (quickly refitted to allow his transport) first to Lillehammer hospital where surgery was performed, then on to Ullevål University Hospital in Oslo by ambulance helicopter for a new surgery due to problems with the blood circulation in the leg. On Tuesday morning, after the third surgery, the second one for restoring blood circulation to his left leg, the doctors announced that it would have to be amputated below the knee. After surgery by Dr. Thomas Hölzenbein, his condition was described as "stable", and it was affirmed that Lanzinger "could have died" without the amputation because the leg was virtually dead below the knee. The treatment of Lanzinger's injury during the first hours has been criticized, and some comments have held that a better attention to the blood circulation in an early time could have saved Lanzinger's leg. The security of the slope in Kvitfjell has also been criticized. The Austrian ski federation has stated that they will continue to support Lanzinger both personally and publicly.
In 2010, the Norwegian patient advocacy found that Lanzinger had not received adequate treatment for his injuries, and was entitled to monetary compensation from Ullevål University Hospital.
Paralympian
Upon leaving hospital after his amputation, Lanzinger initially intended to put an end to his skiing career, and studied marketing. He subsequently resumed training, however, with his coach Manuel Hujara, within the field of disabled sports. He qualified as part of Austria's delegation to the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, to compete in Alpine skiing (in the standing category). He took two silver medals at the Games in the Super G and the Combined. Lanzinger announced his retirement during the 2015 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships, where he took silver medals in the Downhill and Super G and bronzes in the Giant Slalom and Super Combined.
Personal life
Lanzinger has been with his wife, Eva, since 1999. They have two children.
References
External links
Austrian male alpine skiers
Living people
1980 births
Sportspeople from Salzburg
Austrian amputees
Amputee sportspeople
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Paralympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Paralympics
Paralympic alpine skiers of Austria
Paralympic silver medalists for Austria
Austrian disabled sportspeople
Paralympic medalists in alpine skiing
Sing is an American CGI-animated musical franchise created by Garth Jennings and produced by Illumination. It features the voice talents of Matthew McConaughey, Reese Witherspoon, Scarlett Johansson, Nick Kroll, Taron Egerton, and Tori Kelly among others. The first film, Sing, was released on December 21, 2016 and received positive reviews from critics. The second film, Sing 2, was released on December 22, 2021. The series has grossed $1 billion worldwide.
The franchise takes place in a world inhabited by talking, anthromorphic animals. It follows a koala, who with the help of other animals, puts on live theater shows that largely encompass singing.
Films
Sing (2016)
In an attempt to save his theater, a koala named Buster Moon decides to hold a singing competition to get it out of debt.
Sing 2 (2021)
Buster Moon and his gang now have their sights set on debuting a new show at the Crystal Tower Theater in glamorous Redshore City. But without connections, he and his singers must convince the ruthless media mogul Jimmy Crystal and pitch the idea of casting the lion rock legend Clay Calloway in their show. Buster must embark on a quest to find the now-reclusive Clay and persuade him to return to the stage.
Short films
Gunter Babysits (2017)
Included as a mini-movie on Sing's home media release, the short focuses around Gunter who offers to watch over Rosita and Norman's piglets while they are away, but quickly finds himself way in over his head.
Love at First Sight (2017)
Included as a mini-movie on Sing's home media release, the short focuses around Miss Crawly who is set up on an online dating website by Johnny in which she attempts to find love.
Eddie's Life Coach (2017)
Included as a mini-movie on Sing's home media release, the short focuses around Eddie Noodleman, who partakes in a digital life-training seminar on behalf of his mother or else he will be kicked out.
For Gunter's Eyes Only (2022)
Included as a mini-movie on Sing 2's home media release, the short focuses around Johnny and Gunter who attend a hypnotist show in Redshore City where Gunter is hypnotized and believes he is a secret agent.
Animal Attraction (2022)
Included as a mini-movie on Sing 2's home media release, the short focuses around Darius who is filming a commercial while awaiting confirmation on an audition, but is consistently getting things wrong.
Cast and crew
Cast
List indicator(s)
A dark gray cell indicates the character did not appear in that installment.
A indicates an actor or actress was not credited for their role.
A indicates an actor or actress voiced a younger version of their character.
Crew
Reception
Box office performance
Critical and public response
References
American film series
Film series introduced in 2016
English-language films
Animated film series
Children's film series
Universal Pictures franchises
Illumination (company) franchises
Comedy franchises
Comedy film series
Musical film series
Duke Nukem: Critical Mass is a shooter game developed by Frontline Studios and published by Deep Silver and Apogee Software, LLC for the Nintendo DS. A version for the PlayStation Portable began development, however was never released.
Story
The Earth Defense Forces attempts to ensure the Earth's continued security by monitoring the future with the help of their own time machine, but both their agent and a special team sent there have been confirmed MIA. Knowing something is wrong, General Graves sends in the famous Duke Nukem.
Gameplay
Duke Nukem: Critical Mass is largely a run and gun shooter game, however, several different game modes are available throughout the game. There are first-person shooting sequences when the player picks up a sniper rifle, and several third-person and top-down shooting elements. The boss battles are presented in pure third-person shooter gameplay. The game includes about 36 levels, many different weapon types, enemies, and bosses.
Development
Duke Nukem: Critical Mass was originally going to be released on the PSP as well, and be a part of a planned trilogy of games. Rumors of a Duke Nukem title on PlayStation Portable and DS began spreading in early 2008, and in July of that year, license holder Apogee Software, LLC released a teaser trailer for the then-planned Duke Nukem Trilogy, confirming the game's existence. In March 2009, Apogee attended the Game Developers Conference and showed the game off to GameSpot, which released a short video of some of the gameplay recorded on a handheld camera. Duke was seen running around a city landscape from a third-person perspective in the PSP version of the game, and platforming through an environment while confined to a side-scroller style path on the DS version. In the interview, the fall of 2009 was said to be the target release period for both versions of the game. This event was followed by several updates about the game's progress by Apogee on Twitter during the following months, including one in which the voice recording sessions for the game with Duke Nukem voice actor Jon St. John were confirmed to have gone successfully.
The three games would have what Apogee calls "multi-mode", where players switch between third-person over the shoulder, first-person, isometric, and side-scrolling views. A four-minute trailer was shown at E3 2008, in which there is no gameplay footage, but rather a series of logos and game-related art. A video that contains screenshots from both the DS and PSP versions, as well as a video with gameplay from both versions, was released in March 2009. A PlayStation Portable version entitled Duke Nukem Trilogy: Critical Mass was developed but was cancelled. The DS and PSP versions were going to be unique games unified by the same basic story. The games announced to be included in the trilogy are Duke Nukem: Critical Mass, Duke Nukem: Chain Reaction, and Duke Nukem: Proving Grounds. The company announced that the first game in the trilogy Duke Nukem: Critical Mass was released for the DS in Europe on April 8, 2011.
On October 29, 2010, developer Frontline Studios released news that Critical Mass for both platforms would no longer carry the Duke Nukem license and be renamed "Extraction Point: Alien Shootout". However, on March 23, 2011, Apogee Software announced that they never lost the license and would release Duke Nukem: Critical Mass for the Nintendo DS on April 8, 2011 in Europe, June 6, 2011 in North America and July 7, 2011 in Australia.
The source code of the unreleased PSP game was discovered in 2014 to be preserved at the Library of Congress. It was later leaked to the public on April 4, 2022.
Reception
Duke Nukem: Critical Mass received "generally unfavorable" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
References
External links
2011 video games
Video games developed in Poland
Cancelled PlayStation Portable games
Duke Nukem
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Apocalyptic video games
Alien invasions in video games
Video games set in the United States
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Deep Silver games
Video games set in New York City
Video games set in Nevada
Video games set in Los Angeles
Video games set in Tokyo
Video games set in Egypt
Video games set in the Las Vegas Valley
Video games set in London
Video games set in Washington, D.C.
Video games set in Paris
Suzanne Davis may refer to:
Suzanne Davis (pianist) (born 1953), American jazz pianist
Suzanne Davis (actress) (born 1978), American comedian and actress
Suzanne Davis (figure skater) (1912–1991), American figure skater
Suzanne Allison Davis, president of Greenville University
The Europe/Africa Zone is one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1988.
In the Europe/Africa Zone there are two different tiers, called groups, in which teams compete against each other to advance to the upper tier. The winner in the Africa Zone Group II advanced to the Europe/Africa Zone Group I in 1989.
Participating nations
Draw
are promoted to Group I in 1989.
First round
Ghana vs. Kenya
Second round
Zimbabwe vs. Cameroon
Ivory Coast vs. Algeria
Tunisia vs. Morocco
Egypt vs. Kenya
Third round
Ivory Coast vs. Zimbabwe
Morocco vs. Egypt
Fourth round
Zimbabwe vs. Egypt
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone
Africa Zone Group II
The 2004 Under-16 European Promotion Cup for Women was the third edition of the basketball European Promotion Cup for U16 women's teams, today known as FIBA U16 Women's European Championship Division C. It was played in Andorra la Vella, Andorra, from 20 to 24 July 2004. Luxembourg women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
References
2004
2004–05 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
Sports competitions in Andorra la Vella
FIBA
Young Bond is a series of young adult spy novels featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond as a young teenage boy attending school at Eton College in the 1930s. The series, written by Charlie Higson, was originally planned to include only five novels; however, after the release of the fifth novel, Higson considered the possibility of a second series. In October 2013 it was confirmed that a second series of four novels was in development, with the first novel due for release in Q3 2014, but it would be penned by Steve Cole while Higson continued work on his young adult zombie series, The Enemy.
Since the release of the first novel, SilverFin, in 2005, the series has become very successful and has led to further works including games, a graphic novel and a supplemental travel guide.
English-language versions of the books are published by Puffin Books in the United Kingdom and Hyperion Books For Children in the United States.
Charlie Higson's books
According to Charlie Higson, Ian Fleming Publications initially planned for him to only write one novel and that every subsequent novel would be written by a rotating author. This plan fell apart and Higson agreed to author future books in the series. However, following Higson's five books, subsequent books have been authored by author Steve Cole.
Main series
SilverFin (2005): In 1933, thirteen-year-old James Bond arrives at Eton College for boys for the first time to continue his schooling. There, he meets an American bully and his arms dealing father, Lord Randolph Hellebore. While on Easter break, Bond's adventure continues in the Highlands of Scotland. Teaming up with Red Kelly, James finally reaches a castle and a loch and discovers a deadly secret.
Blood Fever (2006): In 1933, James Bond is back at Eton where he is now a member of a secret risk-taking club known as the Danger Society. When summer vacation arrives, Bond goes on a field trip to the Italian island of Sardinia where he stays with his much older cousin Victor. While there, James investigates a Roman secret society known as the Millenaria that has planned throughout history to restore the Roman Empire. It seems the Millenaria are still active and are led by the sinister Count Ugo Carnifex.
Double or Die (2007): The third Young Bond novel is set entirely in England during Christmas and finds James searching for a missing schoolmaster in the darkest corners of London. The book involves Russian spies attempting to build an early computer. The title of the book was chosen by fans via an online poll and kept secret until the day of publication.
Hurricane Gold (2007): The fourth Young Bond novel, Hurricane Gold, is set in Mexico and the Caribbean. The book was released on 6 September 2007 in the UK. The plot is centred on Bond trying to foil the robbery of a team of professional criminals, only to end up following them around Mexico and eventually to a mysterious Caribbean island called Lagrimas Negras. The book contains many references to Mayan mythology and much of the end is focused on it.
By Royal Command (2008) : The fifth Young Bond novel was released in the UK on 3 September 2008. In this book, James Bond falls in love with his Irish maid, Roan. Bond leaves Eton College due to the incident with the maid, as mentioned in Ian Fleming's novel You Only Live Twice. This book is set in multiple European countries including Austria, England, France, Germany and Switzerland. The Royal Family and the British secret service also play a part in the plot (revealing that Bond's tutor is a British spy).
Supplementary books
The Young Bond Rough Guide to London, Puffin Books/Rough Guides (2007)
64-page booklet featuring London locations from Double or Die.
Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier, Puffin Books (2009)
Complete and definitive guide to the world and adventures of Young Bond. It includes the Young Bond short story "A Hard Man to Kill" by Charlie Higson. Release date: 29 October 2009.
Short story
An original Young Bond short story by Charlie Higson titled "A Hard Man to Kill" was published in the companion book Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier on 29 October 2009. The story is set between the books Hurricane Gold and By Royal Command and involves Young Bond travelling back to London aboard the French ocean liner SS Colombie. An extract from the story appeared in some later paperback editions of By Royal Command. It is the longest James Bond short story yet written.
Steve Cole's books
On 9 October 2013 Ian Fleming Publications announced that a new series of four Young Bond books were in development, written by Astrosaurs creator, Steve Cole. Cole's novels will follow on from Higson's last entry, By Royal Command and the aftermath of Bond's expulsion from Eton. The first novel will be published in the UK by Random House in the autumn of 2014. A lifelong fan of the original Bond novels, Cole described the task as "a thrilling privilege and an exciting challenge".
In an interview with the Bucks Herald, Cole confirmed that Bond would be 14–15 years old in his novels and that the books would show how the adult Bond was formed. As part of the process for securing the position, Cole was tasked with creating a pitch for a story arc that would stretch across all four books. In May 2014, it was announced that Cole's book, titled Shoot to Kill would be released on 6 November 2014.
In October 2015 at the Cheltenham Literature Festival in England, Cole revealed the cover art for his second novel in the series, titled Heads You Die, which will be published by an imprint of Random House called Red Fox and the book will be released on 5 May 2016.
In May 2016, Cole's third book in the series is revealed to be titled Strike Lightning, scheduled to come out sometime during Fall later in the year.
In September 2016, the title of Cole's fourth and final Young Bond novel was revealed to be Red Nemesis.
Main series
Shoot to Kill (2014): The sixth Young Bond novel explores the aftermath of Bond's expulsion from Eton, taking him to Hollywood, Los Angeles where he investigates the mystery behind some disturbing film footage discovered by a friend and a fellow adventurer. It's the first book in the series not to be published by Puffin Books but Random House instead in the UK, and was released on 6 November 2014.
Heads You Die (2016): The seventh Young Bond novel sees Bond travelling to Cuba on holiday which turns into a nightmare mission to save an old friend from a villain who has perfected 1,000 ways to kill. With corrupt cops and hired assassins hot on his heels, Bond must travel through Havana and brave Caribbean waters to stop a countdown to mass murder.
Strike Lightning (2016): Set at the end of 1934, while Bond is at Fettes College in Scotland, his father's school. When James stumbles upon a horrific sight, he knows things are not what they seem. His school is determined to make him believe what happened was an accident, but James believes what he saw was murder. The significance of the events at school only come to light in the course of an adventure that takes James across Europe and puts him within range of a warmongering villain. Has James got what it takes to triumph over this man, the worst kind of enemy, who boasts a new kind of weapon?
Red Nemesis (2017): James is on home soil when he receives a package with a message from beyond the grave. The package's mysterious contents put James at the heart of a long-running plot that, if it runs its course, will paint London's streets red with blood. Not only will James have to fight to stay alive and save the country he loves, but to clear the Bond family name, which he holds so dear. The stakes couldn't be higher, and James doesn't know who he can trust . . .
History
Pre-release criticism
Prior to the release of SilverFin, the idea of a Young Bond series had not gone over too well with the fans of the more traditional Bond literature and had come under heavy fire, with some fans comparing it to an unsuccessful 1960s attempt by Bond's publishers to launch a youth-oriented line of fiction that resulted in only one book: The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ written by the pseudonymous R. D. Mascott. There was also a moderately successful James Bond Jr. television series in the early 1990s aimed at children that dealt with Bond's supposed nephew.
John Gardner, who had written fourteen original novels and two novelisations featuring the adult Bond, was also critical of the series prior to the release of the first book. He stated:
It's just the last desperate attempt to draw in a new audience. The films have little to do with the Bond we used to know, and now the books are going the same way.
Higson, for his part, has been on record as stating that he intends to stay true to the backstory Ian Fleming created for Bond, though this in many ways contradicts the popular James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007 by John Pearson.
Post-release reaction
When SilverFin was published in March 2005, reviews of the novel were good. This, in addition to a large marketing campaign in the United Kingdom, elevated SilverFin to the number eight spot on the Booksellers list of best-selling children's books in the UK. By November 2005, SilverFin had already sold 500,000 copies worldwide.
A second book in the Young Bond series, Blood Fever, was released on 5 January 2006 in the UK having been delayed from an initial release in October 2005. The book reached the number one spot on the Booksellers list of best-selling children's books in the UK in its second week of release and held the spot for eleven weeks.
Double or Die, the third book in the series, was released in the UK on 4 January 2007, having had its title announced the day before. The title was voted on in a national poll on the official Young Bond website; the other two titles to choose from were N.E.M.E.S.I.S. and The Deadlock Cipher. After the first three days of Double or Die'''s release it took the number two spot on the Booksellers list of best-selling children's books in the UK and number fourteen in the overall UK Top 50 list. A week later it had climbed to number one on the children's list and the number twelve spot overall.
As of March 2009 the Young Bond novels have sold over 5 million copies and have been translated into 25 languages.
In December 2010 all five Young Bond books were released as eBooks by Ian Fleming Publications.
On 5 May 2011 Puffin Books released two special editions of SilverFinThe five book Young Bond series will be re-released in the UK on 5 April 2012 with all new cover art by Hyperion Books.
US publication
In June 2004 it was announced that the Young Bond series would be published by Miramax Books, then still a part of Disney. The acquisition was announced by Miramax co-chair Harvey Weinstein and Miramax Books president & editor-in-chief Jonathan Burnham. The deal's price tag was not disclosed, but was understood to be in the six-figure range. Miramax, in conjunction with Disney's Hyperion Books for Children label, published SilverFin in 2005 and Blood Fever in 2006. Following Miramax's split from Disney, Ian Fleming Publications struck a new deal for the remaining books with Hyperion Books for Children. This created a gap between publication of the books in the UK and US, with the third book, Double or Die not appearing in the US until April 2008. Book Four, Hurricane Gold, was published by Disney-Hyperion in April 2009. Also in 2009, Disney-Hyperion re-released SilverFin and Blood Fever with new cover art by artist Kev Walker. By Royal Command and SilverFin: The Graphic Novel were released in the US on 18 May 2010.
Other media
Games
With the release of the Hurricane Gold book TAMBA and Fleming media released the Avenue of Death game which is based on one of the chapters in the book.
On 11 August 2008 Puffin Books announced the first Young Bond alternate reality game (ARG), The Shadow War. The online game started on 23 August, when Charlie Higson set the first mission during his appearance at the Edinburgh International Book Festival. In the game, players around the world use a range of media, including the Young Bond books themselves and the World Wide Web, to complete the missions and influence the outcome of the game. Charlie Higson took part in a live online event that concluded the game on 8 October 2008.
Illustrations
On 23 April 2005, Ian Fleming Publications released the first illustration of the thirteen-year-old James Bond drawn by Kev Walker. Walker illustrations have also been used on the covers of the U.S. hardback editions of Blood Fever and Double or Die. Walker also illustrated the SilverFin graphic novel released in the UK on 2 October 2008.
Graphic novels
In 2008, SilverFin: The Graphic Novel, was released as a graphic novel on 2 October 2008 by Puffin Books. The book was written by Charlie Higson and illustrated by renowned comic book artist Kev Walker. It was released by Disney Publishing in the US as both a hardcover and paperback in 2010 and was awarded the 2011 Will Eisner Comic Industry Award the following year.
Movie
Due to the success of SilverFin and Blood Fever'', Hollywood has been interested in adapting these novels to film; however, Ian Fleming Publications and Charlie Higson have said they hope to release a few more books before possibly considering it. Today, it is believed the film rights to James Bond on film reside exclusively with Danjaq, LLC, the parent company of Eon Productions, however, according to Charlie Higson this is not exactly the case.
See also
James Bond Jr.
Alex Rider
Jimmy Coates
CHERUB
Henderson's Boys
Cody Banks
Spy School
Outline of James Bond
References
External links
Young Bond official website
The Young Bond Dossier – Official Young Bond news source
Young Bond coverage on MI6
Young Bond coverage at CommanderBond.net
Book series introduced in 2005
Auktaw is a village in Indaw Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Indaw Township
Honjo-ike-hontei Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.4 km2. The dam impounds about 19 ha of land when full and can store 1600 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1946.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1946 establishments in Japan
Turitea Wind Farm is a 222-megawatt wind farm under construction near Turitea, Palmerston North, New Zealand. The farm is owned and operated by Mercury Energy.
When complete, Turitea will be the largest wind farm by nameplate capacity in New Zealand, overtaking nearby Tararua Wind Farm. Most of the wind farm land is located in the Turitea Reserve. The project was initially planned for 131 wind turbines with a capacity of over 300 MW, while final approval was given for 60 turbines.
History
The wind farm was proposed for both land owned by the Palmerston North City Council and surrounding private farm land. In 2005, and following a competitive bid process, the Council selected Mercury (then called Mighty River Power) to develop the project.
Construction of the Northern stage, consisting of 33 turbines, began in October 2019. Commissioning was initially expected in early 2021, however this was revised after challenges with the overland transport of turbine blades and commissioning is now expected by the end of 2021. Construction of the Southern stage of 27 turbines will follow.
Work on the wind farm was halted in March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. In December 2020, a ship fire at the Port of Napier destroyed 12 nacelles and 11 hubs destined for the Southern stage.
The wind-farm generated its first electricity on 30 July 2021. The final turbine of the northern stage was installed in October 2021, while 23 turbines were in operation.
Consent process
In January 2005 after receiving multiple approaches from New Zealand electricity generators, the Palmerston North City Council sought a commercial partner for the construction of a wind farm in the Turitea Reserve. In August 2005 it signed a deal with Mighty River Power for development of the wind farm. The deal included plans for an eco-park funded by the city from wind-farm revenues, and for "milestone payments" from Mighty River to the council at various stages of the consent process.
The council began consultation on changes to the reserve's management plan in August 2006. The proposal was opposed by Forest and Bird and the Department of Conservation as damaging the integrity of the reserve and potentially contravening the Reserves Act 1977. In October 2006 the Palmerston North City Council changed the purpose of the reserve to include renewable electricity generation. A subsequent court challenge to the decision was unsuccessful.
Mighty River Power applied for resource consents for 131 turbines in 2008, and later applied to the Environment Minister for the project to be called in under the Resource Management Act. The call in process can result in faster processing of major projects, but in this case it coincided with the 2008 election and change of government. The Palmerston North City Council decided to continue with processing of the application, despite Mighty River Power's application for call-in.
In December 2008, the Minister for the Environment, Nick Smith, directed that the project be called in and the Board of Inquiry invited submissions and commenced sitting in 2009. The hearing adjourned for a period in 2009, to enable Mighty River Power to redesign the proposal, reducing it to 104 turbines. In 2010, the Board resumed the hearing, with a draft decision in February 2011 permitting 61 turbines.
In 2011, the Board issued its final decision, approving a wind farm of 60 turbines, up to 3 MW each. In October 2011, Mighty River Power stated in its annual report that the Turitea Wind Farm was not likely to be economically viable before 2015.
Operation
The northern stage employs 33 Vestas V112-3.6 MW turbines, measuring from base to hub with a rotor diameter of . The southern stage will employ 27 Vestas V112-3.8 MW turbines.
A -long 220 kV transmission line connects the wind farm to Transpower's national grid at its Linton substation.
See also
Wind power in New Zealand
Electricity sector in New Zealand
References
Proposed wind farms in New Zealand
Tararua Range
Tony Hwang (born September 17, 1964) is an American real estate agent and politician. A Republican, he is a member of the Connecticut State Senate, for the 28th District, which covers parts of Fairfield County. Previously, Hwang as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives for the 134th District in the Connecticut General Assembly. Hwang became a state representative in 2008 and won re-election in 2010 and 2012. He was elected to the state Senate in 2014 and subsequently reelected. He is the assistant Senate Minority Leader.
Early life and education
Hwang was born in Kaohsiung, Taiwan after his parents fled the Communist government in mainland China as teenagers and re-settled in Taiwan. The family immigrated to the United States when Hwang was approximately nine years old and settled in Syracuse, New York.
Hwang received a bachelor's degree in Labor Relations and Organizational Behavior from Cornell University.
Political career
Elections
Hwang worked for United Technologies before becoming a licensed realtor in Fairfield. He was a member of the Town of Fairfield representative town meeting from 2003 to 2009 before being elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 134th District. In 2014, Hwang won election to the Connecticut Senate from the 28th State Senate District, defeating the Democratic nominee, state Representative Kim Fawcett of the 133rd State House District. As of the 2021 Connecticut Redistricting Project, the district includes Fairfield, Easton, Newtown, and most of Bethel
Hwang was endorsed by State Senator John McKinney. McKinney vacated the Senate seat to run for governor, but subsequently lost in the Republican primary to Thomas C. Foley.
In 2016, Hwang received re-election endorsements from Robert H. Steele, John Kasich, the Connecticut League of Conservation Voters, and the National Federation of Independent Business. During the 2016 election, he retained his seat as state senator for the 28th district, winning with over 60% of the vote; and defeating Democratic nominee Philip Dwyer.
In 2018, Hwang defeated Democratic nominee Michelle McCabe with 52% of the vote; in a rematch in 2020, Hwang defeated McCabe a second time with 51.7% of the vote.
In 2022, Hwang will face off against Tim Gavin, a 28-year-old Yale graduate and Army Veteran who decided to run due to Hwang's stances on various forms of voting.
At various points since 2013, Hwang has publicly considered running for statewide office, and in 2017 had an exploratory committee for governor. Thus far, Hwang has opted not to run for statewide office.
Tenure and political positions
In 2019, the Connecticut League of Conservation Voters gave Hwang a "lifetime score" of 88% and called him "a thoughtful voice on the environment and conservation," citing his advocacy for the Long Island Sound Blue Plan and State Water Plan. The group endorsed Hwang's campaign for the state Senate in 2014. In 2019, he supported a plastic bag ban.
The Hartford Courant described Hwang in 2019 as a moderate Republican. During the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries, Hwang supported John Kasich, and was named Connecticut state chairman of Kasich's campaign. He hosted campaign events with Kasich in the state. Hwang opposed Donald Trump and condemned Trump's insults targeting women, minorities, immigrants, and persons with disabilities; Hwang said in October 2016: "Trump's comments are unacceptable under any circumstances. It perpetuates the potential cycle of violence. I can't say it strong enough that I condemn them. I have never supported him because of those comments."
As of 2020, Hwang is the ranking member of the state Senate committees on housing, higher education, public safety and security, and transportation. Hwang was a member of the Legislative Environment Committee in 2011 and 2012.
Hwang voted against a pro-net neutrality bill in 2018, arguing that the matter is a federal issue. Like most Connecticut Republican legislators, Hwang opposes the legalization of marijuana; he opposed proposals in 2019 to legalize, tax, and regulate recreational marijuana in Connecticut. He is an outspoken opponent of legalized gambling in Connecticut, and has opposed moves to allow additional casinos and other gambling businesses to operate in the state. He has supported stronger gun control legislation.
Controversies
Campaign spending and advertisement controversies
In 2014, the Connecticut State Elections Enforcement Commission investigated Hwang over an allegation of failure to disclose campaign purchases. The Commission authorized the investigation after reviewing complaints and submitted materials from Town of Fairfield's Democratic Town Committee. Hwang denied wrongdoing, and accused the Fairfield Democratic Town Committee as trying to distract the electorate.
In 2016, the State Elections Enforcement Commission fined Hwang $400 for violation of rules on campaign contribution limits.
Hwang spent $15,020 on advertising on place mats at a Connecticut restaurant chain. He purchased the ads with personal funds and was later reimbursed the cost by his political committee. Hwang initially did not disclose the reimbursement on his campaign disclosure filings. A local Democratic committee chairman filed an elections complaint against Hwang for the lapse in 2016. In December 2017, the state Elections Enforcement Commission ruled that the failure to disclosure was unintentional, and directed him to correct his filings. In January 2017, Hwang also reported spending $2,850 on "Wikipedia information management" services.
In 2018, some of Hwang's campaign signs included copyrighted art from the nonprofit, nonpartisan organizations Hate Has No Home Here and Ben's Bells, without permission from the groups. After the use of the art was reported, Hwang issued an apology, said that the use was unintentional, and removed the signs and text at issue.
Public Argument With High School Girl
On Election Day in 2019, a high school student volunteer argued with Hwang at Fairfield's District 1 polling place about socialism; this led to Hwang berating the student for her differing beliefs, along with telling her his personal experiences with the ideology. Hwang reportedly refused to stop, despite pleas from nearby adults, eventually bringing the student to tears and prompting a Facebook post from her mother that circulated on social media. Hwang later apologized to the student, citing he did not intend to hurt the students feelings, rather educate her on the topic.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American people of Chinese descent
American politicians of Taiwanese descent
Connecticut Republicans
Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations alumni
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Politicians from Kaohsiung
Politicians from Syracuse, New York
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
21st-century American politicians
Asian-American people in Connecticut politics
Drottningholm, literally "Queen's Islet", is a locality situated in Ekerö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, with 398 inhabitants in 2010.
It is on the island Lovön in lake Mälaren on the outskirts of Stockholm. Drottningholm Palace, the residence of the Swedish Royal Family since 1981, is here. The village was planned and built in the mid-18th century for the people working at the palace. It is a good example of how a Swedish village would have looked like in the 18th and 19th centuries, containing many picturesque houses and villas.
Drottningholm is accessible with public transport by taking the metro to Brommaplan, then an Ekerö-bound SL bus.
Ships
At least two ships have been named Drottningholm. One is the former ferry that was built in 1909 and is now a listed historic ship of Sweden. Another was the transatlantic ocean liner RMS Virginian, which Swedish American Line bought in 1920 and renamed .
Among English speakers, the liner's unfortunate tendency to roll inspired the nicknames "Rollingholm" or "Rollinghome". In the Second World War she was chartered to repatriate thousands of released prisoners of war, civilian internees and diplomats. Among them the English speakers nicknamed her "Trotting Home".
See also
Drottningholm Palace Theatre
References
External links
Listed buildings in Sweden
Metropolitan Stockholm
Populated places in Ekerö Municipality
Uppland
Inclusion body disease (IBD) is an infectious and invariably fatal viral disease affecting captive specimens of the boid family of snakes, particularly Boa constrictor. It has been recognized since the mid-1970s. It is so named because of the characteristic intracytoplasmic inclusion bodies that are observed in clinical examinations in epidermal cells, oral mucosal epithelial cells, visceral epithelial cells, and neurons. In the 1970s and 1980s, the disease was most commonly observed in Burmese pythons (Python bivittatus). From the 1980s on, it has been most commonly observed in boa constrictors. To date, no treatment for IBD is known, and snakes that are diagnosed with IBD should generally be euthanized to prevent suffering in the snake and to reduce the risk of further infections.
All boid snakes should be considered susceptible to the disease. Many zoos quarantine boas specifically as a result of the risk of IBD before introducing them into their permanent collections and breeding programs. While the disease has not been identified in non-boid snakes, non-boid snakes can harbour the virus. Mites are thought to be the primary vector of the virus, or at least to be a contributory factor.
Its distribution is worldwide, specifically in captive boid snakes. Its occurrence in the wild is unknown. The disease has only been identified in adult and subadult specimens, not neonates. Even so, all age groups are considered susceptible, and anecdotal reports of the infection in neonates have been made. A retro-like virus infection was suspected as the causative agent of IBD, but identification of highly divergent arenavirus sequences from boa constrictors with IBD suggested arenaviruses to be the etiological agent of IBD. Cell culture isolation of several arenaviruses from boid snakes with IBD further solidified, but did not yet confirm, the etiological relationship between IBD and arenaviruses.
In python species, the disease presents as a profound, highly severe neurological illness that is swiftly fatal. In adult boa constrictors, the disease assumes a milder, more chronic form with a wide array of extremely variable symptoms that gradually progresses to death.
Clinical signs
Clinical signs may vary, with regurgitation and neurological symptoms being the most prominent in the early and later stages of its progression, respectively. In boa constrictors, the first signs may include off-and-on regurgitation followed by inappetence, and some develop head tremors. Abnormal shedding may occur. Some develop chronic regurgitation and anorexia (lack of appetite or refusal to feed). However, not all infected snakes may regurgitate. Boas lose weight and may develop clogged nares (nostrils), stomatitis, or secondary pneumonia. The disease can rapidly progress to produce nervous-system disorders, such as disorientation, corkscrewing of the head and neck, holding the head in abnormal and unnatural positions, rolling onto the back, or stargazing. Stomatitis, pneumonia, undifferentiated cutaneous sarcomas, lymphoproliferative disorders, and leukemia have all been observed in affected specimens. Burmese pythons generally show signs of central nervous system disease without manifestation of other clinical signs and regurgitation is seen only in boas. These are symptoms similar to those seen in specimens infected by Chlamydia–specifically Chlamydophila psittaci, the so-called parrot's disease.
Several snakes have been seen with proliferative pneumonia, while inclusions are commonly seen in the liver, kidney, and pancreas. Cases have also been observed with only very few inclusions. In a few snakes with signs of central nervous system disease, and with a severe encephalitis, no inclusions have been seen in any cells. While the presence of characteristic inclusions is diagnostic for the disease, the absence of such inclusions does not necessarily indicate that the snake is not diseased or is free from the IBD virus. While cells having inclusions may show mild degenerative changes, inflammation is rarely seen in visceral tissues. In the brain, mild to severe encephalitis occurs, with lymphocytic perivascular cuffing. Several snakes with lymphoproliferative disorders have been identified with lymphoid infiltrates in multiple organs.
Laboratory diagnosis
The disease can be diagnosed in live snakes through blood tests.
Primary route of transmission
The primary route of transmission has not yet been identified, but direct contact may result in its transmission to developing embryos in viviparous species and eggs in oviparous species. Venereal transmission is also indicated as a possibility. The snake mite, Ophionyssus natricis, has been implicated as a possible vector for the virus, since mite infestations are commonly seen in epizootics of IBD and in captive specimens of these snakes. Mites are sometimes very difficult to eradicate due to their resistance to certain toxins used to eliminate them.
Permethrin is effective against mite infestations, but must be used with great caution and only in small quantities due to its toxicity to snakes. Alternative approaches include biological agents that are sprayed onto infested animals that desiccate the mites, rendering them unable to lay their eggs or consume blood beneath the scales of their host. The incubation period for mite eggs is thought to be about 10–14 days, so the treatment should be repeated after 10 days to ensure that any eggs that hatch or larvae that develop into nymphs are eliminated from the host before reaching sexual maturity and becoming able to repeat their reproduction cycle.
Prognosis and treatment
To date, no treatment for IBD is known. Snakes diagnosed with or suspected of having IBD should be euthanized because progression and transmission of the virus is both very rapid and destructive. Newly acquired snakes should be quarantined for at least 3 and preferably 6 months before being introduced into established collections. The recommended period of quarantine for any wild-caught boa or python is at least 4–6 months.
References
Further reading
Axthelm, M.K. (1985). "Viral encephalitis of boid snakes". Int. Colloq. Pathol. Reptiles Amphib. 3:25.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20050630084707/http://www.vetmed.ufl.edu/sacs/wildlife/IBDINFO.html
Reptile diseases
Veselin Sarbakov (Bulgarian: Веселин Сърбаков; born 8 August 1975) is a former Bulgarian footballer who is currently U-12 coach at Levski Sofia.
Biography
Sarbakov spent the majority of his career in the top flight of Bulgarian football, most notably representing Levski Sofia almost continuously between the 1993/1994 and 1998/1999 seasons, making 35 league appearances and scoring two goals for the "bluemen". He also played for Litex Lovech, Pirin, Akademik Sofia, Kaliakra, Vihren, and Hebar. Following Sarbakov's retirement, he became coach of Levski Sofia youth teams, obtaining a UEFA "A" license.
References
1975 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Levski Sofia players
Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C. players
PFC Litex Lovech players
FC Hebar Pazardzhik players
OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad players
Akademik Sofia players
PFC Kaliakra Kavarna players
OFC Vihren Sandanski players
Bishalama () is a Syrian village in the Qardaha District in Latakia Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Bishalama had a population of 1,019 in the 2004 census.
References
Alawite communities in Syria
Populated places in Qardaha District
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1560.
Events
August 27 – The Parliament of Scotland approves the Scots Confession of faith.
unknown date – Paolo Veronese completes his work on the interior decoration of the Biblioteca Marciana in Venice.
New books
Prose
Geneva Bible (first full edition)
Giachem Bifrun (translator) – L'g Nuof Sainc Testamaint da nos Signer Jesu Christ (New Testament in Putèr variety of Romansh language)s
Thomas Churchyard – The Contention Churchyeard and Camell, upon David Dycers Dreame
Scots Confession, officially The Confession of Faith of the Kirk of Scotland, etc.
Drama
Jacques Grévin – Jules César
Thomas Preston – Cambises (possible date of first performance)
Poetry
See 1560 in poetry
Births
January 5 – John Bois, English Bible translator (died 1643)
Baptised August 4 – Sir John Harington, English courtier, poet and inventor (died 1612)
October 10 – Jacobus Arminius, Dutch theologian (died 1609)
December 3 – Jan Gruter, Netherlandish critic and scholar (died 1627)
Unknown dates
Constantino Cajetan, Italian ecclesiastical historian (died 1650)
Álvarez de Paz, Spanish Jesuit theologian (died 1620)
Mark Ridley, English lexicographer of Russian and physician (died in or before 1624)
probable
Heinrich Khunrath, German hermetic philosopher writing in Latin (died 1605)
Anthony Munday, English dramatist and miscellanist (died 1633)
Deaths
January 1 – Joachim du Bellay, French poet (born c. 1522)
April 7 – Robert Céneau, French bishop and historian (born 1483)
April 19 – Philipp Melanchthon, German Protestant theologian (born 1497)
July 9 – John Slotanus, Dutch Catholic polemical writer (date of birth unknown)
September 30 – Melchior Cano, Spanish theologian (born c. 1509)
November 15 – Domingo de Soto, Spanish theologian (born 1494)
December 21 – Georg Thym, German poet (born c. 1520)
Unknown date – Didacus Ximenes, Spanish theologian and philosopher
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Bertram Grassby (23 December 1880 – 7 December 1953) was an English actor. He appeared in more than 90 silent era films between 1914 and 1927. Grassby was married to American actress Gerard Alexander. He was born in Lincolnshire, England and died in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Selected filmography
His Father's Rifle (1914)
Liberty (1916) as Manuel Leon
Langdon's Legacy (1916)
It Happened in Honolulu (1916)
The Mysterious Mrs. M (1917)
Even As You and I (1917)
Rasputin, The Black Monk (1917)
The Soul of Satan (1917)
Cheating the Public (1918)
Salomé (1918) as Prince David
The Hope Chest (1918) as Stoughton Lounsbury
A Romance of Happy Valley (1919) as Judas
The Delicious Little Devil (1919) as Duke de Sauterne
Fools and Their Money (1919) as Cholly Van Dusen
The Gray Horizon (1919) as John Furthman
The Lone Wolf's Daughter (1919) as Michael Lanyard, the Lone Wolf
What Every Woman Wants (1919)
Yvonne from Paris (1919)
The Woman and the Puppet (1920)
The Week-End (1920)
For the Soul of Rafael (1920)
Mid-Channel (1920)
Hush (1921)
Hold Your Horses (1921)
Straight from Paris (1921)
A Parisian Scandal (1921) as Baron Stransky
Fifty Candles (1921)
For the Defense (1922)
Shattered Dreams (1922)
The Prisoner (1923) as Prince Ugo Ravorelli
The Man from Brodney's (1923)
Pioneer Trails (1923)
The Dancer of the Nile (1923)
His Hour (1924) as Boris Varishkine
The Shadow of the Desert (1924)
One Law for the Woman (1924)
The Heart Bandit (1924)
Fools in the Dark (1924)
She Wolves (1925)
Havoc (1925)
The Girl on the Stairs (1925)
Made for Love (1926)
The Taxi Mystery (1926)
The Beautiful Cheat (1926)
When a Man Loves (1927)
References
External links
1880 births
1953 deaths
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
20th-century English male actors
Villa Savoye () is a modernist villa and gatelodge in Poissy, on the outskirts of Paris, France. It was designed by the Swiss architects Le Corbusier and his cousin Pierre Jeanneret, and built between 1928 and 1931 using reinforced concrete.
As an exemplar of Le Corbusier's "five points" for new constructions, the villa is representative of the origins of modern architecture and is one of the most easily recognizable and renowned examples of the International style.
The house was originally built as a country retreat for the Savoye family. After being purchased by the neighbouring school, it became the property of the French state in 1958. After surviving several proposals to demolish it, it was designated as an official French historical monument in 1965 (a rare event, as Le Corbusier was still alive). It was thoroughly renovated between 1985 and 1997, and the refurbished house is now open to visitors year round under the care of the Centre des monuments nationaux.
In July 2016, the house and 16 other buildings by Le Corbusier, spread over seven countries, were inscribed as The Architectural Work of Le Corbusier World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
Background
By the end of the 1920s Le Corbusier was already an internationally renowned architect. His book Vers une Architecture had been translated into several languages, his work with the Centrosoyuz in Moscow had involved him with the Russian avant-garde, and his problems with the League of Nations competition had been widely publicised. He was also one of the first members of the Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne (CIAM) and was becoming known as a champion of modern architecture.
The villas designed by Le Corbusier in the early 1920s demonstrated what he termed the "precision" of architecture, where each feature of the design needed to be justified in design and urban terms. His work in the later part of the decade, including his urban designs for Algiers, began to be more free-form.
History of the commission
Pierre and Eugénie Savoye approached Le Corbusier about building a country home in Poissy in the spring of 1928. The prospective site was a green field on an otherwise wooded plot of land, with a magnificent view of the landscape to the north west that matched the approach to the plot along the road. Other than an initial brief prepared by Emile for a summer house, space for cars, an extra bedroom and a caretaker's lodge, Le Corbusier had such freedom in executing the commission that he was limited only by his own architectural aesthetic. He began work on the project in September 1928. His initial ideas were ultimately manifested in the final building, though between Autumn 1928 and Spring 1929 he drew up a set of alternative designs that were governed primarily by the Savoye couple's concerns regarding cost. The eventual solution to the cost problem was to reduce the volume of the building by moving the master bedroom down to the first floor and reducing the grid spacing from 5 metres to 4.75 metres.
Construction
Estimates of the cost in February 1929 lay in the region of half a million Francs, although this excluded the cost of the lodge and the landscaping elements (almost twice the original budget). The project was tendered in February, with contracts being awarded in March 1929. Changes made to the design while the project was being built, which included an amendment to the storey height and the removal and reinstatement of the chauffeur's accommodation, led to the costs rising to approximately 900,000 Francs. When the construction of the project started, no design work had been done on the lodge, and the final design was only presented to the client in June 1929. The design was for a double lodge, but this was reduced to a single lodge for cost reasons. Although the construction of the entire house was completed within a year, it was not habitable until 1931.
Design
The Villa Savoye, which is probably Le Corbusier's best known building from the 1930s, had an enormous influence on international modernism. Its design embodied his emblematic "Five Points", the basic tenets in his new architectural aesthetic:
Support of ground-level pilotis, elevating the building from the earth and allowing the garden to be extended to the space beneath.
A functional roof serving as a garden and terrace, reclaiming for Nature the land occupied by the building.
A free floor plan, devoid of load-bearing walls, allowing walls to be placed freely and only where aesthetically needed.
Long horizontal windows for illumination and ventilation.
Freely-designed façades functioning merely as a skin for the wall and windows, and unconstrained by load-bearing considerations.
Unlike with his earlier town villas, Le Corbusier was able to carefully design all four sides of the Villa Savoye so that they took the view and the orientation of the sun into account. On the ground floor he placed the main entrance hall, ramp and stairs, garage, and the rooms of the chauffeur and maid. The first floor contained the master bedroom, the son's bedroom, guest bedroom, kitchen, salon and external terraces. The salon was oriented to the south east whilst the terrace faced the east. The son's bedroom faced the north west, and the kitchen and service terrace faced south-west. On the second-floor level was a series of sculpted spaces that formed a solarium.
The plan was set out using the principal ratios of the Golden section: in this case a square divided into sixteen equal parts, extended on two sides to incorporate the projecting façades, and then further divided so as to fix the position of the ramp and the entrance.
In his book Vers une Architecture, Corbusier exclaimed "The motor car is an object with a simple function (to travel) and complicated aims (comfort, resistance, appearance)...". The house, designed as a second residence and located outside Paris, was designed with the car in mind. The sense of mobility that the car conferred was translated into a feeling of movement that is integral to the building. The approach to the house was by car, past the caretaker's lodge, and eventually under the building itself. Even the curved arc of the industrial glazing of the ground floor entrance was determined by the turning circle of a car. After its principal occupants had been dropped off by the chauffeur, the car proceeded around the curve to park in the garage. Meanwhile, the arrivals entered the house transversely into the main hall through a portico of flanking columns.
The four columns in the entrance hall seemingly direct the visitor up the ramp. This ramp, which can be seen from almost everywhere in the house, continues up to the first-floor living area and salon before continuing externally from the first-floor roof terrace up to the second-floor solarium. Throughout his career, Le Corbusier was interested in bringing a feeling of sacredness into the act of dwelling, and acts such as washing and eating were given significance by their locations. At the Villa Savoye, the act of cleansing is represented both by the sink in the entrance hall and the celebration of the health-giving properties of the sun in the solarium on the roof, which is given significance by being the terminal upper point of the ramp.
Le Corbusier's piloti perform a number of functions around the house, both inside and out. On the two longer elevations they are flush with the face of the façade and imply heaviness and support, but on the shorter sides they are set back, giving a floating effect that emphasises the horizontal dimension of the house. The wide strip window of the first-floor terrace has two baby pilotis to support and stiffen the wall above. Although this piloti are in a similar plane to the larger columns below, a false perspective when viewed from outside the house gives the impression that they are located deeper within the house than they actually are.
The Villa Savoye uses the horizontal ribbon windows found in his earlier villas. Unlike his contemporaries, Le Corbusier often chose to use timber windows rather than metal ones. It has been suggested that this is because he was interested in glass for its planar properties, and that the set-back position of the glass in the timber frame allowed the façade to be seen as a series of parallel planes.
Later history
Problems with the Savoyes caused by all the requests for additional payment from the contractors for all the changes were compounded by the need for early repairs to the new house. Each autumn, the Savoyes suffered rainwater leaks through the roof. The exclusion of downpipes and sills which would have disturbed their aesthetic made the white surfaces more susceptible to staining and erosion from overflowing rainwater. The building was also marred by cracks because the material was not designed for structural durability. The Savoyes continued to live in the house until 1940, leaving during World War II. It was occupied twice during the war: first by the Germans – when it was used as a hay store – and then by the Americans, with both occupations severely damaging the building. The Savoyes returned to their estate after the war, but were no longer in position to live as they had done before the war, and soon abandoned the house again.
The villa was expropriated by the town of Poissy in 1958, which first used it as a public youth centre and later considered demolishing it to make way for a schoolhouse complex. Protests from architects who felt the house should be saved, and the intervention of Le Corbusier himself, spared the house from demolition. A first attempt at restoration was begun in 1963 by architect Jean Debuisson, despite opposition from Le Corbusier. The villa was added to the French register of historical monuments in 1965, becoming France's first modernist building to be designated as a historical monument, and also the first to be the object of restoration while its architect was still living. In 1985, a thorough state-funded restoration process led by architect Jean-Louis Véret was undertaken. It was completed in 1997. The restoration included structural and surface repairs to the façades and terraces because of the deterioration of the concrete; the installation of lighting and security cameras; and the reinstatement of some of the original fixtures and fittings.
Legacy
The Villa Savoye was a very influential building of the 1930s, and imitations can be found all over the world. The building featured in two hugely influential books of the time: Hitchcock and Johnson's The International Style published in 1932, and F. R. S. Yorke's The Modern House published in 1934, as well as the second volume of Le Corbusier's own series The Complete Works. In his 1947 essay The Mathematics of the Ideal Villa, Colin Rowe compared the Villa Savoye to Palladio's Villa Rotunda.
The freedom given to Le Corbusier by the Savoyes resulted in a house that was governed more by his five principles than by any requirements of the occupants. Nevertheless, it was the last time these five principles were expressed so fully, and the house marked the end of one phase of his design approach, as well as being the last in a series of buildings dominated by the colour white.
Some general criticisms have been made with regard to Le Corbusier's five points of architecture, and these apply specifically to the Villa Savoye in terms of:
Support of ground-level pilotis – the piloti tended to be symbolic rather than actual structural elements.
Functional roof – poor detailing in this case led to the roof leaking.
After the Villa Savoye, Le Corbusier's experimentation with Surrealism informed his design for the Beistegui apartments, but his next villa design, for Mademoiselle Mandrot near Toulon, embodied a regionalist agenda and relied on local stone for its finish.
The west wing of the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies in Canberra, designed by Ashton Raggatt McDougall, is a nearly exact replica of the Villa Savoye, except that it is black. According to Howard Raggat, this antipodean architectural quotation is "a kind of inversion, a reflection, but also a kind of shadow".
Footnotes
References
Further reading
External links
Official site
Wikipedia has media related to Villa Savoye
Pictures of the interior and exterior of the villa - Boston College
Villa Savoye abandoned - archiwik.org
Le Corbusier • René Burri • Magnum Photos
1931 establishments in France
Buildings and structures in Yvelines
Historic house museums in Île-de-France
Restored and conserved buildings
Houses completed in 1931
International Style (architecture)
Le Corbusier buildings in France
Modernist architecture in France
Monuments historiques of Île-de-France
Museums in Yvelines
Poissy
Savoye
Monuments of the Centre des monuments nationaux
Nicholas ("Nick") Edward Radkewich (born January 10, 1971 in Royal Oak, Michigan) is an athlete from the United States, who competes in triathlon.
Radkewich competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took fortieth place with a total time of 1:53:44.63. He also enjoys long walks on the beach and spending time with his family.
References
External links
ITU Results
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Royal Oak, Michigan
American male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the United States
Wheelchair tennis first entered the Summer Paralympic Games in 1988 as a demonstration sport and as a full medal sport at the 1992 Barcelona Games. Australia has competed at every Paralympic wheelchair tennis competition. There are two categories of medals - open division and quad division.
Notable Australian performances:
Dylan Alcott won three gold and one silver medal at the 2016 Rio Paralympics and 2020 Tokyo Paralympics.
David Hall has won six medals (1 gold medal, 3 silver medals and 2 bronze medals at three Games - 1996 to 2004.
Daniela Di Toro at the London Games competed at her fifth Games (1996–2012). She won a silver medal in the women's doubles at the Sydney Games
Medal table
Summer Paralympic Games
1988 Seoul
Australia represented by:
Men – Michael Connell
Wheelchair tennis was a demonstration sport. Michael Connell won a silver medal in the men's singles.
1992 Barcelona
Australia represented by:
Men - Michael Connell, David Hall
Women – Randa Hinson, Sue Twelftree
Australia didn't receive any medals.
1996 Atlanta
Australia represented by:
Men – Mick Connell, David Hall
Women - Daniela Di Toro, Randa Hinson
Coach - Greg Crump
Australia won 1 silver medal and 1 bronze medal.
2000 Sydney
Australia represented in wheelchair tennis by:
Men - David Hall, David Johnson
Women – Daniela Di Toro, Branka Pupovac
Coach - Greg Crump (Head)
Australia had competitive results making three finals out of four and winning 1 gold and 2 silver medals. David Hall took one gold and one silver medal.
2004 Athens
Australia represented in wheelchair tennis:
Men – Anthony Bonaccurso, David Hall, Ben Weekes
Women – Daniela Di Toro
Head Coach- Greg Crump
Officials - Manager - Sallee Trewin
Australia won 2 silver and 2 bronze medals.
Detailed Australian Results
2008 Beijing
Representing Australia in wheelchair tennis:
Men - Michael Dobbie, Ben Weekes
Women - Daniela Di Toro
Coach - Head Coach - Greg Crump
Officilas - Section Manager - Geoff Quinlan
Daniela Di Toro competed at her fourth Games. Australia did not win a medal as only Michael Dobbie progressed past the first round.
Detailed Australian Results
2012 London
Men - Ben Weekes, Adam Kellerman
Women - Daniela Di Toro, Janel Manns
Coaches – Greg Crump (Head), Craig Purcell
Officials - Section Manager – Brenda Tierney;
Daniela Di Toro competed at her fifth Games. Australia did not win any medals.
Detailed Australian Results
2016 Rio
Men - Dylan Alcott, Heath Davidson (d), Ben Weekes, Adam Kellerman
Women - Sarah Calati (d)
Coaches - Vernon Cheung (Men's), Franscois Vogelsberger (Quad)
Officials Team Leader - Brenda Tierney
Australia achieved impressive results winning two gold medals, Dylan Alcott taking the men's singles and men's quad doubles with Heath Davidson.
Detailed Australian Results
2020 Tokyo
Men - Dylan Alcott, Heath Davidson, Martyn Dunn (d) Ben Weekes
Coaches- Jessica Moore (Men's), Franscois Vogelsberger (Quad)
Officials - Team Leader - Brenda Tierney
Australia achieved impressive results winning one gold and one silver medals, Dylan Alcott taking gold the men's quad singles and teaming with Heath Davidson to win silver medal in the men's quad doubles.
Detailed Australian Results
(d) Paralympic Games debut
See also
List of Australian Paralympic wheelchair tennis medalists
Wheelchair tennis at the Summer Paralympics
Australia at the Paralympics
References
Wheelchair tennis
Australian Paralympic teams
Sports teams in Australia
The Second Battle of Çatalca fought between 3 February 1913 and 3 April 1913 was a major "continuous skirmish" of the First Balkan War.
Background
The Bulgarian advance at the beginning of the First Balkan War stalled at the Ottoman fortifications at Çatalca in November 1912 at the First Battle of Çatalca. A two-month ceasefire (armistice) was agreed to on 3 December [O.S. 20 November] 1912 to allow for peace talks to proceed in London. The talks there stalled when on 23 January [O.S. 10 January] 1913 an Ottoman coup d'état returned Unionists to power, with their non-negotiable stance on retaining Edirne. Hostilities resumed upon expiration of the armistice, on 3 February [O.S. 21 January] 1913, and the Second Battle of Çatalca began.
Battle
The battle consisted of a series of thrusts and counter-thrusts by both the Ottomans and the Bulgarians. On 20 February the Ottomans, in coordination with a separate attack from Gallipoli, charged the Bulgarian positions. Although the Bulgarians repulsed the initial attack, they were weakened enough that they withdrew over fifteen kilometers to the south and twenty kilometers to the west to secondary defensive positions; but eventually the lines returned to essentially the originals. The separate siege of Edirne resulted in its loss to the Bulgarians on 26 March, sapping Ottoman morale; and with heavy Bulgarian losses to both fighting and cholera, the battle dwindled down and ceased by 3 April 1913. On 16 April a second ceasefire (armistice) was agreed to, ending the last fighting in the war.
Results
The Ottomans held the "Çatalca Line", but failed to advance. The loss of Edirne ended the major Ottoman objection to peace and the Treaty of London on 10 June 1913 codified the Ottoman loss of territory.
References
Battles of the First Balkan War
Conflicts in 1912
1912 in the Ottoman Empire
Battles involving the Ottoman Empire
Battles involving Bulgaria
History of Istanbul Province
February 1913 events
March 1913 events
April 1913 events
Battle of Çatalca, Second
Tomiko is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated place in geographic Stewart Township, Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It was created during the construction of the Ontario Northland Railway in the early 20th century. Tomiko is located between the dispersed rural communities of Jocko to the north and Mulock to the south, and has two passing sidings.
Ferguson Lake lies about southeast of the community.
References
Communities in Nipissing District
The Hanriot H.170, H.180, and H.190 were a family of light utility aircraft produced in France in the 1930s. All introduced in 1934, they appeared side by side at the Paris Air Show that year, the model numbers distinguishing between versions powered by Salmson, Renault, and Régnier engines respectively.
Design and development
In basic construction, the different variants were otherwise almost identical, as largely conventional monoplanes with high, strut-braced wings and fixed, tailskid undercarriage. The pilot and one or two passengers sat in an extensively-glazed, enclosed cabin.
Although usually described as a monoplane, this family of aircraft all featured small, stub wings at the bottom of the fuselage. These carried the fuel tanks and served as a mounting point for the wing struts and undercarriage. An interesting feature was that the upper portion of the rear fuselage was a removable module, allowing it to be replaced with alternative modules for different roles, for example to carry a stretcher, or a second, open cockpit for pilot or gunnery training.
Operational history
The H.182 was the major production version, accounting for 346 out of the total of 392 aircraft built. Most of these were produced as part of a government order for machines to equip the Cercles Aériens Régionaux reserve flying units, with 172 aircraft still operational at the Fall of France in 1940.
Ten more were purchased by the Second Spanish Republic for use in the Spanish Civil War, and 50 aircraft originally ordered by the French government were diverted to Turkey as part of a military aid agreement.
Variants
H.170
H.170 - two-seat military observation version with Salmson 6Te engine (1 built)
H.171 - three-seat civil tourer version of H.170 (1 built)
H.172
H.172B - two-seat trainer (1 built)
H.172N - three-seat tourer (7 built)
H.173 - aerobatic trainer version (1 built)
H.174 - three-seat trainer (1 built)
H.175 - liaison aircraft for French Navy (10 built)
H.180
H.180
H.180T - three-seat tourer with Renault 4Pdi engine (1 built)
H.180M - two-seat military observation version with Renault 4Pei engine (1 built)
H.181 - air ambulance version of H.180T (1 built)
H.182 - main production version as trainer aircraft for French reserve aviation units.
H.183 - aerobatic trainer with Renault 438 engine (1 built)
H.184 - trainer version with uprated version of Renault 4Pei engine (1 built)
H.185 - two-seat liaison version for French navy (6 built)
H.190
H.190
H.190M - two-seat observation aircraft with Régnier 60-01 engine (1 built)
H.191 - three-seat tourer (1 built)
H.192
H.192B - two-seat trainer (1 built)
H.192N - two-seat civil trainer with Régnier 6Bo.1 engine (9 built)
H.195 - two-seat liaison aircraft with Régnier 6Bo.1 engine (1 built)
Operators
French Air Force
French Navy
Spanish Republican Air Force
Turkish Air Force
Specifications (H.182)
See also
References
External links
1930s French civil utility aircraft
1930s French military utility aircraft
H.180
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1934
Fuad Mulahasanović (born 16 October 1952) is a Bosnian former professional footballer and current coach.
Notes
References
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sarajevo
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav First League players
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Ashok Krishna Dutt was an Indian politician . He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Dum Dum in 1977 defeating Communist leader Indrajit Gupta. He was a Solicitor and Advocate and practiced in the Calcutta High Court. He was arrested under Maintenance of Internal Security Act during Emergency. He was elected to the West Bengal legislative assembly from Barasat constituency in 1962 defeating Forward Bloc leader Chitta Basu.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1928 births
West Bengal MLAs 1962–1967
India MPs 1977–1979
Lok Sabha members from West Bengal
Living people
People from North 24 Parganas district
Janata Party politicians
Indian National Congress politicians
The following is a list of notable events that are related to Philippine music in 2010.
Events
January
January 30 - The Pinoy Hiphoppaz Organization was launched.
February
February 11 - David Benoit performed at PICC.
February 14 - Raymond Lauchengco and sister Menchu Lauchengco-Yulo performed at Rockwell Tent.
February 28 - Callalily held grand fans day.
July
July 8 - Usher performed at SM Mall of Asia Concert Grounds.
Debuts
Soloist
Aljur Abrenica (GMA/Sony)
Joanna Ampil (Sony)
Sherwin Baguion (Star Music/Sony)
Jovit Baldivino (Star Music/Sony)
Juris Fernandez (Star Music)
Markki Stroem (Star Music/Sony)
Bands/groups
100 Percent
Eevee (Sony)
Eurasia (Viva)
Ezra Band (Star Music/Sony)
General Luna (Warner)
Kiss Jane (Sony)
VoizBoys (Quantum Music/Star Music)
XLR8 (Viva/P-Pop)
The Zion Band
Reunion/comebacks
Rachel Alejandro
Brownman Revival
Ely Buendia
Gabby Concepcion
KC Concepcion
Amber Davis
Bugoy Drilon
Nikki Gil
Toni Gonzaga
Letter Day Story
Martin Nievera
Imelda Papin
Aiza Seguerra
Jay R
Viktoria
Disbandment
APO Hiking Society
Bloomfields
Albums released
References
Philippines
Music
Philippine music industry
Solon Barnett (March 30, 1921 – July 18, 1998) was a former offensive tackle and guard in the National Football League.
Biography
Barnett was born Solon Slade Barnett Jr. in New Willard, Texas.
Career
Barnett was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1945 NFL Draft by the Chicago Cardinals and would later be a member of the Green Bay Packers for two seasons. He played at the collegiate level at Baylor University and Southwestern University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1921 births
1998 deaths
Players of American football from Texas
Green Bay Packers players
American football offensive tackles
American football offensive guards
Southwestern Pirates football players
Baylor Bears football players
Henry Kent Hughes (c. 1814 – 30 August 1880), usually referred to as "H. Kent Hughes", was a pastoralist and politician who sat in the South Australian House of Assembly from 1868 to 1875 representing the seats of Victoria and later, Port Adelaide.
Early life
Hughes was born in England, possibly the son of Thomas Hughes, dyer, of Bunhill Row. He married Jane Hilditch (died 4 June 1890). They travelled to South Australia on the barque Raleigh, arriving at Port Adelaide on 15 January 1851.
Hughes was, for a considerable period (at least 1838 – 1844) in the colony of Victoria; he was one of a party, with Peter Snodgrass MLC, a Mr. Murdoch, a Dr. Dixon and one James Murdoch, who pioneered settlement in the Goulburn Valley in Victoria. With two brothers he founded the property, later the town, of Avenel, often cited as named for a Gloucestershire village with which had a connection (though information on its whereabouts is lacking), his previous property in England, or Sir Walter Scott's fictional castle and family, of which the White Lady of Avenel is the best known. There is also a reference to his property "Dropmore" which may or may not have been a separate holding.
Around 1854 he formed a business association with the future premier of South Australia, John Hart, in the company Hart & Hughes with offices in Waymouth Street, Adelaide. They built Port Adelaide's first flour mill, run by Hart and Company, of which he was a silent partner. In 1882 John Hart & Co. joined with Morgan, Connor & Glyde. W. Duffield & Co., James Cowan & Co. and Harrold Brothers to form Adelaide Milling Co. or Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company, with Connor as general manager until shortly before his death in 1926.
Hughes purchased extensive properties on the River Murray, including one near Wellington where he ran sheep in conjunction with his brother Edmund Chauntrell Hughes, S.M., which was quite successful, largely because of careful breeding and the attention they paid to prevention of diseases.
Politics
In 1868 he put himself forward as M.P. for the Assembly District of Victoria, and was elected on 7 May with John Riddoch as a colleague. He remained in Parliament for three years, and went out at the dissolution in 1870, when he contested the seat of Port Adelaide and was elected with William Quin on 5 April 1870. He was Treasurer of South Australia in the 1868 Strangways ministry and the Ayers ministry of 1872. He left parliament at the dissolution of 1875, then was elected to the Legislative Council in 1877, but was forced in 1878 to resign on account of ill-health. He returned to England in an attempt to regain his health but died at Kew in 1880.
Among his bequests were £250 to the Orphans' Home and £300 for St Peter's Cathedral, Adelaide. His wife donated the tower clock on Saint Andrew's Church, Walkerville in his memory.
Other interests
He appears to have been a worshipper at Melbourne's St. Peter's Cathedral, briefly, around 1848.
He had a share in Section 2112, Port Adelaide which was subdivided by Private Act in 1852.
He was a director of the National Bank
His chief public service was to act as Secretary and Treasurer for the Church of England's Orphans' Home for Girls on Carrington Street. His wife, Jane, who survived him, was, with Julia Farr, one of the Home's founders.
His home in Adelaide was "Avenel", a ten-roomed residence on Robe Terrace, North Adelaide. Its 20 acres, "Avenel Gardens", was subsequently owned by William Pope, founder of North Adelaide Golf Club, then subdivided in the 1890s.
Notes and references
Settlers of South Australia
Treasurers of South Australia
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
Australian flour millers and merchants
1814 births
1880 deaths
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Julio César Arana del Águila, (1864–1952) was a Peruvian entrepreneur and politician. A major figure in the rubber industry in the upper Amazon basin, he is probably best known in the English-speaking world through 's 1909 articles in the British magazine Truth, accusing him of practices that amounted to a terroristic reign of slavery over the natives of the region. A company of which he was the general manager, the Peruvian Amazon Company, was investigated by a commission in 1910 on which Roger Casement served. He was appointed its liquidator in September 1911. He later blamed the downfall of the company on the British directors for neglecting to manage the Peruvian staff, of whom he was chief.
Arana became a senator for the Department of Loreto from 1922–26 and, as a result of the Salomon-Lozano Treaty, signed in Lima in 1927, Peru transferred his properties in the Putumayo to Colombia. He died at age 88, penniless, in a small house in Magdalena del Mar, near Lima.
References
Externa link
}}
1864 births
1952 deaths
The Queen's School of Urban and Regional Planning (SURP) is a unit of the School of Graduate Studies and Research at Queen's University at Kingston in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Besides offering a two-year Master of Planning (M.PL.) program to students at a low student-to-faculty ratio, SURP also maintains extensive formal connections with all levels of government as well as crown corporations through its close affiliation with the National Executive Forum on Public Property. The school is the "implementing agent" of the Memorandum of Understanding between Queen's University and the Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China. A variety of activities have been organized for the Chinese mineral and land administration officials since 1996. SURP also hosts the Queen's University's Executive Seminars on Corporate and Investment Real Estate for real estate professionals.
External links
School of Urban and Regional Planning at Queen's
School of Urban and Regional Planning
Urban studies and planning schools
The Ministry of Resettlement, Rehabilitation and Reconstruction of the Republic of Somaliland (MoRRR) () () was a Somaliland government ministry which is responsible for the resettling and rehabilitation of refugees and asylum seekers, as well as the reconstruction of displaced people. The last minister was Ali Said Raygal
See also
Politics of Somaliland
Ministry of Presidency
Ministry of Civil Aviation
References
External links
Official Site of the Government of Somaliland
Government ministries of Somaliland
Lupeni Coal Mine is an underground mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Lupeni, one of six cities in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County. The legal entity managing the Lupeni mine is the National Hard Coal Company which was set up in 1998. The mine has reserves of 65 million tonnes of coal.
See also
Jiu Valley
1922 Lupeni mine disaster
League of Miners Unions of the Jiu Valley
References
External links
Coal mines and coal mining in Jiu Valley
Coal mines in Romania
Teredora princesae is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Teredinidae, the shipworms. This species lives in timber that is floating in the western Pacific Ocean.
Description
Like other shipworms, Teredora princesae has an elongated, wormlike body which is completely enclosed in a tunnel it has made in floating or submerged timber. At the front end of the animal are two calcareous valves, as found in other bivalve molluscs. These are white and sharp and have rough ridges that are used to rasp the timber and slowly elongate the burrow. Food particles and oxygen are extracted by the gills from the water that has been sucked into the burrow. Waste and reproductive cells are discharged through the opening at the back of the burrow.
The life cycle is likely to be similar to other shipworms where the males release their gametes into the water and some of the sperm gets drawn into the burrows of females. The fertilised eggs are retained in the mothers' gill chambers where they begin their development. Later they are released into the sea as veliger larvae. These eat phytoplankton and drift with the currents. When they are ready to undergo metamorphosis they try to find suitable timber on which to settle. There they begin to bore into the wood and spend the rest of their lives as tunnellers.
Distribution
Teredora princesae is found in the western Pacific Ocean at depths down to about .
Habitat and travels
Tree trunks of the Douglas-fir and other colder-climate trees sometimes wash up on the shores of the tropical Hawaiian Archipelago. The logs are from trees which grew in North America, and that have been carried to Hawaii by the southern branch of the Japanese Current, taking an estimated two years to travel the distance. Within these logs are excavations that were made by the shipworm, Teredora princesae. Inside the shipworm burrows, which may reach a length of , are the remains of the shipworms and their shells. Then shipworms do not survive the long journey.
No living adult shipworms of this species have been found in Hawaii or in North America. The excavations within the wood are of varying lengths and diameters, and it appears to be the case that the whole of the life cycle of this species of shipworm takes place in mid-ocean, with larvae settling on the timber and reproducing there as the wood slowly drifts along on the current.
References
Teredinidae
Bivalves described in 1929
Molluscs of the Pacific Ocean
The rivière Méchant Pouce (in English: Bad Tumb River) flows in the municipalities of Saint-Marcel (MRC of L'Islet Regional County Municipality) and Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton (MRC de Montmagny Regional County Municipality), in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The confluence of the Méchant Pouce river forms the head of the Bras Saint-Nicolas which flows north-west, then south-west, to flow onto the south-east bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Méchant Pouce river are:
north side: Bras Saint-Nicolas;
east side: Bras d'Apic, outlet of the Lac des Roches;
south side: Fortin stream;
west side: Cloutier River, Fortin stream.
The Méchant Pouce river takes its source from mountain streams, north-west of Violon Lake (altitude: ), in the Notre Dame Mountains. Violon Lake straddles the townships of Arago Saint-Marcel and Patton Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton. Rather, this lake is drained by the Rocheuse River (hydrographic slope of the Great Noire River).
From its source, the Méchant Pouce river flows over , divided into the following segments:
west in Saint-Marcel, up to the municipal limit of Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton;
northwesterly, to the northern limit of the township of Patton;
towards the north-west, crossing an area of marshes, up to the route de l'Esperance;
north-west, up to its confluence.
The Méchant Pouce river flows on the south bank of Bras Saint-Nicolas which flows north-west, then south-west to flow on the south-east bank of rivière du Sud (Montmagny). The confluence of the Méchant Pouce river is located in the hamlet of L'Espérance.
Toponymy
This unusual name appears on a map of the township of Bourdages, drawn up in 1876.
The toponym Rivière Méchant Pouce was made official on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
List of bridges
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Karl Aben (Latvian: Kārlis Abens; 23 September 1896 – 22 October 1976) was an Estonian and Latvian linguist and translator. In Estonia, he became known as the country's foremost translator from Latvian at the time (translated works of Jānis Rainis, Vilis Lācis and Andrejs Upīts, among many others), but he also translated from Estonian into Latvian (Oskar Luts Abandoned House). Aben was born into an Estonian family in Northern Latvia, he studied at the University of Tartu, graduating with a degree in philology in 1940.
From 1940 to 1941 he worked at the University of Riga as a lecturer of Estonian and Finnish. From 1944 to 1961 he worked at the University of Tartu.
Aben published numerous articles on Estonian and Latvian literature and relations, as well as pedagogy and linguistics. He also compiled the first Estonian-Latvian and Latvian-Estonian dictionaries.
References
1896 births
1976 deaths
Estonian translators
University of Tartu alumni
Soviet translators
Linguists from the Soviet Union
Johannes Jelgerhuis (1770 in Leeuwarden – 6 October 1836 in Amsterdam), was a 19th-century painter and actor from the Northern Netherlands.
Biography
According to the RKD he was the pupil of his father Rienk Jelgerhuis and Pieter Pietersz Barbiers. From 1808 he became an actor in the Stadsschouwburg (Amsterdam) and wrote an illustrated instruction booklet for actors. In 1820 he started teaching acting lessons in Amsterdam and he invited his former colleague Johanna Wattier to help.
He was also known for interiors and architectural studies, with a good eye for perspective. His painting of the interior of the bookshop of his publisher is in the collection of the Rijksmuseum. He painted topographical works in Delft, Rotterdam, Ghent, and Amsterdam.
References
Johannes Jelgerhuis on Artnet
1770 births
1836 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Dutch male stage actors
People from Leeuwarden
19th-century Dutch male actors
19th-century Dutch male artists
Reagan Wickens (born 16 December 1994) is an Australian swimmer. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming, but did not medal.
Personal
Wickens are born on 16 December 1994 and is from Grays Point, New South Wales. He has three brothers. He has Achondraplasia. he attends St Patrick's College, Sutherland where he was in year 12.
Swimming
Wickens is an S6 classified swimmer. Reagan started swimming at his local pool, Sutherland leisure centre, at a young age and first competed at the age of 10 in school carnivals. He competed at the 2009 Youth Paralympics in four different swimming strokes, and taking home five medals, one of which was gold. He competed at the 2011 New South Wales Multi Class Championships, where he competed in three events and finished first in all of them. That year, he also competed Para-Pan Pacific Championships where he earned four silver medals and two gold medals. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming in the 400 m Freestyle, 50 m Butterfly, 50 m Freestyle, 200 m Individual medley, 100 m Backstroke and 100 m Freestyle. He left for Wales for a team training camp on 10 August 2012 before the start of the Games. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.
At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships, Glasgow, Scotland, he finished seventh in the Men's 400m Freestyle S6, twelfth in the Men's 50m Butterfly S6, Men's 100m Freestyle S6, and Men's 200m Individual Medley SM6 and Men's 100m Backstroke S6.
Personal bests
References
Living people
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
1994 births
Sportsmen from New South Wales
S6-classified Paralympic swimmers
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
This is a list of the Netherlands national football team results from 1905 to 1919.
Between their first match in 1905 and 1919, the Netherlands played in 45 matches. Throughout this period they played in two Summer Olympics, in 1908 Summer Olympics and in 1912, and the Netherlands won the consolation tournaments of 1908 by walkover (France withdrew in the final) and got Bronze in 1912 after beating Finland 9-0 with 5 goals from Jan Vos.
Results
1900s
1905
1906
1907
1908
1909
1910s
1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1919
See also
Netherlands national football team results (1905–1919)
Netherlands national football team results (1920–1939)
Netherlands national football team results (1940–1959)
Netherlands national football team results (1960–1979)
Netherlands national football team results (1980–1999)
Netherlands national football team results (2000–2009)
Netherlands national football team results (2010–2019)
Netherlands national football team results (2020–present)
References
External links
Results at RSSSF
1900s in the Netherlands
1910s in the Netherlands
Ziridava baliensis is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Bali and Flores.
References
Moths described in 1958
Eupitheciini
The 2008–09 W-League was the first season of the W-League, the top Australian professional women's soccer league, since its establishment in 2008.
The season was played over 10 rounds, followed by a finals series. Queensland Roar were crowned as Premiers for winning the home-and-away season and also Champions after defeating Canberra United 2–0 in the Grand Final.
Teams
Eight teams competed in the league.
Regular season
League table
Results
Finals series
Semi-finals
Grand Final
Leading scorers
Awards
Player of the Year: Lana Harch, Queensland Roar
Goalkeeper of the Year: Melissa Barbieri, Melbourne Victory
Golden Boot: Leena Khamis, Sydney FC – 7 goals
Goal of the Year: Marianna Tabain, Perth Glory – Round 9, Adelaide United v Perth Glory
Hat Trick Award: Sandra Scalzi, Adelaide United – Round 2, Adelaide United v Newcastle Jets
Fair Play Award: Queensland Roar
Coach of the Year: Jeff Hopkins, Queensland Roar
See also
Adelaide United W-League season 2008-09
Queensland Roar W-League season 2008-09
Canberra United W-League season 2008-09
Central Coast Mariners W-League season 2008-09
Melbourne Victory FC W-League season 2008-09
Newcastle Jets W-League season 2008-09
Perth Glory W-League season 2008-09
Sydney FC W-League season 2008-09
References
Aus
2008
1
Ecuador competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The team consisted of five athletes, four men, one woman, and one male sighted guide.
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
Women's Field
See also
Ecuador at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Ecuadorian sport
Stars in Their Eyes is a British television talent series, based on Joop van den Ende's Dutch format Soundmixshow. It featured a singing contest in which members of the public impersonate showbiz stars.
The show premiered on 21 July 1990 and initially ran until 23 December 2006. It was produced by Granada for ITV and originally presented by Leslie Crowther. Matthew Kelly took over in May 1993, before he was replaced by Cat Deeley in April 2004. An Elvis Presley special hosted by Russ Abbot aired in January 1993, as well as 2003 specials hosted by Davina McCall. A number of celebrity specials and a children's spin-off series were also aired during the original run.
A six-part revival hosted by Harry Hill aired from 10 January 2015 to 14 February 2015, but it was later axed by ITV due to low ratings and poor reviews. Another revival began airing on 12 February 2022, this time in a reformatted in name only version titled Starstruck, hosted by Olly Murs.
History
A series of non-televised pilots were filmed in 1989 hosted by Chris Tarrant. However, in February 1990, Leslie Crowther was chosen as the host of the show which began airing on 21 July 1990. Crowther hosted the first three series, and a Christmas Special in 1991. At the time of his car accident in October 1992, he was booked to record an Elvis Presley special (which was later hosted by Russ Abbot) and a fourth series (later hosted by Matthew Kelly) in 1993.
It then became clear that Crowther would not be able to return. He announced his retirement from showbusiness in November 1994 and died 2 years later. Therefore, Kelly hosted the show until the live grand final of the 15th series on 13 March 2004. Kelly announced a few days earlier that he would quit the show in order to pursue his acting career full-time. Kelly also hosted the 2001 pilot episode, and first series of the kids version in 2002.
In January 2003, Kelly was arrested by police over allegations of child sex abuse resulting in Davina McCall temporarily guest hosting the show for three celebrity specials that were broadcast the following month. Kelly returned after the charges were dropped.
Cat Deeley, who previously took over as host of the kids' version in 2003, was Kelly's replacement for the final adult series in 2005. Deeley also hosted several celebrity specials in 2004. In June 2006, ITV denied reports that the series was facing the axe although admitted that the future of the show was being discussed. Deeley hosted the show until its final episode in December 2006; the show was then axed by ITV.
The most impersonated stars are Dolly Parton, Elvis Presley, Cher, George Michael, Celine Dion, Kylie Minogue and Madonna.
2015 revival
Harry Hill took over as host on 10 January 2015, with all episodes pre-recorded and the winner of each show again voted for by the studio audience.
The revival proved divisive – fans of the original format were critical of it, saying that Harry Hill had made the show about him rather than the contestants; while others acknowledged that the revival was a post-modern parody of the original, with its knowing ridicule of talent show cliches such as terrible performances being overpraised, and the actions of the presenter receiving high editorial focus to distract from the outdated performance element being thinly stretched. Each episode features Harry being pursued by Adele (really a look-alike) for being in possession of her baby and she would comically chase him until she got the baby back.
In April 2015, it was announced that due to poor viewing figures, ITV would not be renewing the show for another series, and it was axed.
2022 revival/reformat version: Starstruck
In March 2020, it was reported that ITV would replace The X Factor with a second revival/reformat of Stars in Their Eyes later in the year, however this time with a celebrity panel of judges. In December 2020, new reports suggested that ITV would revive the show in Autumn 2021, under the new name of Starstruck, with Sheridan Smith, Adam Lambert, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford as judges. In April 2021, it was reported that Olly Murs would host the show. The show was finally scheduled for February 2022, with the change to the format being that three 'tribute artists' will perform at the same time as each other, with four different music acts covered each week. Six 75 minute programmes have been ordered by the network along with a 90 minute final which will see the winner get £50,000. In August 2022, it was confirmed that Sheridan Smith would not be returning as a judge for the second season due to schedule conflicts and filming commitments. On 30 August 2022, Shania Twain announced via her Instagram channel that she would join series 2 as a judge.
Format
Stars in Their Eyes is a talent show where contestants get the chance to appear and sing live as a famous singer. The show is most importantly a 'soundalike' show, but they are also dressed up to look as close as possible to the singer they are impersonating, often with wigs and heavy makeup. Each contestant would walk through 'smoky' doors before instantly reappearing dressed up as their chosen star.
Heats
The contestants appear firstly as themselves, talking briefly to the host about their lives and giving clues as to who they are going to be performing as, finishing with the now famous catchphrase 'Tonight [presenter name] I'm going to be...' The contestants then disappear through the equally famous doors and reappear as the famous singer they are going to impersonate, seemingly instantly.
At the end of the show, the studio audience vote for their favourite, and the winner is announced. The winners from each show in the series return for the grand final to perform once more.
Grand Final & Live Grand Final
1990–1992, 2015
In the original Leslie Crowther version and 2015 revival, the grand finals were pre-recorded, and the winner of the whole series was voted for by the studio audience at the end of the show. The first series final in 1990 also had a celebrity panel, consisting of Joe Longthorne, Sally Dynevor and Pete Waterman, who gave their opinions after each performance.
1993–2006
When Matthew Kelly took over, the grand finals were broadcast live, and the winner of the whole series was voted for by the viewing public through the phone lines and in later years online as well. The winner was announced later that same evening in a separate broadcast.
The same process applied during Cat Deeley's tenure as host.
Episode guide
Champions
Regular series
Series 1 (1990) – Maxine Barrie as Shirley Bassey
Series 2 (1991) – Bernard Wenton as Nat "King" Cole
Series 3 (1992) – Amanda Normansell as Patsy Cline
Series 4 (1993) – Jacquii Cann as Alison Moyet
Series 5 (1994) – John Finch as Marti Pellow
Series 6 (1995) – Lee Griffiths as Bobby Darin
Series 7 (1996) – Paul Doody as Marti Pellow
Series 8 (1997) – Faye Dempsey as Olivia Newton-John
Series 9 (1998) – Jason Searle as Neil Diamond
Series 10 (1999) – Ian Moor as Chris De Burgh (also won Champion of Champions)
Series 11 (Spring 2000) – Gary Mullen as Freddie Mercury
Series 12 (Winter 2000) – Nicola Kirsch as Maria Callas
Series 13 (2001) – Emma Wilkinson as Dusty Springfield
Series 14 (2002) – Stewart Duff as Elvis Presley
Series 15 (2004) – Charles Ngandwe as Paul Robeson
Series 16 (2005) – Gordon Hendricks as Elvis Presley
Series 17 (2015) – Peter Sarsfield as Frankie Valli
Junior series
Series 1 (2002) – Charlotte Gethin as Eva Cassidy
Series 2 (2003) – Laura Jenkins as Connie Francis
Series 3 (2004) – Paul Cowperthwaite as Michael Jackson
Series 4 (2006) – Christopher Napier as George Formby
Starstruck
Series 1 (2022) – Rachael Hawnt as Cher
Transmissions
Main series
Stars in Their Eyes: Kids
Specials
A number of different specials were aired during the course of the show's original run, the majority of which featured celebrities as the contestants.
Non-celebrity
Celebrity
Reception
Ratings and awards
It is still one of Britain's most successful shows of all time, attracting around 13 million viewers for the live grand final at the end of each series. It has one of the most memorable catchphrases in TV history: 'Tonight Matthew, I'm going to be...' and was named Most Popular Entertainment Programme at the National Television Awards in 1996, 1998, 1999 and 2000. The show was nominated for the same award again in 1997, 2001 and 2002 but lost out to other ITV shows (An Evening With Lily Savage in 1997, My Kind of Music in 2001 and Pop Idol in 2002).
See also
Soundmixshow
European Soundmix Show
Stars in Euro Eyes 2001
Stars in Their Eyes European Championships 2002
References
External links
Stars in Their Eyes at BFI
Stars in Their Eyes Kids at BFI
Starstruck at UKGameshows.com
1990s British television series
2000s British television series
2010s British television series
2020s British television series
1990 British television series debuts
2006 British television series endings
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
2022 British television series debuts
British music television shows
English-language television shows
European Soundmix Show
ITV reality television shows
Singing talent shows
Television series by Endemol
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows set in Manchester
British television series revived after cancellation
Television shows produced by Granada Television
British television series based on Dutch television series
Cultural depictions of Freddie Mercury
Cultural depictions of Elvis Presley
Cultural depictions of Michael Jackson
Cultural depictions of Maria Callas
The Division of Wide Bay is an Australian electoral division in the state of Queensland.
Geography
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
History
The division was proclaimed in 1900, and was one of the original 65 divisions to be contested at the first federal election. Wide Bay is located in south east Queensland and includes the cities of Maryborough, Gympie, Noosa, all of Fraser Island, and inland areas extending west to Murgon.
Notable representatives have included three time Prime Minister Andrew Fisher, who was the seat's first member. However, it has been a conservative seat for most of its history; only one other Labor member has ever won it. Warren Truss, former leader of the National Party and Deputy Prime Minister of Australia, held the seat from 1990 to 2016.
Members
Election results
References
External links
Division of Wide Bay (Qld) — Australian Electoral Commission
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1901
1901 establishments in Australia
Federal politics in Queensland
Sunshine Coast, Queensland
Planets Under Attack is a strategy video game inspired by Galcon and developed by Targem Games.
Gameplay
Planets Under Attack is a strategy adventure game. The player controls a space fleet with the goal to conquer levels and to complete missions in the fight for dominance in multiple planetary systems. Each level provides a diversity of goals, modes and difficulty levels. The player can conquer an entire planet system before an infested planet hatches aliens, or conquer a planet and hold off all comers. Each mission offers three levels of difficulty, with each level unlocking additional challenges.The game mechanics are packed into missions like rotating asteroid belts, changing star constellations and varied objectives. By using tactics to complete objectives, the player will carve out a niche in the galaxy and level up to new ranks. A technology tree enables the player to strategically adapt to the game's increasing difficulty. The right combination of technologies is often the difference between victory and defeat. Technologies affect planetary defense, ship performance, and other boosts.
In addition to the single player campaign and skirmish modes, the game offers an online multiplayer mode with live battles. There are different game modes, Team Multiplayer, Elimination, Capture, King of the Hill, and Domination, two playable races, and different team constellations, Skirmish and Multiplayer. There are unlockable ranks, avatars and rewards.
Reception
The French magazine Joystick rated the game 13/20, criticizing the game for its repetitiveness but praising its gameplay and intuitiveness.
References
2012 video games
Strategy video games
Video games developed in Russia
Windows games
MacOS games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
TopWare Interactive games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Accra College of Medicine (ACM) is a private and independent Medical School located in Accra. ACM offers research oriented medical education that is focused towards solving Ghana and Africa's health problems.
The school was founded in 2013 as a private and independent educational facility in Accra. ACM offers admissions to prospective students of both Ghanaian and non-Ghanaian nationalities resident in Ghana or outside Ghana. The school integrates with public and private health facilities for the advancement of medical education in Ghana.
History
The Accra College of Medicine was founded in 2013 by Afua Adwo Jectey Hesse, who serves as the president of the institution and her husband; Adukwei Hesse, who serves as the vice-president of the institution.
Admission
The Accra College of Medicine accepts applications from both national and non-nationals resident in Ghana and outside Ghana.
For undergraduate applications, the school accepts applications from prospective students with the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) certificates or Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSSCE) certificates, IGCSE or GCE (Cambridge) 'O' levels certificates, GCE (Cambridge) 'A' Levels certificates, Bccalauréat (French), International Baccalaureate (IB), and certificates from American High Schools.
For graduate applications, prospective students who hold university degrees can be admitted subject to certain requirements. Prospective students who hold university degrees in a science discipline qualify if they graduated with at least a second class upper. Also, prospective students who hold degrees in the Liberal Arts, have taken university level science courses and whose background qualifications would have made them eligible to be admitted into a university science program also qualify for admission based on the results of an entrance exam and an interview.
Level of entry for prospective students is determined as follows;
Graduate students with a background in any science discipline will begin the programme as second year students while taking compulsory first year courses.
Graduate students with a background in the Liberal Arts will begin as first year students.
Affiliation
The Accra College of Medicine is affiliated to the University of Ghana and students are awarded with a MBChB degree after graduation. The school is mentored by University of Ghana School of Medicine and Dentistry.
Accra College of Medicine
Medical schools in Ghana
2013 establishments in Ghana
Knut ("Kupper'n") Johannesen (born 6 November 1933) is a former speed skater from Norway.
Biography
Born in Oslo and representing the skating club ASK (Arbeidernes Skøyteklubb – later called Aktiv Skøyteklubb) Johannesen won the World Allround Championships in 1957 and 1964, the European Allround Championships in 1959 and 1960, and won the Norwegian Allround Championships eight times (1955 and 1957–1963). He was Olympic Champion twice – on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley and on the 5,000 m at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. He led the Adelskalender for a total of 1,100 days. For his achievements, he received the 1959 Oscar Mathisen Award and was elected Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year in 1960.
Johannesen also set a total of four world records over the course of his career, the most famous of which was his 15:46.6 on the 10,000 m at the 1960 Olympics. The Soviet-Russian skaters Nikolay Shtelbaums and Vladimir Shilykovsky had earlier improved on the equally famous 1952 world record 16.32.6 of Hjalmar Andersen, but his time of 15:46.6, along with Kjell Bäckman's time of 16:14.2 from an earlier pair, was the first officially recognised world record achievement since 1952.
Beside skating, Johannesen worked as a carpenter and later ran a gas station.
Records
World records
Over the course of his career, Johannesen skated four world records:
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com
Personal records
To put these personal records in perspective, the column WR lists the official world records on the dates that Johannesen skated his personal records.
Johannesen has an Adelskalender score of 178.358 points. He held first place on the Adelskalender for a total of 1,100 days during two periods between 1960 and 1964.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Eng, Trond. All-Time International Championships, Complete Results: 1889 – 2002. Askim, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 2002.
Eng, Trond; Gjerde, Arild and Teigen, Magne. Norsk Skøytestatistikk Gjennom Tidene, Menn/Kvinner, 1999 (6. utgave). Askim/Skedsmokorset/Veggli, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 1999.
Eng, Trond; Gjerde, Arild; Teigen, Magne and Teigen, Thorleiv. Norsk Skøytestatistikk Gjennom Tidene, Menn/Kvinner, 2004 (7. utgave). Askim/Skedsmokorset/Veggli/Hokksund, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 2004.
Eng, Trond and Teigen, Magne. Komplette Resultater fra offisielle Norske Mesterskap på skøyter, 1894 – 2005. Askim/Veggli, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 2005.
Johannesen, Knut. Fra Kampen til Squaw Valley. Oslo, Norway: Aschehoug, 1956.
Johannesen, Knut. På'n igjen. Oslo, Norway: Aschehoug, 1960.
Teigen, Magne. Komplette Resultater Norske Mesterskap På Skøyter, 1887 – 1989: Menn/Kvinner, Senior/Junior. Veggli, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 1989.
Teigen, Magne. Komplette Resultater Internasjonale Mesterskap 1889 – 1989: Menn/Kvinner, Senior/Junior, allround/sprint. Veggli, Norway: WSSSA-Skøytenytt, 1989.
External links
Knut Johannesen at SpeedSkatingStats.com
Personal records from Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Evert Stenlund's Adelskalender pages
Historical World Records from the International Skating Union
National Championships results from Norges Skøyteforbund (the Norwegian Skating Association)
1933 births
Living people
World record setters in speed skating
Norwegian male speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of Norway
Olympic gold medalists for Norway
Olympic silver medalists for Norway
Olympic bronze medalists for Norway
Speed skaters at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Oslo
Olympic medalists in speed skating
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Winter Olympics
World Allround Speed Skating Championships medalists
Iona Wynter-Parks (born November 25, 1968 in London, England), née Wynter is a former triathlete and cyclist from Jamaica.
Wynter-Parks was born to a Jamaican father and a German mother, and moved to Jamaica aged two. Wynter was educated at Campion College, Jamaica, the University of the West Indies, Dalhousie University, Georgia State University and Laval University, where she combined studies with triathlon training and employment, including modelling swimwear for Louis Garneau. Subsequently she secured funding from compatriot Chris Blackwell, founder of Island Records. Wynter finished 13th in the triathlon at the 1999 Pan American Games, qualifying her for the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took thirty-fourth place with a total time of 2:10:24.69.
Wynter subsequently shifted her focus to cycling. She won a gold medal in the cycling road race at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games. She rode on a professional U.S. cycling team sponsored by Italian olive oil company Colavita and headed by celebrated American cyclist Tina Pic. She also served as director of the Colavita team for the 2009 season. After the original Colavita team was dissolved in October 2011, she became a director of the new Colavita-espnW team established in 2012, alongside her former team-mate Pic. She was a member of the Autotrader.com team and then rode for Genesis-Scuba before entering into semi-retirement in order to balance her teaching career. She rode the 2005 season for Travel Girls and as a guest rider for the Quark Cycling Team.
She won the Central American and Caribbean Road Race Championships in 2002 and in 2006 became the Scratch Race Champion in the same Games. She has competed in the Pan American Games and the Commonwealth Games on the road and the track. She also competed in the Giro d'Italia Femminile. She hoped to compete in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, but failed to qualify. Only a very few athletes have qualified for the Olympic Games in two sports.
Wynter-Parks serves as first vice-president of the Jamaican Cycling Federation. She has also been the director of FieldSpa, a spa based at the Goldeneye Hotel and Resort developed on the former estate of Ian Fleming.
References
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from London
Jamaican female triathletes
Jamaican female cyclists
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Jamaica
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Jamaica
Cyclists at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Jamaica
Jamaican people of German descent
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Jamaica
Competitors at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in cycling
The Son de los Diablos is an Afro-Peruvian dance that developed as a mixture between African, Spanish, and Amerindian rhythms. Nicomedes Santa Cruz explains that, despite popular opinion, the Son de los Diablos has no links with African rituals or with the Andean Morenada, but rather it has a very slight similarity with the Diabladas of Oruro (Bolivia).
Name
In English, the name directly translates as "Song of the Devils".
History
Developed during the Viceroyalty of Peru with origins in Spain, the Son de los Diablos was assimilated by the black slaves living in the Spanish colony. After the independence of Peru in 1821, people of African descent lived in alleys near churches and plazas of Lima, where festivities were held. Before the celebrations, blacks joined the festivities by forming gangs that danced the Son de los Diablos.
Much like the Diablada, the Son de los Diablos was heavily influenced by the Spanish Corpus Christi celebrations, it was predominantly practiced by an ethnic community (in this case the Afro-Peruvian community), and it was banned from religious celebrations by the Catholic Church in 1817. Nonetheless, the dance would remain an important part of carnival celebrations in Lima up until the early 20th century. The dance would gain a revival in the 1950s when Jose Durand used Pancho Fierro's depictions of the dance and the information provided by old Son de los Diablos dancers in order to once again bring the dance back to life.
Music
A distinguishing factor of the Son de los Diablos is its usage of such instruments as the Cajita, a small wooden box that opens and closes creating a distinctive sound, and the Quijada, the jawbone of a horse, donkey, or mule, that when hit creates a raspy buzz.
References
Peruvian dances
White Rock is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Tayport Football Club are a Scottish Junior football club from Tayport, Fife. Formed in 1947, they play their home games at The Canniepairt. Nicknamed the Port, the club's colours are red, white and black.
They presently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League.
Although the club is based in Fife, their close geographical location to Dundee and Angus meant that, when they became a junior club, they chose to join the Tayside League rather than the Fife League. They had phenomenal success in the 1990s and early-2000s, winning the league they were competing in every season since 1990–91, bar four times when they managed to finish as runners-up.
History
For over a century the game of football has been a major influence in most communities in Scotland. Tayport, a small former burgh of just under 9,000 inhabitants, situated on Fife's most northern extremity on the south bank of the River Tay, is no exception.
From Victorian times, through to the Second World War, the town has always had at least one football club. Information from those days is sketchy, but we do know that Tayport had a Junior club pre-First World War, winning the East of Fife Cup in 1905, for example. The Great War in 1914 effectively signalled the demise of Junior football in the town for 75 years.
Throughout the 1920s and 1930s there were various amateur clubs in the town, but success was fleeting and there is little recorded history. After the Second World War and the second half of the 20th century beckoning, The town's football club was Tayport Violet. In 1947 a new club emerged as rivals to Violet when Tayport Amateurs was formed by local lads who had been playing friendlies together as a Senior Boy Scouts team. This was the birth of the club we know today.
These local lads entered the Amateurs team in the Midlands Amateurs' Alliance League, a league which was essentially for clubs' reserve XIs. Local rivals Violet played in the Midlands' top division. By 1950, the Midlands Amateur Football Association was expanding and in the reorganised leagues, both the Violet and the Amateurs found themselves in Division Two.
Promotion was swift and the two teams finished the season in first and second spots respectively. 1952–53 saw Violet and the Amateurs finish second and third in the First Division behind the champions, YM Anchorage, who incidentally had won every title since 1933. Then, suddenly, Violet were gone. Despite finishing runners-up, it was their last season.
There were contrasting fortunes for the Amateurs during the 1950s and 1960s, but despite experiencing some quite often desperate times, the club managed to survive. That survival was important and a significant factor in the success the club was to enjoy during the latter part of the century. A new, young committee emerged in the late 1960s and the 1970s was a reasonably successful era, with the club establishing itself as a major force in the amateur game.
The club, which had always played its football on the East Common, required more modern accommodation and, at the invitation of Tayport Town Council, in 1975, moved across the factory burn from the East Common to The Canniepairt. This was formerly poor farming land which had been allowed to go to waste but which had recently been used by the Army for its Polex 70 Exercise. Clubrooms were constructed and, like the ground, were subjected to various upgrades in order to provide the accommodation which the club, and indeed, the community, now enjoys.
In 1980, the club which, since 1953 had run an Alliance, or Reserve XI, started a third team – the Fife XI – which was to enjoy 11 successful seasons in the East Fife Amateur Association and for one season, the Kingdom Caledonian League.
As the club's standing in the game developed, the committee felt the time was right to take a further step and, in 1990, the club's Junior team was launched and the name of the club became, quite simply, 'Tayport Football Club', a name which could embrace both amateur and junior grades. The enthusiasm for amateur football in the town waned, and through a lack of local players, season 2000–01 was to be the club's last in the Amateurs Leagues.
Since the club joined the Junior ranks in the Tayside League, the success which the club has enjoyed has been phenomenal and is unsurpassed in 120 years' history of the Junior game. Virtually every honour the game has to offer has come Tayport's way, culminating in six Scottish Junior Cup Final appearances, with three wins – 1996, 2003 and 2005. Six live TV appearances and sustained media spotlight has raised the profile of the previously unknown former harbour and railway town to a hitherto unknown level.
The team are managed since November 2018 by Stevie Kay.
Honours
Scottish Junior Cup
Winners: 1995–96, 2002–03, 2004–05
Runners-up: 1992–93, 1996–97, 2003–04
SJFA East Region Superleague
Winners: 2002–03, 2005–06
Runners-Up: 2003–04, 2004–05
SJFA East Region Premier League
Winners: 2009–10, 2015–16
Other honours
North & Tayside (NCR) Cup: 1991–92, 1994–95, 1999–00, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2003–04
Tayside Premier Division winners: 1991–92, 1992–93, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1995–96, 1998–99, 1999–00, 2000–01, 2001–02
Tayside Division One winners: 1990–91
Currie (Findlay & Co) Cup: 1990–91, 1991–92, 1992–93, 1993–94, 1998–99, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2004–05, 2006–07
North End Challenge Cup: 2000–01, 2002–03
DJ Laing Homes League Cup: 1997–98, 2001–02
Intersport Cup: 1990–91, 1993–94
Perth Advertiser Cup: 1990–91, 1995–96
Premier/Division One Winners Herschell Cup: 1990–91, 1992–93, 1993–94, 1995–96, 1998–99, 1999–00, 2000–01, 2001–02
Cream of the Barley Cup: 1994–95
Redwood Leisure Cup: 2007–08 (after protest)
References
External links
Official club site
Facebook
Twitter
Online archive of Tayport FC Programmes
Football clubs in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Association football clubs established in 1947
Football clubs in Fife
1947 establishments in Scotland
Tayport
Max Kozloff (born 1933) is an American art historian, art critic of modern art and photographer. He has been art editor at The Nation, and Executive Editor of Artforum. His essay "American Painting During the Cold War" is of particular importance to the criticism on American Abstract Expressionism.
Kozloff received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1968 and an Infinity Award for Writing from the International Center of Photography in 1990.
Early life and education
Kozloff was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from the University of Chicago in 1953. Between 1954 and 1956 he served in the U.S. Army, before returning to the University of Chicago for his M.A. degree in 1958. He joined New York University's Institute of Fine Arts in 1959 to pursue a Ph.D. degree, and was subsequently awarded a Fulbright Fellowship for 1962–1963.
Career
He started his career with a teaching position at New York University (NYU), and joined The Nation as art critic in 1961, where he worked until 1968, and Art International.
In 1964, he left NYU without a degree and began working at Artforum as an associate editor. In 1965 he received an Ingram Merrill Foundation Fellowship, and in 1966, received the Frank Jewett Mather Award for art criticism from the College Art Association of America. He became Artforum'''s contributing editor in 1967 and rose up to become its executive editor between 1975 and 1977. Meanwhile in 1976, he became an art photographer, and in the following years held numerous shows and became a photography critic.
He joined the faculty of School of Visual Arts in 1989. He also remained a faculty at the California Institute of the Arts.
Personal life
Kozloff married the artist Joyce Blumberg in 1967.
In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War.
Publications
Jasper Johns, Abrams, 1972.
Cubism/Futurism (1973).
Photography & fascination: Essays (1979).
Leon Levinstein: the moment of exposure. National Gallery of Canada, 1995. .
Cultivated Impasses: Essays on the Waning of the Avant-Garde, 1964–1975 (2000).
New York: Capital of Photography (2002). .
The Theatre of the Face: Portrait Photography Since 1900'' Phaidon, 2007. .
Awards
1968: Guggenheim Fellowship from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, New York City
1990: Infinity Award for Writing from the International Center of Photography, New York City
References
External links
Entry on Kozloff at Dictionary of Art Historians
American art historians
1933 births
Living people
Writers from Chicago
University of Chicago alumni
The Nation (U.S. magazine) people
American art critics
Jewish American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Photography academics
Photography critics
American photographers
American magazine editors
School of Visual Arts faculty
California Institute of the Arts faculty
New York University faculty
Frank Jewett Mather Award winners
American tax resisters
New York University Institute of Fine Arts alumni
Activists from California
Historians of photography
Historians from Illinois
21st-century American Jews
Gauda, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3325 people living in 650 individual households.
2015 Nepal earthquake
The village was affected by the earthquake on 25 April 2015. It along with Bichaur, Dudhpokhari, Ilampokhari, Kolki and Pyarjung were the most affected villages in Lamjung district. Nepti Tamang, 91, Sher Bahadur Tamang, 62, and three-and-a-half-month-old Sumit Bika were three of the four deaths in Lamjung district.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Lanton Tower is a 16th-century tower house, about northwest of Jedburgh, Scottish Borders, Scotland, at Lanton.
History
In 1513 the tower was sacked. By 1627 is belonged to the Cranstons. Douglas of Cavers had acquired it by 1627.
It has been altered, with a modern mansion, attached, and restored in 1989.
Structure
The tower is rectangular; it has three storeys, and a garret. The upper part has been altered, and many windows enlarged. It had a vaulted basement, with a hatch in the wall. There are two gun-loops, in the west wall.
Before alteration the tower may have been L-plan. Its dimensions are north to south, and east to west.
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in Scotland
References
Castles in the Scottish Borders
The American Kantorei is a chorus and orchestra based in St. Louis, Missouri, and dedicated to performing the music of Johann Sebastian Bach in performances accessible to all audiences.
The American Kantorei was incorporated as an independent Missouri nonprofit organization in July 2017. Previously, the group operated under the auspices of Concordia Seminary in Clayton, Missouri, and performed in the Bach at the Sem concert series for more than 25 years.
Depending on the requirements of each performance, the American Kantorei averages 30 members in the choir and 10 members in the orchestra.
Repertoire
The American Kantorei presents several concerts each year and specializes in the performance of Johann Sebastian Bach's sacred choral works in the original German, as well as music of Schütz, Buxtehude, Mendelssohn, and other Lutheran composers.
History
Following its beginning in 1955 with a performance of Johannes Brahms' Deutsches Requiem, the Concordia Cantata Chorus developed into a well-known ensemble dedicated to the music of Bach, Handel, Buxtehude, Schein, Schütz, Praetorius, Monteverdi, Gabrieli, Hillert, Wienhorst, Willan, Britten, Vaughan Williams, and others.
In 1968, the American Kantorei was founded by Concordia Seminary professor Robert R. Bergt.
In 1993, after an interregnum of some years during which Bergt served as Orchestra Conductor and Graduate Professor of Chamber Music at the conservatory Musashino Academia Musicae in Tokyo, Japan, the Kantorei began an annual series of concerts, denominated Bach at the Sem, on the campus of Concordia Seminary. In1995, Bergt returned permanently to St. Louis and became the Artist in Residence/Bach Scholar‐Lecturer at Concordia Seminary until his death in 2011.
In 2011, Dr. Jeral Becker, Director of Vocal and Choral Activities at St. Louis University, was appointed as Interim Music Director of Bach at the Sem and The American Kantorei.
In 2014, Dr. Maurice Boyer, professor of music at Concordia University Chicago, became the music director for the Kantorei with Becker continuing as the assistant music director.
The American Kantorei held its last concert at Concordia Seminary in May 2017 and was incorporated as an independent Missouri nonprofit organization in July 2017.
References
External links
Bach at the Sem on the Concordia Seminary website
Works Performed 1993-2017 on the Concordia Seminary website
The American Kantorei - Ensemble website
Past & Upcoming Performances 2019-Present
Baroque musicians
Early music groups
The Strabane and Letterkenny Railway was a narrow gauge railway line between Strabane, County Tyrone and Letterkenny, County Donegal in Ireland.
History
The County Donegal Railways Joint Committee (CDRJC) constructed the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway. It opened for public service on 1 January 1909 with a route length of 19.25 miles.
It was the last railway constructed by the CDRJC bringing the network operated by this company to 121 miles.
The company pioneered the use of diesel operated railcars, but despite this innovation, closure came at the end of 1959, and the railway was shut on 1 January 1960.
Stations
Strabane
Lifford Halt
Ballindrait
Coolaghy Halt
Raphoe
Convoy
Cornagillagh Halt
Glenmaquin
Letterkenny
See also
List of narrow gauge railways in Ireland
Notes
Transport companies of the Republic of Ireland
Closed railways in Ireland
Closed railways in Northern Ireland
Transport in County Donegal
Transport in County Tyrone
3 ft gauge railways in Ireland
Railway lines opened in 1909
Strabane
Hkakaborazi National Park is a national park in northern Myanmar with an area of . It was established in 1998.
It surrounds Hkakabo Razi, the highest mountain in the country.
It ranges in elevation from comprising evergreen forest and mixed deciduous forests in Nogmung Township, Kachin State. It is managed by the Nature and Wildlife Conservation Division.
It is contiguous with Bumhpa Bum Wildlife Sanctuary and Hukaung Valley Wildlife Sanctuary. These protected areas together with Hponkanrazi Wildlife Sanctuary comprise the largest continuous expanse of natural forest called the Northern Forest Complex stretching over an area of . Its objective is to conserve the biodiversity of the Ayeyarwady and Chindwin river basins.
Biodiversity
Flora
The vegetation in Hkakaborazi National Park comprises broadleafed evergreen and mixed deciduous forest. Shrubs growing in riverine areas include Rhododendron simsii, Homonoia riparia, Ficus, Phyllanthus, Ligustrum, Camellia and Euonymus species. Flowering trees like Wightia gigantea, Dipterocarpus alatus, Elaeocarpus, Nephelium, Bauhinia, Schima, Fagraea, Aeschynanthus and Magnoliaceae grow at elevations of about . Altingia excelsa, Terminalia myriocarpa, Selaginella, Lysimachia, Impatiens and at least six Begonia species are among the flowering plants growing at elevations of about . Albizia, Alnus, Ficus, Saurauia, Callicarpa arborea grow in selectively logged areas. Diverse bamboo species grow in all forest zones up to . Alpine vegetation includes plum-flowered rhododendron (Rhododendron pruniflorum), Rhododendron selense, Primula sikkimensis, Gentiana sino-ornata and Saussurea gossypiphora.
Seventeen orchid species were recorded during expeditions in 1996 and 1997, including black orchid (Paphiopedilum wardii), ivory-colored cymbidium (Cymbidium eburneum), aloe-leafed cymbidium (Cymbidium aloifolium), Aerides falcata, Arundina graminifolia, Bulbophyllum odoratissimum, Dendrobium hercoglossum, charming dendrobium (Dendrobium pulchellum), pinecone-like raceme dendrobium (Dendrobium thyrsiflorum) and Phaius tankervilleae.
Mammals
During expeditions in 1996 and 1997, a new muntjac species, the leaf muntjac (Muntiacus putaoensis), was discovered in lowland forest of Hkakaborazi Protected Area. Local hunters reported blue sheep (Pseudois nayaur), red serow (Capricornis rubidus) and takin (Budorcas taxicolor) to occur in the foothills of Hkakabo Razi mountain. Red goral (Naemorhedus baileyi) was sighted.
During surveys between May 2002 and May 2003, Indian muntjac (Muntiacus muntjac), leaf muntjac, wild boar (Sus scrofa), mainland serow (Capricornis milneedwardsii), stump-tailed macaque (Macaca arctoides), rhesus macaque (M. mulatta), capped langur (Trachypithecus pileatus), western hoolock gibbon (Hoolock hoolock), Malayan porcupine (Hystrix brachyura), brush-tailed porcupine (Atherurus macrourus), Asiatic golden cat (Catopuma temminkii), sun bear (Helarctos malayanus), dhole (Cuon alpinus), binturong (Arctictis binturong), masked palm civet (Paguma larvata), hog badger (Arctonyx collaris) and orange-bellied Himalayan squirrel (Dremomys lokriah) were recorded.
Wildlife recorded during camera trapping surveys in 2003 and 2004 comprised yellow-throated marten (Martes flavigula), spotted linsang (Prionodon pardicolor), Chinese ferret-badger (Melogale moschata), clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa), marbled cat (Pardofelis marmorata) and leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis).
Birds
Among the 160 bird species sighted during a survey in spring 1997 were crested serpent eagle (Spilornis cheela), Indian paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone paradisi), Kalij pheasant (Lophura leucomelanos), Himalayan monal (Lophophorus impejanus), rufous-necked hornbill (Aceros nipalensis), great hornbill (Buceros bicornis), wreathed hornbill (Rhyticeros undulatus), Oriental pied hornbill (Anthracoceros albirostris), great barbet (Psilopogon virens), golden-throated barbet (P. franklinii), blue-throated barbet (P. asiaticus), ibisbill (Ibidorhyncha struthersii), rosy minivet (Pericrocotus roseus), scarlet minivet (P. speciosus), red-whiskered bulbul (Pycnonotus jocosus), common emerald dove (Chalcophaps indica), rufous treepie (Dendrocitta vagabunda), red-headed trogon (Harpactes erythrocephalus), maroon oriole (Oriolus traillii), Asian fairy-bluebird (Irena puella), golden babbler (Cyanoderma chrysaea), rusty-naped pitta (Hydrornis oatesi) and purple sunbird (Cinnyris asiaticus).
In 2005, the Naung Mung scimitar babbler (Jabouilleia naungmungensis) was described based on three zoological specimens collected southwest of Hkakaborazi National Park in disturbed primary forest at an elevation of .
See also
References
External links
National parks of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1996
ASEAN heritage parks
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
Evacetrapib was a drug under development by Eli Lilly & Company (investigational name LY2484595) that inhibits cholesterylester transfer protein (CETP inhibitor). CETP collects triglycerides from very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL) or low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and exchanges them for cholesteryl esters from high-density lipoproteins (HDL), and vice versa, but primarily increasing high-density lipoprotein and lowering low-density lipoprotein. It is thought that modifying lipoprotein levels modifies the risk of cardiovascular disease. The first CETP inhibitor, torcetrapib, was unsuccessful because it increased levels of the hormone aldosterone and increased blood pressure, which led to excess cardiac events when it was studied. Evacetrapib does not have the same effect. When studied in a small clinical trial in people with elevated LDL and low HDL, significant improvements were noted in their lipid profile.
Evacetrapib evaluation for treatment of high-risk vascular disease was discontinued due to lack of efficacy, as had already happened in the past with two other CETP inhibitors (torcetrapib and dalcetrapib) due to increased deaths and little identifiable cardiovascular benefit (despite substantial increases in HDL). Some hypothesize that CETP inhibitors may still be useful in the treatment of dyslipidemia, though significant caution is warranted. Anacetrapib is the fourth CETP inhibitor being tried for cardiovascular benefit
Trials
ACCELERATE
In a 2014 study in 165 Japanese patients Evacetrapib decreased CETP activity alone or in combination with atorvastatin.
Phase III trial was terminated due to futility. ACCELERATE studied evacetrapib in participants with high-risk vascular disease (previous myocardial infarction, stroke or peripheral vascular disease, or several cardiovascular risk factors). An interim analysis performed in October 7 led the Data Monitoring Committee to support a recommendation to stop the study as the totality of evidence suggested that evacetrapib was unlikely to be superior to placebo. ACCENTUATE is studying patients with hyperlipidemia or diabetes.
On April 3, 2016 at the American College of Cardiology cardiologists first saw the data for Eli Lilly's ACCELERATE trial of Evacetrapib involving 12,000 patients. They were "stunned" by the result which showed there was no benefit from taking evacetrapib—434 participants who took Evacetrapib died from "cardiovascular disease, such as a heart attack or a stroke" and 444 participants who took a placebo died. The ACCELERATE trial led by Dr. Stephen J. Nicholls who observed,
References
Hypolipidemic agents
Tetrazoles
Trifluoromethyl compounds
Carboxylic acids
Mamoona Hashmi () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election. She resigned from her National Assembly seat in 2012 after joining Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.
Personal life
She was born to politician and former federal minister Javed Hashmi.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan Muslim League (N) MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
The 2004–05 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the second staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 2002.
On 28 March 2005, Galmoy won the championship following a 2–18 to 0–9 defeat of Oran in the final.
Results
Connacht Junior Club Hurling Championship
Final
Leinster Junior Club Hurling Championship
First round
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Junior Club Hurling Championship
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2004
Bamatat () is a populated place in the Vlorë County of Albania. It is part of the municipality of Delvinë. The village is inhabited by Muslim Albanians.
References
Populated places in Delvinë
Villages in Vlorë County
Opisthotropis jacobi, the Chapa mountain keelback or Jacob's Mountain stream keelback, is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam and China.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1933
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles of China
Taxa named by Fernand Angel
Taxa named by René Léon Bourret
Jarred Cole (born 28 June 2000) is an English professional darts player who plays in events of the World Darts Federation.
Career
2017
Cole first started his professional career playing in British Darts Organisation and Junior Darts Corporation events. In 2017 Cole managed to pick up three wins on the Junior Darts Corporation UK Tour. Further on in 2017 Cole was also selected to play in the 2017 Finder Darts Masters Youth event for the BDO where he won beating Nathan Girvan 2-0 in the Final as of the 21st of February 2019 this remains Coles only TV title.
2018
Cole played in the PDC Development Tour and on the PDC Pro Tour this year and at the PDC Development tour 16 Cole claimed his first PDC Title. Cole had also won a one year scholarship from the PDPA and JDC to play on the Pro Tour but as this expired at the end of 2018 Cole had to go to Q-School at the start of 2019.
2019
Cole went to PDC Q-School where he failed to gain a two-year tour card. Cole has since started playing on the PDC Challenge Tour.
World Championship results
WDF
2022: Third round (lost to Brian Raman 0-3)
References
2000 births
Living people
Professional Darts Corporation associate players
English darts players
People from Hatfield, Hertfordshire
British Darts Organisation players
Sportspeople from London
A statue of Rafael Preciado Hernández is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
John George Meyers (February 14, 1865 – November 12, 1943) was an American Major League Baseball third baseman. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence.
External links
1865 births
1943 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball third basemen
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Someone Like Me is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Steve J. Adams and Sean Horlor and released in 2021. The film centres on Drake, a gay man from Uganda who moves to Vancouver, British Columbia as a refugee, and the group of Canadians who have agreed to sponsor him through Rainbow Refugee; it documents his arrival in Vancouver and his adaptation to Canadian life, including friction among his sponsors when all he wants to do is celebrate his new freedom by partying, and the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic as a complicating factor.
The film premiered at the 2021 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, where it was named one of five winners of the Rogers Audience Award. It was subsequently screened at the DOXA Documentary Film Festival.
The film was a finalist for Best British Columbia Film at the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards 2021, and a nominee for the DGC Allan King Award for Best Documentary Film at the 2021 Directors Guild of Canada awards.
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
2021 LGBT-related films
Canadian documentary films
Canadian LGBT-related films
Documentary films about refugees
Documentary films about gay men
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
Films shot in Vancouver
2020s Canadian films
Renato Bracci (8 September 1904 in Livorno – 2 March 1975) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the men's eight competition.
References
External links
profile
1904 births
1975 deaths
Sportspeople from Livorno
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
was a major general in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
Biography
Yamada was born in Tokyo. He graduated from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1911, and served as a lieutenant in the IJA 15th Engineering Battalion. He became an instructor at the Army Institute of Technology in 1925 and was promoted to major in 1928 and lieutenant colonel in 1933, and colonel in 1938. In 1939, he became commander of the Imperial Guards Engineering Battalion. Yamada was promoted to major general in October 1941 and assigned as Chief of the Ordnance Section, Eastern Army.
On February 23, 1943 Yamada became the commanding officer of the 1st Naval Transport Command. He played a major role in the Battle of Finschhafen in New Guinea between September 22 and October 24, 1943. Yamada was assigned to defend Finschhafen with 1200 mostly non-combatant troops (barge operators and mechanics). Realizing that he would not be able to hold against the Allied attack, IJA 18th Army commander, Lieutenant General Hatazo Adachi, managed to send 4000 reinforcements from the IJA 20th Division before the battle. Nevertheless, Yamada was driven from Finschhafen and was unable to recover it in his counterattack. Yamada was evacuated after the battle and from June 1945 was reassigned to the staff of the IJA 18th Army.
References
Footnotes
Japanese generals
1889 births
1950 deaths
People from Tokyo
Imperial Japanese Army generals of World War II
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Dominic Thiem was the defending champion and successfully defended his title, defeating Alexander Zverev in the final, 6–4, 3–6, 6–0.
Seeds
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Singles
Dalia Cristina Fernández Sánchez (born January 3, 1990 in Santiago de los Caballeros) is a Dominican beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Dominican Republic 2011 and represented the country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.
In 2012 she was elected by Luz García's Noche de Luz programme as a "Summer's Hot Body".
Early life
Prior to her participation in Miss Dominican Republic 2011, Fernández competed in Reina Mundial del Banano 2009 in Machala, Ecuador on September 23, 2009. As the eventual first runner-up of the event, she won a crown made of 500 green pearls, tourmaline gem stones, and 700 crystals in silver finish. Fernández is currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in psychology.
Miss Dominican Republic 2011
Fernández competed as the representative of Santiago, one of 36 finalists in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Dominican Republic 2011, broadcast live from Santo Domingo on March 8, 2011, where she became the eventual winner of the title, gaining the right to represent the Dominican Republic in Miss Universe 2011.
Miss Universe 2011
Fernández represented the Dominican Republic to the Miss Universe 2011]] pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011, where she competed to succeed the outgoing titleholder, Ximena Navarrete of Mexico but failed to place in the semifinals.
References
External links
Official Miss Dominican Republic website
1990 births
Living people
People from Santiago de los Caballeros
Miss Dominican Republic
Miss Universe 2011 contestants
The Major Mining Sites of Wallonia is a UNESCO World Heritage Site comprising four sites in Wallonia in southern Belgium associated with the Belgian coal mining industry of the 19th and 20th centuries. The four sites of the grouping, situated in the French-speaking Hainaut Province and Liège Province, comprise Grand-Hornu, the Bois-du-Luc, the Bois du Cazier and Blegny-Mine.
Description
The site was recognized by the UNESCO commission in 2012 and is officially described:
History
During the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century, mining and the heavy industry that relied on coal formed a major part of Belgium's economy. Most of this mining and industry took place in the sillon industriel ("industrial valley" in French), a strip of land running across the country where many of the largest cities in Wallonia are located. The named locations of this World Heritage Site are all situated in or near the area of the sillon industriel.
The mining sector in Belgium declined during the 20th century during deindustrialization and today the four mines listed are no longer operational. Today, they are each open to visitors as museums and are an important part of Belgian industrial heritage.
Sites
See also
Belgium in "the long nineteenth century"
Industrial archaeology
The International Committee for the Conservation of the Industrial Heritage
References
Further reading
World Heritage Sites in Belgium
Industrial history of Belgium
Walloon culture
Jericho Moon is a 1998 fantasy novel by American author Matthew Stover. The sequel to his first book, Iron Dawn, the story follows the adventures of three Bronze Age mercenaries who are hired to defend the city of Jericho from the Israelites.
American fantasy novels
1998 American novels
1998 fantasy novels
Roc Books books
Kruplivnik (; in older sources also Koprivnik, Prekmurje Slovene: Krplivnik) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Kruplivnik on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Grad
The Suzhou Silk Museum is a museum in Suzhou, China. It documents the history of silk production and Suzhou embroidery from around 2000 BC. Exhibits include old looms with demonstrations, samples of ancient silk patterns, and an explanation of sericulture. Of major note is a room full of live silk worms, eating mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons. By December, 2009, the live silkworms had been replaced with models.
References
External links
Suzhou Silk Museum
Museums in Suzhou
Textile museums in China
Delnice () is a town in western Croatia, the largest settlement in the mountainous region of Gorski Kotar, in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. The town has a population of 4,379, and total municipality population is 5,952 (2011). Delnice is Gorski Kotar's main town.
Demographics
The municipality consists of the following settlements:
Bela Vodica, population 24
Belo, population 9
Biljevina, population 4
Brod na Kupi, population 207
Crni Lug, population 253
Čedanj, population 9
Dedin, population 93
Delnice, population 4,379
Donja Krašićevica, no population
Donje Tihovo, population 5
Donji Ložac, population 6
Donji Okrug, population 2
Donji Turni, no population
Gašparci, population 15
Golik, population 16
Gornja Krašićevica, population 2
Gornje Tihovo, population 6
Gornji Ložac, population 10
Gornji Okrug, population 2
Gornji Turni, population 13
Grbajel, population 17
Guče Selo, population 27
Gusti Laz, population 4
Hrvatsko, population 49
Iševnica, population 9
Kalić, population 4
Kočičin, population 1
Krivac, population 23
Kupa, population 8
Kuželj, population 52
Leska, population 3
Lučice, population 332
Mala Lešnica, population 8
Malo Selo, population 62
Marija Trošt, population 46
Plajzi, no population
Podgora Turkovska, population 8
Požar, population 8
Radočaj Brodski, population 40
Raskrižje Tihovo, population 7
Razloge, population 8
Razloški Okrug, population 5
Sedalce, population 16
Srednja Krašićevica, no population
Suhor, no population
Ševalj, no population
Turke, population 31
Velika Lešnica, population 16
Velika Voda, no population
Zagolik, no population
Zakrajc Turkovski, population 2
Zalesina, population 41
Zamost Brodski, population 36
Zapolje Brodsko, population 34
Zelin Crnoluški, no population
History
The town was first mentioned in a 1482 document issued by Sabor, the Croatian Parliament.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Delnice was a district capital in the Modruš-Rijeka County of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia.
Transportation
Delnice is well connected to numerous local and national destinations by train and bus. Rijeka (Croatia's third largest city) is half an hour away by road.
Tourism
Delnice, along with the surrounding county of Gorski Kotar's pristine nature offer a plethora of outdoor opportunities for an active vacation. Some of the activities include Cycling, Mountain Climbing, Rock Climbing, Running, Hiking, Cross Country running, Skiing, Cross Country Skiing, Snowboarding, Camping, Kayaking, River Rafting and Hunting. Delnice has many shops, bars and restaurants.
References
External links
History of Delnice
Tourist information
Cities and towns in Croatia
Populated places in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County
Modruš-Rijeka County
1482 establishments in Europe
15th-century establishments in Croatia
Al-Quds Mosque (, Berber: ⵎⴻⵣⴳⵉⴷⴰ ⵍⵇⵓⴷⵙ) formerly , is a mosque in the Roches Noires neighborhood of Casablanca, Morocco. It was originally built as a church built in a Neo-Gothic style, but it was converted into a mosque after Morocco's independence.
History
The Church of Saint Margaret () was built by a Frenchman named Eugène Lendrat—the founder of the Roches Noires neighborhood—in 1920, copying a church called , built in 1860 by Émile Boeswillwald in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques.
The Church of Saint Margaret was transformed into a mosque in 1981, at the time of the Moroccanization policies of Hassan II, which led to a mass exodus of Europeans from Morocco.
References
Mosques in Morocco
Buildings and structures in Casablanca
Mosques converted from churches
John Calnan (February 26, 1932 – December 27, 2016) was an American comics artist best known as the co-creator of Lucius Fox with writer Len Wein.
Early life
John Calnan graduated from the School of Visual Arts in New York City. One of his instructors was Jerry Robinson.
Career
John Calnan's first work in the comic book industry was with fellow artist Tom Gill on The Lone Ranger series. Calnan later moved into the advertising field. He stated in a 2011 interview that he "became an advertising art director and TV producer for agencies and still kept the comic work on the side." Calnan began working for DC Comics in 1966 and drew a large number of stories for that publisher's horror comics titles such as Ghosts, The Unexpected, and The Witching Hour. His earliest credited work at DC Comics appeared in Our Fighting Forces #104 (Nov.–Dec. 1966). He worked primarily with editors Murray Boltinoff, Joe Orlando, and Robert Kanigher. A "Johnny Peril" story drawn by Calnan for The Unexpected series in 1969 was put into inventory and finally published ten years later in the APA-I fanzine. Calnan was the main artist on the "Metamorpho" back-up feature in Action Comics and World's Finest Comics. He later became the regular artist on the Superman and Batman team-up stories which were the main feature in World's Finest Comics. Soon after leaving that series, he and writer Bob Rozakis introduced the Quakemaster, an enemy of the Batman in DC Special #28 (July 1977). Calnan then became the artist on the main Batman solo-series. His debut on the series was "Where Were You On The Night Batman Was Killed?", a four-issue storyline in issues #291–294 (Sept.–Dec. 1977) written by David Vern Reed. Calnan drew the first appearance of Lucius Fox, a supporting cast member of the Batman mythos, in Batman #307 (Jan. 1979). This character was later portrayed by Morgan Freeman in the movies Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises. Calnan's last work for DC Comics appeared in Action Comics #538 (Dec. 1982).
Personal life
Calnan retired in 1996 and died on December 27, 2016 at the age of 84. He was survived by his wife, Barbara, his daughters, Donna, Susan, and Diane and his grandchildren.
Bibliography
DC Comics
Action Comics #410–418, 469, 471–472, 537–538 (1972–1983)
Adventure Comics #453, 492 (1977–1982)
All-Out War #5 (1980)
Batman #291–294, 298–299, 301–309, 352 (1977–1982)
The Brave and the Bold #126, 137 (1976–1977)
Capt. Storm #18 (1967)
DC Comics Presents #47, 49 (1982)
DC Special #25, 28 (1976–1977)
Detective Comics #467, 484, 490, 519 (1976–1982)
Falling in Love #130 (1972)
The Flash #272 (1979)
Ghosts #2–7, 9, 12–13, 17, 20–21, 27, 29, 32, 35–40, 44, 50–51, 53–54, 56, 59, 62–63, 73 (1971–1979)
G.I. Combat #191, 201, 203 (1976–1977)
Girls' Love Stories #155, 172 (1970–1972)
House of Mystery #212, 251–253 (1973–1977)
Legion of Super-Heroes vol. 2 #260–261, 271 (1980–1981)
Limited Collectors' Edition #C-32 (1974)
Mystery in Space #111 (1980)
The New Adventures of Superboy #10, 15–17, 19–21, 23–24, 32 (1980–1982)
Our Army at War #176 (1967)
Our Fighting Forces #104, 110 (1966–1967)
Secrets of Haunted House #12 (1978)
Secrets of Sinister House #18 (1974)
Superman #371, 373 (1982)
The Superman Family #182–184, 187, 194–196, 198, 201–202, 204–206, 208–216, 221 (1977–1982)
Superman's Girl Friend, Lois Lane #121 (1972)
The Unexpected #118, 121, 127, 129–130, 134, 137, 144, 157–158, 164, 189, 193, 204 (1979–1980)
The Witching Hour #16–18, 20, 28, 31, 47, 58, 64 (1971–1976)
Wonder Woman #265–266 (Wonder Girl back-up story) (1980)
World's Finest Comics #218–220, 229, 232–242, 244, 281 (1973–1982)
Young Love #97 (1972)
George A. Pflaum
Treasure Chest of Fun and Fact #v16#2 [288], #v16#4 [290], #v16#8 [294] (1960)
Western Publishing
Mystery Comics Digest #19 (1974)
References
External links
John Calnan at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
1932 births
2016 deaths
20th-century American artists
Advertising artists and illustrators
American comics artists
DC Comics people
School of Visual Arts alumni
Silver Age comics creators
Call money is minimum short-term finance repayable on demand, with a maturity period of one to fourteen days or overnight to a fortnight. It is used for inter-bank transactions. The money that is lent for one day in this market is known as "call money" and, if it exceeds one day, is referred to as "notice money."
Commercial banks have to maintain a minimum cash balance known as the cash reserve ratio. Call money is a method by which banks lend to each other to be able to maintain the cash reserve ratio. The interest rate paid on call money is known as the call rate. It is a highly volatile rate that varies from day to day and sometimes even from hour to hour. There is an inverse relationship between call rates and other short-term money market instruments such as certificates of deposit and commercial paper. A rise in call money rates makes other sources of finance, such as commercial paper and certificates of deposit, cheaper in comparison for banks to raise funds from these sources.
In the international market, the term usually refers to the short term financing by banking institutions to brokers for maintaining the margin account. It is different from the term "loan" as the schedule for the payment of interest and principal is not fixed. Since, the loan can be called at any time, it is riskier than other forms of loans. It helps in meeting liquidity needs at short notice.[]
References
Loans
Maceira is the name of several towns in Portugal:
Maceira (Fornos de Algodres): parish in the municipality of Fornos de Algodres
Maceira (Leiria): parish in the municipality of Leiria
Maceira (Torres Vedras): former parish in the municipality of Torres Vedras
Fornos de Maceira Dão: parish in the municipality of Mangualde
Moimenta de Maceira Dão: parish in the municipality of Mangualde
Maceira (Montelavar): a village in the parish of Montelavar
The olive-headed weaver (Ploceus olivaceiceps) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Zambia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
Olive-headed weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
olive-headed weaver
Birds of East Africa
olive-headed weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Expozine is an annual small press, zine and comics fair in Montreal, Quebec. It is reported to be Canada's largest zine fair and one of the largest small press fairs in North America attracting some 270 exhibitors and 15,000 visitors each autumn.
Expozine It was co-founded by Billy Mavreas and Louis Rastelli. It is organized by ARCMTL, an archive for publications, ephemera and audio-visual documents related to the history of Montreal and it's artistic, literary and counter-cultural scene.
Throughout the years, the fair has showcased work from notable small press writers and publishers such as Invisible Books, Broken Pencil, Maisonneuve, New Escapologist, Kate Beaton, and Drawn & Quarterly. The exhibitors at Expozine comme from a diversity of publishing and print-based practices from both Francophone and Anglophone communities.
History
The first Expozine took place in 2002 and has continued to showcase independent publishing from around the world every subsequent year.
The first editions of Expozine were held at the Sala Rossa (2002), Relais Mont-Royal (2003) and Station C (2004) and for several years following in the basement of the Saint-Enfant-Jesus church in the Mile End neighbourhood. More recent editions have been held at Église Saint-Denis (2016, 2017) and Église Saint-Arsène (2018, 2019). The 2020 edition was held as a virtual fair.
In 2015, ARCMTL was listed among the finalists for the 30th annual Grand Prix du Conseil des arts de Montréal, for their organisation of Expozine.
Expozine Alternative Press Awards
The Expozine Alternative Press Awards recognize the best of the publications available at a given year's Expozine fair. It awards publications in several categories such as book, zine, and comic, in Canada's two official languages of English and French. The awards are granted at an annual gala separate to the main Expozine event.
Distroboto
Expozine has a year-round companion project called Distroboto, which consists of a citywide network of cigarette machines repurposed to dispense small press publications. The Distroboto zine vending machines are placed in various locations around the city.
External links
Official Website
Awards Webpage with archive of winners
Distroboto Website
Expozine Photos Photographic coverage of Expozine 2013 by Cult MTL
References
2002 establishments in Quebec
Recurring events established in 2002
Annual events in Canada
Book fairs in Canada
Comics conventions in Canada
Events in Montreal
Zines
Literary festivals in Quebec
George Alexander Eugene Douglas Haig, 2nd Earl Haig, (15 March 1918 – 9 July 2009) was a British artist and peer who succeeded to the earldom of Haig on 29 January 1928, at the age of nine upon the death of his father, Field Marshal the 1st Earl Haig. Until then he was styled Viscount Dawick. Throughout his life, he was usually known to his family and friends as Dawyck Haig.
Early life
In 1937 he was a Page of Honour to George VI at his coronation. He was educated at Stowe School and at Christ Church, Oxford, receiving a BA in 1939 and a MA in 1950.
During World War II Haig served as a commissioned officer with the British Army's Royal Scots Greys Regiment in Palestine, and in North Africa during the Western Desert Campaign, where he was captured during an attack on the Afrika Corps' lines in 1941. He was subsequently held as a prisoner of war in Italy and Germany, including a spell at Oflag IV-C P.O.W. Camp (known to the British inmates as "Colditz"), where he was held as a member of the "Prominente" – a prisoner with family connections to powerful political/military figures in the Allied nations that were kept under special confinement conditions via the orders of Heinrich Himmler, for purposes undisclosed.
Later life
Haig was involved with charities that provided for ex-servicemen founded by his father. He was chairman of the British Legion in Scotland from 1962 to 1965 and president of the Earl Haig Fund from 1980 to 1986. In 1966 he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his services to the British Legion.
In 1977 he was dubbed a Knight of the Order of St John. In 2000 he published an autobiography entitled My Father's Son. Haig was also a distinguished artist and an Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy.
In September 2006, Earl Haig criticised the Ministry of Defence's decision to posthumously pardon all 306 British soldiers executed during World War I for cowardice, desertion or other offences. In reference to the soldiers pardoned, he stated that "It was a terribly sad situation and some of these soldiers were genuinely shell-shocked. But many were rogues, persistent deserters and criminals, or they were guilty of cowardice. They had to be made an example of." This remark drew criticism from Andrew MacKinlay MP, who had campaigned for the pardon and was reported as "astonished" by Earl Haig's remarks, claiming that they had not received due process.
Death
He died on 9 July 2009 at Borders General Hospital, aged 91. His body was buried in the Haig family plot at Dryburgh Abbey in the Borders.
Family
Earl Haig married, on 19 July 1956, Adrienne Thérèse Morley (4 May 1929 – 3 January 2010), daughter of Derrick Morley, formerly of Islanmore and Rockstown Castle, co. Limerick (great-great-nephew of the 1st Baron Fermoy), by Lesley, the eldest daughter of Sir Nigel Leslie Campbell, of Woodrow High House, Amersham, Buckinghamshire (grandson of Lord Charles Pelham-Clinton), and had three children:
Lady Adrienne Raina Haig,
Lady Elizabeth Vivienne Thérèse Haig,
Alexander Douglas Derrick Haig, 3rd Earl Haig.
The Earl and Countess Haig were divorced in 1981 and, on 24 March 1981, he married Donna Gerolama Lopez y Royo di Taurisano (of the Neapolitan Dukes di Taurisano e Monteroni).
Publications
My Father's Son (2000), memoir.
References
External links
– Earl Haig – Daily Telegraph obituary
thePeerage.com
Tirbutes paid to Earl Haig. BBC News
Profile
1918 births
2009 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War II
Prisoners of war held at Colditz Castle
Deputy Lieutenants in Scotland
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Knights of the Order of St John
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Stowe School
Pages of Honour
Royal Scots Greys officers
Scottish autobiographers
20th-century Scottish painters
Scottish male painters
21st-century Scottish painters
21st-century Scottish male artists
British World War II prisoners of war
The Royal British Legion
20th-century Scottish male artists
Hans Karl Maeder (December 29, 1909 – September 8, 1988) was an innovative educator who founded the Stockbridge School in Stockbridge, Massachusetts and served as its director and headmaster for 23 years.
Early life and career
Maeder was born in Hamburg, Germany on December 29, 1909, the third child in a prosperous family. He described his father as an authoritarian nationalist and anti-Semite who embraced Hitler's message. Maeder left home at 18, refusing to go into business as his father had wished, and deciding instead to become a teacher.
Maeder, a socialist consistent with the ideas of the Internationaler Sozialistischer Kampfbund had to leave the university of Hamburg due to his political attitude. In June 1933 he was warned that his arrest was imminent and therefore he fled to Denmark. Here he taught at the Udlose Boys Home, an institution for boys with problems. He was engaged in a political committee named to Giacomo Matteotti and was in close contact to Walter Hösterey (also known as Walter Hammer), a German publicist who agitated against the Nazis and lived in Danish exile.
In autumn 1937 he had to leave Denmark and went over France to Switzerland. Here he was expelled again and had to leave after a short time. From her he subsequently traveled to Kenya. He worked on a coffee plantation and a school program for the children of the black farmworkers. When the farmer noticed these activities, Maeder was fired. Later on he published an article about the exploitation on the plantations and this was the reason to leave Kenya. He had much luck, because the American consul in Nairobi was the father of a school friend of Maeder at his time in Hamburg. By this coincidence Maeder got a visa for Manila without an affidavit. He now travelled to Hong Kong, Singapore, and at last to the Philippines. After some times he got an invitation to teach at the University of Hawaii and with the help of American friends he finally got a visa for Hawaii. Maeder arrived in Hawaii in 1941, but was interned as an enemy alien on December 8, the day after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Maeder was released from an internment camp in Texas on February 23, 1943. Arriving in New York, Maeder soon obtained a position as the director of the boys' division of a YMCA in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. In September 1944, Maeder took a teaching job for a year at Windsor Mountain School in Lenox, Massachusetts, several miles from the site of the future Stockbridge School.
Maeder then moved to the Walden School, a private day school in Manhattan, teaching German and the history of languages and briefly serving as the school's director in 1947 and 1948. It was at Walden that he met his wife Ruth, a widow at the time, through her son David, a Walden student whom he later adopted. Maeder left Walden in 1948 to found Stockbridge School.
Stockbridge School
The Maeders paid $60,000 to acquire the 1,100-plus acres of the former estate of Daniel Rhodes Hanna, son of Mark Hanna. Their purchase of what became the site of Stockbridge School occurred shortly after the failure of Liberal Arts, Inc. to establish a Great Books-based college associated with St. John's College, Annapolis, Maryland, on the same site. The property had been vacant since the Great Depression and extended from the summit of West Stockbridge Mountain to the shore of a lake called the Stockbridge Bowl. Only a portion of this extensive property became the school campus, with the Maeders retaining title to the remainder.
As a progressive private boarding school for adolescents, Maeder intended that Stockbridge School's educational philosophy be interracial, nondenominational and international. The school was notable for being completely racially integrated from its inception and Maeder made successful efforts to recruit an international student body.
To help express Maeder's philosophy, and in light of his experiences as a German refugee and expatriate, the school flew the United Nations flag just below the American flag beginning in 1948, three years after the U.N. came into existence. For some years, its curriculum included a junior year abroad, and Stockbridge briefly operated a branch in Corcelles, Switzerland.
The best-known Stockbridge School alumnus is Arlo Guthrie, whose arrest for littering by Stockbridge police shortly after graduation in 1965 inspired the song "Alice's Restaurant". Alice Brock had been the school librarian before opening a lunch counter in Stockbridge. Among other notable alumni are Chevy Chase, Benjamin Barber, Dr. Kenneth Edelin and Gunter Nabel.
Final years
Maeder retired from Stockbridge School in 1971. The school closed five years later, in 1976, as a result of declining enrollment and debt. In 1978 the school campus became the site of the DeSisto at Stockbridge School, a wholly unrelated institution.
After leaving Stockbridge, Maeder worked as an educational consultant in New York City. His wife, Ruth, died in 1976. He died in Manhattan in 1988; the cause of his death was prostate cancer.
References
External links
David E. Pitt, Hans K. Maeder, Stockbridge Founder, Dies at 78, New York Times, September 11, 1988
Teacher Education Quarterly, Summer, 2001
The New School, Annual Hans K. Maeder Memorial Lectureship
Stockbridge School Web site "Stories" page; introduction to Gunter Nabel's "A Fight For Human Rights - Documents of The Stockbridge School."
Further reading
Gunter Nabel (1986), A Fight for Human Rights: Hans Maeder's Politics of Optimism for World Understanding through Education. Documents of the Stockbridge School. Frankfurt/Main: Dipa-Verlag.
Günter Nabel: Hans Maeders Kampf für die Menschenrechte: die Stockbridge School in Massachusetts (USA), in: Hildegard Feidel-Mertz (ed.): Schulen im Exil. Die verdrängte Pädagogik nach 1933. Rowohlt Taschenbuch Verlag GmbH, Reinbek bei Hamburg, 1983, pp. 199–221. The full article also includes information about Maeder's paedacogical concept. It may be a pre-study to the book before.
Founders of schools in the United States
German emigrants to the United States
People from Stockbridge, Massachusetts
People from Hamburg
Progressive education
1909 births
1988 deaths
20th-century philanthropists
Dao is a surname in Canada, India, the Philippines, Hong Kong (R.China), mainland People's Republic of China, Singapore, Scotland, UK, Portugal, Native American Indian, and Vietnam
Persons with the surname
Đào Cam Mộc, imperial official involved in overthrow of the Early Lê dynasty and the installation of Lý Thái Tổ
Đào Đình Luyện, a former Chief of Staff in the Vietnam People's Army
Đào Duy Từ, a 17th-century poet
Đào Văn Phong, a soccer player
Julie C. Dao, Vietnamese-American author
Chloe Dao, American fashion designer and winner of the second season of reality TV show Project Runway.
David Dao, passenger involved on United Express Flight 3411 incident
References
Alexander Yeronov (born May 5, 1989) is a Belarusian ice hockey player.
Yeronov competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey defencemen
Johannes Engelmann ( in Mitau, Courland (now Jelgava, Latvia) – in Dorpat, Livonia (now Tartu, Estonia)) was a Baltic German jurist.
Biography
Educated at the University of Saint Petersburg he became professor of Russian law at Dorpat in 1860, retaining the chair for 39 years, and delivering his lectures in Russian instead of German after 1887. These lectures covered a wide field and contributed greatly to the advancement of the science of jurisprudence in Russia.
Works
Among his works are:
Die Verjahrung nach russischem Privatrecht (1867; in Russian, 1868)
Die Zwangsvollstreckung auswärtiger richterlicher Urteile in Russland (1884; also translated into French and Russian)
Das Staatsrecht Russlands (1888)
References
1832 births
1912 deaths
Russian jurists
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
University of Tartu faculty
Baltic-German people
People from Jelgava
The Bridgewater Bandits, also called the Boston Bandits, are a junior ice hockey organization from Bridgewater, Massachusetts, in the United States, with teams playing in the United States Premier Hockey League. The organization plays home games at the Bridgewater Ice Arena.
History
The Boston Bandits organization had a team in the Tier III Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL) from 1996 until its dissolution in 2013. The Bandits would then join the Atlantic Junior Hockey League which would reorganize and become the Eastern Hockey League (EHL) for the 2013–14 season.
The Bandits organization also fields teams in the lower level USPHL Premier Division, as well as youth hockey select teams at the Bantam, Peewee, and Squirt and various other levels. The Premier team originally played in the Empire Junior B Hockey League until 2013 and then the Metropolitan Junior Hockey League (MetJHL) from 2013 to 2015 at which point the EHL added the Elite Division and the former EHL teams were all promoted to the Premier Division. The MetJHL team then joined the EHL-Elite Division.
In 2017, the Bandits' organization left the EHL for the United States Premier Hockey League (USPHL). The USPHL was planning to launch the Tier II level league, which became the National Collegiate Development Conference (NCDC), for the 2017–18 season. However, the USPHL was denied the Tier II status by USA Hockey and the junior league went independent. The top level Bandits team joined the NCDC and the developmental team joined the Premier Division.
The Bandits sold their NCDC franchise to the Philadelphia Hockey Club for the 2020–21 season. The organization was then sold to Scott Harlow in December 2019 and the organization reverted to the Bridgewater Bandits identity beginning with the 2020–21 season.
Season-by-season records
References
External links
Bandits website
Ice hockey teams in Massachusetts
Sports in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Bridgewater, Massachusetts
1996 establishments in Massachusetts
Ice hockey clubs established in 1996
Somchai Makmool (; born 17 November 1980) is a Thai football manager.
Honours
Sukhothai FC
2016 Thai FA Cup Winners : 2016
External links
https://th.soccerway.com/coaches/somchai-makmoon/463022/
https://www.footballdatabase.eu/en/player/details/279195-somchai-makmoon
Living people
1980 births
Somchai Makmool
Somchai Makmool
Hiérodrame [Gr. ἱερὀς, sacred and δρᾶμα, drama] is a French musical work for two or more voices, with a plot drawn from the Bible. The term was generally used as a synonym for oratorio in France in the 1750s-1780s. Scored for soloists, chorus, and orchestra, the hiérodrame was similar to the grand motet in its structure of solo airs and choruses; however, the texts were taken from newly composed French poems, rather than Latin psalms.
French oratorios were performed at the Concert Spirituel, rather than in church. Works that were performed at the Concert Spirituel and described as hiérodrames include Le sacrifice d'Abraham (1780, words by Voltaire, music by Cambini); Samson (1783, words by Voltaire, music by Valentin), and Absalon (1786, words by Moline, music by Henri Montan Berton).
References
Benoit, Marcelle, ed. Dictionnaire de la musique en France aux XVIIe et XVIIIe siècles. Paris: Fayard, 1992, .
Pierre, Constant. Histoire du Concert Spirituel 1725-1790. Paris: Heugel et Cie., 1975.
Smither, Howard E. "Oratorio, Sect. 12," Grove Music Online
Classical music styles
When You Land Here, It's Time to Return is a full-length album released by indie rock band Flake Music before changing their name to The Shins. The album was recorded in 1997 and was released on Omnibus Records.
In a May 2009 interview with Pitchfork, frontman James Mercer announced plans to re-release the album on his own record label, Aural Apothecary. The new version of the album was mixed by Danger Mouse's sound engineer Kentoro Takahashi. The reissue was released on CD and vinyl on November 24, 2014 in Europe and on November 25, 2014 in North America.
Track listing
Before the 2014 reissue, the titles of tracks 5, 8, and 10 were unknown, and not listed on any official release of the album. They were typically left blank or listed as "untitled".
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the remastered album's liner notes.
Personnel
Del Winiecki – engineering
Nick Noeding Jr. – engineering
Flake Music – mixing
Kentoro Takahashi – mixing
JJ Golden – mastering
Artwork
Flake Music – art direction
Jeff Kleinsmith – art direction, design
Kieth Negley – painting
Kendall Taylor – photography
Neal Langford – sleeve
References
1997 debut albums
The Shins albums
The 2225 N Street Apartment Building in the West End neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C., was constructed in 1924 by local real estate developers Harry Wardman and Eugene Waggaman. The building was added to the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1990 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
See also
National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings completed in 1924
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Vladimir Sergeyevich Sviridov (; born 10 May 1990) is a Russian para-athlete competing mainly in category F36 long jump and shot put. In 2013 he took the gold in the shot put at the IPC Athletics World Championships equaling his own world record which he set two months earlier in Emmeloord.
Personal history
Sviridov was born in Novocherkassk, Soviet Union in 1990. He was born with cerebral palsy. He is married to fellow Russian para-athlete Elena Ivanova.
Career history
Sviridov's first major international competition was the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships held in Christchurch, New Zealand. There he took two medals, gold in the F36 long jump with a distance of 5.29m, and silver in the F35-36 shot put. His gold winning performance in the long jump set a new Championship record in the F36 category, just 4 cm behind Roman Pavlyk's world record. Sviridov represented Russia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London where he competed in the F36 long jump, his favoured F36 shot put was not a featured event of the games. He posted a distance of 5.08m in the long jump taking the bronze medal.
The next year he again represented Russia at the IWAS Dutch Open in Emmeloord, setting a new world record in the shot put with a distance of 14.70m. Two months later he travelled to Lyon to take part in the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships. At the games he won gold in the shot put, equaling his world record throw of 14.70m set at Emmeloord.
Notes
External links
Paralympic athletes of Russia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for Russia
Living people
1990 births
World record holders in Paralympic athletics
People from Novocherkassk
Russian male long jumpers
Russian male shot putters
Track and field athletes with cerebral palsy
Cerebral Palsy category Paralympic competitors
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for the Russian Paralympic Committee athletes
Sportspeople from Rostov Oblast
Édouard Dunglas (1891–1952) was a French physician, historian, geographer, and politician who spent a majority of his life in Dahomey (now Benin).
Early life
Born in Paris in 1891, Dunglas was educated as a medical doctor. He found a passion in politics, and quit medicine when he was appointed to administrate Togo. Later, he worked in Ketou, Dahomey, and wrote a celebrated history of the town. He also found praise with his geographical studies and documents on traditions of the Fon people. After World War II, Dunglas was named head of the multi-national research institution Institut Francais d'Afrique Noire (IFAN) in Dahomey.
1951 French National Assembly election
In the legislative elections of June 17, 1951, Dahomey was allowed an additional representative in the French National Assembly. Veteran politician Sourou-Migan Apithy faced a new opponent: northern teacher Hubert Maga. The fact that two seats were allotted to Dahomey was only known in the last week of April. As per a May 1951 electoral law, each candidate had to give the names of another who would occupy the second seat in the event that the other party's first candidate came in third or below. Apithy chose Emile Derlin Zinsou as his running mate, with Apithy leading on the electoral list as of a meeting on April 29. However, Zinsou argued that he would be forced to vacate seat on the Assembly of the French Union and that someone from the north of Dahomey would be able to fill it. Therefore, on May 23 it was decided that Zinsou and Apithy would be listed in that order. Maga, meanwhile, chose northern merchant Paul Darboux and the latter was content as second on the list.
Zinsou and Apithy, in stark contrast to their northern rivals, could not agree on who would headline the list. It reached a point, on May 27, that the two southern candidates decided to run individually: Zinsou campaigned with school teacher Gilbert Kpakpo, while Apithy partnered with Dunglas under the newly formed Union Francaise. Maga and Darboux capitalised on growing cynicism regarding southern Dahomey dominating the French colony's politics, allying themselves with the northern tribes.
The May 1951 law also enlarged the electorate from 61,958 to 333,693. Some dead people were even counted as electors due to the mishandling of election cards. The Cotonou newspaper L'Etoile du Dahomey noted the presence of a man who would give an unlimited number of cards as long as they promised to vote for Apithy. Altogether, however, only 44% of the population voted on election day. Apithy was reelected a deputy with 53,463 votes out of 147,350 casts. Maga captured the second seat with 49,329, with Zinsou/Kpakpo receiving a mere 18,410 ballots. Several smaller parties hosted several other candidates, which received the rest of the votes. Only 2.2 percent of Apithy and Dungalas's votes came from the northern region, while 64 percent came from the Porto Novo metropolitan area.
Later life and death
After the election Dunglas won a seat in Dahomey's territorial assembly. He died in 1952 in Porto Novo. His grave is located in a Porto Novian cemetery.
References
Bibliography
.
.
.
.
.
1891 births
1952 deaths
French geographers
20th-century French physicians
French politicians
Writers from Paris
French male non-fiction writers
20th-century French historians
20th century in Benin
Beninese physicians
20th-century geographers
20th-century French male writers
Ric Griffith is a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates for the 19th District, which encompasses part of Wayne County. He assumed office on December 1, 2020. His current term ends on November 30, 2022.
Early life and education
Griffith graduated from Ceredo-Kenova High School and received a degree from the University of Toledo College of Pharmacy.
Government service
Griffith served two terms as Kenova City Council President and two terms as Mayor of Kenova.
The Pumpkin House
Griffith is well known for displaying several thousand jack-o'-lanterns on his property each Halloween. Carving all the pumpkins is a community event, with around 20 dedicated volunteers helping. The pumpkin display is part of Ceredo-Kenova AutumnFest, a community-wide event which has a parade, scavenger hunt, and haunted trail. In 2019, he displayed over 3,000, one for every resident of his home town of Kenova, West Virginia.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Griffith decided it was too risky to do the display at his home due to the large crowds that congregate to view it. He opted instead to have members of the community come by and pick up a pumpkin so it can be carved and displayed at their own homes. He created printed out instructions to go with each pumpkin to help the children and their families carve them.
References
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
West Virginia Democrats
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Toledo alumni
People from Kenova, West Virginia
Vinod Khosla (born 28 January 1955) is an Indian-American businessman and venture capitalist. He is a co-founder of Sun Microsystems and the founder of Khosla Ventures. Khosla made his wealth from early venture capital investments in areas such as networking, software, and alternative energy technologies. He is considered one of the most successful and influential venture capitalists.
In 2014, Forbes counted him among the 400 richest people in the United States. In 2021, he was ranked 92nd on the Forbes 400 list.
Since 2010, he has been engaged in a legal dispute related to his attempt to close off public access to Martins Beach.
Biography
Vinod Khosla was born on January 28, 1955 in Pune, India. Khosla's father was an officer in the Indian Army and was posted at New Delhi, India. His father wanted him to also join the army. He attended Mount St Mary's School for elementary school. Khosla became interested in entrepreneurship after reading about the founding of Intel in Electronic Engineering Times as a teenager, and this inspired him to pursue technology as a career. According to Khosla, he was inspired by Intel co-founder Andrew Grove, a Hungarian immigrant that got funding for Intel in Silicon Valley, when it was a startup.
From 1971-76, Khosla attended IIT Delhi where he earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering. He started the first computer club in any IIT to do computer programming and operated the school's computer center while the operations staff were on strike. He also wrote a paper on parallel processing as a teenager before the concept was adopted by the IT industry, and helped to start the first biomedical engineering program in India. In 1975, Khosla attempted to start a soy milk company intended to provide a milk alternative to Indian consumers that do not have refrigerators to preserve cow milk.
Khosla received a master's in biomedical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University on a full scholarship. He applied to Stanford University's MBA program but was rejected for lack of work experience. He had two full time jobs while finishing his master's for the two years of work experience, but was rejected a second time. Three weeks into starting at Carnegie Mellon for his MBA, Khosla convinced the admissions staff to accept him into Stanford Graduate School of Business and received an MBA in 1980.
He is married to Neeru Khosla, his childhood girlfriend. They have four children.
Career
Early businesses and investments
After completing his MBA at Stanford in 1980, Khosla developed a business plan for an electronic design automation company for electrical engineers. He was introduced to employees at Intel and became the first full-time founder and Chief Financial Officer of Daisy Systems. The company spent 80 percent of its resources on building custom computer hardware that could run its software. As a result, Khosla left the company in order to create a startup that manufactures general purpose computers. In 1981, Khosla co-founded Data Dump with a former Stanford classmate, which ended up failing.
In 1982, Khosla co-founded Sun Microsystems (SUN is the acronym for the Stanford University Network), along with Stanford classmates Scott McNealy, Andy Bechtolsheim, and UC Berkeley computer science graduate student Bill Joy. Khosla served as the first chairman and CEO from 1982 to 1984, when he left the company to become a venture capitalist.
In 1986, Khosla joined the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins as a general partner. At Kleiner Perkins, Khosla managed investments in technologies, such as video games and semiconductors.
He also invested in an Indian microfinance company, SKS Microfinance, which lends small loans to poor women in rural India.
Development of Khosla Ventures
In 2004 to spend more time with his teenage kids and focus on technology startups, Khosla moved to part-time and eventually left Kleiner Perkins. He founded his own venture capital firm, Khosla Ventures later that year as a way to invest in more experimental technologies with a "social impact." At the time, he had about $1.5 billion from co-founding Sun Microsystems and his work with Kleiner Perkins. The firm is based in Menlo Park, California.
Khosla was featured on Dateline NBC in May 2006, where he discussed the practicality of ethanol as a gasoline substitute. He is known to have invested heavily in ethanol companies in hopes of widespread adoption.
The firm became known for large, early investments in alternative energy technology like solar, biofuel, and batteries. He has advocated for breakthroughs in these "clean" energies rather than cutting back on energy consumption. The firm incubated carbon recycling and aviation fuel company LanzaTech and QuantumScape, a solid state battery company. Khosla has stated both Quantumscape and Lanzatech are unicorns that have taken time and calls them part of "clean tech 1.0." He believes carbon sequestration is an area that needs significant advancements and is the most feasible. Impossible Foods, which works to make meat a more efficient energy source, and View Glass are also unicorns incubated by Khosla Ventures. Business Insider reported that it took 10 years to return "more than a billion dollars" to the firm, similar to some of Khosla's other successful investments that also took a decade to pay off. Khosla believes that a dozen dramatic technologies to solve climate change and it is inaccurate to continue cleantech investing as a bust.
In September 2009, Khosla Ventures III secured $750 million of investor commitments to invest in traditional early-stage and growth-stage companies. Khosla also raised $250 million for Khosla Seed, which will invest in higher-risk opportunities. He opened up Khosla Ventures to outside investors for the first time that same year.
Beginning in 2010, Khosla Ventures began investing in food and was the first investor in companies like Instacart and DoorDash. Fintech was also an area of focus with early investments. In May 2010, it was announced that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was to join Khosla Ventures to provide strategic advice regarding investments in technologies focused on the environment. During this time, Khosla had hired Condoleezza Rice's advisory firm to work with portfolio companies. In 2012, Khosla wrote an article titled "Do We Need Doctors Or Algorithms?" arguing the increasing importance of artificial intelligence in medicine claiming "bionic assistance" will eventually replace most doctors. He started investing in medicine and robotics, such as companies that use artificial intelligence in medical treatments at that time. Khosla Ventures also invested in HackerRank.
In 2018, Khosla stated the plan for the rest of his life was to "reinvent societal infrastructure" through innovation and technology such as 3D-printing houses for the homeless. Khosla has stated "we need 1,000% change if billions of people in China and India are to enjoy a Western, energy-rich lifestyle." He invests in "black swan" technologies that have a high chance of failure but if successful, would have environmental and societal benefits. In 2019, Khosla presented "Amazing: What KV Founders are Doing," which described 100 portfolio companies reinventing areas such as health, infrastructure, robotics, transportation, augmented reality and artificial intelligence.
Khosla Ventures manages approximately $15 billion of investor capital as well as investments funded by Khosla himself. In 2021, he was listed No. 92 on the Forbes 400 list of the richest people in the US.
Martins Beach dispute
Since 2010, Khosla has been engaged in a legal dispute surrounding public access to Martins Beach, several miles south of Half Moon Bay, California, where he owns adjacent land. His attempts to close the beach by erecting a gate with armed guards at the road entrance and painting over the welcome sign that existed prior to his ownership of the property has been the subject of legal challenges, popular resentment, and extensive press coverage.
Martins Beach was previously a popular family beach and surf spot before Khosla purchased the property adjacent to the beach and blocked access. In August 2017, a Californian court of appeal ruled that Khosla must restore public access to Martins Beach. The plaintiffs, Surfrider Foundation, stated that they expected Khosla to take the case all the way to the US Supreme Court. In October 2018, the Supreme Court announced that they would not hear the appeal of the California appeals court decision. In November 2018, a San Mateo County court found that the prior owners of the property had not intended for access to Martins Beach to be public. In January 2020, the California Coastal Commission sued Khosla, alleging he is in violation of the California Coastal Act of 1976.
In addition to the Martins Beach dispute, another dispute with Russian inventor Vladimir Poponin, is documented in Martti Vallila's book Bannana in the Legal Gulag; Exposing Trickery and Manipulation; Legal briefs filed on Khosla's behalf reveal behavior in conflict with his public persona.
Views
Capitalism
Khosla believes in using capitalism as a solution for social impact due to its ability to scale, which is something he does not believe is possible with non-profit organizations. He has insisted economical, large-scale solutions will succeed when facing global warming as well. Khosla has stated that machine learning technology will replace many jobs and increase income disparities however will also create enough GDP to provide basic income to everyone.
Politics
Khosla has donated to a mix of Democrats and Republicans and supports politicians based on their climate policies. He is a Democrat and has donated to organizations that support left-leaning politics. In 2013, Khosla hosted Barack Obama for a fundraising dinner at his home in Portola Valley.
Khosla was a major proponent of the "Yes on 87" campaign to pass California's Proposition 87, The Clean Energy Initiative, which failed to pass in November 2006.
Khosla endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Philanthropy and affiliations
Khosla was honorary chair of the DonorsChoose San Francisco Bay Area advisory board. In 2000, Khosla was a recipient of the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement. In 2006, Khosla's wife Neeru co-founded the CK-12 Foundation, which aims to develop open-source textbooks and lower the cost of education in the US and the rest of the world. Khosla and his wife are donors to the Wikimedia Foundation, in the amount of $600,000.
In 2007, Khosla was an award recipient in the Northern California region for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year award. Khosla was a member of the board of trustees of the Blum Center for Developing Economies at the University of California, Berkeley. The center is focused on finding solutions to address the crisis of extreme poverty and disease in the developing world. He is an advisor for HackerRank, a website for competitive coding.
He is also one of the founders of TiE, The Indus Entrepreneurs, and has guest-edited a special issue of The Economic Times, a business newspaper in India.
He is involved with organizations that provide microfinancing to small businesses in third-world countries and other organizations that promote entrepreneurship. Khosla is on the Board of Trustees at Carnegie Mellon University. Khosla was an early signatory to the Giving Pledge and sits on the Breakthrough Energy Ventures board.
In April 2021, Khosla made an offer to fund oxygen imports for hospitals in India amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
Range Fuels
Virgin Green Fund
References
External links
(2006-03-29)
1955 births
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century philanthropists
21st-century American businesspeople
American billionaires
American technology chief executives
American people of Punjabi descent
American technology company founders
Carnegie Mellon University College of Engineering alumni
Carnegie Mellon University trustees
American venture capitalists
American chairpersons of corporations
Businesspeople from Delhi
Giving Pledgers
Indian company founders
Indian emigrants to the United States
IIT Delhi alumni
Living people
Stanford Graduate School of Business alumni
Sun Microsystems people
Kleiner Perkins people
American people of Indian descent
American computer businesspeople
American chief executives
American chief executives of Fortune 500 companies
Chief executives in the technology industry
The Holyoke Opera House was a theatre operating in Holyoke, Massachusetts during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Built in 1877, and christened on March 25, 1878, the theater was built by then-mayor William Whiting who privately-funded its construction along with the adjoining "Windsor House" hotel. Designed by architect Clarence Sumner Luce, its interior was decorated by painter and designer Frank Hill Smith, who is best known today for the frescoes in the House of Representatives' chamber in the Massachusetts State House, and whose commission for the venue's main hall paintings has been described by the American Art Directory and historian John Tauranac as one of his definitive works.
Its opening show was a performance of Louie XI starring John W. Albaugh. In its first decades it was among the largest theaters in the country, and gained a number of notable acts. In later decades it became a vaudeville and burlesque establishment. Following the introduction of moving pictures, the opera house saw a steady decline and by the time the venue was purchased by E. M. Loew in 1945, The Film Daily described it as a "once-famous theater". On October 29, 1967, the venue was destroyed in a multiple-alarm fire, with such damage that officials could not determine its cause.
Design
Exterior
Constructed by Casper Ranger, the exterior was described as being made of contrasting light Philadelphia and dark Holyoke pressed bricks with bands and accents done in black brick. At the front gable were panels done in Victorian majolica of sock and buskin on opposite sides of the building's "Opera House" nameplate.
The opera house, originally being a part of the Windsor House Hotel, was previously attached by a small wooden hallway until that building caught fire on March 1, 1899, taking out most other buildings in that block as firefighters fought late into the night.
Interior
The interior of the theater was originally described as being decorated in a Neo-Grec style, with the auditorium's first floor containing a parterre, orchestra pit, and one gallery. The ceiling was described as having large ornate cornices with 8 lunettes forming vaults, each ornately decorated with muses and cherubs by Frank Hill Smith, leading up into a shallower gadrooned flat dome with a rosace-shaped grate which served as the ventilation for the theater, with a large brass chandelier hanging from its center. Much of the ornamental work, such as capitals, was executed in papier-mâché.
A large renovation and reconstruction of the auditorium gallery was undertaken between May and September of 1894, with a rededication on September 22, 1894, featuring a performance by Alessandro Salvini, and attended by Governor William Russell. The opera house was effectively rechristened as renovations removed almost entirely all of the building's original elements from the dome's cornice downward, including the aforementioned papier-mâché features, which were replaced by stucco designed and constructed by the Architectural Decorative Company in Boston. The gallery was razed and replaced by 2, and the theater was described as the 2nd largest in New England at that time in capacity. The stage was described as having an archway 30 feet high and 37 feet wide, with red, green, and white globes alternating in 5 rows of border lights, and one of footer lights, each row having 88 respective lights, both gas and electric. A new custom-made chandelier was added, with 120 jets for gas lighting and 120 globes for lightbulbs. Paintings of muses and cherubs were added, one to each side of the proscenium, it is unknown whether these were done by F. H. Smith, however his original paintings on the dome are referred to in one 1894 report as "the only points in which the new house resembles the old one".
Notable performances
Music
The opera house would serve as a venue for a number of notable performers, including singer-entertainer Eva Tanguay, who was first promoted there as a child actress by local theater manager Paul C. Winkelmann in the 1880s, and returned to the venue years later after establishing herself as a household name.
Plays
Noted performers included John W. Albaugh playing his best-known titular role in Louis XI at the theater's opening show on March 26, 1878. Numerous plays were performed at the Opera House during the first several decades of its existence, it was one of the venues where William Gillette premiered his 1894 comedy Too Much Johnson.
Films
Among the early films seen at the venue were those by Lyman H. Howe, which appeared for several seasons in the early 1900s.
Lectures
On 3 occasions, the orator Robert G. Ingersoll would deliver addresses on the Opera House stage, in the years 1880, 1885, and 1894, on the subjects "How to be Saved?", "Which Way?", and Shakespeare respectively.
See also
Victory Theater, the sole remaining historical theater building in the city
Valley Arena Gardens, another defunct Holyoke venue, primarily used for boxing with some shows and entertainment, of a similar architectural style
Notes
References
External links
E.M. Loew's State Theatre, Cinema Treasures
Opera houses in Massachusetts
1878 establishments
Theatres completed in 1878
1955 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Demolished buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Demolished theatres in the United States
Round buildings
Former cinemas in the United States
Music venues completed in 1878
Cees van Dongen (1932 – 23 December 2011) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands.
Van Dongen was born in Rotterdam. His best season was in 1969 when he won the 125cc Spanish Grand Prix and finished the season in third place behind Dave Simmonds and Dieter Braun.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
1932 births
2011 deaths
Dutch motorcycle racers
50cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Rotterdam
was a Japanese samurai leader of the Sengoku period. He was known as a brave and skillful warrior so his nickname was 'red Oni (demon) of Tamba Province'.
Naomasa is known for his defense of Kuroi Castle in Tamba Province. In 1578, during the siege of Kuroi Castle, he died of disease; and the responsibility for defending the castle passed to his nephew, Akai Tadaie.
After the death of Akai Naomasa, some members of the Akai clan became retainers under Tōdō Takatora.
References
Samurai
1529 births
1578 deaths
Łęczyca station is a railway station located in the Polish town of Łęczyca, Łódź Voivodeship. It serves mainly regional and commuter traffic between Łódź and Kutno, as well as intercity services between Gdynia and Katowice.
It opened in 1925 as a part of Łódź–Kutno railway. The main building resembles , used among other local railway stations built around early 1920's. The station serves the branch line leading to the military base near Leżnica Wielka.
References
Railway stations in Łódź Voivodeship
Railway stations opened in 1925
Railway stations served by Łódzka Kolej Aglomeracyjna
Britannica Malayalam Encyclopedia (also known as Malayalam Britannica and Malayalam Encyclopedia) is a reference work in the Malayalam language. Its content is in large part a translation of the Britannica Concise Encyclopædia.
While it won an award from the Federation of Indian Publishers in 2004, a Consumer Court banned the sale of the book because it was found to be an erroneous reference with many factual errors. The court also found that there was unfair trade practice on the part of the publishers, which are DC Books, Kerala and Encyclopædia Britannica India Pvt.Ltd, a subsidiary of Encyclopædia Britannica Inc.
References
External links
Encyclopaedia Britannica: Malayalam listed at Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit library
Malayalam encyclopedias
DC Books books
Non-English works based on the Encyclopædia Britannica
A fifth wheel is a coupling that provides a link between the trailer and a truck (or a tractor unit).
Fifth wheel may also refer to:
Fifth-wheel trailer, a type of travel trailer that is a variant of the tractor-trailer version
Fifth wheel (Brooks Walker), an invention designed to aid parking cars
Fifth Wheel Truck Stops, a truck stop chain across Southern Ontario, Canada
The 5th Wheel, an American reality dating show
The Fifth Wheel (film), a 2013 comedy-drama film
"Fifth Wheel", a song by Avail from their 1998 album Over the James
An idiom meaning "an extra and unnecessary person or thing"
Charles Terence Priestley Vernam (born 8 October 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Lincoln City.
He has previously played in the Football League for Derby County, Coventry City, Grimsby Town and Burton Albion, as well as a stint in Iceland for ÍBV and with non-league side Chorley.
Early life
Vernam was born in Lincoln.
Playing career
Derby County
Vernam was attached to Scunthorpe United as a youth player. In 2012 he was given a six-day trial by Italian giants A.C. Milan, however this did not result in a contract offer and Vernam returned to Scunthorpe before joining the Derby County academy later that year. In August 2013, he appeared for the first team against Burton Albion in the pre-season Bass Charity Vase. He signed his first professional contract with Derby in 2015. He was loaned out to ÍBV in Iceland's Úrvalsdeild between April and July 2016, scoring on his senior debut when appearing as a substitute in a 4–0 win against ÍA. He made a total of eleven appearances for ÍBV, without scoring again.
Vernam was promoted to Derby's first team squad for the 2016–17 season while also continuing to play for their under-23 team, for whom he made three appearances in the EFL Trophy. During December 2016, he signed a new contract with the club, running until 2019. He made his competitive first team debut for Derby as a substitute in an FA Cup win against West Bromwich Albion in January 2017. Later that month, he was loaned to Coventry City in League One for the rest of the season. Vernam was cup-tied for Coventry's win in the 2017 EFL Trophy Final.
Grimsby Town
Vernam went on loan again in January 2018, joining Grimsby Town in League Two for the rest of the season. The move reunited him with manager Russell Slade, who had also signed him for Coventry.
After impressing the new manager Michael Jolley in the closing season, Vernam joined Grimsby Town permanently on a two-year contract on 24 July 2018. He scored the first goal on 37-minutes in the FA Cup second round, a left-footed shot following a corner, in a 2–0 victory at National League club Chesterfield. After struggling to get into the Grimsby starting lineup, he joined National League club Chorley on a one-month loan in November 2019.
Vernam's goal against Colchester United on 11 February 2020 was voted as the EFL League Two goal of the season. He had picked the ball up from the edge of his own area before going on to beat three defenders before hit a strike low beyond the keeper from the edge of the area.
Burton Albion
On 20 July 2020, Vernam joined League One club Burton Albion on a two-year contract. On 31 January 2021 he was erroneously linked with Bolton Wanderers as mentioned on the Bolton News website.
Bradford City
On 1 February 2021, Vernam joined Bradford City on an 18-month deal. He was one of seven players offered a new contract by Bradford City at the end of the 2021–22 season.
Lincoln City
On 17 June 2022, Vernam agreed to join hometown club Lincoln City having rejected the contract offer to stay at Bradford. He would make his debut on 13 August, coming off the bench against Forest Green Rovers. His first Imps goal came in the EFL Trophy against Doncaster Rovers on 20 September 2022.
Playing style
Vernam plays as a winger.
Career statistics
References
External links
Charles Vernam profile at the Grimsby Town F.C. website
1996 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football wingers
Derby County F.C. players
Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja players
Coventry City F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Chorley F.C. players
Burton Albion F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
English Football League players
Úrvalsdeild karla (football) players
National League (English football) players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
The 2003 Batang Red Bull Thunder season was the 4th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). The team was known as Red Bull Barako Coffee Drink starting the Invitational Conference.
Draft picks
Occurrences
Red Bull Barako were tied with FedEx at 3-1 in the Group A standings of the Invitational Conference and gain the last berth in the crossover semifinals by way of a controversial ending in their game against Talk 'N Text, which the Phone Pals won 88-87, but needed to win by 8 points. The TNT players went to the extent of shooting on the Red Bull's goal while enjoying the lead in the closing seconds.
In the Reinforced Conference best-of-three quarterfinals series against Talk 'N Text, Red Bull lost in the deciding third game where guard Jimwell Torion put in a vicious clothesline on Phone Pal Jimmy Alapag with the outcome of the game beyond doubt, Torion's actions serve him an eight-month suspension.
Roster
Game results
All-Filipino Cup
References
Red Bull Barako seasons
Bat
Ahmed El-Gindy (born 21 January 1959) is an Egyptian boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Egyptian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Egypt
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
The Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election was significant in that it led to the election of David Steel, who went on to lead the Liberal Party, to the British House of Commons for the first time. As such it was a milestone in the revival of that party's political fortunes from their nadir in the 1950s.
Background
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles, a large rural constituency in the Scottish borders, had been safely Conservative for many years. The Liberal Party's 26-year-old candidate David Steel had dramatically cut Commander Charles Donaldson's majority in the general election of October 1964. When Donaldson died some months later it was clear that the ensuing by-election represented an opportunity for the Liberals to repeat previous by-election triumphs in Torrington and Orpington. However, the Conservatives were now in opposition rather than in government and the party's standing in the constituency was thought to have been further bolstered as their leader, Sir Alec Douglas-Home was himself a Scot, representing the rather similar constituency of Kinross and West Perthshire to the north.
Result
The election was held on Wednesday 24 March 1965. The result was a major defeat for the Conservatives. The votes cast were as follows:
Reaction
This defeat was seen as a huge setback for the Conservatives, coming on top of their defeat in the general election the previous year and wiping out the boost they had received in the 1965 Leyton by-election. Douglas-Home resigned as leader shortly afterwards, and in the first election for party leader from amongst the Conservative MPs, was replaced by Edward Heath.
After his victory, Steel said that Douglas-Home was the only leading figure in the Conservatives who could "take some comfort from the result" as he was the only one not to have come to the constituency to campaign in the by-election. The defeated Conservative candidate McEwen blamed his defeat on Labour voters switching to back the Liberals and predicted that the Liberal victory would be overturned at the next general election. In contrast Liberal MP for Caithness and Sutherland George Mackie described the result as "a triumph for David Steel" which showed that the "Liberal surge in Scotland" was continuing and predicted that the next general election would see the party make further gains in Scotland.
Although the Labour candidate lost his deposit, the governing party enjoyed the Conservatives' discomfort, and the result represented a turning point in the government's political fortunes after a very uncertain opening few months. For the Liberals, the acquisition of a talented young MP was still rare enough to be extremely welcome. Steel soon made a national impression and it was his Private Member's Bill which led to the legalisation of abortion in 1967. He would continue to represent the area at Westminster until 1997.
References
External links
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles (UK Parliament constituency)
British Parliamentary By Elections: Campaign literature from the by-election
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Scottish constituencies
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election
1960s elections in Scotland
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election
Roztoka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 1969 American 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series event that was held on October 26, 1969, at North Carolina Motor Speedway in Rockingham, North Carolina.
A lot of the more notable NASCAR Cup Series drivers of this era failed to finish the race. Richard Petty tore his car up hitting the wall and the repairs were not enough to continue.
Background
North Carolina Motor Speedway was opened as a flat, one-mile oval on October 31, 1965. In 1969, the track was extensively reconfigured to a high-banked, D-shaped oval just over one mile in length. In 1997, North Carolina Motor Speedway merged with Penske Motorsports, and was renamed North Carolina Speedway. Shortly thereafter, the infield was reconfigured, and competition on the infield road course, mostly by the SCCA, was discontinued. Currently, the track is home to the Fast Track High Performance Driving School,
Summary
It took four hours and twenty-eight minutes to resolve 492 laps with LeeRoy Yarbrough emerging over David Pearson by 1½ laps. The other drivers in the top ten were: Buddy Baker, Dave Marcis, John Sears, Dick Brooks, Hoss Ellington, Ed Negre, Wendell Scott, and Neil Castles. Seven cautions were handed out by NASCAR officials for 66 laps. More than 33,000 people would attend this live racing event. Charlie Glotzbach would qualify for the pole position with a speed of while the average race speed was .
John Kennedy would receive the last-place finish due to a one-car crash on lap 17. This would be the 51st race out of the 54 officially sanctioned racing events of the 1969 NASCAR Grand National Series in addition to being the first race done with the present-day configuration for North Carolina Motor Speedway. Lennie Pond would make his NASCAR debut here.
The transition to purpose-built racecars began in the early 1960s and occurred gradually over that decade. Changes made to the sport by the late 1960s brought an end to the "strictly stock" vehicles of the 1950s.
Ten notable crew chiefs were in attendance for the race; including Cotton Owens, Dick Hutcherson, Banjo Matthews and Harry Hyde.
Qualifying
Failed to qualify: Ed Hessert (#15)
Timeline
Section reference:
Start: Charlie Glotzbach was the lead driver as the green flag was waved in the air.
Lap 20: A two-car accident brought out a caution that lasted until lap 27.
Lap 29: The driveshaft on Henley Gray's vehicle ceased effective operations on this lap.
Lap 40: Clyde Lynn overheated his racing vehicle.
Lap 72: The rear end came loose off Buddy Arrington's vehicle.
Lap 125: Richard Brickhouse was involved in an accident off turn two.
Lap 147: A two-car accident brought out a caution that lasted until lap 156.
Lap 168: Cale Yarborough was involved in an accident off turn two.
Lap 183: James Hylton blew his vehicle's engine off turn one.
Lap 195: Buddy Young was involved in an accident off turn four.
Lap 239: The wheel bearing came loose off Dub Simpson's vehicle.
Lap 283: Charlie Glotzbach blew his vehicle's engine off turn three.
Lap 304: Elmo Langley's brakes stopped working on this lap.
Lap 313: The water pumps on Earl Brooks' vehicle ceased functioning.
Lap 388: The suspension on E.J. Trivette's vehicle stopped working properly.
Lap 391: The timing chain came loose off of Bobby Isaac's vehicle.
Finish: LeeRoy Yarbrough was officially declared the winner of the race.
References
American 500
American 500
NASCAR races at Rockingham Speedway
The pound was the currency of Nigeria between 1907 and 1973. Until 1958, Nigeria used the British West African pound, after which it issued its own currency. The pound was subdivided into 20 shillings, each of 12 pence. The Nigerian pound (which was at parity with the pound sterling with free convertibility) was replaced with the introduction in 1973 of the decimal naira at a rate of £1 = ₦2. This made Nigeria the last country to abandon the £sd currency system.
Coins
Coins were issued in 1959 in denominations of , 1, 3 and 6 pence, 1 and 2 shillings. The d and 1d coins were holed and struck in bronze. The 3d coin, minted in nickel-brass, was a smaller version of the distinctive twelve-sided threepenny bits that were used in the UK, Fiji and Jersey. The higher denominations were struck in cupro-nickel.
Banknotes
In 1918, emergency issues were made by the government in denominations of 1/–, 10/– and 20/–. In 1959, the Central Bank of Nigeria introduced notes in denominations of 5/– and 10/–, £1 and £5. Three series of notes were issued, in 1958, 1967 and 1968.
See also
Economy of Nigeria
Notes
References
Currencies of the British Empire
Currencies of the Commonwealth of Nations
Currencies of Nigeria
Modern obsolete currencies
Economic history of Nigeria
Pound (currency)
1907 establishments in the British Empire
1973 disestablishments in Africa
Currencies introduced in 1907
Jacob Jones (born May 9, 1949) is an American former professional basketball player. He played for the Philadelphia 76ers and Cincinnati Royals during the 1971–72 season after his collegiate career at Assumption College.
References
External links
Jake Jones '61 – "Alumni Profile", Assumption College
1949 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Assumption Greyhounds men's basketball players
Basketball players from New Jersey
Cincinnati Royals players
Neptune High School alumni
People from Neptune Township, New Jersey
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Philadelphia 76ers players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade silver medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1970 Summer Universiade
Marco Previde Massara (born 1958) a former Italian male canoeist who won seven medals at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
Biography
After finishing his activity in the sport of canoeing, he became an athlete of masters cycling.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Italian male canoeists
Masters cyclists
Valentin Lyubomirov Ignatov is a Bulgarian surgeon, professor, rector of the Medical University "Prof. Dr. Paraskev Stoyanov" of Varna (from 2020), and an executive director of St. Marina University Hospital, Varna (2016–2020).
Biography
He was born on June 18, 1958, in Varna and graduated from First Language School in his hometown. He obtained his degree in medicine from the Medical University of Varna (1986).
He has acquired a specialty in surgery (1995), and has a master's degree in Health Management (2005). His PhD thesis (2005) was titled "Diagnostic and Therapeutic Tactics and ND: Laser Therapy in the Conditions of Acute Bleeding from Gastric Duodenal Ulcers”. In 2013 followed the habilitation work “Acute Bleeding from the Gastrointestinal Tract. Diagnostics and Treatment” (2013) and he acquired the academic degree of “Professor” at the Department of General and Operative Surgery (2013).
He was head of the First Clinic of Surgery (2007-2016).
Prof. Ignatov was an executive director of St. Marina University Hospital, Varna from 2016 until 2020, when he was elected rector.
Prof. V. Ignatov is the 13th rector of the Medical University of Varna.
Scientific Interests
He has specialized in the sphere of minimally invasive surgery – endoscopic and laparoscopic, and possesses specific surgical skills in hepatobiliary and pancreatic surgery.
His scientific publications consist of 321 scientific articles, proceedings and notices published in the country and abroad. Forty-eight of them are single-author and 103 are full-text publications. Scientific activity: personal impact factor of 64, cited by 30 foreign and 9 Bulgarian authors. He has co-authored a number of monographs and textbooks: „Surgery", „Emergency Surgery", „Pathologic Physiology". He has written a monograph titled „Acute Bleeding from the Gastrointestinal Tract. Diagnostics and Treatment" (2013).
A number of specialists in endoscopic surgery have been trained under his mentorship.
Membership in Organizations and Awards
Since 2014, Prof. Ignatov has been the president of the Association of University Hospitals.
He is a member of: Bulgarian Surgical Society (BGSS); Bulgarian Association of Surgeons and Gastroenterologists (BASGO); Professional Organization of Surgeons in Bulgaria; Union of Scientists – Varna branch; European Digestive Surgery; International Association of Surgeons Gastroenterologists and Oncologists (IASGO); International Society of University Colon and Rectal Surgeons (ISUCRS).
Awards: honorary diploma from the Bulgarian Surgical Society for “Contribution to the Work of BGSS and Active Surgical Work”; „For Support of Donorship in the Republic of Bulgaria in 2019“; „Doctors Whom Bulgarians Trust“ (2018).
References
Living people
1958 births
Bulgarian surgeons
Medical University of Varna faculty
James Kitchen ‘Kit' Cosper (born October 21, 1967) was the sixth employee at Red Hat and one of the founders of Linux Hardware Solutions (LHS) as well as a founding director of Linux International.
After LHS was acquired by VA Linux Cosper became Director of Miscellaneous at VA and eventually managed their Open Source advocacy group, consisting of Chris DiBona, Joseph Arruda and John Mark Walker.
During the Dot Com implosion of 2001 Cosper left VA and went on to serve as Executive Technical Advisor and interim CTO at Telkonet, a powerline networking startup in Germantown, Maryland.
He was married on May 5, 1990 in Wilmington, NC to Lourie Cosper and has three children: William (born March 1985), Keifer (born April 1993) and Elizabeth (born Jan. 1996). His first grandchild Hulet James Cosper, a namesake, was born in Jan. 2019 in Elmer, NJ to his oldest son William and his wife Elizabeth Cosper née Atwill.
External links
Then You Win - Article on Open Source and Microsoft
Personal info page - Red Hat employee Personal info page from WayBackMachine
Living people
Geeknet
1967 births
Lake Carabundup is an ephemeral salt lake located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, approximately south west of Cranbrook and north east of Rocky Gully. It is located in a watershed between the Kent River and Frankland River catchments.
The lake has a length of approximately and a width of approximately ; it has neither dried up nor overflowed in the past 20 years. It covers an area of and has a volume of at overflow level with a maximum depth of when at full capacity. The average inflow into the lake from 1973 to 2001 was , of which about 84% evaporates.
The catchment area occupies an area of and includes undulating landforms, broad flats and smaller lakes. The broad flats and lakes mostly have lateritic soils. Other major lakes found in the area include Lake Nunijup and Lake Poorrarecup. The flat ancient landscape has weakly-developed drainage. There are rarely any instances of overflow from the area into the river system even after clearing has increased surface water runoff. Other smaller lakes within the catchment include Lake Nukennullup, Stockyard Lake and Mineral Lake which have a combined surface area of around .
The lake is used for swimming, and a drowning occurred there in 2007.
The lake provides habitat for at least three species of shore bird, including the musk duck.
See also
References
Lakes of the Great Southern (Western Australia)
Saline lakes of Western Australia
Hermann Schild (16 February 1913 – 9 April 2006) was a German racing cyclist. He rode in the 1938 Tour de France, and he won the German National Road Race in 1954.
References
External links
1913 births
2006 deaths
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Guben
German cycling road race champions
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Cyclists from Brandenburg
P. bolivari may refer to:
Phymateus bolivari, a species of grasshopper
Pseudocellus bolivari, an arachnid species found in Mexico
Leszczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 1867 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held on 19 January 1867 in the electorate in Dunedin during the 4th New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent, William Reynolds. In 1867, there was great political turmoil in Otago over the New Zealand Wars fought in the North Island and its associated expenditure, and calls for separation of the South Island from the North Island. At a public meeting called by the Mayor of Dunedin, William Mason, Reynolds and James Paterson, who represented the City of Dunedin, both agreed that they would resign and then see whether they still had public support. Reynolds went ahead with his resignation but Paterson did not.
Reynolds stood for re-election, and was confirmed by a large majority.
He was opposed by James Gordon Stuart Grant, a local eccentric and frequent candidate who was then a member of the Otago Provincial Council.
Results
References
Dunedin 1867
1867 elections in New Zealand
January 1867 events
Politics of Dunedin
1860s in Dunedin
City Park is a 1934 American comedy drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Sally Blane, Henry B. Walthall and Matty Kemp.
Cast
Sally Blane as Rose Wentworth
Henry B. Walthall as Colonel Henry Randolph Ransome
Matty Kemp as Raymond Ransome
Hale Hamilton as Herbert Ransome
John Harron as Charlie Hooper
Claude King as General Horace G. Stevens
Gwen Lee as Maizie, the Hooker
Judith Vosselli as Mrs. Herbert Ransome
Wilson Benge as Andrew Cook
Lafe McKee as Matt O'Donnell
Mary Foy as Mrs. Guppy, Landlady
Ted Billings as Man in Park
Bess Flowers as Stevens' Secretary
Frank LaRue as Detective
Hattie McDaniel as Tessie - the Ransome Maid
Lee Phelps as Plainclothesman in Park
Eddie Phillips as Pool Shark
Lloyd Whitlock as District Attorney
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1934 films
1934 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Neuve de Julio () is a Catholic diocese located in the city of Nueve de Julio, Buenos Aires Province. It is in the Ecclesiastical province of Mercedes-Luján in Argentina,
having had change of metropolitan from La Plata in 2019.
History
On 11 February 1957, Pope Pius XII established the Diocese of Neuve de Julio from the Diocese of Azul and the Diocese of Mercedes.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Agustin Adolfo Herrera (1957–1961), appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Jujuy
Antonio Quarracino (1962–1968), appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Jujuy; future Cardinal
Alejo Benedicto Gilligan (1969–1991)
Jose Vittorio Tommasi (1991–1998)
Martin de Elizalde, O.S.B. (1999–2015)
Ariel Edgardo Torrado Mosconi (2015–Present)
Coadjutor bishop
Ariel Edgardo Torrado Mosconi (2015)
References
Neuve de Julio
Neuve de Julio
Neuve de Julio
Neuve de Julio
Kaolan Kaovichit () born May 12, 1978, is a Thai former kickboxer. He was the runner-up of K-1 World Max 2002.
Biography
Kaolan Kaovichit was born in Songkhla Province, Thailand on May 12, 1978, as Jahormat Miyundichar.
Titles and accomplishments
Lumpinee Stadium
2003 Lumpinee Stadium Welterweight Champion -66.8 kg
1999 Lumpinee Stadium Lightweight Champion -61 kg
1996 Lumpinee Stadium Super Bantamweight Champion -55.5 kg
K-1
2002 K-1 World MAX Final runner-up -70 kg
World Muay Thai Council
2001 W.M.C Welterweight World Champion
Awards
2001 Sports Writers Association of Thailand Fight of the Year (vs Namsaknoi Yudthagarngamtorn)
1998 Sports Writers Association of Thailand Fighter of the Year
Fight record
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2006-07-02 || Loss ||align=left| Tatsuya Ishiguro || N.J.K.F. "Advance VI -Muay Thai Open- || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Punches) || 1 || 2:33
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2004-04-17 || Loss ||align=left| Masaaki Kato || Muaythailumpineekrikkri Fights, Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Knee Strikes) || 2 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2003-08-17 || Loss ||align=left| Yoshihiro Sato || A.J.K.F. "All Japan Kickboxing 2003 Hurricane Blow" || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#c5d2ea"
| 2003-07-20 || Draw ||align=left| Takahiko Shimizu || AJKF "All Japan Kickboxing 2003 Kick Out" || Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan || Decision (1-0) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2003-03-08 || Win ||align=left| Pajonsuk Lukprabat || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2002-07-20 || Loss ||align=left| Pajonsuk luprabat || Lumpinee stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2002-05-11 || Loss ||align=left| Albert Kraus || K-1 World MAX '02 Final, Final || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left Hook) || 1 || 1:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2002-05-11 || Win ||align=left| Takayuki Kohiruimaki || K-1 World MAX '02 Final, Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Knee Strikes) || 2 || 2:42
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2002-05-11 || Win ||align=left| Zhang Jiapo || K-1 World MAX '02 Final, Quarter Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor=""
| 2002-02-27 || ||align=left| Muhammad Faisan || Rangsit market || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2001-12-04 || Loss||align=left| Namsaknoi Yudthagarngamtorn || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2001-08-02 || Win ||align=left| Pajonsuk Lukprabat || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2001-06-24 || Win ||align=left| Pajonsuk Lukprabat || Muay Thai - The World Heritage || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2001-04-21 || Loss||align=left| Morad Sari || Les Gladiateurs du Millenium || Paris France || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2000-12-05 || Win ||align=left| Dany Bill || King's Birthday || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2000-08-04 || Win ||align=left| Depitak ISS || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2000-07-08 || Win ||align=left| Ahmed Mayouf || ISKA Kickboxing || Las Vegas, Nevada, USA || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2000 || Win ||align=left| Khunsuk Sitpooramate || || Phetchaburi Province, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2000 || Win ||align=left| Orono Por Muang Ubon || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2000-04-25 || Loss ||align=left| Namsaknoi Yudthagarngamtorn || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 1999- || Loss ||align=left| Khunsuk Phetsupaphan || || Petchaburi, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 1999- || Loss ||align=left| Khunsuk Phetsupaphan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 1999-08-10 || Loss ||align=left| Khunsuk Phetsupaphan || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 4 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1999-05-11 || Win ||align=left| Samkor Chor.Rathchatasupak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1999-03-26 || Win ||align=left| Samkor Chor.Rathchatasupak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1999-02-10 || Win ||align=left| Therdkiat Kiatrungroj|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision ||5 ||3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1998-12-08 || Win||align=left| Namkabuan Nongkeepahuyuth || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1998-10-30 || Win ||align=left| Lamnamoon Sor.Sumalee || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 1998-09-11 || Win ||align=left| Rambojiew Por Thubtim || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 1998-05-26 || Loss ||align=left| Rambojiew Por Thubtim || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#c5d2ea"
| 1998-03-03 || Draw||align=left| Bakjo Sor.Pannut || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 1997-09-13 || Loss ||align=left| Samkor Chor.Rathchatasupak || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 1997-05-23 || Loss ||align=left| Ritthichai Lukjaopordam|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 4 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 1997-03-28 || Win||align=left| Daoudon Sor.Suchart|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 1997-02-25 || Win||align=left| Sot Looknongyangtoy || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 1996-11-29 || Loss ||align=left| Nungubon Sitlerchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Punches) || 2 ||
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 1996-09-24 || Win||align=left| || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || || ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1996-03-26 || Win ||align=left| Nuengpichit Sityodtong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
External links
k-1sport.de Profile
1978 births
Living people
Bantamweight kickboxers
Featherweight kickboxers
Lightweight kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Kaolan Kaovichit
Kaolan Kaovichit
The Bages Tram-train is a railway project for the Catalan comarca of Bages. At the moment it is on the feasibility study phase, and it is expected to be ready by 2016, after two years of construction beginning in 2014. The cost of the project, excluding the rolling stock, will be of 105 million euro.
Features
This line will be 34.4 km long, 25 km of which are from Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya freight lines. With 25 stations, it will link the towns of Manresa, Sallent and Súria, as well as allow connection with other transportation services such as Rodalies Barcelona in Manresa.
See also
Autoritat Territorial de la Mobilitat de les Comarques Centrals
References
External links
Metrobarna
Railway lines in Catalonia
Proposed rail infrastructure in Spain
Transport in Bages
Espand (; also known as Espandeh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 276, in 69 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Staro Lagovo is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. Till 1912 it was just known as Lagovo.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 38 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 38
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Duncan McNab (1820–1896), was a Catholic missionary in Queensland and the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
McNab was born on 11 May 1820 at Achrinich, parish of Morven, Argyllshire, Scotland, son of Patric McNab and his wife Cirsty. He entered Blair College, a seminary near Aberdeen, in 1832 and in June 1835 to the Scots College in Rome but left before taking his oath as a missionary on 8 August 1840. He was ordained a priest in Scotland on 8 March 1845. He later stated that he had dreamed of becoming a missionary to the Australian Aborigines at that time, perhaps inspired by what he had heard from the family of his fathers sister's family the MacKillop family in the colony of Victoria, but was refused by a bishop perpetually short of priests, and spent twenty years in parish work before finally migrating to Australia on board the Chariot of Fame in July 1867.
Here he was again refused permission to embark on a mission to Aboriginals until 1875 where he began work in the colony of Queensland. McNab firmly believed in restoring Aboriginal People to equal rights and considering their attachment to their land he believed that the best way of assisting them was to help them to become settlers on sections of their own tribal land and on equal terms to that of white settlers. However, his ideas was met with powerful opposition from settlers as well as from sections of the Catholic leadership, subsequently forced McNab to leave Queensland in 1882. He then began a mission amongst Aboriginal prisoners in Western Australia, later setting up a small mission station in Goodneough Bay in the remote north of the Kimberley region. Age and illness caused him to retire to Victoria where he died in 1896.
Duncan McNab, was a first cousin once removed to Sister Mary MacKillop.
Notes
References
Durack, Mary: The Rock and the Sand, London 1969, 336 pages ill. index.
Nailon, Brigida: The Writing on The Wall. - Father Duncan McNab 1820-1896, Melbourne 2003, 256 ill. index.
Ørsted-Jensen, Robert: The Right to live - the Troubled Conscience of an Australian Journalist (yet unpublished Dr thesis and manuscript)
Roman Catholic missionaries in Australia
Australian indigenous rights activists
Scottish Roman Catholic missionaries
19th-century Australian Roman Catholic priests
1820 births
1896 deaths
Scottish emigrants to Australia
19th-century Scottish Roman Catholic priests
This is a list of Serbian regions by GDP, GDP per capita and GVA.
Data for 2018 estimates (international US$ using 2018 PPP conversion factor from the International Monetary Fund).
Regions by GDP
Regions of Serbia by GDP in 2018 according to data by the Statistical Office of the Republic of Serbia.
Regions by GDP per capita
Regions of Serbia by GDP in 2018 according to data by the Statistical Office of the Republic of Serbia.
Districts by GDP (PPS) per inhabitant
Districts of Serbia by GDP (PPS) per inhabitant in 2018 according to data by the Eurostat.
Districts by GVA and GVA per capita
Districts of Serbia by Gross value added (GDP + Subsidies on products - Taxes on products) and Gross value added per capita in 2018 according to data by the Statistical Office of the Republic of Serbia.
References
Serbian regions by GDP
GDP
Serbia
In mathematics, the p-Laplacian, or the p-Laplace operator, is a quasilinear elliptic partial differential operator of 2nd order. It is a nonlinear generalization of the Laplace operator, where is allowed to range over . It is written as
Where the is defined as
In the special case when , this operator reduces to the usual Laplacian. In general solutions of equations involving the p-Laplacian do not have second order derivatives in classical sense, thus solutions to these equations have to be understood as weak solutions. For example, we say that a function u belonging to the Sobolev space is a weak solution of
if for every test function we have
where denotes the standard scalar product.
Energy formulation
The weak solution of the p-Laplace equation with Dirichlet boundary conditions
in a domain is the minimizer of the energy functional
among all functions in the Sobolev space satisfying the boundary conditions in the trace sense. In the particular case and is a ball of radius 1, the weak solution of the problem above can be explicitly computed and is given by
where is a suitable constant depending on the dimension and on only. Observe that for the solution is not twice differentiable in classical sense.
Notes
Sources
Further reading
.
Notes on the p-Laplace equation by Peter Lindqvist
Juan Manfredi, Strong comparison Principle for p-harmonic functions
Elliptic partial differential equations
WJVS (88.3 FM) was a student-run radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio and operated by the Great Oaks Institute of Technology and Career Development, and based at the Sharonville, Ohio school. On May 10, 2012, the station's transmitter failed, and the station, which had been scheduled to permanently shut down May 18, decided to end broadcasting at that time.
WJVS shared its frequency with WAIF, also located in Cincinnati. WJVS operated during the normal school year, Monday through Friday, from 8:00 am to 2:20 P.M.
References
External links
Radio Stations in the Cincinnati OH Metro area at ontheradio.net
JVS
Defunct radio stations in the United States
2012 disestablishments in Ohio
Radio stations disestablished in 2012
JVS
Riyad Nassan Agha () (born 1947) is a former minister of culture of Syria. He served as Syria's ambassador to Oman and the United Arab Emirates. He holds a PhD. degree in philosophy from the University of Damascus.
References
1947 births
Living people
Syrian ministers of culture
Ambassadors of Syria to Oman
Ambassadors of Syria to the United Arab Emirates
Damascus University alumni
Żmudź is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Żmudź. It lies approximately south-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 663.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Guy Callaghan (born 7 September 1970 in Hastings, Hawke's Bay) is a former butterfly swimmer from New Zealand, who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain for his native country.
His biggest success came in 1995, at the second edition of the FINA World SC Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where Callaghan won the gold medal with the Men's 4x100 Medley Relay Team. This was a New Zealand record time and was the 4th fastest time ever recorded.
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming (men)
References
1970 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of New Zealand
Male butterfly swimmers
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for New Zealand
Swimmers from Auckland
New Zealand male swimmers
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Swimmers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
is a Japanese architect.
He was born in Shizuoka, Japan. He worked with Renzo Piano for twenty years in Europe, from the designing construction supervision of the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris.
In 1988, Okabe, then the representative of Renzo Piano Building Workshop in Japan, won the international competition of Kansai International Airport Terminal Building and was responsible for the design and construction supervision. While not currently on display, the Museum of Modern Art holds a model of the building's main structural truss in its Architecture and Design department.
After the construction of the Terminal Building, he established Noriaki Okabe Architecture Network in 1995 in Tokyo. While Okabe's practice has since expanded beyond architecture into industrial design, including the Odakyu 50000 series VSE train. In 2009 he collaborated with Belgian architect Jean-Michel Jaspers in designing the Belgian Embassy in Tokyo.
Notable projects
Kansai International Airport Terminal Building, Renzo Piano Building Workshop Japan, Osaka
Ushibuka Haiya Bridge, Renzo Piano Building Workshop Japan, Nagasaki, Japan
Housing in Sakura-shinmachi, Tokyo, Japan
Valeo Unisia Transmissions Atsugi (factory), Kanagawa, Japan
Odakyu 50000 series VSE train design
Odakyu 60000 series MSE train design
Belgian Embassy, Tokyo, Japan (collaboration with Belgian landscape architect Aldrik Heirman)
Hakone Tozan 3000 series train design
Odakyu 30000 series EXEα train refurbishment programme from fiscal 2016
Odakyu 70000 series train design
References
External links
Noriaki Okabe Architecture Network official site
1947 births
Living people
Japanese architects
Pteroptochos is a genus of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It contains the following species:
Chestnut-throated huet-huet (Pteroptochos castaneus)
Black-throated huet-huet (Pteroptochos tarnii)
Moustached turca (Pteroptochos megapodius)
References
Rhinocryptidae
Bird genera
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Denis Malgin (born 18 January 1997) is a Swiss professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Malgin was selected by the Florida Panthers in the fourth round, 102nd overall, of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Malgin made his National League A debut playing with ZSC Lions during the 2014–15 season. He was selected in the fourth round (102nd overall) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers.
On 25 July 2016, Malgin signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Panthers.
Malgin made the Panthers' opening night roster for the 2016–17 season. He made his NHL debut on 13 October against the New Jersey Devils. His first career point, an assist, came in his second NHL game, against the Detroit Red Wings on 15 October. He scored his first NHL goal on 2 November against Tuukka Rask of the Boston Bruins. Malgin finished the season with ten points in 47 games. He also skated in 15 games for the Panthers' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Springfield Thunderbirds.
Malgin spent the entirety of the 2018–19 season with the Panthers, recording 16 points in 50 games. On 26 August 2019, the Panthers re-signed Malgin to a one-year contract extension.
During the 2019–20 season, Malgin registered 12 points in 36 games with the Panthers before he was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for forward Mason Marchment on 19 February 2020.
On 2 October 2020, Toronto re-signed Malgin to a one-year contract extension worth $700,000. He began the 2020–21 NL season with Lausanne HC on loan from the Leafs while the start of the North American was delayed due to the ongoing pandemic. Malgin was placed on waivers by the Leafs on 5 January 2021 in order to continue with Lausanne for the remainder of the season. On 2 May, Malgin was re-assigned to the Toronto Marlies of the AHL.
On 6 September 2021, Malgin returned to the ZSC Lions as a free agent, agreeing to a four-year deal.
On 13 July 2022, Malgin returned to the NHL signing a one-year, $750,000 contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
International play
Malgin competed for Switzerland at the 2015 IIHF World U18 Championships, where he was named to the 2015 IIHF World U18 Championship All-Star Team.
Personal life
Malgin's parents are originally from Russia. His father Albert played for teams in the Soviet Union before moving to Switzerland to continue his career. It was him who introduced Malgin to hockey; at age three, Malgin began skating with his father's team. Malgin's brother Dmitri is also a professional hockey player, currently playing in the 1ère ligue, the fourth tier league in Switzerland.
Growing up, Malgin returned to Perm, Russia, every summer, where his father is from. He grew up speaking Russian, though learned Swiss German at school.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Expatriate ice hockey players in Canada
Expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Florida Panthers draft picks
Florida Panthers players
GCK Lions players
Lausanne HC players
People from Olten
Springfield Thunderbirds players
Swiss expatriate ice hockey people
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Swiss ice hockey centres
Swiss people of Russian descent
Toronto Maple Leafs players
ZSC Lions players
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Switzerland
Sportspeople from the canton of Solothurn
The 1908–09 Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball team represented Niagara University during the 1908–09 college men's basketball season. The head coach was Bob Yates, coaching his first season with the Purple Eagles.
Schedule
|-
References
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball seasons
Niagara
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
The International Association of Sanskrit Studies (IASS) is an organisation whose primary purpose is to arrange the World Sanskrit Conference, which is usually held once every three years. Membership is open to all and, , its president is V. Kutumba Sastry, a past Vice Chancellor of the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan.
The association was formed as a result of the 1972 International Sanskrit Conference that was sponsored by India's central government with collaboration from UNESCO.
Indologica Taurinensia is the journal of the IASS.
References
External links
Sanskrit
International cultural organizations
"Hold Your Colour" is a song by Australian drum and bass band Pendulum, released as the fifth single from their debut album Hold Your Colour, and their eighth single overall. It was released as a double A-side by Breakbeat Kaos on 6 March 2006 in the UK. The single features two tracks from the album – a remix of "Hold Your Colour" and "Streamline". The song "Hold Your Colour" features guest guitarist Andrew Goddard and bassist Jon Stockman of Perth band Karnivool. The Bipolar mix of "Hold Your Colour" was featured on the soundtrack of FIFA Street 2. According to Rob Swire, the intro vocal sample in "Hold Your Colour" ("Soaking through...") was taken from a track by Rob, Pendulum member Gareth McGrillen and ShockOne's old band Xygen. The track was titled "Lycaeum". Some lyrics from "Lycaeum" were used in Hold Your Colour.
Track listing
These are the formats and associated track listings of single releases of "Hold Your Colour" / "Streamline".
Digital single
"Hold Your Colour" – 3:33
"Hold Your Colour" – 4:13
12" vinyl single
A. "Hold Your Colour" – 4:13
AA. "Streamline" – 5:25
CD single
"Hold Your Colour" – 3:33
"Hold Your Colour" – 4:13
"Hold Your Colour" – 5:30
"Streamline" – 5:25
Personnel
The following people contributed to "Hold Your Colour" / "Streamline".
Rob Swire – writer, producer, vocals, synthesiser, mixing
Andrew Goddard – guitar on "Hold Your Colour"
Jon Stockman – bass on "Hold Your Colour"
Stuart Hawkes – mastering
References
2005 songs
2006 singles
Pendulum (drum and bass band) songs
Songs written by Rob Swire
Space Gun is the 26th studio album by American indie rock band Guided by Voices. It was released on March 23, 2018 under Guided by Voices, Inc.
This album was recorded and mixed by Travis Harrison at Serious Business Music, NY, and Stillwater River Lodge
Critical reception
Space Gun was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 77, based on 12 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the release a 73 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 11 reviews.
Track listing
Personnel
Robert Pollard – lead and backing vocals
Doug Gillard – guitar, backing vocals on "Sport Component National"
Bobby Bare Jr. – guitar
Mark Shue – bass guitar, backing vocals on "Sport Component National"
Kevin March – drums
References
Guided by Voices albums
2018 albums
"S Wonderful" is a 1927 popular song composed by George Gershwin, with lyrics written by Ira Gershwin. It was introduced in the Broadway musical Funny Face (1927) by Adele Astaire and Allen Kearns.
The song is considered a standard and has been recorded by many artists, especially jazz artists. In 1928, Adele Astaire, who introduced the song on stage the previous year, recorded one of the earliest versions with Bernard Clifton. The most successful recordings in 1928 were however by Frank Crumit and by the Ipana Troubadors.
Other recordings
Other vocal versions include those of Bing Crosby (recorded in 1954 for use on his radio show and it was subsequently included in the box set The Bing Crosby CBS Radio Recordings (1954-56) issued by Mosaic Records (catalog MD7-245) in 2009.), Sun Ra, Brian Wilson, Anita O'Day, Gene Kelly, Ella Fitzgerald (for her album Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Song Book), Michael Feinstein (for his album Pure Gershwin), Joe Williams, John Pizzarelli, Sarah Vaughan, Karrin Allyson, Diana Krall for her album The Look of Love and as a duet with Tony Bennett on their collaborative album Love Is Here to Stay, João Gilberto, Shirley Bassey, Harry Connick Jr. and Engelbert Humperdinck.
There have also been many instrumental recordings, for example, by Dave Grusin, Ray Conniff, Lee Konitz and Lennie Tristano, Sonny Stitt, and Lionel Hampton with Oscar Peterson. The song also appears on the original Broadway cast recordings of Nice Work If You Can Get It and My One and Only. It also appears in the 2015 original Broadway cast recording of An American in Paris (musical) featuring Brandon Uranowitz, Robert Fairchild and Max von Essen.
Film and television appearances
The song was included in the 1951 movie An American in Paris, where it was sung by Gene Kelly and Georges Guétary, as well as in the 1957 American musical film Funny Face, in which it was performed by Audrey Hepburn and Fred Astaire. Doris Day also sang it in Starlift (1951) and Dean Martin sang it during the opening credits of the 1964 film Kiss Me, Stupid. In the Season 7 Family Ties episode "They Can't Take That Away From Me, Part 1", Alex Keating (Michael J. Fox) and Marty Brodie (Jane Adams) play a piano duet version of the song. Max Gustafson (Walter Matthau) plays the song during a date in a scene from “Grumpier Old Men” (1995). A version by João Gilberto is featured in the 2010 film Eat Pray Love.
See also
List of 1920s jazz standards
References
Songs with music by George Gershwin
Songs with lyrics by Ira Gershwin
Songs from Funny Face (musical)
1927 songs
Male–female vocal duets
Fred Astaire songs
1920s jazz standards
Spirou et les hommes-bulles (Spirou and the bubble-men), written and drawn by Franquin, is the seventeenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The title story appeared sequentially (in black & white) in Le Parisien Libéré, and only the accompanying story Les petits formats was serialised in Spirou magazine as well, before both were published in a hardcover album in 1964.
Story
In Spirou et les hommes-bulles, memories of Le repaire de la murène are invoked as John Helena, "the Moray", escapes from captivity, and Spirou, Fantasio and the Count suspect he is going after the gold that is still in the wreckage of Le Discret. A sudden trend of mini-submarine sabotage prompts the heroes to investigate, and the mystery becomes no more clear when Helena is discovered barely conscious, with gold, feebly warning of an attack by the "Bubble Men".
In Les Petits Formats, Marsupilami playfully exposes Fantasio's unused film, forcing him to go to Mr. Flashback's photo store to buy replacements. When Spirou next meets Fantasio, he is reduced to a palm-sized, paralyzed miniature statue, which causes Spirou to question his own sanity. In a setting of other similar incidents involving Mr. Flashback, and a suspicious collector of miniatures, Spirou is set on a desperate mission to somehow restore his friend back to normal.
Background
Uniquely, Spirou et les hommes-bulles was never published in the Spirou magazine, but only in Le Parisien Libéré, uncoloured, and subsequently the later colour treatment of the two stories in this album is distinctly different from that of other Spirou albums. In comparison to its "prequel", Le repaire de la murène, hailed for its rich and atmospheric colour-use, it is criticized for falling short in this respect, as well as other, more typical, sequel disgruntlement.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1964 graphic novels
1964 in comics
Works originally published in Le Parisien
Literature first published in serial form
Arthrobacter gyeryongensis is a Gram-positive and rod-shaped bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from soil from a field with Gynostemma pentaphyllum plants.
References
Bacteria described in 2014
Micrococcaceae
Lilbi may refer to:
Lilbi, Hiiu County, village in Estonia
Lilbi, Saare County, village in Estonia
Copake Memorial Clock, also known as the Copake Clock, is a historic freestanding clock located at Copake, Columbia County, New York. It was erected in 1944 as a memorial to those lost in World War II, and is a four sided pedestal-type, memorial chime clock. The metal object consisting of a base, plinth, and column topped by a copper and glass clock was manufactured by the O. C. McClintock Company of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The death of Steven McIntyre in action in Italy during World War II inspired his uncle, Ed McIntyre, and Albert C. Bristol to spearhead a drive to create a memorial clock for all those from Copake who served in wartime. The cost of the clock — $2,600 —was a large sum at the time, especially considering world events of the day. The date of the original dedication was Oct. 29, 1944, while the U.S. was still at war.
In addition to Copake residents who served in World Wars I and II, the monument also contains plaques listing those who served in Korea and Vietnam.
The clock was rededicated in June 2011 after a complete restoration. The community raised $42,000, to replace the works and the chime unit, rebuild the entire clock body and pedestal, and restore the stained glass.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Clock towers in New York (state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1944
Buildings and structures in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
True Stories is the seventh studio album by American rock band Talking Heads. It was released on September 15, 1986, by Sire Records, preceding lead singer David Byrne's related film True Stories.
The album includes only Talking Heads studio recordings of songs from the film; an original cast recording from the film was planned, but was not released at the time, although some actors' performances were featured on singles of songs drawn from the album. Later that year, Byrne released the album Sounds from True Stories containing incidental music from the soundtrack. In 2018, a complete film soundtrack album was finally released, combining cast performances from the film and tracks from the two previous albums; only those three performances by Talking Heads from the first True Stories album that are actually heard in the film were included.
The single "Wild Wild Life" became the most prominent hit from the album, accompanied by its video airplay on MTV. The "Wild Wild Life" video won two MTV Video Music Awards in 1987: "Best Group Video" and "Best Video from a Film" (the video is in fact an extended sequence lifted directly from the film itself). A video for "Love for Sale" was created for use in the film (during a sequence when a woman, played by Swoosie Kurtz, watches the video on TV), and an extended version was later released as a video in its own right.
In 2006, the album was re-released and remastered by Warner Music Group on their Warner Bros./Sire Records/Rhino Records labels in DualDisc format, with three bonus tracks on the CD side (an extended mix of "Wild Wild Life", "Papa Legba" with vocal by Pops Staples, and "Radio Head" with vocals by Tito Larriva). The DVD-Audio side includes both stereo and 5.1 surround high resolution (96 kHz/24bit) mixes, as well as a Dolby Digital version and the videos of "Wild Wild Life" and "Love for Sale". In Europe, it was released as a CD+DVDA two disc set rather than a single DualDisc. The reissue was produced by Andy Zax with Talking Heads.
Reception
From contemporary reviews, Ken Tucker of The Philadelphia Inquirer gave the album a three out of four stars rating, stating the album was "gently melodic pop, with little of the polyrhythmic aggressiveness that has characterized recent Talking Heads albums." Tucker found that "some of the songs verge on triteness or banality" but "Love for Sale" and "People Like Us" were "beautiful rock music."
Track listing
All songs written and composed by David Byrne.
"Love for Sale" – 4:30
"Puzzlin' Evidence" – 5:23
"Hey Now" – 3:42
"Papa Legba" – 5:54
"Wild Wild Life" – 3:39
"Radio Head" – 3:14
"Dream Operator" – 4:39
"People Like Us" – 4:26
"City of Dreams" – 5:06
"Wild Wild Life" (Extended mix) (CD bonus track) – 5:30
"Papa Legba" (Pops Staples vocal version) (Re-release bonus track) – 5:59
"Radio Head" (Tito Larriva vocal version) (Re-release bonus track) – 3:50
Tracks 11 and 12 appear on the 2006 CD issue only. Of the 9 tracks on the original LP release, "Love for Sale", "Wild Wild Life" and "City of Dreams" are the only recordings that actually appear in the film. On screen, the other songs are performed by the film actors; two of those are included among the bonus tracks of the 2006 reissue. The performance of "Papa Legba" by Pops Staples that was included in 2006 reissue runs a full minute longer than the track included in the "complete soundtrack" version of 2018.
The band Radiohead named themselves after track six, "Radio Head".
Personnel
Talking Heads
David Byrne – guitar, vocals
Chris Frantz – drums
Jerry Harrison – keyboards, guitar, backing vocals
Tina Weymouth – bass guitar, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Bert Cross Choir – vocals on "Puzzlin' Evidence"
Tommy Camfield – fiddle on "People Like Us"
Paulinho da Costa – percussion on "Papa Legba", "Radio Head", and "People Like Us"
Steve Jordan – accordion on "Radio Head"
St. Thomas Aquinas Elementary School Choir – vocals on "Hey Now"
Tommy Morrell – pedal steel guitar on "People Like Us" and "City of Dreams"
Production
Charles Brocco – mixing assistance
Paul Christiensen – overdubbing engineering on "Puzzlin' Evidence"
Nick del Ray – engineering assistance
Mick Guzauski – mixing on "Wild Wild Life"
Lee Herschburg – mixing on "People Like Us"
Robin Laine – mixing assistance
Michael McClain – overdubbing engineering on "Hey Now", "Radio Head", "People Like Us", and "City of Dreams"
Tom Nist – mixing assistance
Jack Skinner – mastering
Eric Thorngren – engineering, mixing, overdubbing
Melanie West – engineering assistance
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Bibliography
1986 albums
Albums produced by David Byrne
Albums produced by Chris Frantz
Albums produced by Jerry Harrison
Albums produced by Tina Weymouth
Albums recorded at Sigma Sound Studios
Concept albums
Sire Records albums
Talking Heads albums
Zaghedeh (, also Romanized as Zāghedeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 353, in 93 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Doniphan County (county code DP) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 7,510. Its county seat is Troy, and its most populous city is Wathena.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Doniphan County was established on August 25, 1855, then organized on September 18, 1855. It is named for the U.S. cavalry commander Colonel Alexander W. Doniphan (1808–1887) of Liberty, Missouri, who played an important part in the Mexican–American War. He was a zealous partisan in the failed effort made to extend slavery into Kansas.
Geography
Doniphan County is located in the northeastern corner of the state—it is bordered by Nebraska to the north and Missouri to the east. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Kansas by land area and second-smallest by total area.
Geographic features
The Missouri River defines the border in the north and east. Eight barge lines travel the river, and a Port Authority is located across the river in Saint Joseph, Missouri. The river provides much of the water for the eastern part of the county. Interior cities, such as Troy and Highland, receive their water from underground wells. The Wolf River flows through western portions of the county and north into the Missouri River.
Major highways
The only major highway serving the county is U.S. Highway 36, an east–west route traveling through St. Joseph. Troy, Elwood, and Wathena lie along this route. Kansas state highways K-7, K-20, K-120, K-136, K-137, and K-238 serve other areas of the county. K-7 has been designated a scenic byway. (See the map below.)
Adjacent counties
Holt County, Missouri (north)
Andrew County, Missouri (northeast)
Buchanan County, Missouri (southeast)
Atchison County (southwest)
Brown County (west)
Richardson County, Nebraska (northwest)
Demographics
Doniphan County is part of the St. Joseph, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 8,249 people, 3,173 households, and 2,183 families residing in the county. The population density was 21 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 3,489 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.85% White, 2.00% Black or African American, 1.21% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.40% from other races, and 1.29% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.16% of the population.
There were 3,173 households, out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.40% were married couples living together, 8.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 27.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 11.80% from 18 to 24, 24.70% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,537, and the median income for a family was $39,357. Males had a median income of $28,096 versus $19,721 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,849. About 9.00% of families and 11.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.30% of those under age 18 and 12.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
County
Doniphan County is served by a Board of County Commissioners composed of one elected official from each of three districts. The commissioners serve four-year terms with the 2nd and 3rd district elections following two years after the 1st district election. The board is responsible for setting the county's policies, procedures, and budgets as well as overseeing functions of their respective road and bridge shops. In addition, the board acts as the Board of County Canvassers and canvasses votes cast at each election. The county has adopted comprehensive county planning and zoning codes. The cities are governed by mayors and city councils. Government services are paid for through a sales tax, property tax, and an ad valorem tax mill levy.
Presidential elections
Owing to its history of settlement by anti-slavery Yankees from Iowa and ultimately New England, Doniphan County became a Republican stronghold and has remained so ever since. The county has voted for the Republican nominee in every presidential election since Kansas became a state, beginning in 1864. With Riley County voting Democratic for the first time in the 2020 election, Doniphan County is the only county in Kansas that has never had at least a plurality for the Democratic nominee. Only on three occasions has the Democratic nominee reached forty percent of Doniphan County's vote, all of these in national landslides, and on only seven occasions have the Democrats managed 35 percent of county ballots.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Doniphan County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2012.
Education
Unified school districts
Doniphan West USD 111
Riverside USD 114
Troy USD 429
Colleges and universities
Highland Community College was the first college established in the state when the Highland University charter was granted by the Territorial Legislature in 1858. Over time the college lost its affiliation with the Presbyterian Church and changed its name several times before becoming a regional rural community college. (Web site)
Communities
Cities
Denton
Elwood
Highland
Leona
Severance
Troy
Wathena
White Cloud
Census-designated place
Bendena
Other unincorporated communities
Blair
Brenner
Doniphan
Fanning
Iowa Point
Moray
Palermo
Purcell
Sparks
Townships
Doniphan County is divided into nine mostly rural townships. The three townships with the greatest population lie along U.S. Highway 36. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the township include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Points of interest
Native American Heritage Museum, 2 miles east of Highland : Originally a Presbyterian Mission built in 1845 to educate Iowa and Missouri Sac and Fox children, the museum was rehabilitated to showcase the arts and history of the emigrant tribes in northeastern Kansas. (Web site)
Nelson Rodgers House, in Troy : Built in 1856, this -story center-gable house constructed of hand-hewn timbers is the first and oldest remaining house in Troy.
Four-state Lookout, in White Cloud : This viewing platform provides a panoramic view of the Missouri River valley, including Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and (possibly) Iowa.
Townsite of Old Doniphan : On July 4, 1804, the Lewis and Clark Expedition camped near an uninhabited Kanza Indian village on Independence Creek. The former town of Doniphan was established in the vicinity of the campsite.
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Doniphan County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Gray's Doniphan County History: A Record of the Happenings of Half a Hundred Years; P.L. Gray; Roycroft Press; 173 pages; 1905.
Standard Atlas of Doniphan County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 38 pages; 1904.
Historical Plat Book of Doniphan County, Kansas; J.S. Bird; 98 pages; 1882.
External links
County
Doniphan County - Directory of Public Officials
Additional information
Lewis & Clark in Kansas: Doniphan County Attractions
Doniphan County 1882 Historical Plat Book
County Level Data from Kansas Statistical Abstract
Kansas State Historical Society
General county information
The Political Graveyard
List of extinct towns and post offices
Maps
Doniphan County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
St. Joseph, Missouri metropolitan area
Kansas counties on the Missouri River
SM UB-136 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. Completed after the end of hostilities, she was not commissioned into the German Imperial Navy but surrendered to Britain in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. In 1922 she was broken up in Rochester.
Construction
She was built by Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft of Kiel and following just under a year of construction, launched at Kiel on 27 September 1918. UB-136 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-136 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-136 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Kiel
Viter Juste (December 15, 1924 – November 19, 2012) was a Haitian-born American community leader, businessman, and activist. Juste coined the name, "Little Haiti," for the neighborhood in Miami, Florida which is a center of the Haitian-American community in Florida. He is considered the father of the Haitian American community in Miami.
Biography
Early life
Viter Juste was born on the island of La Gonâve, a Haitian island in the Gulf of Gonâve, on December 15, 1924. His father was a businessman. Viter Juste received a college degree in business and accounting. In 1946, Juste opened his first business, a supermarket located in the Haitian capital, Port-au-Prince. He later shuttered his supermarket in order to take a position with a disease eradication program operated by the United Nations.
Move to the United States
Juste's life in Haiti changed in the aftermath of the 1957 Haitian presidential election, which was won by François "Papa Doc" Duvalier. Duvalier would become a dictator, responsible for the deaths of thousands and the flight of many professionals from the country. Juste, who had openly supported Duvalier's main opponent, Louis Déjoie, in the election decided to leave Haiti for the United States for the safety of himself and his family. He initially moved to Texas, before living in New York City for several years. In 1973, Juste, his wife, Maria, and their children moved to Miami, Florida.
Advocacy
In 1972, one year before Juste moved to Miami, the first known, documented boat carrying Haitian refugees landed in South Florida. Two years later, Viter Juste held a 1974 meeting with Monsignor Bryan O. Walsh of the Roman Catholic Church in an effort to help the refugees. The 1974 collaboration between Walsh and Juste resulted in the creation of the Haitian-American Community Association of Dade, which was one of the first social service organizations founded specifically to cater to the needs of the Haitian community in Miami. Juste served as one of the Association's first directors. The meeting between Juste and Walsh effectively launched Juste's career as an advocate and activist on behalf of South Florida's Haitian immigrant and Haitian American community.
Juste led a community boycott against a local branch of the Winn-Dixie supermarket, which had openly discriminated against Haitians. He also protested against the Miami-Dade County Public Schools during the 1970s after the Miami-Dade School Board refused to allow undocumented Haitian students to enroll in the school district.
Juste's fight with the Miami-Dade School District led him to coin the term "Little Haiti" for the largely Haitian American neighborhood of Miami, historically known as Lemon City. According to Jean-Claude Exulien, a retired professor of history and friend of Juste's since 1977, Juste authored an article in the Miami Herald in which he first referred to the neighborhood as "Little Port-au-Prince." However, editors at the Miami Herald found the name, "Little Port-au-Prince," too long, so the newspaper shortened the term in the headline to "Little Haiti." The name stuck and has been widely used for the neighborhood.
Juste also worked to advance the Haitian American community in business and media. Juste was the first person in Miami to establish a French-language weekly newspaper targeted to Haitian Americans. His newspaper, which consisted of twelve pages, cost readers just 25 cents. Juste also opened Les Cousins Records and Books, which was the first store in Miami to sell Haitian Creole and Frans-language music and books. Juste moved Les Cousins Records and Books to Little Haiti.
Juste is also considered a pioneer in adult education in Miami. He was the first person to establish an adult education program held in the evenings, which allowed working people to attend his classes. Juste taught both English language classes and skills to assimilate into larger American society.
Later life
Juste, who suffered from diabetes and dementia during his later life, died at an assisted living facility in North Miami, Florida, on November 19, 2012, at the age of 87. He was survived by Juste by two daughters, Chantal Juste Watson and Maria Blain; three sons, Carl Juste, a photojournalist for the Miami Herald, Wagner, and Patrick Juste; fifteen grandchildren; and fifteen great-grandchildren. Juste was predeceased by his wife of sixty years, Maria, died in 2008, and two sons.
Archbishop Thomas Wenski of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami, who had known Viter Juste since in 1979, said of him following his death, "He was a man passionate for making his mark in the Haitian community; both as a businessman and a community leader...He was a pioneer, and paved the way for young generations of Haitians to follow." Former Haitian political prisoner and history professor, Jean-Claude Exulien, who first Juste in 1977, also paid tribute to Juste, telling the Miami Herald, "This is a huge loss for the community...We didn't always agree on Haiti, but on the plan for the community here, we were together."
References
1924 births
2012 deaths
American newspaper founders
Businesspeople from Florida
Businesspeople from Miami
20th-century Haitian businesspeople
American educators
American activists
Haitian emigrants to the United States
People from Ouest (department)
People from Port-au-Prince
20th-century American businesspeople
Thrimby is a hamlet and former civil parish, now in the parish of Little Strickland, in the Eden district of Cumbria, England. In 2001 the population of the civil parish of Thrimby was 30. The population measured at the 2011 Census was less than 100. Details are included in the parish of Great Strickland. It has a Grade 2* farmhouse called Thrimby Hall, as seen in series 4 of the BBC Two fly-on-the-wall farming documentary "This Farming Life".
History
On 23 October 1970, the nine-mile Tebay to Thrimby section of the M6 was opened, built by Christiani-Shand. The section terminated on the A6. The next junction further north would be at Penrith (A66). Thrimby was a chapelry with 2 townships within Morland parish, it became a civil parish in 1866, on 1 April 2019 the parish was merged with Little Strickland.
See also
Listed buildings in Thrimby
List of English and Welsh endowed schools (19th century)
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Thrimby (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
http://www.genuki.org.uk/big/eng/WES/Thrimby/index.htm
http://www.britishlistedbuildings.co.uk/england/cumbria/thrimby
https://books.google.com/books?id=fvmpPRwVc_IC&pg=PA438&dq=thrimby&hl=en&ei=5rouTsLULMzu-gbds8nLDg&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=3&ved=0CDMQ6AEwAg#v=onepage&q=thrimby&f=false
http://www.visitcumbria.com/churches/little-strickland-st-marys-church.htm
http://www.morlandchurch.org.uk/thrimby/index.htm
http://www.achurchnearyou.com/thrimby-st-mary/
Hamlets in Cumbria
Former civil parishes in Cumbria
Little Strickland
Addison Richards (born September 28, 1993) is a Canadian former football wide receiver who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Richards was drafted 11th overall by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the 2015 CFL Draft. Richards played CIS football with the Regina Rams.
References
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Regina, Saskatchewan
Players of Canadian football from Saskatchewan
Regina Rams players
Canadian football wide receivers
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
This article shows the rosters of all participating teams at the 2015 European Games – Men's tournament in Azerbaijan.
The following is the Bulgarian roster in the 2015 European Games.
Head coach: Nikolay Jeliazkov
Head coach: Lauri Hakala
The following is the German roster in the 2015 European Games.
Head coach: Vital Heynen
The following is the Polish roster in the 2015 European Games.
Head coach: Andrzej Kowal
The following is the Russian roster in the 2015 European Games.
Head coach: Sergey Shlyapnikov
References
External links
European games official website
European Games
Man 's
European Games volleyball squads
George Macaulay Trevelyan (16 February 1876 – 21 July 1962) was a British historian and academic. He was a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, from 1898 to 1903. He then spent more than twenty years as a full-time author. He returned to the University of Cambridge and was Regius Professor of History from 1927 to 1943. He served as Master of Trinity College from 1940 to 1951. In retirement, he was Chancellor of Durham University.
Trevelyan was the third son of Sir George Otto Trevelyan, 2nd Baronet, and great-nephew of Thomas Babington Macaulay. He espoused Macaulay's staunch liberal Whig principles in accessible works of literate narrative unfettered by scholarly neutrality, his style becoming old-fashioned in the course of his long and productive career. The historian E. H. Carr considered Trevelyan to be one of the last historians of the Whig tradition.
Many of his writings promoted the Whig Party, an important British political movement from the 17th to the mid-19th centuries, as well as its successor, the Liberal Party. Whigs and Liberals believed the common people had a more positive effect on history than did royalty and that democratic government would bring about steady social progress.
Trevelyan's history is engaged and partisan. Of his Garibaldi trilogy, "reeking with bias", he remarked in his essay "Bias in History", "Without bias, I should never have written them at all. For I was moved to write them by a poetical sympathy with the passions of the Italian patriots of the period, which I retrospectively shared."
Early life
Trevelyan was born into late Victorian Britain in Welcombe House, Stratford-on-Avon, the large house and estate owned by his maternal grandfather, Robert Needham Philips, a wealthy Lancashire merchant and the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Bury. Today Welcombe is a hotel and spa for tourists visiting Shakespeare's birthplace. On his paternal side, he was the son of Sir George Trevelyan, 2nd Baronet, who had served as Secretary for Scotland, under Liberal Prime Ministers William Gladstone, and the Earl of Rosebery, and the grandson of Sir Charles Trevelyan, 1st Baronet, who had served as a civil servant and had faced considerable criticism for his and the British government's handling of the Great Famine of Ireland.
Trevelyan's parents used Welcombe as a winter resort after they inherited it in 1890. They looked upon Wallington Hall, the Trevelyan family estate in Northumberland, as their real home. George traced his father's steps to Harrow School and then Trinity College, Cambridge. After attending Wixenford and Harrow, where he specialised in history, Trevelyan studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was a member of the secret society, the Cambridge Apostles and founder of the still existing Lake Hunt, a hare and hounds chase where both hounds and hares are human. In 1898, he won a fellowship at Trinity with a dissertation that was published the following year as England in the Age of Wycliffe. One professor at the university, Lord Acton, enchanted the young Trevelyan with his great wisdom and his belief in moral judgement and individual liberty.
Garibaldi
Trevelyan made his own reputation by depicting Italian patriot Giuseppe Garibaldi as a great hero who stood for British ideals of liberty. According to David Cannadine:
[Trevelyan's] great work was his Garibaldi trilogy (1907–11), which established his reputation as the outstanding literary historian of his generation. It depicted Garibaldi as a Carlylean hero—poet, patriot, and man of action—whose inspired leadership created the Italian nation. For Trevelyan, Garibaldi was the champion of freedom, progress, and tolerance, who vanquished the despotism, reaction, and obscurantism of the Austrian empire and the Neapolitan monarchy. The books were also notable for their vivid evocation of landscape (Trevelyan had himself followed the course of Garibaldi's marches), for their innovative use of documentary and oral sources, and for their spirited accounts of battles and military campaigns.
Historian Lucy Voakes argues that his Garibaldi project was part of a larger movement among English intellectuals to consolidate, celebrate and sometimes to critique liberal culture and politics. She sees Trevelyan's conception of the hero, and his study of the Italian Risorgimento emerging from his promotion of a distinctly 'English' patriotism based upon Whig gradualism, parliamentary monarchy and a hierarchical anti-republicanism.
Role in education
Trevelyan lectured at Cambridge until 1903 at which point he left academic life to become a full-time writer. In 1927 he returned to the University to take up a position as Regius Professor of Modern History, where the single student whose doctorate he agreed to supervise was J. H. Plumb (1936). During his Professorship he was also familiar with Guy Burgess – he gave a positive reference for Burgess when he applied for a post at the BBC in 1935, describing him as a "first rate man", but also stating that "He has passed through the communist measles that so many of our clever young men go through, and is well out of it". In 1940 he was appointed as Master of Trinity College and served in the post until 1951 when he retired.
Trevelyan declined the presidency of the British Academy but served as chancellor of Durham University from 1950 to 1958. Trevelyan College at Durham University is named after him. He won the 1920 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for the biography Lord Grey of the Reform Bill, was elected a fellow of the British Academy in 1925, made a fellow of the Royal Society in 1950, and was an honorary doctor of many universities including Cambridge.
Place in British ideas
Shocked by the horrors of the Great War he saw as an ambulance driver just behind the front lines, Trevelyan became more appreciative of conservatism as a positive force, and less insistent that progress was inevitable. In History of England (1926), he searched for the deepest meaning of English history. Cannadine says he reported they were "the nation's evolution and identity: parliamentary government, the rule of law, religious toleration, freedom from continental interference or involvement, and a global horizon of maritime supremacy and imperial expansion".
Cannadine concluded in G.M. Trevelyan: A Life in History (1992):
During the first half of the twentieth century Trevelyan was the most famous, the most honored, the most influential and the most widely read historian of his generation. He was a scion of the greatest historical dynasty that (Britain) has ever produced. He knew and corresponded with many of the greatest figures of his time... For fifty years, Trevelyan acted as a public moralist, public teacher and public benefactor, wielding unchallenged cultural authority among the governing and the educated classes of his day.
Once called "probably the most widely read historian in the world; perhaps in the history of the world." Trevelyan saw how two world wars shook the belief in progress. Historiography had changed and the belief in progress declined. Roy Jenkins argued:
On the other hand, J. H. Plumb argued:
Other activities
During World War I he commanded a British Red Cross ambulance unit on the Italian front; his defective eyesight meant he was unfit for military service. On December 24th, 1915, he was personally decorated by king Victor Emmanuel III of Italy with the Silver Medal of Military Valor for having bravely cleared out a military hospital made target of Austro-Hungarian fire.
In 1919 he delivered the British Academy's Italian Lecture.
Trevelyan was the first president of the Youth Hostels Association and the YHA headquarters are called Trevelyan House in his honour. He worked tirelessly through his career on behalf of the National Trust, in preserving not merely historic houses, but historic landscapes.
Trevelyan's works
G.M. Trevelyan was a prolific author:
England in the Age of Wycliffe, 1368–1520 (1899). His first book, based on his PhD thesis. The title of this work is somewhat misleading, since it concentrates on the political, social and religious conditions of England during the later years of Wycliffe's life only. Six of the nine chapters are devoted to the years 1377–1385, while the last two treat the history of the Lollards from 1382 until the Reformation. The work is critical of Roman Catholicism in favor of Wycliffe.
England Under the Stuarts (1904). Covers 1603 to 1714.
The Poetry and Philosophy of George Meredith (1906).
Garibaldi's Defence of the Roman Republic (1907). This volume marks the entry of a new foreign historian in the field of Italian Risorgimento, a period much neglected, or, unworthily treated, outside of Italy.
Garibaldi and the Thousand (1909).
Garibaldi and the Making of Italy (1911).
The Life of John Bright (1913).
Clio, A Muse and Other Essays (1913).
Scenes From Italy's War (1919).
The Recreations of an Historian (1919).
Lord Grey of the Reform Bill (1920).
British History in the Nineteenth Century, 1782–1901 (1922).
Manin and the Venetian Revolution of 1848 (1923).
History of England (1926; 3rd edition, 1945).
Select Documents for Queen Anne's Reign, Down to the Union with Scotland 1702-7 (ed., 1929)
England Under Queen Anne (3 vols.) (1930–4) His magnum opus in 3 volumes: "Blenheim" (1930), "Ramillies and the Union with Scotland" (1932), "Peace and the Protestant Succession" (1934).
Sir George Otto Trevelyan: A Memoir (1932).
Grey of Fallodon (1937).
The English Revolution, 1688–1689 (1938). Portrays James II as a tyrant whose excesses led directly to the Glorious Revolution, becoming a standard work.
A Shortened History of England (1942).
English Social History: A Survey of Six Centuries: Chaucer to Queen Victoria (1942 US and Canada, 1944 UK). . Published during the darkest days of World War Two, it painted a nostalgic picture of England's glorious past as the beacon of liberty and progress, stirring patriotic feelings and becoming his best selling book, also his last major history book.
Trinity College: An Historical Sketch (1943).
History and the Reader (1945).
An Autobiography and Other Essays (1949).
Carlyle: An Anthology (1953).
A Layman's Love of Letters (1954).
See also
Historiography of the United Kingdom
Liberalism in the United Kingdom
References
Further reading
Adams, Edward. Liberal Epic: The Victorian Practice of History from Gibbon to Churchill (U of Virginia Press, 2011).
Cannadine, David. G. M. Trevelyan: A Life in History, 1998.
Cannadine, David. GM Trevelyan: a historian in tune with his time, and ours (21 July 2012)
Hernon, Joseph M. "The Last Whig Historian and Consensus History: George Macaulay Trevelyan, 1876-1962." American Historical Review 81.1 (1976): 66–97. online
Rowse, A. L. Historians I Have Known. London: Duckworth, 1995, 1–11.
Voakes, Lucy Turner. "The Risorgimento and English literary history, 1867–1911: the liberal heroism of Trevelyan's Garibaldi." Modern Italy 15.4 (2010): 433–450. online
Winkler, Henry R. "George Macaulay Trevelyan" in E. William Helperin, ed., Some 20th-Century Historians (1961) pp 31–56.
External links
Mitchell McNaylor, "G.M. Trevelyan"
The Master of Trinity at Trinity College, Cambridge, Internet website .
1876 births
1962 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Chancellors of Durham University
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English autobiographers
English biographers
English historians
English memoirists
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Royal Society (Statute 12)
Historians of England
Historians of Italy
James Tait Black Memorial Prize recipients
Macaulay family of Lewis
Masters of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of the Order of Merit
Members of the University of Cambridge faculty of history
People educated at Harrow School
People educated at Wixenford School
Social historians
Trevelyan College
Younger sons of baronets
Regius Professors of History (Cambridge)
The spotted barbtail (Premnoplex brunnescens) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The spotted barbtail was described in 1856 from a type specimen collected in Bogota, Colombia. It was previously considered to be the same species as the white-throated barbtail (Premnoplex tatei) of Venezuela, and is now classified as a sister species to that bird. Five subspecies are recognized within P. brunnescens, although they are considerably differentiated genetically, and may constitute separate species. The five subspecies are P. b. brunneicauda, found in Costa Rica and Western Panama; P. b. brunnescens, found in Eastern Panama, the neighboring regions of Western Colombia, and the mountains of Western Venezuela south to Ecuador and Peru; P. b. coloratus, restricted to the Santa Marta Mountains in Northern Colombia; P. b. rostratus, restricted to the coastal mountains of Northern Venezuela; and P. b. stictonotus, found in the Andes from Southern Peru to Western and central Bolivia.
Description
The spotted barbtail ranges from in length, and from 14 to 19 grams in weight. The species does not exhibit sexual dimorphism; males and females are alike. Within its family the spotted barbtail is small and dark, with rich patterning on its underside. The forehead is dark greyish-brown, with spots that are tawny or ochraceous in color. The bird has a narrow supercilium, formed by a series of closely spaced spots above and behind the eye. Similar lines of spots extend down the neck from the supercilium. The crown of the head is also grey brown, with dark-edged feathers, giving the bird a scalloped appearance. The spots on the forehead fade into the crown. The back is dark brown, blackish-edged feathers, similar to but less conspicuous than on the crown. The rump has the same scalloped appearance, and has a slight chestnut hue.
The uppertail coverts are chestnut-brown in color, while the wings are largely dark brown. The primary coverts are darker than the rest of the wing, while the other coverts have darker centers. The central feathers of the tail are somewhat stiffened. The tips of all the tail feathers lack barbs, giving the tail a "spiny" appearance. The bird's throat is also tawny in color, with brownish edging to the feathers. Birds within the subspecies albescens have a paler whitish throat. The belly and breast of the bird are dull brown with elongated spots that are tawny in color and outlined in dark brown. The spots are the largest on the breast, becoming smaller and less visible approaching the vent, while they fade into streaking on the flanks. The undertail coverts are also dull brown with a faint spots. The upper mandible of the bird's beak is black or dark brown, while the lower mandible varies between greyish-pink to horn-colored, and occasionally has a darker tip. The iris is black. The spotted barbtail is similar in appearance to the white-throated barbtail, but is distinguished by having spots that are tawny rather than white, smaller and less dense spots on its breast, and a shallower beak.
Feeding
The spotted barbtail has been reported to feed on beetles, various hymenopteran insects, cockroach eggs, and spiders. The foraging behavior of the species seems to vary regionally; it has been reported as feeding alone, as feeding in pairs or family groups, and in mixed-species flocks. The spotted barbtail feeds in the forest understorey, though it may infrequently venture higher up some trees. It may be seen climbing along branches, including very thin ones. It often uses its tail for support, and sometimes may be seen hanging upside-down, or hanging on the underside of a branch. It is a gleaner, searching for food on mossy sections of trees, crevices in tree bark, and among epiphytes.
Reproduction
The spotted barbtail is thought to be a monogamous species. It has been observed to breed largely from March to June in the Central American parts of its range, while in the Andes, eggs have been observed in March and June, and nestlings in April. Two eggs are laid at a time; the eggs are completely white, and are approximately long by wide, making them disproportionately large relative to the bird itself. They are usually incubated for 27 days. Nestlings are looked after for approximately three weeks. Both sexes participate in parental care. The nest of the species is described as a "massive ball" made of lichen, liverworts, and moss, along with tiny roots, that is approximately in diameter. The ball has a tube-like entrance at its base, with a short tunnel leading to a central space across that is lined with fibres and moss. The nest is usually placed in a shaded area close to a stream, and is built in a crevice in a tree or rock, or hanging under a branch or fallen log. It is usually within a couple of meters of the ground.
Habitat and distribution
The spotted barbtail is found in evergreen montane forest : in the Talamancan montane forests and throughout the northern Andes. It exhibits a preference for areas with moss and epiphytes. In Central America it occurs between above sea level, whereas in the Andes it is found from , extending occasionally up to , and down to in the Western Andes. It is common across its distribution, and has been found in fragmented as well as intact habitat. It is not considered threatened globally. It is a sedentary species.
References
Further reading
spotted barbtail
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
Birds of the Northern Andes
spotted barbtail
spotted barbtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Archips machlopis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is widely distributed in southern Asia (including Pakistan, Nepal, China, India, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Indonesia: Sumatra, Java).
The wingspan is 16–20 mm for males and 18–22 mm for females. The forewing ground colour is brown-cream, although the tornal area is pale. The markings are brown. The hindwings are greyish brown with a yellow apical area. In Malaysia, adults are on wing from July to November, in Indonesia the flight time is February and March, and from July to September.
The larvae feed on Medicago, Gloriosa superba, Cedrela toonica, Rumex, Citrus, Salix, Litchi and Camellia sinensis. They usually roll or tie the leaves of their host plant, but may also be found in shoots or seedpods.
References
Moths described in 1912
Archips
Moths of Asia
Jarosławiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 520.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Paweł Czoska (born 31 August 1990 in Wejherowo) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Wejherowo
Sportspeople from Pomeranian Voivodeship
Polish footballers
Association football midfielders
Poland under-21 international footballers
Arka Gdynia players
Olimpia Elbląg players
Warta Poznań players
Radomiak Radom players
Gryf Wejherowo players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
IV liga players
Lists of medical abbreviations
Irish Ridge is a ridge located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Verona in Oneida County, northwest of Oneida.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The Delta L, Thor-Delta L, or Thrust-Augmented Long Tank Thor-Delta was a US expendable launch system used to launch the Pioneer E and TETR satellites in 1969 (failed) and HEOS satellite in 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The Delta L was a three-stage rocket. The first stage was a Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, augmented by three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters. The second stage was the Delta E. An FW-1D solid rocket motor was used as the third stage.
The first launch of the Delta L took place on 27 August 1969, from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. A defective valve caused plumbing in the hydraulics system to rupture and leak fluid, causing first-stage engine gimbaling to fail around minutes into launch. The stage completed its burn successfully, but threw the second stage far off course. Orbital velocity could not be achieved, and Range Safety sent the destruct command at T+383 seconds. Neither the Pioneer E nor the TETR payloads achieved orbit. The second, and final, Delta L launch was from Space Launch Complex 2E at the Vandenberg Air Force Base, on 31 January 1972. It successfully placed the HEOS-2 satellite into a highly elliptical orbit.
References
Delta (rocket family)
Dwr-y-Felin Comprehensive School (Welsh: Ysgol Gyfun Dŵr-y-Felin) is a comprehensive school in the Cwrt Herbert community of the town of Neath in South Wales, Wales. The school badge shows a watermill and mill stream in reference to the school name, in English 'water of the mill' or 'mill stream'. The badge also uses the acronym DCS to represent Dwr-y-Felin Comprehensive School.
Admissions
The school is co-educational, for pupils aged 11–16. As a comprehensive school, there is no admission criteria beyond residence in the local 'catchment' area,
It is situated on Dwr-y-Felin Road, off the A474 next to Neath Port Talbot College (former Neath College before 1996) and close to the former Nidum Roman fort.
History
Former schools
The school can trace its origin back to 1894 when following the Welsh Intermediate Education Act 1889 an Intermediate and Technical School for 200 scholars was established to serve the population of Neath. The names Neath Boys Grammar School and Neath Girls Grammar School were adopted following the post-WWII introduction of the tri-partite education system. Prior to that the schools had the name 'county school' as they were administered by the local (county) authority; "Neath County School" can still be seen over the old staff entrance to the school. In 1953, also under the tri-partite education system, Rhydhir Secondary Modern School was established.
Neath Boys Grammar School was noted for producing many well-known rugby players and for its music (in particular an orchestra composed of now very successful and notable musicians). Neath Girls' Grammar School was also notable for its music and the achievements of its alumnae. The grammar school motto was Gorau Arf, Arf Dysg ('The best weapon is the weapon of learning')
Comprehensive
The school opened its doors for the first time in September 1973 following the ending of grammar school education in the Neath area. The Upper School was housed on Dwr-y-Felin Road in the buildings of the former Neath Grammar School adjacent to Neath Port Talbot College, while the Lower School was situated on the campus of the former Rhydhir Secondary Modern school in Longford, Neath Abbey. Since a site amalgamation which took place on 6 September 2012, all school facilities are located at the former Upper School, with an extra building having been constructed at a cost of 9.7 million pounds.
Headteachers
The inaugural Headteacher was Dr R.J. Graham, previously the Headteacher of Neath Grammar School for Boys. Mai Edwards (1926-2017), the Headmistress of Neath Girls' Grammar School became Headteacher of the new Cefn Saeson Comprehensive School. Dr Graham left circa 1987–89. Dr D. Stokes was the Headteacher of Dwr y Felin Comprehensive School from the mid 1980s until August 2002.
Mr N. Stacey was appointed Headteacher in September 2002. 2012 brought a new Head Teacher to Dwr-y-Felin as Mr. Stacey made his sad departure, when Mrs S.E. Handley, a previous history teacher and assistant head took over the role until August 2019. In September 2019 Deputy Headteacher Mrs P.J. Peet was appointed Headteacher as Mrs. Handley retired.
Notable former pupils
Neath Boys Grammar School
Gordon Back, musician
John Bevan, Wales international rugby player and coach
Kevin Bowring, rugby player and Wales international coach
Cynog Dafis, Plaid Cymru MP from 1992 to 2000 for Ceredigion (Ceredigion and Pembroke North from 1992 to 1997)
Dennis Gethin former President Welsh Rugby Union
Arthur Hickman, Wales international rugby player, later league professional
Wynne Hooper, professional footballer with Newport County
T. G. H. James, Egyptologist, Editor from 1960 to 1970 of the Journal of Egyptian Archaeology
Roy John, Wales internationsal soccer player
Tony Lewis, England and Glamorgan cricket captain, writer and broadcaster, chairman of Wales Tourist Board, chairman of Welsh National Opera
Clive Leyman, chief aerodynamicist (with Jean Rech) of Concorde
Courtney Meredith, Wales international rugby player
Clive Norling, international rugby union referee
Harry Parr-Davies, songwriter and composer
Brian Idris Rees surgeon, High Sheriff of South Glamorgan and Wales international rugby player
David (Dai) Richards, Wales international rugby player
Michael Roberts, Conservative MP from 1970 to 1974 for Cardiff North, and from 1974 to 1983 for Cardiff North West
Oliver Sims, computer scientist
David Shufflebotham, cricketer
Brian Thomas, Cambridge Rugby Blue (Christ's) and Wales international rugby player
Gwyn Thomas, cricketer
Andrew Vicari, artist
Cyril Walters, England test cricketer and captain
Neath Girls Grammar School
Della Jones, mezzo-soprano, sang Rule, Britannia! at the 1993 Last Night of the Proms (with John Tomlinson)
Melveena McKendrick (née Jones), Professor of Spanish Golden-Age Literature, Culture and Society from 1999 to 2008, and married to Neil McKendrick
Dwr-y-Felin Comprehensive School
Chris Bromham, stuntman
Katherine Jenkins – international opera singer
Paul James - Wales international rugby player, Ospreys
David Melding, Conservative AM for South Wales Central
Craig Mitchell - Wales international rugby player, Ospreys
David Pickering - Wales international rugby player and current chairman Welsh Rugby Union
Jonathan Spratt - Wales international rugby player, Ospreys
Ashley Beck - Wales international rugby player, Ospreys
References
External links
Dwr-y-Felin Comprehensive School's website
News items
Roman dig in playing fields in February 2011
Secondary schools in Neath Port Talbot
1973 establishments in Wales
Educational institutions established in 1973
Neath
Dickinson County (county code DK) is a county in Central Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 18,402. Its county seat and most populous city is Abilene. The county was named in honor of Daniel S. Dickinson.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
In 1857, Dickinson County was founded.
The first railroad in Dickinson County was built through that territory in 1866.
In 1887, Mr. Herington got the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway to build through Herington. He gave the land and right-of-way for Herington to become a division point with shops, two round houses, freight house, bridge yards, telegraph office and many other buildings. He furnished the limestone for the freight house, and for a two-story depot that was and later enlarged to .
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a main line from Topeka to Herington. This main line connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway extended its main line from Herington to Pratt. This main line connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this line was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. This line is called the "Golden State Limited".
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a branch line north–south from Herington to Caldwell. This branch line connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. By 1893, this branch line was incrementally built to Fort Worth, Texas. This line is called the "OKT".
The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was foreclosed in 1891 and was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980 and reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad, merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Rock Island".
In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a branch line from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This branch line connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. At some point, the line from Neva to Lost Springs was pulled but the right of way has not been abandoned. This branch line was originally called "Strong City and Superior line" but later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line".
In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Santa Fe".
21st century
In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was constructed north to south through Dickinson County, with much controversy over tax exemption and environmental concerns. A pumping station named Hope was built along the pipeline.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Clay County (north)
Geary County (east)
Morris County (southeast)
Marion County (south)
McPherson County (southwest)
Saline County (west)
Ottawa County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 19,344 people, 7,903 households, and 5,421 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 8,686 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The county's racial makeup was 96.44% White, 0.58% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.82% from other races, and 1.36% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.30% of the population.
There were 7,903 households, of which 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.40% were non-families. 28.10% of households were made up of individuals, and 14.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.70% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 26.30% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 18.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 95.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.60 males.
The county's median household income was $35,975, and the median family income was $43,952. Males had a median income of $30,889 versus $18,526 for females. The per capita income in the county was $17,780. About 5.30% of families and 7.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.70% of those under age 18 and 11.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Dickinson County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Solomon USD 393
Abilene USD 435
Chapman USD 473
Herington USD 487
School district office in neighboring county
Rural Vista USD 481
Communities
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Cities
Abilene
Carlton
Chapman
Enterprise
Herington (partly in Morris County)
Hope
Manchester
Solomon (partly in Saline County)
Woodbine
Unincorporated communities
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Acme
Bonaccord
Buckeye
Dayton
Detroit†
Dillon
Donegal
Elmo
Holland
Industry
Lyona
Manchester
Moonlight
Navarre†
Pearl
Rhinehardt
Shady Brook
Stitt
Stoney
Sutphen
Talmage†
Upland
Townships
Dickinson County is divided into twenty-four townships. The cities of Abilene and Herington are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Points of interest
The Eisenhower Library is in Abilene. In addition to exhibits relating to the life and presidency of the 34th US President, the site is also the location of the tombs of President Eisenhower, First Lady Mamie Eisenhower, and their son who died in infancy.
Notable people
Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower was born in Texas but moved to Abilene at an early age and considered Abilene home. He was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. Prior to that he was a five-star general in the United States Army. During World War II, as Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe; he planned and supervised the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45, from the Western Front. In 1951, he became the first supreme commander of NATO. The Eisenhower Library (see above) is in Abilene.
Joe Engle is a retired U.S. Air Force colonel and a former NASA astronaut. Engle helped to flight test the joint NASA-Air Force X-15 rocket airplane. During testing, Engle earned his USAF astronaut wings, a Distinguished Flying Cross and other awards. He was one of the first astronauts in the Space Shuttle program and flight tested the Space Shuttle Enterprise in 1977. He was commander of the second orbital test flight of the Space Shuttle Columbia in 1981. Engle was born and raised in Chapman.
Several figures from the American Old West spent time in the county. Folk hero James Butler "Wild Bill" Hickok, gunfighter John Wesley Hardin, and dance hall girl/prostitute Libby Thompson all made their mark in Abilene when it was in its wild cattle-town days.
US Army Chaplains John H. Eastwood and Emil Kapaun were stationed at Herington Army Airfield for part of their tour of duty during World War II.
Pop Hollinger pioneered the industry of comic book collecting and also managed to secure several patents. He grew up in Chapman.
See also
List of people from Dickinson County, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickinson County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
County
The Scully Land System in Marion County, Kansas; Homer Socolofsky; Kansas State University; 110 pages; 1944/1947. (includes Dickinson County)
Standard Atlas of Dickinson County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 82 pages; 1921.
Plat Book and Complete Survey of Dickinson County, Kansas; Kenyon Company ; 54 pages; 1909.
Standard Atlas of Dickinson County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 63 pages; 1901.
Portrait and Biographical Record of Dickinson, Saline, McPherson, and Marion Counties, Kansas; Chapman Bros; 614 pages; 1893.
Trails
The National Old Trails Road To Southern California, Part 1 (LA to KC); Automobile Club Of Southern California; 64 pages; 1916. (Download 6.8MB PDF eBook)
External links
County
Dickinson County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Dickinson County Kansas History and Heritage Project
Maps
Dickinson County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1857 establishments in Kansas Territory
Populated places established in 1857
Sani Pass is a mountain pass located in the West of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa on the road between Underberg, KwaZulu-Natal and Mokhotlong, Lesotho.
Route
The route up Sani Pass starts at , and climbs to an altitude of . The steep gravel road has gradients up to 1:3, which can be difficult to drive in bad weather and may be covered with snow and ice in winter. By South African law only 4x4 vehicles are allowed on the road. Several tour operators run guided tours up and down the pass. The pass lies between the border controls of both countries and is approximately 9 km in length. Caution must be exercised and motorists must be alert while navigating the pass as it has claimed many lives. Occasionally the remains of vehicles that did not succeed in navigating the pass's steep gradients and poor traction surfaces can be seen.
Road upgrades
The Sani Pass dirt road will be upgraded in two phases; phase 1 extending for 14 km from the P318 (Sani Pass) turnoff and finishing at the old Good Hope Trading Post, and phase 2 extending from kilometer 14 to kilometer 33, the summit of Sani Pass. Construction work for the first phase commenced in December 2006 and was completed in September 2012.
An economic impact study for phase 2 was compiled in August 2011. and its environmental impact assessment was compiled in October 2011. On 2 July 2013 the South African Department of Environmental Affairs and Tourism approved the execution of phase 2 of the project, with the ultimate objective to re-gravel the final 5 km of the pass. The department also authorized plans to upgrade the storm-water drainage system and retaining walls along the route to reduce sand and gravel erosion.
On 21 May 2014 the South African Environmental Affairs Minister, Edna Molewa, approved the execution of phase 2. Tarring was planned to start within five months following the announcement and would bring the total cost of the project to R887-million. In July 2015 it was stated that phase 2 shall be completed in 2019. As of August 2018 there was no timeline for phase 3.
As of May 2021 the third phase had yet to start, and the finishing of phase 2 was largely, but not entirely complete.
Border regulations
While South African emigration at the bottom of the pass prohibits vehicles deemed unsuitable for the journey, the Lesotho border agents at the summit generally allow vehicles of all types to attempt the descent. The pass is often closed due to adverse weather conditions, especially during winter.
The respective border control stations open at 6:00 and close at 18:00.
The South African/Lesotho border is at the summit of the pass and not at the South African border control point. Sani Pass therefore lies entirely within South Africa.
Television appearances
Perilous Journeys episode, "The Roof of Africa".
Top Gear, Series 23, Episode 2
Extreme Frontiers – South Africa
Gallery
See also
Mountain passes of South Africa
KwaZulu Natal Passes
Hela Hela Pass
Swartberg Pass
References
Lesotho–South Africa border crossings
Mountain passes of KwaZulu-Natal
Mountain passes of South Africa
The Confederation of African Football (CAF) section of the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification saw teams compete for five berths in the final tournament in South Africa. The qualification stage doubled as the qualification stage for the 2010 African Cup of Nations, with fifteen teams qualifying for the finals held in Angola.
In total, 53 nations participated; however, due to the presence of the two tournaments' respective hosts, 52 teams were involved in each competition. South Africa qualified automatically as host for the World Cup, and Angola qualified as host for the African Cup of Nations. Both nevertheless competed in the qualifying phase to attempt to qualify for the other tournament.
This was the first time since 1934 that the hosts would compete in World Cup qualifiers. Angola's situation mirrored that of Egypt in the 2006 World Cup qualifiers in Africa, which doubled as the qualifiers to the 2006 African Cup of Nations hosted by Egypt.
First round
Five knockout ties were originally required, involving the ten lowest ranked African countries (based on FIFA rankings as of July 2007). The actual draw was apparently conducted one day before the format was announced by CAF. The pairings were:
v
v
v
v
v
São Tomé and Príncipe and the Central African Republic both withdrew in early September. As a result, Swaziland and Seychelles (the highest ranked of the ten nations) were no longer required to play in this round, and the teams they were originally matched against, Somalia and Djibouti, were redrawn to play each other instead. The tie between Djibouti and Somalia was played as a one leg tie in Djibouti, as Somalia was not deemed suitable for FIFA matches; the other two ties were played as two leg ties.
|}
Second round
The 48 qualifiers (45 direct entrants plus 3 winners of the first round) were split into 12 groups of 4 in the draw held in Durban, South Africa on 25 November 2007. Teams in each group played a home-and-away round-robin in 2008, with the 12 groups winners and 8 best runners-up advancing to the third round. As not all groups were of equal size after the exclusion of Ethiopia and the withdrawal of Eritrea, when ranking the runners-up, their results against their group's 4th placed team would not be counted.
Seeding
One team from each of the following pots were drawn into each group.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Note: Angola were automatically qualified as hosts of the 2010 African Cup of Nations. However, they were subject to the same rules as other nations for continuation to the next stage of the qualifiers. Failure to advance from this group eliminated them from the qualifiers for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Group 4
Note: South Africa were automatically qualified as hosts of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. However, they were subject to the same rules as other nations for continuation to the next stage of the qualifiers. Failure to advance from this group eliminated them from the qualifiers for the 2010 African Cup of Nations.
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
On 19 March 2007, FIFA announced the immediate suspension of the Malagasy Football Federation (FMF). The suspension was lifted on 19 May 2008.
Group 8
Ethiopia played four matches in this group, before FIFA announced the immediate suspension of the Ethiopian Football Federation (EFF) on 29 July 2008.
On 12 September 2008, FIFA excluded the EFF from the 2010 World Cup qualifiers and the results of their matches were cancelled. While it was not clear if they were also explicitly excluded from the 2010 African Cup of Nations, their failure to complete the remaining fixtures effectively eliminated them from the tournament.
Group 9
Group 10
On 28 March 2008, FIFA announced the immediate suspension of the Chadian Football Federation. The suspension was lifted on 7 May 2008.
Chad was disqualified from the 2010 African Nations Cup qualifiers after failing to show up for their away match against Sudan, despite security guarantees. The match was subsequently rescheduled. Only matches between Mali, Sudan and Congo were taken into account for the qualification of the second round of the preliminaries of the African Cup of Nations. However, Chad was still able to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. This could have led to complications if Chad had advanced to the next round or if Chad's exclusion the now alternate group standings had produced different group winners and impacted on the ranking of the second-placed side.
For African Cup of Nations qualification:
Group 11
Eritrea withdrew from the qualifiers on 25 March 2008 and were not replaced.
Group 12
Rankings of runners-up
Along with the 12 group winners, the 8 highest-ranked runners-up also advanced to the third round. Because not all groups contained an equal number of teams, only results against the first- and third-placed teams in each group counted.
Third round
The 20 remaining sides were split into five groups of four. The draw for the groups took place on 22 October 2008 in Zürich, Switzerland.
The five group winners qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and were joined by the group runners-up and third-placed teams in qualifying for the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations.
Seeding
Teams were seeded based on their FIFA World Rankings in October 2008 (number in parentheses). One team from each of the following pots was drawn into each group.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Qualified teams
The following six teams from CAF qualified for the final tournament.
1 Bold indicates champions for that year. Italic indicates hosts for that year.
Goalscorers
There were 505 goals scored over 202 games, for an average of 2.5 goals per game.
12 goals
Moumouni Dagano
9 goals
Samuel Eto'o
8 goals
Razak Omotoyossi
Frédéric Kanouté
6 goals
Didier Drogba
Dennis Oliech
Chiukepo Msowoya
5 goals
Mohamed Aboutrika
Matthew Amoah
Ismael Bangoura
Pascal Feindouno
Emmanuel Adebayor
4 goals
Shabani Nonda
Emad Motaeb
Amr Zaki
Roguy Méyé
Junior Agogo
Faneva Imà Andriatsima
Seydou Keita
Youssef Safri
Victor Obinna
Ikechukwu Uche
Issam Jemâa
3 goals
Rafik Saifi
Antar Yahia
Karim Ziani
Flávio
Yssouf Koné
Achille Emaná
Jean Makoun
Dady
Lys Mouithys
Zola Matumona
Dieumerci Mbokani
Ahmed Hassan
Hosni Abd Rabo
Prince Tagoe
Sekou Cissé
Bakari Koné
Boubacar Sanogo
Esau Kanyenda
Wilko Risser
Jerson Tegete
Adekamni Olufade
2 goals
Rafik Djebbour
Abdelkader Ghezzal
Mohamed Aoudou
Séïdath Tchomogo
Diphetogo Selolwane
Aristide Bance
Mahamoudou Kéré
Henri Mbazumutima
Claude Nahimana
Albert Meyong
Syriakata Hassan
Hilaire Kedigui
Wilfried Endzanga
Ahmed Eid
Daniel Cousin
Bruno Ecuele Manga
Fabrice Do Marcolino
Bruno Zita Mbanangoyé
Njogu Demba-Nyrén
Mustapha Jarju
Laryea Kingston
Sulley Muntari
Mamadou Bah
Kamil Zayatte
Gervinho
Salomon Kalou
Romaric
Yaya Touré
McDonald Mariga
Olivier Makor
Dioh Williams
Ahmed Saad
Lalaina Nomenjanahary
Rija Rakotomandimby
Moses Chavula
Robert Ng'ambi
Sidi Yaya Keita
Wesley Marquette
Youssouf Hadji
Adel Taarabt
Domingues
Miró
Dário
Tico-Tico
Rudolph Bester
Alhassane Issoufou
Obafemi Martins
Peter Odemwingie
Yakubu
Joseph Yobo
Labama Bokota
Olivier Karekezi
Saïd Makasi
El Hadji Diouf
Philip Zialor
Kewullay Conteh
Kagisho Dikgacoi
Faisal Agab
Muhannad El Tahir
Haytham Tambal
Danny Mrwanda
Moustapha Salifou
Oussama Darragi
Hichem Essifi
Chaouki Ben Saada
Geofrey Massa
Eugene Ssepuuya
Gilbert Mushangazhike
1 goal
Nadir Belhadj
Madjid Bougherra
Karim Matmour
Gilberto
Locó
Mantorras
António Mendonça
Job
Yamba Asha
Zé Kalanga
Khaled Adénon
Jocelyn Ahoueya
Romuald Boco
Stéphane Sessègnon
Oumar Tchomogo
Boitumelo Mafoko
Habib Bamogo
Charles Kaboré
Issouf Ouattara
Jonathan Pitroipa
Alain Traoré
Selemani Ndikumana
André Bikey
Gustave Bebbe
Geremi
Rigobert Song
Somen Tchoyi
Pierre Webó
Babanco
Lito
José Semedo
Marco Soares
Léger Djimrangar
Marius Mbaiam
Misdongarde Betolngar
Ibor Bakar
Daoud Midtadi
Gervais Batota
Franchel Ibara
Hérita Ilunga
Lomana LuaLua
Trésor Mputu
Tsholola Tshinyama
Ahmed Daher
Yassin Hussein
Moussa Hirir
Rodolfo Bodipo
Juan Ramón Epitié
Juvenal
Ronan
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
Moïse Brou Apanga
Éric Mouloungui
Stéphane N'Guéma
Ousman Jallow
Aziz Corr Nyang
Anthony Annan
Stephen Appiah
Kwadwo Asamoah
Michael Essien
Sambégou Bangoura
Oumar Kalabane
Kanga Akalé
Kader Keïta
Siaka Tiéné
Didier Zokora
Mohammed Jamal
Austin Makacha
Francis Ouma
Julius Owino
Allan Wanga
Sello Muso
Lehlohonolo Seema
Omar Daoud
Younes Shibani
Hesham Shaban
Osama Al Fazzani
Guy Hubert Mamihasindrahona
Praxis Rabemananjara
Hubert Robson
Jean Tsaralaza
Elvis Kafoteka
Joseph Kamwendo
Jacob Ngwira
Atusaye Nyondo
Noel Mkandawire
Adama Coulibaly
Soumaila Coulibaly
Mamadou Diallo
Lassane Fané
Modibo Maïga
Tenema N'Diaye
Mamadou Samassa
Andy Sophie
Dominique Da Silva
Ahmed Teguedi
Abdessalam Benjelloun
Mounir El Hamdaoui
Houssine Kharja
Tarik Sektioui
Nabil El Zhar
Merouane Zemmama
Carlitos
Genito
Costa Khaiseb
Paulus Shipanga
Ismaël Alassane
Kamilou Daouda
Malam Moussa
Michael Eneramo
Obinna Nwaneri
Christian Obodo
Chidi Odiah
Bobo Bola
Patrick Mafisango
Henri Camara
Issiar Dia
Ibrahima Faye
Cheikh Gueye
Kader Mangane
Ibrahima Sonko
Modou Sougou
Don Annacoura
Bernard St. Agne
Mohamed Kallon
Sheriff Suma
Thembinkosi Fanteni
Surprise Moriri
Siphiwe Tshabalala
Ahmed Aadil
Saif Eldin Ali Idris Farah
Hassan Korongo
Mudather El Tahir
Ala'a Eldin Yousif
Siza Dlamini
Collen Salelwako
Athuman Idd
Nizar Khalfan
Khalfan Ngassa
Kigi Makasi
Floyd Ayité
Tijani Belaïd
Saber Ben Frej
Radhi Jaïdi
Ammar Jemal
Fahid Ben Khalfallah
Yassin Mikari
Nabil Taïder
Wissem Ben Yahia
Andrew Mwesigwa
David Obua
Ibrahim Sekagya
Dan Wagaluka
Rainford Kalaba
Francis Kasonde
Christopher Katongo
Felix Katongo
Cuthbert Malajila
Esrom Nyandoro
1 own goal
Saïdou Panandétiguiri (for the Ivory Coast)
Mamadou Tall (for the Ivory Coast)
Said Riyad (for Egypt)
Bruno Ecuele Manga (for Libya)
Amin Erbati (for Gabon)
Pascal Anicet (for Benin)
Kassaly Daouda (for Angola)
Joseph Yobo (for Sierra Leone)
Cheikh Gueye (for Algeria)
References
External links
African zone at FIFA.com
CAF
FIFA World Cup qualification (CAF)
Africa Cup of Nations qualification
Qualification (Caf), 2010
Mikhran (, also Romanized as Mīkhrān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 697, in 163 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Martin Benrath (9 November 1926 – 31 January 2000) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 60 films between 1954 and 2000.
Partial filmography
(1954), as Michael Godeysen
The Angel with the Flaming Sword (1954), as Jürgen Marein
A Thousand Melodies (1956), as Martin Hoff
Melody of the Heath (1956), as Ulrich Haagen
Court Martial (1959), as Funk-Offizier Maiers
The Ideal Woman (1959), as Axel Jungk
Morituri (1965), as Kruse
Eintausend Milliarden (1974)
(1975), as Lukas Berlinger
The Buddenbrooks (1979, TV miniseries), as Johann Jr.
Put on Ice (1980), as V-Mann Körner
From the Life of the Marionettes (1980), as Professor Mogens Jensen
Die Weiße Rose (1982), as Prof. Kurt Huber
Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie (1986, TV miniseries), as Bankier Bernheim
Success (1991), as Dr. Otto Klenk
Death Came As a Friend (1991, TV film), as Gerhard Selb
Schtonk! (1992), as Uwe Esser
Stalingrad (1993), as General Hentz
(1993), as Herr Theilhaber
(1996), as Thomas Mann
Widows (1998), as Charles Bernsdorf
Campus (1998), as Von Zittkau
Alle für die Mafia (1998)
(1998, TV miniseries), as Grandfather
Beresina, or the Last Days of Switzerland (1999), as Alt-Divisionär Sturzenegger
References
External links
1926 births
2000 deaths
German male film actors
German male television actors
Deaths from cancer in Germany
Male actors from Berlin
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Members of the Academy of Arts, Berlin
20th-century German male actors
Moshe Hirschbein (var. Hirszbein, Hirszbain, Hirszbajn) (1894 – 1940) was a Polish chess master.
Born into a Jewish family, he lived in Łódź, playing in many local tournaments. In 1912, he took 7th (Efim Bogoljubow won), twice took 4th (Quadrangular) in 1913 and 1916/17 (both won by Gersz Salwe, and won a match against Samuel Factor (+4 –2 =4) in 1917. After World War I, he won (Quadrangular) in 1920/21, took 3rd in 1925, and tied for 14-15th in the 2nd Polish Chess Championship, Akiba Rubinstein won) in 1927.
He died during World War II in the Lodz Ghetto.
References
1940 deaths
Jewish chess players
Polish chess players
Sportspeople from Łódź
People who died in the Łódź Ghetto
Polish civilians killed in World War II
1894 births
20th-century chess players
Mendipathar railway station is a railway station located in Resubelpara Municipal Board Jurisdiction, Meghalaya, India.
History
Government has considered the technical feasibility of linking Shillong and Gauhati by monorail or narrow-gauge surface railway track as suggested by Mr. George Gilfellon for improved communication between these two places. The note drawn out by Mr. Gilfellon was incomplete as no cogent reasons nor any figures of cost had been given. Besides, even in foreign countries, monorail is being developed mainly for urban and suburban traffic and is not intended for cross-country traffic. Therefore, the question of its adoption in the hilly area to link Shillong and Gauhati does not arise. There is no proposal, at present, to link Gauhati ■with Shillong by a narrow gauge line.
A line between Dudhnoi and Depa, Meghalaya through Dudhnoi river valley was proposed in rail budget 1992–93. Later alignment was changed to Dudhnoi–Mendipathar in 2007 due to opposition of local people. Due to late handling of land to railways in Assam and Meghalaya, the work was slow up to 2013. Acquisition of land was completed by March 2013.
Current status
It currently is the first and only railway station in Meghalaya, a hilly state. The train station was inaugurated by the prime minister of India, Narendra Modi, on 30 November 2014, through a video feed to the ceremony gathering at Mendipathar. Mendipathar–Guwahati Passenger is the only train from the station.
The second rail project for Meghalaya, Teteliya–Byrnihat line, 22 km long, from Guwahati's suburb Tetelia to Byrnihat near Shillon in Meghalaya is likely to be completed by March 2022. From Byrnihat it will be extended further to Shillong in future. Construction was delayed after a 2017 protest in Ronghana.
References
External links
MNDP/Mendi Pathar
55682/Agartala - Udaipur Tripura Passenger
55681/Udaipur (Tripura) - Agartala Passenger
Rangiya railway division
Mendipathar
António Nunes Ribeiro Sanches (7 March 1699, – 14 October 1783) was an 18th-century Portuguese physician, philosopher and encyclopédiste. He was a cristão novo of Jewish descent, probably a practising Jew.
After he studied in the universities of Coimbra and Salamanca, Sanches moved to London. He then went to Leyden University where he completed his formation under the direction of Herman Boerhaave. He was among the three physicians that empress Anna of Russia asked the latter to recommend to her in 1731.
Appointed doctor of the Russian army, he distinguished himself before becoming a court physician. After more than 15 years of stay in Russia, he left the country in 1748 after empress Elizabeth Petrowna had denounced two of his doctor colleagues as Jews. Having had the chance, amid the daily proscriptions which he witnessed to be allowed to leave the country, he took the way to Paris in 1748 where he ended his life. After she ascended to the throne, Catherine the Great rewarded him for his services with a pension of 1000 rubles, which was punctually paid until his death.
His extensive library was by the empress.
He gave the article "" ("smallpox") to the Encyclopédie by Diderot and D'Alembert.
He was the first to acquaint western physicians with the effects of Russian steam baths.
Works
1726: Discurso Sobre as Águas de Penha Garcia.
1751: A Dissertation on the Venereal Disease.
1752: Dissertation sur le origine de la maladie vénérienne, Paris
1756: Tratado da Conservação da Saúde dos Povos.
1760: Cartas sobre a Educação da Mocidade.
1763: Método para Aprender e Estudar a Medicina.
1771: Les bains des vapeurs russe
1774: Examen historique sur l´apparition de la maladie vénérienne (Paris)
1779: Mémoire sur les Bains de Vapeur en Russie..
Bibliography
Georges Dulac, Science et politique : les réseaux du Dr António Ribeiro Sanches, Cahiers du Monde russe (ISSN 1252-6576), 2002, 43/2-3, (p. 251–274) (Read online).
Hugh James Rose, A New General Biographical Dictionary, t. 11, Londres, B. Fellowes, 1857, (p. 443).
José Luis Doria: Antonio Ribeiro Sanches. A Portuguese doctor in 18th century Europe. (PDF; 320 kB) Antonio Ribeiro Sanches, Vesalius, VII, 1, 27 - 35, 2001.
Erwin Ackerknecht: Boerhaave Schüler als Medizinalpolitiker, in Erna Lesky, Adam Wandruszka (Hrsg.) Gerard van Swieten und seine Zeit, Böhlau 1973, (p. 122).
External links
New Christians and Old Christians in Portugal, written by Ribeiro Sanches in 1748
Instituto Camões
João Nabais: Ribeiro Sanches - Tal como Amato um Mèdico do Mundo pdf, 60-73
1699 births
1783 deaths
Portuguese Jews
People from Penamacor
18th-century Portuguese physicians
Portuguese medical writers
University of Salamanca alumni
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Honorary members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Immigrants to the Russian Empire
Jewish scientists of the Russian Empire
Chin Chiu-Yueh (born 1 February 1968) is an archer who represented Chinese Taipei.
Archery
Chin finished 27th at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the women's individual event. She also finished eleventh in the women's team event as part of the Chinese Taipei team as part of the Chinese Taipei team.
She won a silver medal in the freestyle women's individual event at the 1991 World Indoor Archery Championships.
References
External links
Profile on worldarchery.org
1968 births
Living people
Taiwanese female archers
Olympic archers of Taiwan
Archers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
World Archery Championships medalists
Archers at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in archery
Asian Games silver medalists for Chinese Taipei
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Angelo Gregorio (born 11 April 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Franciacorta FC in Serie D.
Career
Early career
Gregorio started his career in A.C. Cesena. He was the member of reserve B in 2007–08 season for Berretti reserve league. Reserve A and B merged in 2008–09 season, as Cesena first team was relegated at the end of 2007–08 Serie B, thus the reserve A was no longer eligible to national "spring" league. Gregorio remained in the reserve for 2008–09 season. He followed the under-20 reserve returned to the spring league in 2009–10 season, but only played 13 times.
Gregorio spent 2010–11 Serie D season in Santarcangelo along with Simone Tonelli. He won the Group F champion and promoted to professional league.
Bologna–Cesena swap
On 29 June 2011, one day before the closure of 2010–11 financial year, Cesena formed two swap deals with Bologna F.C. 1909, which Gregorio was transferred to the capital of Emilia along with Kadir Caidi in co-ownership deal for €1 million and €750,000 respectively. At the same time, Giacomo Bassoli and Jacopo Luppi moved to Romagna in the same formula. The deal made the clubs had a financial boost instead of immediate impact on the squad. La Repubblica had criticized Bologna's swap deal with Livorno and Chievo in the same month were exploited to the transfer market to fix the balance sheet.
Lega Pro loans
Gregorio left for Italian fourth division newcomer Santarcangelo in July 2011, along with K.Caidi (both from Bologna/Cesena), G.Bassoli (from Cesena/Bologna), Rivolino Gavoci, Nicola Del Pivo and Daniele Ferri (Cesena only). The club also renewed the loan of former Cesena teammate Simone Tonelli, however now co-owned between Vicenza and Cesena. In June 2012 the ownerships were renewed. Gregorio left for Pontedera in 2012–13 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. In June 2013 both clubs gave up to remain 50% registration rights on their youth products. On 18 July 2013 he was signed by Teramo.
Footnotes
References
External links
Football.it Profiles
Italian footballers
A.C. Cesena players
Santarcangelo Calcio players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
U.S. Città di Pontedera players
S.S. Teramo Calcio players
A.C. Bra players
A.C. Tuttocuoio 1957 San Miniato players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football defenders
1991 births
Living people
Stenella vangueriae is a species of anamorphic fungi.
Description
Belonging to the genus Stenella, this species is a Cercospora-like fungus with a superficial secondary mycelium, solitary conidiophores, conidiogenous cells with thickened and darkened conidiogenous loci and catenate or single conidia with dark, slightly thickened hila.
See also
Stenella stipae
Stenella subsanguinea
Stenella tristaniae
References
Further reading
External links
vangueriae
Fungi described in 1979
Atazanavir/ritonavir (ATV/r) is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication used in the treatment of HIV/AIDS. It combines atazanavir and ritonavir. It may be used instead of lopinavir/ritonavir. It is taken by mouth.
Side effects are generally minimal. They may include abdominal pain, diarrhea, yellowish skin, muscle pains, and headache. Greater care should be taken in people with underlying liver problems. Use in pregnancy appears to be safe. In the combination atazanavir functions as a protease inhibitor and ritonavir functions to increase levels of atazanavir.
The combination was approved for use in India in 2012, and is pending approval in the United States . It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
References
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
HIV protease inhibitors
Coco is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. The album was released on July 17, 2007 in the United States, debuting at number five on the US Billboard 200, selling 51,000 copies in its first week. It also became Caillat's best-selling album to date, selling 2,100,000 copies in the United States and over 3,000,000 copies around the world. Caillat supported the album with the Coco World Tour, as well as four singles. The lead single "Bubbly" was a huge international hit, while the following two singles "Realize" and "The Little Things" were minor hits. The final single, titled "Somethin' Special", was released on July 29, 2008 to support the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. It was later mixed and titled "Somethin' Special (Beijing Olympic Mix)" and was also the opening song for the 2009 film Bride Wars.
Background and recording
Caillat met producer Mikal Blue, who hired her to sing on techno songs used at fashion shows. Caillat began playing the acoustic guitar at the age of 19 and Blue helped her record her first song. She auditioned for American Idol but was rejected at the pre-audition stage and was unable to sing for the judges. The second time she auditioned for the show, she sang her own original song "Bubbly" and was rejected once again. However, Caillat expressed gratitude at the judges' decision, saying "I was shy. I was nervous. I didn't look the greatest. I wasn't ready for it yet. I was glad, when I auditioned, that they said no." The popularity of Caillat's MySpace profile led her to become the number-one unsigned singer in her genre for four consecutive months. Her father also produced her demo songs, and was involved in production of later albums. Coco was produced by Mikal Blue, with additional production by Caillat, her father Ken Caillat and Jason Reeves.
Title and artwork
The album was titled "Coco" because Coco was Caillat's nickname given to her when she was a young child. The album's artwork was a still from Caillat's music video for the album's lead single "Bubbly", released on May 15, 2007. There are differences between the artwork for the standard and deluxe editions. The standard artwork shows the photo with a brown frame, while the deluxe artwork shows the photo without the frame but with blue waves and the words "DELUXE EDITION" on top. Also, a little yellow flower drawn next to the album title wasn't shown on the deluxe artwork.
Release and promotion
Coco was released on July 10, 2007 in Australia and Asia and a week later in North America. Its deluxe edition was released on September 3, 2008 in Japan and November 11, 2008 worldwide. The album was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA with shipments to U.S. retailers of 2,000,000 units. The album's first single, a smash hit, was "Bubbly", followed by a second single, "Realize", and the third, "The Little Things", which became the final single from the album in the United States. The deluxe edition song, "Somethin' Special (Beijing Olympic Mix)", was released as a fourth single on July 29, to give support to the American athletes participating in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The song also appeared on the AT&T Team USA Soundtrack.
According to one of the pictures on Caillat's MySpace page, it was assumed that her song "Battle" would have been the fourth and final single from Coco. Because of her collaboration with Jason Mraz, "Lucky", being released as a single and with the release of her second album, it is assumed that the single and music video were canceled and all promotion was then focused on "Lucky" and her second album Breakthrough.
Coco was also promoted with two tours: Coco Summer Tour in 2007 and Coco World Tour in 2008.
Singles
"Bubbly" was released as the lead single from the album on May 15, 2007 in the United States. It remains Caillat's biggest hit in the US to date, and her only single to reach the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100. The single's music video, directed by Liz Friedlander, aired on MTV, VH1 and CMT. A still from the music video was used as the cover for the album. The video/single was also featured in the hit PlayStation 2 karaoke game SingStar Pop Vol 2 released in late September 2008 in the United States. It was also featured in SingStar Hottest Hits in PAL regions;
"Realize" was officially released in January 2008 as the second single from the album, peaking at number 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming her second Top 20 hit in the U.S. The song is musically similar to "Bubbly", as it is an acoustic folk-pop song, where Caillat sings of having feelings for a best friend. Caillat and her backup band performed "Realize" as the featured musical performance that closed the May 23, 2008 broadcast of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno;
"The Little Things" was released as the third single in Germany on March 7, 2008 and in the United States in October 2008. The single did not chart well in the US, and was her weakest charting single from the album, peaking at number seven on US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100. In 2008, she recorded a French translated version of this song;
"Somethin' Special" was released as the fourth and final single from the album on July 29, 2008. The song was included only in the deluxe edition. It was released to give support to the American athletes participating in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The song also was included on the AT&T Team USA Soundtrack. This was also the opening song of the 2009 film Bride Wars.
Critical reception
Critical reviews of the album were mixed. AllMusic said "she sings about simple, everyday things in an unassuming manner, letting her melodies and girl-next-door charm carry the day". Chuck Arnold (of People magazine) said that "although the midtempo tracks start to blend together, this California girl keeps the sun-kissed sounds coming." Caryn Ganz (with Rolling Stone) said Caillat has "soulful swing, but over a dozen bland, sunny tunes, it's hard to pin her down."
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Official website
2007 debut albums
Albums produced by Ken Caillat
Colbie Caillat albums
Universal Republic Records albums
Albums produced by Mikal Blue
Yasuaki (written: 保昭, 泰秋, 泰明, 靖晃, 康明, 康晃, 安明, 慈明, 賢明 or 泰彰) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese mathematician
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese actor
, Japanese volleyball player
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese composer and saxophonist
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese professional baseball player
Japanese masculine given names
Elvar Örn Jónsson (born 31 August 1997) is an Icelandic handball player for Skjern Håndbold and the Icelandic national team.
He represented Iceland at the 2019 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
Skjern profile
1997 births
Living people
Elvar Örn Jónsson
UMF Selfoss handball players
Expatriate handball players
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Ethel Jacks is a former Ghanaian professional tennis player who won three consecutive women's singles titles (1964, 1968, 1974) and three women's doubles titles (1964, 1968, 1976) at the African Table Tennis Championships. This feat earned her the nickname, Queen of African table tennis. She also competed at the 1961 World Championships.
Born in Accra, Ghana , she represented her father's birth country at the 1976 African Championships.
Awards
In April 2019, Ethel was awarded by Africa Table Tennis during the ITTF African, Youth, Junior and Cadet Championship held in Ghana for her contribution to the sports from the 1960s through 1970's.
References
Living people
1940s births
Ghanaian female table tennis players
Ujście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Washington-Erving Motorsports is a defunct American stock car racing team. It was owned by former NFL running back Joe Washington and former NBA player Julius Erving. Washington and Erving fielded cars in the NASCAR Busch Series (now Xfinity Series) from 1998 to 2000.
Founding
Washington first piqued his interest in NASCAR by attending the 1997 Daytona 500. He then convinced Erving to come on board, and they formed a team in the summer of 1997. The feelings were split about the new team, which at one time planned to field Winston Cup cars for Rich Bickle. Owner-driver Geoff Bodine was against the team, but others, like Washington's former coach Joe Gibbs and owner-driver Ricky Rudd were in support of the team. The team was only the third fully minority owned team, after Wendell Scott owned his own team and Thee Dixon owned Mansion Motorsports. Before the 1998 season started, the team secured number 50 in honor of that anniversary of Jackie Robinson breaking baseball's color barrier. WEM hired the first female team president in NASCAR, Kathy Thompson.
Busch Series
Car No. 50 History
In 1998, the team failed to qualify for the first two races of the season with Jimmy Foster. Foster managed to qualify for four of the next five races, plus the Milwaukee race. The team then rotated through nine more drivers. Andy Houston, Dennis Setzer, Jimmy Kitchens, Nathan Buttke, and Joe Buford each made one start. Stanton Barrett made two starts for the team, while Jeff Green and Mike Wallace made three apiece. Dave Rezendes made five starts for the team. The team recorded no wins, top five or top ten finishes during that season.
In 1999, Mark Green drove the entire schedule for the team. He failed to qualify for two races. Green failed to finish seven races, two due to crashes and five due to mechanical mishaps. He recorded one top ten finish, a tenth at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Green and the team parted ways after the 1999 season.
In 2000, the team started out with plans to run the entire season with Tony Roper. However, the team disbanded after Dr Pepper pulled its sponsorship after Roper qualified for only three of the first twelve races.
References
Defunct NASCAR teams
1997 establishments in North Carolina
2000 disestablishments in North Carolina
Desmarais is a French surname, associated especially but not exclusively with a powerful business and political family in Canada and United States. Notable people with the surname include:
André Desmarais (born 1956), Canadian businessman
Charles Desmarais, president of the San Francisco Art Institute
France Chrétien Desmarais, Canadian lawyer and businesswoman, daughter of Jean Chrétien and wife of André Desmarais
François-Séraphin Régnier-Desmarais (1632–1713), French ecclesiastic, grammarian, diplomat and poet
Hélène Desmarais (born 1955), Canadian businesswoman, spouse of Paul Desmarais Jr.
James Desmarais (born 1979), Canadian professional ice hockey player
Jean Noël Desmarais (1924–1995), Canadian physician, radiologist, and politician and brother of Louis Desmarais
Lorraine Desmarais (born 1956), Canadian jazz pianist and composer
Louis Desmarais (born 1923), member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1979-1984
Louis-Élie Desmarais, partner in 19th century Canadian photography studio Desmarais et Cie
Ludger Desmarais, professional ice hockey player from 1926–1939
Marcel-Marie Desmarais (1908–1994), Quebec writer, preacher and broadcaster
Odilon Desmarais (1854–1904), Quebec lawyer, judge and politician
Ovide E. Desmarais (1919–1998), American author of books and detective stories
Ovila Desmarais, partner in 19th century Canadian photography studio Desmarais et Cie
Paul Desmarais (1927–2013), Canadian billionaire and CEO of the Power Corporation of Canada
Paul Desmarais Jr. (born 1954), Canadian businessman, son of Paul Desmarais, and chairman of Power Corporation of Canada
Pierre DesMarais, Canadian politician and Chairman of Montreal's Executive Committee 1954-1957
See also
Marais (disambiguation)
French-language surnames
Changaz (, also Romanized as Changāz) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 549, in 142 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ronald Stewart Tudor MBE (18 May 1924 – 21 August 2020) was an Australian music producer, engineer, label owner and record industry executive. He started his career with W&G Records in 1956 as a sales representative; he became their in-house producer and A&R agent before leaving in 1966.
Tudor briefly joined Astor Records as their promotions manager until 1968 when he created his own production company, June Productions. He followed with his own record label, Fable Records, late in 1969 and continued as its CEO until he sold the company in July 1984. In June 1979 Tudor was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire, "For service to the recording industry".
At the APRA Music Awards of 1996 he received the Ted Albert Award for Outstanding Services to Australian Music. At the ARIA Music Awards of 1999 he received a Special Achievement Award, which was shared with Bill Armstrong of Armstrong Studios.
Early life
Ronald Stewart Tudor was born on 18 May 1924 in Toora, Victoria, a rural town in a dairy farming district. He was one of ten children. During World War II he enlisted in the Australian Army in February 1943 and was discharged in May 1946 with the rank of gunner.
Career
Tudor became a sales representative for W&G Records in 1956. As the label's A&R and in-house producer he signed and recorded early material for Ernie Sigley, "Love Is a Golden Ring" (1957); Diana Trask, "Going Steady" (1958); and the Seekers, Introducing the Seekers (1963). He recorded an instrumental track, "Wild Weekend" (February 1961), by rock-and-rollers the Thunderbirds after they had been recommended by a local radio DJ, Stan Rofe.
Tudor later recalled, "We had a very good relationship with [Rofe] at 3KZ. He was a wonderful supporter of us and he always said, 'It's about time someone got into local talent'." Australian musicologist Ian McFarlane said that it was "one of the most successful Australian instrumental singles of all-time" alongside the Atlantics' "Bombora". Tudor produced further work by the Thunderbirds and used them to back other artists on their recordings.
Another recommendation from Rofe was Johnny Chester, who had already worked with the Thunderbirds. They provided backing on Chester's debut single, "Hokey Pokey" (May 1961). Tudor continued with W&G until 1966 when he joined rival label Astor Records as a promotions manager. For recordings he used Armstrong Studios founded by Bill Armstrong (manager at W&G Records) in 1965. He continued with that label until 1968 when he started his own company, June Productions.
Fable Records
Tudor had established an independent record label, Fable Records, in late 1969 with an official launch the following April. During 1969 Tudor had appeared on a TV talent quest, New Faces, as a judge. He signed both the finals winner, John Williamson, and second place getter, Liv Maessen, to Fable. Maessen's second single was a cover version of Mary Hopkin's "Knock, Knock Who's There?" (April 1970), which peaked at No. 2 on the Go-Set National Top 60 Singles Chart in August. Williamson's debut single, "Old Man Emu" (May 1970), peaked at No. 3 in September.
From May to December 1970 the Australian music industry was embroiled in a "pay per play" dispute, 1970 radio ban, which hampered the airplay of both local artists and United Kingdom artists on major labels. Under the ban Hopkins' version of "Knock, Knock Who's There?" was not aired on commercial radio, whereas Maessen's version was. Go-Sets chart compiler, Ed Nimmervoll, acknowledged both artists on their National Top 60, which was given as "Mary Hopkins/Liv Maesson". Due to the radio ban Fable Records had further charted success with the Mixtures' cover version of "In the Summertime", originally by UK group Mungo Jerry, which reached No. 1 in August for nine weeks.
Melbourne band Jigsaw (Chester's sometime backing band) on Fable Records and Sydney band Autumn on Chart Records both had success with their respective versions of UK group Christie's hit song "Yellow River". "Yellow River" displaced "In the Summertime" at No. 1 in late October. For a short period, the ban had the inadvertent effect of putting more local musicians to air than ever before and also opened the door to the underground artists on previously minor labels such as Fable Records.
In the following year Tudor organised for a studio band, Drummond – essentially members of an Adelaide-formed group, Allison Gros – to record a novelty version of "Daddy Cool" (July 1971), originally by US 1950s group the Rays. According to McFarlane, "[Drummond]'s gimmicky trademark was to utilise chipmunk voices mixed in with normal vocal sounds." It displaced "Eagle Rock" by local band Daddy Cool from the number-one spot in September. "Daddy Cool" held the top spot for eight weeks and stayed in the charts for 22 weeks. In that time Allison Gros had changed their name to Mississippi, while Tudor used the Drummond name for studio musicians, which issued two further singles.
Bootleg Records
Tudor founded Fable's sub-label, Bootleg Records, in late 1971 in partnership with Brian Cadd – previously a member of the Groop (1964–69) and Axiom (1969–71) – as inhouse producer and A&R agent. Cadd started his solo career and also formed a studio ensemble, the Bootleg Family Band (1972–75), to back his solo and other artists' work via the Bootleg label. Bootleg's first hit was Mississippi's "Kings of the World" (January 1972) which reached No. 10. Cadd's debut solo single, "Ginger Man", appeared in August and peaked at No. 16. In June 1979 Tudor was installed as a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire with the citation "For service to the recording industry".
Tudor continued with Fable Records into the early 1980s but later described how "his refusal to take part in the Radio Ban led to Fable being 'blackballed' by the major labels and that his business was effectively strangled [due to] its inability to get records distributed". He sold the label to John McDonald in July 1984. In the following October he joined Armstrong Studios, which was renamed as AAV Studios. Tudor retired form the music industry by the late 1980s.
Publication
In September 1988 Tudor wrote an article for The Sound Engineering Magazine detailing Metropolis Audio's Studio Three, "From an acoustic viewpoint, a lot of the possible problems were eliminated with exhaustive acoustic tests during the latter part of studio construction and equipment installation, wiring..."
Honors, awards, distinctions
In June 1979 Ron Tudor was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire, "For service to the recording industry". At the APRA Music Awards of 1996 he received the Ted Albert Award for Outstanding Services to Australian Music. In 1999 the Australian Recording Industry Association acknowledged Tudor's and Armstrong's work for Australian music by presenting each with a Special Achievement Award.
Personal
Melbourne Observers Ash Long reported in June 2017 that, "Ron Tudor, in his 90s, now lives in the country." Since 2015 he was a resident at an aged care facility in Maldon, Victoria. Ronald Stewart Tudor died on 21 August 2020, aged 96.
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality.
Specific
External links
"Music Makers" interview with Ron Tudor by Al Webb of The Alternative Gig Guide, on 14 June 1979. Reprinted in Toorak Times by Mick Pacolli on 30 December 2011.
"Interview with Ron Tudor by Wendy Stapleton for her show, Wrokdown, on 21 May 2010.
1924 births
2020 deaths
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Australian record producers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Army soldiers
The Kingpins featuring Lorraine Muller - The Queen of Ska was a ska band from Montreal, Quebec that created Stomp Records label with fellow Montreal Ska band The Planet Smashers. The last Kingpins tour took place in 2004, after which the members of the band reformed under the name Lo and the Magnetics founded by Muller in order to reflect the drastic line-up changes (and musical changes) that had taken place since the band's inception in 1994. During their ten-year reign, the band toured extensively in Canada, the U.S., France, Germany, Switzerland, Belgium, Italy, and Japan. They are known for their danceable ska rhythms, and their catchy song-writing abilities in both English and French.
History
The group formed in 1994 by founding members of the Kingpins: Eric 'Boum Boum' Boulanger on drums, Jordan Swift on bass, Ian 'Hot Tub' Hodkinson on organ, and Lorraine Muller on alto saxophone (later given the nickname "The Queen of Ska" by Bobby Beaton, she went on to play tenor and baritone saxes, and eventually became the lead singer.)
The band's first big break came with the release of their first single, "On the Run", written by Hodkinson and Muller which garnered them the 1995 Montreal Independent Music Industry award in the category of Best Single. The single was released with two B-sides, "Spy vs. Spy" (a cover) and "Leave My Girlfriend Alone" (by Nigel Goddard, alto sax). The Montréal ska scene took notice and Kingpins shows attracted increasingly larger crowds. The wave of support was continued with the release of the band's first full-length album Watch Your Back in 1997, but it wasn't until 1999 that they broke out into the mainstream media with the release of their second album Let's Go To Work, a more traditional-based ska album. The success of the second album led to major exposure, such as performances on the Warped Tour, at the Montreal Jazz Festival and extensive touring in Europe.
The third and final album under the Kingpins' name was Plan of Action, released in September 2000. This album represented a major shift in the Kingpins' musical direction. Vocal duties were taken over almost exclusively by Lorraine Muller, one of the band's original members. Before the release of Plan of Action Muller was primarily responsible for playing baritone saxophone and singing vocals on a few songs. The band also experimented with different stylistic fusions, mixing ska with various other musical genres, including new wave and breakbeat. The album also featured guest appearances by many big names in the Canadian ska scene, including Dave "JFK" Adams of JFK & the Conspirators, and Mitch "King Kong" Girio of King Apparatus fame. Though these were drastic changes, the album was well received.
The group toured on and off over the next four years, but by 2004, the band's line-up included only one original member (Muller), and the group announced on October 28, 2004 that their next album would be released under the name Lo and the Magnetics. At the time of their "breakup", the Kingpins consisted of Lorraine Muller on lead vocals and saxophone, Chris Raz on guitar, Dan Meier on saxophone, Russ Cooper on bass, and Mike Gasselsdorfer on drums. In concert, Lo and the Magnetics occasionally played songs that were released under the Kingpins' name, though they referred to them as "covers". They have, however, retired some of the Kingpins' most notable songs, such as "The 10 Commandments of Ska". The Magnetics are on hiatus and expect to record some demos at some point.
Discography
Plan of Action (2000)
Let's Go to Work (1999)
Lootin' Shootin' and Wailin' (7" vinyl single)
Watch Your Back (1997)
On the Run (1995) (CD single)
Compilation appearances
"Plan of Action" on Forty One Sixty (JAM Records 2009)
"Bed Rock Twitch" on FlashBack (Discos del Toro 2000)
"Manon Viens Danser Le Ska" on 2Tongue: le Québec en montre une! (Disques Sapristi!)
"Ball of Fire" (with The Pilfers) and "Give it to Me Now" on Oi!/Skampilation Vol. 3 (Radical Records)
"Johnny Ratchet" on The All-Skanadian Club Vol. 3 (Stomp Records 1997)
"Watch Your Back" on The All-Skanadian Club Vol. 2 (Stomp Records 1996)
"Spy vs. Spy" on The All-Skanadian Club Vol. 1 (Stomp Records 1996)
Videography
Supernova
Consequence
Bordel
Manon Viens Danser le Ska (1999)
References
External links
The Official Kingpins Web Site (English)
The Kingpins on MySpace
The Kingpins on CBC Radio 3
Ska and Order: Skankin' the old way with The Kingpins (from Eye Weekly Magazine)
The Kingpins at Stomp Records
THE KINGPINS Interview on SkaNews Webzine
Musical groups from Montreal
Canadian ska groups
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical groups disestablished in 2004
1994 establishments in Quebec
2004 disestablishments in Quebec
In mathematics, Bondy's theorem is a bound on the number of elements needed to distinguish the sets in a family of sets from each other. It belongs to the field of combinatorics, and is named after John Adrian Bondy, who published it in 1972.
Statement
The theorem is as follows:
Let X be a set with n elements and let A1, A2, ..., An BS distinct subsets of X. Then there exists a subset S of X with n − 1 elements such that the sets Ai ∩ S are all distinct.
In other words, if we have a 0-1 matrix with n rows and n columns such that each row is distinct, we can remove one column such that the rows of the resulting n × (n − 1) matrix are distinct.
Example
Consider the 4 × 4 matrix
where all rows are pairwise distinct. If we delete, for example, the first column, the resulting matrix
no longer has this property: the first row is identical to the second row. Nevertheless, by Bondy's theorem we know that we can always find a column that can be deleted without introducing any identical rows. In this case, we can delete the third column: all rows of the 3 × 4 matrix
are distinct. Another possibility would have been deleting the fourth column.
Learning theory application
From the perspective of computational learning theory, Bondy's theorem can be rephrased as follows:
Let C be a concept class over a finite domain X. Then there exists a subset S of X with the size at most |C| − 1 such that S is a witness set for every concept in C.
This implies that every finite concept class C has its teaching dimension bounded by |C| − 1.
Notes
Computational learning theory
Theorems in combinatorics
Thirteen is the fourth album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, released in 1993 on Creation Records in the UK and Geffen in the US. It was commonly believed at the time that it was named after the song "Thirteen" by Big Star, a band that has heavily influenced Teenage Fanclub. The self-produced album was poorly received by critics on its release. It peaked at number 14 on the UK Albums Chart.
Background
Recording for the album began just a few weeks after finishing the Bandwagonesque tour in 1992. "It was difficult to make", guitarist Norman Blake said in 2018. "We went into the studio and we had 40 fragments of songs. Too much information, you know?" The band spent the next three to four months recording at Ca Va Sound Workshops in Glasgow, ending up with just fragmentary pieces that weren't quite finished songs. From there, the band eventually decamped to Revolution Studios outside of Manchester for another two or three months working on the material. "We kept revising it, re-recording it, and just generally trying to improve it," said bassist Gerard Love. The number of songs were then trimmed down to the ones that made up Thirteen and its corresponding B-sides. "We were relatively happy with it," Blake said, "but we'd become a bit disillusioned."
Some of the album's song titles are working titles. Blake: "Very often what happens is we have working titles that we ended up keeping. That explains "Commercial Alternative" and "Norman 3" – that's the third of my songs that we recorded for the album." In 2016, when asked about whether or not the album was named after the song "Thirteen" by Big Star, Blake said: "You know what? There were 13 songs on the record. But we were definitely listening to Big Star ... you can definitely hear Big Star's influence in that music, along with a ton of other things at the time too." When asked about why Thirteen was his least favourite Teenage Fanclub album, Blake said: "I'd say the reasons are more circumstantial than musical. That was an album that took us a very, very long time to make. ... So it's not that I have anything against the songs, it's just when I think of making that album it wasn't a very pleasant experience. It seemed like a lot of hard work."
Citing creative differences, drummer Brendan O'Hare left the band after touring for the album.
Album cover
Geffen's art department had offered to come up with an idea for the album's cover art. Blake: "So we said, "Sure, feel free. Obviously we'll have to think about what you come up with, but send us some ideas." A few months later the band received "this image of a girl crying with mascara running in a white t-shirt with a 13 on it." The band, however, rejected the idea as they didn't feel it represented the music. "I think they were trying to market us to teenage girls", Blake said. "But we ended up having to pay them ten grand, because they got a photographer, a studio, and models. They had to pay them off." In the end, the band put together the sleeve themselves. Blake: "Jeff Koons did an art piece with a basketball suspended in water, which I liked the look of, so I thought I'd just rip that off because he does that with other people's ideas."
Reception
At the time of release, Thirteen received mostly negative reviews. Music critic Robert Christgau gave it a "neither" rating, indicating that an album "may impress once or twice with consistent craft or an arresting track or two. Then it won't." Spin denounced Teenage Fanclub for making "a fetish of smothering emotion under a blanket of stoic formalism." Rolling Stone, however, called the album "even sweeter than its predecessor" and praised the band as "among the best recyclers [of power pop and bubblegum rock] around." Musician called it "great ear candy that we may one day learn is also nutritious."
Retrospective reviews have been generally positive. AllMusic called it "an eminently worthy follow-up to the classic Bandwagonesque" and Pitchfork wrote: "To this day, its reputation is far worse than the actual music."
Track listing
Note
The four tracks on the limited edition bonus disc were recorded in June 1993 for BBC Radio 1's The Evening Session.
Personnel
Teenage Fanclub
Norman Blake – vocals, guitar
Gerard Love – vocals, bass
Raymond McGinley – vocals, guitar
Brendan O'Hare – drums
Additional musicians
Iain MacDonald – flute (1)
John McCusker – violin (1)
Mike Hare – slide guitar (2)
Joe McAlinden – violin (2, 7, 10), alto saxophone (8)
Technical
Teenage Fanclub – producer
Andy MacPherson – producer, engineer
Darrin Tidsey – assistant engineer
Andy Lee – assistant engineer
Tony Doogan – assistant engineer
Duncan Cameron – assistant engineer
Paul Chisholm – assistant engineer
Tim Young – mastering engineer
Brian Spanklen – cover photography
Dennis Keeley – band photography
Mark Bown – sleeve layout
Charts
Notes
References
Teenage Fanclub albums
1993 albums
Creation Records albums
Geffen Records albums
Emirates Crown is a 63-floor residential tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, developed by Bin Shafar Holding and designed by Design & Architecture Bureau. The tower has a structural height of 296 m (971 ft). Construction of the Emirates Crown began in 2005, and was completed in 2008. Upon completion, it stood as the sixth-tallest building in Dubai, and 45th-tallest building in the world. As of 2022, it is the 26th-tallest building in Dubai.
Two to five-bedroom apartments can be found in the building, as well as some of the most prominent penthouses in Dubai. The amenities include a gymnasium, sauna, Jacuzzi, kids club, swimming pool, steam room and private storage. Located right across the street from the Dubai International Marine Club in the Dubai Marina district, it is a common living location for yachting enthusiasts.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Dubai
List of the tallest residential buildings in Dubai
List of the tallest buildings in the United Arab Emirates
List of the tallest residential buildings
References
External links
Emirates Crown on CTBUH Skyscraper Center
Emirates Crown on Emporis.com
Emirates Crown on SkyscraperPage.com
Emirates Crown on Luxhabitat.ae
Residential buildings completed in 2008
Residential skyscrapers in Dubai
Fedir Andriyovych Lyzohub (; , Fyodor Andreevich Lizogub; 1851 — 1928) was a Ukrainian public and state figure, politician and the Otaman of Council of Ministers (Ukrainian State) in 1918. In 1917 he headed department of Foreign Subjects at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Republic.
Biography
He was the son of Nadezhda Dmitrievna Dunin-Borkowska and Andriy Ivanovych Lyzohub, a poet and a friend of Taras Shevchenko.
Fedir Lyzohub founded the Poltava Museum of Regional Studies, ensured that the Poltava administration building was built in the Ukrainian style, and installed a monument to Ivan Kotlyarevsky in Poltava. He also financially supported the Mykola Hohol School of Visual Arts in Myrhorod ().
On 19 August 1918 Lyzohub gave interview to German newspaper Berliner Tageblatt und Handels-Zeitung as Minister-President Lyzogub.
In 8-14 November 1918 along with Skoropadsky, Lyzohub participated in secret negotiations with the Russian Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia in Crimea. Negotiations were taking place at the Dulber Palace in Koreiz (Crimean Southern Coast). In his absence, plenary sessions of government were chaired by Minister of Finance Anton Rzhepetsky. Talks about the Lyzohub's resignation appeared already on 11 November 1918 that were originated by Ukrainian activist Yevhen Chykalenko, according to whom three ministers Lyzohub, Rzhepetsky and Rohoza have resigned.
The Minister of Internal Affairs in the Lyzohub government Viktor Reinbot in his memoirs has explained the situation as following: "Soon Premier Lyzohub departed for Odessa to adjust relations with the High Command of the Austria-Hungary and for negotiations with the Crimea, with which obviously groundlessly was instigated unnecessary customs war. In Odessa it was expected to arrange a conference about the "Southern Alliance" of Ukraine, Don, Kuban, and Terek".
That trip was crucially needed due to change of political situation in Europe with the end of the World War I. The military occupation of Ukraine by armed forces of the Central Powers was nearing the end. The military commandant of Austria-Hungary in Odessa field marshal Eduard Edler von Böltz committed suicide when he found out that Austria-Hungary lost the war. At the same time field marshal Alfred Krauß who led the Austrian Ost-Armee (East Army) left earlier for homeland.
Family
Fedir Lyzohub was a distant descendant of Yakiv Lyzohub who was the acting Hetman of the Zaporizhian Host after the death of Danylo Apostol.
He had two brothers, Dmytro and Illya (who was married to Sofia Barshevska).
Fedir Lyzohub had four daughters (Olena, 1890; Lysaveta, 1892; Vira, 1897; Sofia, 1900).
See also
Lyzohub Government, the longest serving governments of Ukraine in 1917-1920
References
External links
Fedir Lyzohub at the History of Poltava portal.
Fedir Lyzohub at the Cabinet of Ukraine website
1851 births
1928 deaths
People from Chernihiv Oblast
People from Chernigovsky Uyezd
Ukrainian people in the Russian Empire
Otamans of Council of Ministers
Interior ministers of Ukraine
Fedir
Ukrainian Cossacks
Duninowie
Octobrists
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 1st class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 4th class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
is a Japanese role-playing video game developed and published by Square for the Family Computer Disk System, and released in Japan on 24 July 1987. The game's music was composed by Nobuo Uematsu.
Gameplay
Players explore an Egyptian town and ruins from a first-person perspective. The game combines role-playing game elements with an adventure game-like interface. Players may purchase items from shops, though some shopkeepers must be defeated in battle before trading. Battles are turn-based, with options to fight, use items, or flee. Players accumulate experience points by succeeding in battle and "level up" after gaining enough experience, which increases their stamina. Randomly encountered battles with enemies may happen at any time, including when paused to examine the inventory.
Plot
The player character, Daisuke Kusano, is the son of an archaeologist who disappeared while searching for the Tears of Isis, artifacts once owned by Cleopatra. During the man's excavation for the Tears, demons appeared and abducted him. The boy soon learns that he must find the Tears in order to save his father. Over the course of the adventure, Daisuke visits the Great Sphinx of Giza, the Temple of Kom Ombo, a tower of sand, and an underground labyrinth. At the end of the game, he discovers that the demons had been disguised as the kindly shopkeeper. Daisuke receives the last Tear of Isis upon defeating the demons, which summons the ghost of Cleopatra, who releases Daisuke's father from imprisonment.
Development
Nobuo Uematsu composed the music for the game. When developing the game for both the Famicom and the Famicom Disk System (FDS), there were technical differences such as a smaller amount of memory on the FDS which led to a more difficult process creating the same graphics.
Reception
Famitsu appreciated the game's graphics and animations, and called the characters "cute". ITmedia Gamez also complimented the game's animations, though felt that too much of the disk's capacity was devoted to these animations at the cost of game length. However, the reviewer thought it was not a bad game, even though it was short, and compared it favorably to The Warlock of Firetop Mountain, an adventure gamebook.
References
External links
1987 video games
Cultural depictions of Cleopatra
Famicom Disk System games
Famicom Disk System-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Square (video game company) games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Nobuo Uematsu
Video games set in Egypt
The Soldier and the Lady are the 1937 American adventure film version of the oft-produced 1876 Jules Verne novel, Michel Strogoff. Produced by Pandro S. Berman, he hired as his associate producer, Joseph Ermolieff. Ermolieff had produced two earlier versions of the film, Michel Strogoff in France, and The Czar's Courier in Germany, both released in 1936. Both the earlier films had starred the German actor Adolf Wohlbrück. Berman also imported Wohlbrück, changing his name to Anton Walbrook to have him star in the American version. Other stars of the film were Elizabeth Allan, Margot Grahame, Akim Tamiroff, Fay Bainter and Eric Blore. RKO Radio Pictures had purchased the rights to the French version of the movie, and used footage from that film in the American production. The film was released on April 9, 1937.
Plot
The Tsar sends courier Michael Strogoff to deliver vital information to Grand Duke Vladimir far away in Siberia. The Tartars, aided by renegade Ogareff, have risen up against the Russian Empire.
Cast
Anton Walbrook as Michael Strogoff
Elizabeth Allan as Nadia
Akim Tamiroff as Ogareff
Margot Grahame as Zangarra
Fay Bainter as Strogoff's Mother
Eric Blore as Blount
Edward Brophy as Packer
Paul Guilfoyle as Vasiley
William Stack as Grand Duke
Paul Harvey as Tsar
Michael Visaroff as Innkeeper
Reception
Writing for Night and Day in 1937, Graham Greene gave the film a mildly positive review, claiming that this version of the film was a great cinematographic improvement of the 1926 classic directed by Ivan Mosjoukine. Comparing the film to a "dashing and open-air ... good Western" Greene found the film to be "motivated in the grand manner", and noted that although the film "remains incurably comic even in tragedy", it remains a "simple, passionate and certainly sensuous [film] like a poem for boys, and not a bad poem either."
References
External links
1930s historical adventure films
American historical adventure films
American black-and-white films
Films based on Michael Strogoff
RKO Pictures films
Films set in Russia
Films set in the 19th century
American remakes of German films
American remakes of French films
Films directed by George Nicholls Jr.
Films scored by Nathaniel Shilkret
1930s American films
St. Nicholas Avenue is a major street that runs obliquely north-south through several blocks between 111th and 193rd Streets in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The route, which follows a course that is much older than the grid pattern of the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, passes through the neighborhoods of Harlem, Hamilton Heights, and Washington Heights. It is believed to follow the course of an old Indian trail that became an important road in the 17th century between the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam and the British New England Colonies. In the post colonial era, it became the western end of the Boston Post Road. The road became a street when row housing was being built in Harlem during its rapid urban expansion following the end of the American Civil War.
St. Nicholas Avenue serves as a border between the West Side of Harlem and Central Harlem. The IND Eighth Avenue Line () runs under St. Nicholas Avenue north of 121st Street as far as 168th Street, and is sometimes referred to as the St. Nicholas Avenue Line.
Route
North of 169th Street, St. Nicholas Avenue is aligned with the street grid with Wadsworth Avenue one block west (north of 174th Street) and Audubon Avenue one block east.
It crosses over the Trans-Manhattan Expressway at 178-179th Streets. The intersection of St. Nicholas with Broadway at 167th Street forms Mitchell Square Park. Below 169th Street, St. Nicholas Avenue cuts at a diagonal to much of the Manhattan street grid, crossing Amsterdam Avenue at 162nd Street and continuing against the grain to West 148th Street. Below 148th, St. Nicholas returns to a rough alignment with the grid, with Convent Avenue one block west and Edgecombe Avenue to the east, down to 124th Street. Below 124th, St. Nicholas Avenue takes a sharp diagonal, crossing Frederick Douglass Boulevard at 121st Street, and Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard at 116th Street, ending at Lenox Avenue, just north of Central Park. Its 17th-century origin as part of the Eastern Post Road accounts for its non-conformance to the grid pattern proposed by the Commissioners' Plan of 1811.
History
The street is claimed to follow an old Indian trail called Weekquaeskeek. From early colonial days through the 19th century, it was known as Harlem Lane. Travelers used it for going between New York and northern areas such as Spuyten Duyvil and Kingsbridge.
St. Nicholas Avenue is named after Saint Nicholas of Myra, patron saint of New Amsterdam since Dutch times.
On September 30, 1956, an American pilot named Thomas Fitzpatrick landed a stolen plane near 191st Street in front of a New York City bar where earlier he had been drinking and made an intoxicated barroom bet that he could travel from New Jersey to New York City in 15 minutes.
In 2000, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani signed a bill adding the name "Juan Pablo Duarte Boulevard" to St. Nicholas Avenue for the stretch from Amsterdam Avenue and West 162nd Street to the intersection of West 193rd Street and Fort George Hill. The added name was in honor of Juan Pablo Duarte, one of the founding fathers of the Dominican Republic.
References
External links
Streets in Manhattan
Odonyms referring to religion
The Ancient Abbey of Canons Regular of St. Augustine of Saint-Pierremont (i.e., St. Peter's mountain) (, ) is a former Augustinian abbey in the commune of Avril in what is now the Meurthe-et-Moselle département of France (formerly part of the Duchy of Bar in the Upper Lorraine region of the Holy Roman Empire), founded in the late eleventh century and dedicated to Saint Peter. Little is left of the medieval abbey buildings. Some buildings of the eighteenth century survive (enriched with older fragments, such as the arms of the abbot Jean Marius (1575-1597) and of the Duchy of Bar), notably the dovecote of the abbey, which was built in 1747 in the Baroque style and remodeled in 1774 with Rococo elements; it is registered in the Base Mérimée of notable French architectural monuments.
History
The abbey was founded in 1090 by Lubricus, a Canon of the St. Stephen's Cathedral in Metz. Reginald I, Count of Bar became the Vogt of the abbey in 1102. In 1186, Saint-Pierremont briefly served as a refuge for the exiled Archbishop of Trier, Folmar of Karden, formerly a member of the congregation. In the course of the Counter-Reformation, the community was reformed by St. Pierre Fourier, who incorporated it into the Congregation of Our Savior. Subsequent to the invasion and subsequent annexation of the Duchy of Lorraine under Cardinal Richelieu in 1632, the saint and his fellow canons refused to take an oath of loyalty to King Louis XIII of France; as a result, the abbey was pillaged and razed in 1636, though partially restored later in that century and the subsequent one. Being situated in the Three Bishoprics, the abbey became part of France with the settlement of the Treaty of Westphalia in 1648. Though the congregation lost its formal independence in 1733, being made directly subordinate to the cathedral chapter of Metz, the community itself survived until the French Revolution.
References
Cédric ANDRIOT, Les chanoines réguliers de Notre-Sauveur. Moines, curés et professeurs, de Lorraine en Savoie, XVIIe-XVIIIe siècles, Paris Riveneuve, 2012 (in French)
, available at the Internet Archive here: Volume VI. (in German)
Footnotes
Former Christian monasteries in France
Augustinian monasteries in France
Buildings and structures in Meurthe-et-Moselle
Monuments historiques of Grand Est
Blackout lights are head and tail lamps that are equipped with special lenses that are designed to cast a diffused horizontal beam of light for the driver of the vehicle to navigate with, and drivers of other vehicles to spot the vehicle with. In the military, they are intended for use when driving a convoy at night when it is necessary for the vehicles to maintain concealment by limiting their ability to be seen by the enemy.
Types
Blackout driving lights
Blackout driving lights are mounted on the driver's side of the vehicle, typically on the fender or grille. They give off a diffused beam of white light that takes the place of regular headlights when driving under blackout conditions. It is intended to give off just enough light for the driver to make their way. Blackout driving lights are also hooded, making the light only able to be seen when looking up at it. With the use of night vision goggles the effectiveness of the blackout driving light can be increased.
Blackout marker lights
Front marker lights are typically mounted below or to the side of the vehicle's normal headlights. They serve the purpose of making the vehicle visible to oncoming drivers or for a driver to see if a vehicle is following him or her.
Rear marker lights or blackout taillights are typically housed in the same unit as the vehicles taillights, and are the main tool in keeping the proper following distance in nighttime convoy driving.
Blackout marker lights serve the purpose of marking the position of the vehicle during blackout driving. They also are used as an aid in keeping the proper safe following distance when driving in a convoy at night. US Military marker lights are designed with a series of "cat eyes" that appear differently depending on the distance one is away from the vehicle that is equipped with the lights. When the following distance is too far the rear marker lights appear as a single red light and when too close as four separate red lights. When the correct following distance of 180 to 60 feet is maintained the taillights appear as two red lights.
Blackout stop lights
Blackout stop lights take the place of the normal stoplight when operating in blackout conditions. In US military vehicles when the brakes are applied in blackout mode the brake light appears as a white light. The blackout stop lights are typically in the same taillight assembly as the rear blackout marker lights.
Blackout headlights
Blackout headlights can refer to either front blackout marker lights or blackout driving light depending on the vehicle that is equipped with them.
Controls
Military vehicles that are equipped with blackout lights have a special switch for controlling the lights that are on the vehicle. This switch serves the purpose of preventing the headlights or any other lights on the vehicle from being turned on by accident, by means of a lock that is on the switch that must be pushed before the lights are able to be turned on.
References
Automotive lamps
Military equipment
Pseudocellus cookei is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei. It occurs only in the cueva Jobitzinaj in Petén, Guatemala.
References
Gertsch, 1977 : On two ricinuleids from the Yucatan Peninsula (Arachnida: Ricinulei). Bulletin of the Association for Mexican Cave Studies, vol. 6, p. 133-138
Animals described in 1977
Cave arachnids
Ricinulei
Endemic fauna of Guatemala
Nihada Sewaneli (Silent Shadows) () is a 2021 Sri Lankan Sinhalese language horror film directed by Sunil Premarathna and produced by Janaka Ranchagoda for Sineka Films. It stars Pubudu Chathuranga and Roshan Ranawana in lead roles along with Kumara Thirimadura, Tharuka Wanniarachchi and Mashi Siriwardane made supportive roles. The premiere of the film was held on 11 November 2021 under the patronage of Minister Rear Admiral Sarath Weerasekera at the Savoy Primory Cinema in Wellawatte. It has the implication that "even your children can be cursed if you destroy the environment."
Plot
Cast
Pubudu Chathuranga
Roshan Ranawana
Kumara Thirimadura
Harith Wasala
Sarath Chandrasiri
Ajith Weerasinghe
Kumara Wadurassa
Meena Kumari
Tharuka Wanniarachchi
Mashi Siriwardane
Dhananji Tharuka
Sandun Bandara
Yohani Hansika
References
External links
Kandak Sema on YouTube
Sinhala-language films
Sri Lankan drama films
Imma tesseraria is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, with purplish and bronzy reflections, posteriorly with a few fine yellowish scales. There is a very indistinct spot of whitish-ochreous suffusion in the disc at three-fifths (on the undersurface represented by an oblique yellowish fascia not reaching the margins). The hindwings have a submedian groove towards the base. They are blackish fuscous with a moderate elongate ochreous-yellow spot in the middle of the disc.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Nannette Maciejunes is the Executive Director of the Columbus Museum of Art, and the author of many books of art history, with a special focus on the work of Charles E. Burchfield and John Marin.
Education
Maciejunes has a B.F.A. from Denison University, a M.A. from Ohio State University, and is a graduate of Stanford's Executive Program for Nonprofit Leaders and the Getty's Leadership Institute for Museum Management.
Prior Positions
Maciejunes was Director of Denison University's Gallery in 1980, began at the Columbus Museum as a curatorial research assistant in 1984, served as Curator of Collections and Exhibitions at the Dixon Gallery and Gardens in Memphis in 1989 and has occupied her current position since 2003.
Awards and honors
2006 Ohio Governor's Award for the Arts in the category of Arts Administration
2006 South Side Settlement House Spirit of Volunteerism Award
2009 YWCA Woman of Achievement
2015 Columbus Business First C-Suite Award Honoree.
Impact on Columbus Museum of Art
Maciejunes guided the museum's acquisition of the Photo League collection and the Schiller Collection of American Social Commentary Art, and the development of the museum's Center for Creativity. Also under her leadership, the museum completed a major renovation and expansion, and was awarded the Institute of Museum and Library Services' National Medal, the nation's highest honor for museums. Maciejunes has made the work of both local and underrepresented artists a museum focus, which led to the development of a special relationship with Columbus native African-American artist Aminah Robinson, who left the museum her estate. In Robinson's memory, the museum is creating a new fellowship program for African-American visual artists.
Bibliography (as author or contributor)
Charles Burchfield 1920: The Architecture of Painting
Trees As Seen Through the Eyes of John Marin and Charles Burchfield
Reflections: The American Collection of the Columbus Museum of Art
Paintings of Charles Burchfield: North by Midwest
Clyde Singer's America
Triumph of Color and Light: Ohio Impressionists and Post-Impressionists
Charles Burchfield Watercolors 1915-1920
Personal Mythologies: Columbus Painter Lucius Kutchin, 1901-1936
Latifa Achakhch Currents
Thirty-Eight Rare Drawings by Charles Burchfield
Charles E. Burchfield : Romantic Lands
The World of George Bellows
Paintings by John Marin
Stephanie Syjuco Pattern Migration
Illusions of Eden : Visions of the American Heartland
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Edna Morton (April 2, 1894 – July 31, 1980) was an American actress who was in films in the 1920s. She starred in mainly race films most of them produced by Reol Productions. Her most notable films being Spitfire (1922), Easy Money (1922), and The Call of His People (1921). She was also in a film by Oscar Micheaux called A Son of Satan (1924). She is known to have been in ten films in total. She was referred to as "the colored Mary Pickford".
Early life
Morton was born in Washington, D.C. on April 2, 1894.
Acting career
Her earliest film was The Sport of the Gods (1921). She acted in many other films in 1921 but the production of The Sport of the Gods is believed to have taken place during February and March. It was Reol Productions' first film and she played the character known as Hattie Thompson. She went on to have bigger roles. In the film Spitfire (1922) she was the lead actress, playing the character Ruth 'Spitfire' Hill. Her co-star in this film was Lawrence Chenault, another African American actor. They were both in The Sport of Gods as well and made many films together between 1921 and 1925. These films included: The Burden of Race (1921), The Call of His People (1921), Secret Sorrow (1921), Ghost of Tolston's Manor (1923), and A Son of Satan (1924). One non-race film Edna Morton acted in was T. Hayes Hunter's Wildfire (1925). She had a part in the film as the side character known as Susie. When seen in cast listings, Edna Morton was listed a player, leading to the majority of her story being lost.
Family
Morton married twice. Her first marriage was to Samuel A. Wilson. They were married in September 1915. They divorced on an unknown date. Morton's second marriage was to Edward R. DeGrant on September 7, 1930. He died June 6, 1973. Morton did not marry again after and died 7 years later at the age of 86 on July 31, 1980.
Filmography
The Sport of the Gods (1921)
The Secret Sorrow (1921)
The Simp (1921)
The Call of His People (1921)
The Burden of Race (1921)
Easy Money (1922)
Spitfire (1922)
A Son of Satan (1924)
Three Miles Out (1924)
Wildfire (1925)
References
1894 births
1980 deaths
20th-century American actresses
African-American actresses
American silent film actresses
Actresses from Washington, D.C.
Arran Spencer Steele (born 14 January 1975) is a former English cricketer. Steele was a right-handed batsman who bowled leg break. He was born in Corby, Northamptonshire.
Steele represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In his only List A match, he scored 23 runs.
His father, David, played Test and One Day International cricket for England. He also played first-class cricket for Northamptonshire, the Marylebone Cricket Club, Derbyshire and Leicestershire, as well as List A cricket for Bedfordshire. His uncle, John, played first-class cricket for Leicestershire, Natal and Glamorgan. His brother, Mark, played a single List A match for Staffordshire.
References
External links
Arran Steele at Cricinfo
Arran Steele at CricketArchive
1975 births
Living people
People from Corby
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Northern Oak was a folk metal band from Sheffield, England. The band formed in 2006 and their debut album, Tales From Rivelin came out in 2008. The band then released two live studio EPs entitled Into The Attic, 28 July 2009 and Northern Oak, before releasing their second full-length album Monuments in December 2010, to acclaim from a number of underground music publications such as Metal Hammer Magazine, Zero Tolerance Magazine, and Terrorizer. They disbanded in 2016.
Northern Oak used traditional instruments alongside a modern heavy metal instrument setup (electric guitar, bass guitar, drums), with flautist Catie Williams utilising the flute, the alto flute and the recorder in various songs. They also used a keyboard to synthesize other traditional instruments such as harpsichord, church organ, bagpipes and the triangle. The band's name came from their location (in Northern England) and the English oak tree, which was symbolic of their appreciation for nature and the English countryside.
History
The band was founded late in 2006 by Chris Mole, original keyboardist Elliot Sinclair, original vocalist James Harris and founding drummer Daniel Loughran. Over several months of practicing and development, the band began to assemble a setlist and swiftly produced their first demo, entitled Rivelin.
The band performed their first gig in 2007. Shortly afterwards the band was joined by another new member – flautist Catie Williams. At this point the band began to explore a much more folk-heavy sound, due to Williams' experience of and participation in the English folk music scene.
Soon afterwards, recording began on what would become the band's debut album, Tales From Rivelin. During this period the band played their second show at Under the Boardwalk, this time bidding farewell to Loughran, who left the band due to leaving Sheffield. As the band worked on getting the album finished and printed, some other line-up shifts occurred – a new drummer (Jesse Harrison) and bassist (Kimberley Sears) joined the band, as did a new vocalist (Carl Aspinall). Aspinall's tenure was short-lived due to his other commitments, however, and he was soon replaced by a long-time friend of the band, Martin Collins.
Tales From Rivelin was released in March 2008 and garnered some positive press, including two positive reviews from Terrorizer magazine and Zero Tolerance magazine. One of the tracks from the album, 'Madness of the Feral Moon', also appeared on Iron Age Records' Volume 1 compilation alongside bands such as Shieldwall, Oakenshield and No Remorse. Having played a number of shows to promote the album and spread their name and reputation, Northern Oak began working on new material for the next recorded work and to increase their repertoire of songs. They began to perform live much more frequently, playing six gigs in 2008 compared with two in 2007, including a slot at the 2008 Gathering of the Clans festival where they were introduced by Martin Walkyier of Sabbat and The Clan Destined fame.
In March 2009, progress on new material was slowed by the departure of drummer Jesse Harrison and bassist Kimberley Sears. The band recruited another longtime friend, bassist Richard Allan, and a new drummer in the form of Paul Whibberley, conga player in the salsa band Cuatro de Diciembre with Williams. Work continued on material for a follow-up to Tales From Rivelin, and in a short time the band's setlist had expanded considerably. The first live practice EP, Into The Attic, 28 July 2009 was released to give the band's fans a taster of the new material, and soon afterwards, discussions with Aled Pashley of the Welsh band Annwn led to Northern Oak signing to independent label Mynydd Du records. A second live practice EP, Northern Oak, was recorded in August 2009 and provided another lo-fi preview of the band's new songs.
2009 also saw the band playing more shows across the country, performing at Highland Fire Festival in Edinburgh and Gathering of the Clans 2009 in Leicestershire, as well as a large number of shows in Sheffield.
In 2010, the band began recording their second full-length album, Monuments. Recruiting Travis Smith to create some cover artwork for the album, Northern Oak began recording at the Sheffield University Soundhouse in May and concluded in October that year. On 11 December 2010, the band released the album at a masquerade-themed launch show at Sheffield Corporation, with support from their friends in Old Corpse Road and the Secrets of the Boudoir Burlesque troupe. Following the launch gig, founding keyboardist Elliot Sinclair left the band due to a lack of time brought about by his relocation to London, and was replaced by new keyboardist, Digby Brown.
On 7 June 2011, Northern Oak were one of the first bands announced for the New Blood Stage at Bloodstock Open Air Festival 2011. Their gig on 13 August 2011 at the Jägermeister stage at Bloodstock was the band's first acoustic set.
In addition to their Bloodstock appearance, Northern Oak gigged extensively across England in 2011 in support of Monuments, including a mini tour (called The Great Exhibition) in the UK with Old Corpse Road, The Prophecy and Eibon la Furies in November.
Characteristics
Northern Oak combined English folk melodies with progressive metal guitars and black metal vocals. The band made use of traditional instruments including the flute, the alto flute and the recorder in their music, and synthesized a number of other traditional instruments using a keyboard. The folk melodies incorporated into their songs are drawn from flautist Catie William's knowledge of traditional English folk tunes – some are direct transcriptions of folk melodies (as in the songs Only Our Names Will Remain, which features the melody of the folk song The Snows They Melt the Soonest and The Scarlet Lady, which features an altered version of the melody from the folk song King of the Faeries), while others were created with that style in mind. The band's lyrics have a philosophical tone and focus on questions of mortality and existence, often through a naturalistic, historical or mythological framework. The band listed artists such as Opeth and Agalloch as sources of inspiration.
Members
Final line-up
Martin Collins – vocals, spoken word (2009–2016)
Chris Mole – acoustic guitar, electric guitar (2006–2016)
Catie Williams – flute, alto flute, recorder (2007–2016)
Richard Allan – bass guitar (2009–2016)
Digby Brown – keyboard – (2010–2016)
Paul Whibberley – drums (2009–2016)
Former members
Daniel Loughran – drums (2006–2008)
Elliot Sinclair – keyboard (2006–2010)
James Harris – vocals (2006–2008)
Carl Aspinall – vocals (2009)
Jesse Harrison – drums (2008–2009)
Kimberley Sears – bass guitar (2008–2009)
Lindsey Campbell – vocalist (2007–2008)
Discography
Studio albums
Tales From Rivelin (2008)
Monuments (2010)
EPs
Into The Attic, 28th July 2009 (2009)
Northern Oak (2009)
Compilation albums
Iron Age Records: Sampler 1 (2008)
Videos
Gawain (2010)
Live performance of Arbor Low (2010)
References
External links
Northern Oak's Official Website
Musical groups established in 2006
English folk metal musical groups
Musical groups from Sheffield
Musical groups disestablished in 2016
Alex Antonitsch was the defending champion, but he lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Patrick Baur won the tournament, beating Jeff Tarango in the final, 6–4, 1–6, 7–6(7–5).
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Seoul Open
1991 ATP Tour
1991 Seoul Open
Mehairja (; also spelled Mehairqa) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census it was listed as a district of Zone 54, which has a population of 24,593 and also includes Baaya, Muraikh, Luaib, Fereej Al Soudan, and Fereej Al Amir.
It borders Fereej Al Soudan to the east, Al Waab and Al Aziziya to the south, Muraikh and Luaib to the north and Baaya to the west.
Etymology
The district derives its name from the Arabic word "mahraqa", meaning "burnt". It was so named for its dark-colored soil and for the dark-colored leaves apparent on trees growing in the region which give the impression that its entire landscape had been charred in the past.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Michael Abraham Shadid (1882 – August 13, 1966) was a Lebanese physician who founded the first medical cooperative in Elk City, Oklahoma, in 1931. He was the first president of the Cooperative Health Federation of America, and an advocate for cooperative health care and preventive medicine.
Early life
Shadid was born in 1882 in Marjayoun, a town in modern Lebanon, but then in the Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate. He was the youngest of 12 children. He attended the American University's high school in Beirut. In 1898 he emigrated to the United States where he was a pack peddler and sold cheap jewelry and buttons door to door.
Shadid attended John Tarleton College in Stephenville, Texas, in 1902 and received a degree in medicine from Washington University in St. Louis in 1907.
While in medical school, he joined the Socialist Party of America. He ran for congress as a New Deal Democrat, but was defeated by Sam Massingale.
Shadid married Adeeba Shadid and they had six children: Bess, Fred, Ethel, Alexander, Ruth, and Helen.
Career
In 1923, Shadid left his successful practice in Carter, Oklahoma, and settled in Elk City. He found that farmers of the region did not receive adequate medical care and had no affordable hospital. He called a meeting of his farmer patients and proposed a cooperatively owned clinic and hospital in Elk City. The Oklahoma Farmers' Union supported the measure and the hospital was opened by the Community Health Association, Inc., in August 1931. The reception from the medical community was icy. Although he had been a member of the Beckham County Medical Society for over 20 years, the society expelled him. The Oklahoma Board of Medical Examiners attempted to revoke Shadid's license, and the State Medical Association tried to get a bill passed against medical cooperatives in the Oklahoma Legislature. The bill was defeated with the help of the Oklahoma Farmers' Union. The American Medical Association (AMA) declared that his cooperative was unethical because it put laypersons in charge of business decisions. The union took control of the hospital and the health plan in 1934. By 1939, Community Hospital had served 15,000 farmers in southwestern Oklahoma.
During the later years of his life, Shadid suffered from diabetes, resulting in the amputation of both legs. He traveled to Russia alone in a wheelchair to lecture on socialized medicine.
Later life
Shadid traveled throughout the United States and Europe and gave speeches advocating for cooperative health care. He helped launch a health co-op in Deer Park, Washington, and assisted the organizing committee that led to the formation of Group Health Cooperative. He helped found the Cooperative Health Federation of America in 1947. He served as the foundation's president from 1947 to 1949. In 1960, he built Hospital Haramoon in the Lebanese village where he was born.
Shadid died in Kansas on August 13, 1966, and is buried in Oklahoma City at Fairlawn Cemetery. He was inducted into the Cooperative Development Foundation's Cooperative Hall of Fame in 1978.
Works
Michael A. Shadid Papers, Western History Collections, University of Oklahoma, Norman.
References
Physicians from Oklahoma
American cooperative organizers
1882 births
1966 deaths
Lebanese emigrants to the United States
Oklahoma Democrats
Members of the Socialist Party of America
Manhattan Beer Distributors is a New York–based beverage company. Manhattan Beer Distributors is the fourth largest beverage distributor in the United States, and the largest single market beer distributor in the country.
History
The firm was founded in 1978 in Bronx, New York, by Simon Bergson, still its current President and CEO. Initially operated as a home distributor of beer. Bergson soon obtained the rights to distribute Carling Black Label and Tuborg, and operated out of a 4000 square foot warehouse with 3 delivery trucks. Currently, Manhattan Beer Distributors distributes over 45 million cases of beverages per year in the 5 boroughs of New York, its suburbs, and 9 other counties.
Services offered
Manhattan Beer Distributors primary business is distribution of alcoholic beverages such as beer, wine products, and ciders, as well as non-alcoholic beverages such as water. The firm is the authorized distributor of hundreds of beverages.
Environmental initiatives
The firm has a fleet of over 500 trucks, and has undertaken an initiative to re power 90% of those trucks to run on compressed natural gas. The distributor received $1.6 million in funding from the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) to offset the costs of the conversion, and contributed of $4.6 million of its own money. The goal of the program is to displace approximately 20 tons of Nitrous Oxides (NOx), 10 tons of Hydrocarbons (HC), 200 tons of Carbon Monoxide(CO),and 2 tons of Particulate Matter(PM) over the life of the vehicles, as well as reducing maintenance costs.
References
External links
Hoover's Company Profile
Beer in New York City
Companies based in the Bronx
Kulik-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Henry Foundation for Botanical Research is a nonprofit botanical garden of 50 acres located in Lower Merion Township, Pennsylvania at 801 Stony Lane, Gladwyne.
The garden was established in 1948 by botanist and plant explorer Mary Gibson Henry (1884-1967) for plants that she collected through remote areas of the West, Midwest, and Southeast United States. The garden has been maintained by the Foundation since 1950.
Today the garden contains scenic plantings, gardens, and trails for walking and horseback riding set among steep hills along Rock Creek, near the Schuylkill River. It also contains 15 taxa of native magnolias, in a program established under the auspices of the North American Plant Collections Consortium (NAPCC) to help broaden the genetic diversity of organized botanical collections.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
North American Plant Collections Consortium
References
External links
Henry Botanic Garden of the Henry Foundation for Botanical Research - information
Botanical gardens in Pennsylvania
Botanical research institutes
Research institutes in Pennsylvania
The 1979–80 European Cup was the 15th edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 11, 1979, and finished on August 24, 1980.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.
First round
Kölner EC,
SC Bern,
HK Olimpija Ljubljana,
Flyers Heerenveen : bye
Second round
Tappara,
Modo,
Slovan Bratislava,
CSKA Moscow : bye
Third round
Final Group
(Innsbruck, Austria)
Final group standings
References
Season 1980
1979–80 in European ice hockey
IIHF European Cup
Ryan Townsend Butler is an American politician and filmmaker. He directed the first documentary about same-sex marriage to air on national television in the United States, is the former president of the LGBT Democrats of North Carolina and is a former member of the Democratic National Committee.
Political career
Butler previously served on the Advisory Neighborhood Commission for Dupont Circle, Washington, D.C. in Ward 2. He was elected on November 7, 2006 with 87.47% of the vote. He was the first President of the LGBT Democrats of North Carolina. In April 2015 Butler was appointed as Chair of the Council of Review of the North Carolina Democratic Party. On February 6, 2016 he was one of five people elected to the Democratic National Committee by the North Carolina Democratic Party's State Executive Committee, making him a superdelegate. That marked the first time an out LGBT DNC member had ever been elected by the North Carolina Democratic Party.
Film and legal career
Butler's most notable film, A Union in Wait (2001), was an independent documentary film about same-sex marriage which aired on Sundance Channel and screened at more than 20 film festivals worldwide. It was the first documentary about same-sex marriage to air on national television in the United States.
After the release of A Union in Wait, Butler worked as a television editor in Washington, D.C., for ABC 7, the National Geographic Channel, and CNN. In 2008 he moved back to North Carolina, where he worked as in house counsel at Replacements, Ltd. after working for the North Carolina General Assembly and then as an attorney in private practice.
References
External links
Sundance Gets Religious, Out Smart Magazine, April 1, 2003; retrieved November 11, 2007; archived copy March 17, 2012
Coming Attractions: Features, A Consumer Guide to MFF 2001, Baltimore City Paper, April 25, 2001; retrieved November 11, 2007; archived copy May 31, 2012
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
American documentary film directors
Film directors from South Carolina
Film directors from Washington, D.C.
Gay politicians
LGBT film directors
LGBT people from South Carolina
LGBT politicians from the United States
Living people
People from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
Politicians from Washington, D.C.
University of North Carolina School of the Arts alumni
Washington College of Law alumni
Mołożów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The R12 was a New York City Subway car built by the American Car and Foundry Company in 1948. A total of 100 cars were built, arranged as single units. Two versions were manufactured: Westinghouse (WH)-powered cars and General Electric (GE)-powered cars. The R12s were the first post-war city-owned rolling stock for the IRT A Division.
The first R12s entered service on July 13, 1948; the fleet initially ran on the IRT Flushing Line until the R33S and R36 World's Fair fleets were delivered in the 1960s. The R12s were retired in the early 1980s due to service reductions prior to the delivery of the R62 fleet in the mid-1980s, and the final train of R12s ran in September 1981. Two R12 cars were saved for the New York Transit Museum, while the rest were scrapped.
Description
The R12s were numbered 5703–5802. They were the first mass-produced cars to feature electric door motors, as opposed to air-powered door motors (The R11/R34 prototypes were the very first cars with such features).
The R12 was the first series of post-war subway cars for the IRT division, and the second series of post-war rolling stock overall, following the R10s built around the same time for the IND/BMT B Division. The two car types were very similar to each other, except that the R12s were smaller since they were built to meet A Division specifications.
The R12s were the first "R" type contract order built for the A Division (referring to the practice of naming a car class by the letter "R" – which stands for rapid transit – followed by a number derived from the actual contract number). This practice originated from the R1 order built for the Independent Subway System. After the merger of the IRT, BMT, and IND in 1940, all subsequent subway car orders would follow the R contract.
There were two versions of the R12s: Westinghouse Electric-powered cars (5703–5752) and General Electric-powered cars (5753–5802).
The R12s bore several schemes during their service lives. The cars were delivered in two-tone gray scheme with orange stripes, then a solid bright red, and finally, repainted into the MTA's silver with blue stripe scheme. In the mid-1960's, 5707 received an interior speckled green paint scheme.
Cars 5703-5737 had a different fluorescent tubing that permitted a brighter illumination than most later cars of this series, although 5742, 5756 and 5784 also received this (as well as R-14 5904).
History
Delivery of the cars began in June 1948. The first R12s began service on the (IRT Flushing Line) on July 13, 1948. All 100 cars were delivered by October 1948.
The R12s ran on the Flushing Line until the arrival of the R33Ss and R36 World's Fairs in late 1963–early 1964. The R12s were then transferred to operate on other A-division routes. One particular assignment included all GE-powered cars being heavily modified (by deactivating the dynamic brakes and cutting out the third (parallel) notch on their controllers) and sent to the 8 (Third Avenue elevated line) in the Bronx during August 1969 and running there until that route's closing on April 29, 1973, whereupon they were permanently removed from passenger service and relegated to work service after only a little under 25 years in passenger service. A 3 was placed in front of the numbers of the cars so placed in work service. In addition, four Westinghouse-powered R12 cars (5703–5706) were slightly modified for use on the Bowling Green–South Ferry Shuttle, and were so-equipped so that the center door of each car could be opened at South Ferry, while keeping the others closed. These cars were used until the shuttle was discontinued on February 12, 1977, when the cars were reassigned to the , since these four shuttle cars were inspected and maintained at Livonia Barn at the time, with the 3 route.
Retirement
Although officially replaced by the R62s (delivered 1983–85), all R12s were retired earlier due to service reductions in the 1970s that made the fleet redundant. Many R12s were also converted to work service following their retirement to replace older Low-V work cars. The last R12 was pulled from passenger service in August 1981. All but two cars have since been taken off property to be scrapped, though several cars lasted as training vehicles or work cars for many years.
Two cars have been preserved:
Car 5760 has been preserved by the New York Transit Museum since July 1976, and was repainted into its original two-tone gray and orange striped paint scheme. The car is operational and has run on museum-sponsored nostalgia trains, specifically on the Train of Many Colors.
Car 5782 (renumbered to 35782) is also being held for the New York Transit Museum. This car was formerly used for fire training. The car retains its MTA blue/silver livery paint scheme and has been stored at the 207th Street Yard for many years. However, it is slated to receive only a cosmetic restoration; the car will not be restored to operational status.
References
Further reading
Sansone, Gene. Evolution of New York City subways: An illustrated history of New York City's transit cars, 1867-1997. New York Transit Museum Press, New York, 1997
Train-related introductions in 1948
American Car and Foundry Company
R012
1948 in rail transport
Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah is a supplement published by the Black Dog imprint of White Wolf Publishing in March–April 1997 for the horror role-playing game Wraith: The Oblivion, itself part of the series of horror role-playing games known as World of Darkness.
Contents
Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah relates the facts of The Holocaust, and then in game terms, addresses the consequences of the flood of deaths on the Underworld. As Guide du Rôliste Galactique notes, "It is necessary to differentiate the supernatural influences of the Dark World from historical reality: the creatures did not cause the Shoah in this universe, they only profited from it."
Publication history
White Wolf Publishing released Wraith: The Oblivion in 1994 as a part of the World of Darkness series of role-playing games, and supported it with many supplements. One of these, 1997's Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah, was published by White Wolf's Black Dog imprint, which was used for adult-oriented material. As game historian Shannon Appelcline explained in his 2014 book Designers & Dragons: The '90s, White Wolf "used the Black Dog imprint to put out World of Darkness supplements that would otherwise have been considered too adult", and that "In many ways, these Black Dog books represented a return to form for White Wolf. They offered up new ways to present innovative material, just as Vampire had been cutting edge back when it appeared on the gaming scene in 1991. Some of that innovation was noticed. Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah — which adapted the Holocaust for Wraith — and the four-volume, award-winning Giovanni Chronicles (1995–1999) — which traced a family from the 1400s to the modern day — both earned attention and acclaim for White Wolf."
Charnel Houses of Europe is a 126-page softcover book designed by Jonathan Blacke, Richard Dansky, and Robert Hatch, with Janet Berliner serving as consultant. The book was illustrated by Larry MacDougall, George Pratt, and Andrew Ritchie, with cover art by Matthew Milberger and Larry Snelly. It was published in March–April 1997.
Reception
In Issue 18 of Arcane, Adam Tinworth was very impressed by this book, saying, "In balancing the emotion with the facts and yet still providing an effortlessly usable supplement, White Wolf has produced a masterpiece. Whether you feel the slaughter of millions is suitable fare for a game is up to you. I for one applaud this first step into adulthood for roleplaying." Tinworth concluded by giving this book an excellent rating of 9 out of 10.
The May–June 1997 issue of Backstab published two reviews:
"Croc" — the alias of Backstabs editor — was outraged by the concept of the game, saying, "The ugly black dog now offers us a Wraith supplement where we can play it as victims of the Shoah [...] the author offers us a text which is intended to be informative but it is no more than a 3rd grade history book [...] He is incapable of describing in simple words all of the horror of Nazi crimes." Croc concluded by giving the book a rating of 1 out of 10 for the paper which it was written on, and giving it a rating of 0 out of 10 on principle, predicting that the book would soon be forgotten, saying, "It is certain that we will never forget the genocide of the Jews by their Nazi executioners, but this will certainly not be the case with this supplement, nor will it be the case with its author."
Arnoud Bailly disagreed to some extent, commenting, "Like everyone else, I was initially shocked that someone might have come up with the idea of doing a game based on the Holocaust. And then I read it. And it seems clear to me today that the author did not want Charnel Houses of Europe to be a role-playing supplement [...] but a simple, honest and effective book on the greatest tragedy that humanity has known. A book which tells of the horror of the Nazi machinery, the weakness of the collaborators, the heroism of rebellions, the simple humanity of millions of victims." Bailly concluded that he would never play Wraith using this material, giving it a rating of 8 ouf 10 for its historical content, but 0 out of 10 as a game supplement.
Other recognition
A copy of Charnel Houses of Europe is held in the collection of the Strong National Museum of Play (object 110.2521).
Other reviews
Casus Belli #104 (Apr 1997) p. 24
Pyramid V1, #25 (May/June, 1997)
References
Role-playing game books
The Holocaust in popular culture
Wraith: The Oblivion
Bishesh Huirem is an Indian actress and model from the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. She is best known for representing India at the Miss International Queen for Transgender 2016 organised in Pattaya, Thailand. She is the first Indian transgender who represents her country in the Miss International Beauty Queen Contest. She is the first Indian transgender to be appointed as a state icon for the parliamentary polls in the Lok Sabha elections. She is the first transgender to win the "Best Actor Award" in the 14th Manipur State Film Awards, 2022.
2016 Apology Demand Incident
On 13 September 2016, Bishesh Huirem was allegedly beaten up by the personal security guards and armed personnels of Rural Development Minister Moirangthem Okendra in Imphal, Manipur. The incident happened in a road rage at around 10 pm during night. Consequently, Bishesh protested and served an ultimatum to Minister Okendra to apologize for the incident within seven days or face outcomes. However, the officials of the Minister rejected her claim over the incident. According to them, Bishesh was driving “dead drunk” and was even not able to reverse her car which was blocking the minister's security escorts. Further, the minister's officials said that Bishesh was throwing tantrums claiming she had the right to drive and even attempted to forcibly open the minister's vehicle's door. In response, Bishesh denied all the claims from the minister's officials as "baseless charges". She denied she was drunk. She clarified that she was not even consuming salt and oil in her diet for her hormone therapy in a preparation for a beauty contest. Shocked by the incident, she was hospitalized. The associations and organizations of various artistes banned all mobile theatres, films and music programmes in the Heirok Assembly constituency (Minister Okendra's associated Constituency) until and unless he apologized.
Selected Shumang Leelas
Restafen
Pizza (2011)
Nupigi Thamoi (2012)
Engengee Nini Panba
Chagee Khuji
Ishing Chaibi (2013)
Tamphayai
Kairaba Chaphu
Inamma
Sana Khongnang
Maogi Ibai (2017)
Mou Ahum Ningol Ama (2019)
Online Da Luhongba (2021)
Mutlaroidaba Machu (2022)
Sanagi Thambal (2022)
Filmography
See also
Beoncy Laishram
Huirem Seema
Robert Naorem
References
External links
Bishesh Huirem_IMDb
Bishesh Huirem_Klmdb
Bishesh Huirem_jansatta.com
Bishesh Huirem_eastmojo.com
https://www.news18.com/news/lifestyle/miss-international-queen-2016-bishesh-huirem-becomes-first-indian-participant-in-transgender-pageant-1294332.html
https://www.sentinelassam.com/top-headlines/charming-manipuri-transgender-out-to-conquer-the-world/
Meitei people
Indian models
Living people
Transgender actresses
Indian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Khek Noi (, ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Khao Kho District, in Phetchabun Province, Thailand. In 2017 it had a total population of 15,382 people.
History
The subdistrict was created effective August 10, 1989 by splitting off 6 administrative villages from Khaem Son.
Administration
Central administration
The tambon is subdivided into 12 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by the subdistrict administrative organization (SAO) Khek Noi (องค์การบริหารส่วนตำบลเข็กน้อย).
References
External links
Thaitambon.com on Khek Noi
Tambon of Phetchabun Province
Populated places in Phetchabun province
The Byzantine Museum of Phthiotis () is a historical museum in the town of Ypati, Phthiotis Prefecture, Central Greece, focusing on the region's Byzantine-era history.
The museum is housed in a two-storey barrack building erected in 1836. Originally a frontier outpost, after the annexation of Thessaly in 1881 it was turned to other uses, including as a public school. Disused since the 1960s, the building had fallen into ruin, but after its repurposing as a museum was decided, it was completely restored in the 1990s. From 1997, the 7th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities began work on establishing the museum, initially in the ground floor, which was completed in 2004. Work on the first floor was aided by EU funds. The museum opened for the first time to the public in September 2005, and began regular function from 4 January 2007. Its official inauguration was on 18 March 2007.
The museum operates under the auspices of the 24th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities and features exhibits from across the region of Phthiotis, ranging from Early Christian times to the Ottoman period. The ground floor is dedicated to mosaics, with representative examples from Pelasgia, Achinos, and Loutra Ypatis; as well as an exhibition on the methods and materials used to make a mosaic. On the first floor is a list of the Byzantine monuments of the prefecture. The northern room hosts an exhibit on Early Christian church architecture, with architectural fragments from various basilicas, as well as items of daily use. The middle room hosts an exhibit the region's numismatic history, as well as the private collection of Konstantinos Kotsilis, with coins ranging from Ancient Greece to Sassanid Persia and modern times. The southern hall features sculptures from local churches, such as the marble templon of the Church of the Taxiarchs from Agnanti.
References
External links
Hellenic Ministry of Culture: Digital collections of the Byzantine Museum of Phthiotis
2007 establishments in Greece
Byzantine museums in Greece
Museums in Central Greece
Buildings and structures in Phthiotis
Museums established in 2007
Ypati
Numismatic museums in Greece
is a Japanese castle in Imabari, Ehime, Japan. This castle is well known as one of the three Mizujiro, or "Castles on the sea", in Japan, along with Takamatsu Castle in Kagawa Prefecture and Nakatsu Castle in Ōita Prefecture.
History
This castle was constructed by Tōdō Takatora, a local daimyō. He collected superior knowledge and techniques for building castles from 1602 to 1604 in order to build his own castle. The original major castle to rule the area was Kokufu Castle located on the top of Mount Karako. However, Takatora thought the Kokufu Castle was not in the best place for the governance of the area, so he abolished the old castle and made a new one, Imabari Castle.
In 1635, this castle and Imabari Domain was succeeded by Matsudaira Sadafusa who was a nephew of Tokugawa Ieyasu. After that, he and his descendants ruled there for the rest of the Edo period.
By the order of the Meiji Government, all of the buildings associated with the castle were destroyed. And land ownership was sold to local Shinto shrine. In 1980, the Imabari City government constructed the new tenshu in the castle.
Features
Imabari castle features a vast seawater moat, a high stone wall and a rare style of main gate. The moat averages 60 meters in length and is intended to neutralize arrows. Almost all parts of the high stone wall have remained unchanged since the Edo Period. The main gate, , is iron-plated and flanked by turrets.
State of Reconstruction
Imabari Castle has remained intact only regarding the walls and moat. The remaining buildings are reconstructions, mainly fabricated from concrete. The tenshu in particular, or keep, is a modern concrete construction, only imitating the outer appearance of the original. The interior is modern and not representative of the original design. It houses several exhibitions regarding weapons, armor, writings and castle photography. Its top floor serves as viewing point over the city. The tenshu also houses the city's natural science museum.
The Kurogane-gomon and Bugu-yagura turrets have been reconstructed also with interior and a small exhibition including a model and various videos explains their function and the castle's history. Further buildings include the Yamazato-yagura and Okane-yagura turrets, which are home to the antiquity museum and local art museum.
Access
Imabari Station of Yosan Line
Imabari Port
Bus Stop of Setouchi Bus Line
References
External links
Literature
Castles in Ehime Prefecture
Houses completed in 1604
Water castles
1604 establishments in Japan
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic television series based on the comic book of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard, and developed for television by Frank Darabont. It premiered on the cable network AMC on October 31, 2010. The series focuses on Rick Grimes, a sheriff's deputy who slips into a coma after being shot. He awakens to find himself in a dangerous new world that has been overrun by "walkers". He joins a group of survivors (including his wife and son) as they try to survive in a world among the undead.
In October 2019, the series was renewed for an eleventh season. In September 2020, AMC confirmed that the eleventh season would be the series' last and would consist of 24 episodes broadcast from 2021 to 2022. The eleventh season premiered on August 22, 2021.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2010)
Season 2 (2011–12)
Season 3 (2012–13)
Season 4 (2013–14)
Season 5 (2014–15)
Season 6 (2015–16)
Season 7 (2016–17)
Season 8 (2017–18)
Season 9 (2018–19)
Season 10 (2019–21)
Season 11 (2021–22)
Specials
A special titled "The Journey So Far" aired on October 16, 2016, as a recap of the first six seasons of The Walking Dead, featuring interviews with the cast and producers. It was watched by 2.18 million viewers.
Webisodes
Torn Apart (2011)
Prior to the start of season 2, a six-episode web series called Torn Apart premiered on October 3, 2011, on AMC's official website. The web series is directed by special effects makeup artist and co-executive producer Greg Nicotero and tells the origin story of Hannah, also known as "Bicycle Girl", the walker that Rick Grimes killed out of mercy and whose bicycle he took in the first episode of the TV series.
Cold Storage (2012)
A four-episode web series entitled Cold Storage was released on October 1, 2012. Set during the zombie apocalypse, Cold Storage follows the story of Chase as he seeks shelter in a storage facility under the command of B.J., a malicious former employee who hides a very dark secret. The storage unit Chase is given was owned by Rick Grimes.
The Oath (2013)
A three-part webisode series, entitled The Oath, was released on October 1, 2013. This series tells the origin of the "Don't Open, Dead Inside" paint on the cafeteria doors of the hospital Rick Grimes awakes in, post-apocalypse. It follows Paul and Karina as they escape their zombie-overrun camp in search of a medical station. The central theme of the series examines the will to persevere in the face of inevitable death.
Red Machete (2017–18)
A six-part webisode series entitled Red Machete first premiered on October 22, 2017. The web series tells the origin story of Rick Grimes's red machete. The series starred actors Jose Rosete, Anais Lilit, Sofia Esmaili, and Jeff Kober, reprising his role as Joe, the leader of the Claimers from the fourth season of The Walking Dead.
Ratings
References
External links
Lists of American drama television series episodes
Lists of horror television series episodes
Presto Magix (pronounced Presto Magic) was a brand of Action Transfers activity sets popular during the 1970s and 1980s. The sets were published by the American Publishing Corporation of Watertown, Massachusetts. They were originally made by the Papermate Division of Gillette from 1975 to 1978.
In 1976, the production of Action Transfers was transferred to Letraset's Italian factory, Sodecor, where offset litho printing was used with transfers for the first time. The impetus for the move was a joint venture undertaken with Gillette to produce Action Transfers under the name Kalkitos. These were widely distributed around the world, with the brand name occasionally differing. They were known as Presto Magix in the USA where only a handful of the total subjects offered by the other brands were released.
Use
Presto Magix were usually a comic book formatted set which was sold at stores like Kmart as well as supermarkets in England, Puerto Rico, Canada and the United States. It contained a sheet of rub-on dry transfer decals and a background, on which players could place the decals at any place or position on the background the user wished. The decal was applied to the background by scribbling on the paper over the decal with a pencil or similar object.
Larger, boxed sets were also available.
Branding
Many popular television shows, movies and entertainers of the era were featured, such as Popeye, Zorro, Mighty Mouse, The Lone Ranger, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Jabberjaw, Yogi Bear, The Flintstones, Richie Rich, Dynomutt, Scooby-Doo, Sesame Street, Masters of the Universe, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Dukes of Hazzard, Star Wars and G.I. Joe. DC and Marvel superheroes were also licensed for multiple sets each - Thor, Wonder Woman, Superman, Batman, Spider-Man, The Incredible Hulk and many others, as well as Michael Jackson were featured on Presto Magix sets. The WWE, then known as WWF, also licensed Presto Magix.
Broad topics that required no licenses were also covered in the 1970s.
Historical subjects included -
Battle at Little Big Horn / Battle of Midway / Discovery of America / Indian Ambush
Animal-themed sets included -
Animals of Africa / Farm Animals / Prehistoric Animals / The Undersea World
Outer space-themed sets included - Invasion of Mission Control / Moon Exploration / Space Docking
Fiction/fairy tale-themed included -
Alice in Wonderland / Around the World in 80 Days / Little Bears / Little Red Riding Hood / Puss in Boots / Robin Hood
Sport subjects included -
The Bases Are Loaded / Grand Prix Formula I / Olympics / Soccer
Hamburger restaurant chain Wimpy sold Presto Magix Star Wars sheets during the late 1970s. There was also an Ozark Airlines edition in the United States.
Kalkitos are still being developed by Singapore-based creative enterprise, Ideas Empire Pte.
References
Comics publications
Board games
The 2014–15 FK Austria Wien season is the 103rd season in club history. They will participate, in the Bundesliga and Austrian Cup.
Background
Background information
Austria Wien finished the 2013–14 season in fourth place and failed to qualify for a spot in Europe. The club would have gone into the Europa League if they had maintained third–place. The Club received their licence on 30 April 2014. Austria Wien signed Marco Meilinger, Mario Leitgeb, and Jens Stryger Larsen. Rubin Okotie, Tamás Priskin, and Martin Harrer returned from loan spells. However, Okotie eventually transferred to 1860 München. Pascal Grünwald, Marko Stanković, Tomáš Jun, Emir Dilaver, Kaja Rogulj, Lukas Rotpuller, Thomas Murg, and Philipp Hosiner left the club. The clubstarted pre–season on 10 June. They were without Heinz Lindner and Markus Suttner, who were still on vacation, and James Holland, who is on the squad for Australia at the FIFA World Cup, and Rubin Okotie, who was missing for "another reason."
During the 2013–14 season, Nenad Bjelica was sacked as head coach. Herbert Gager was named interim head coach. However, he was sacked after the season and didn't get the permanent job. The club wanted Adi Hütter to become head coach. But he eventually was hired by Red Bull Salzburg to become their new head coach. Then they had talks with Manfred Schmid about the vacant head coach's job. However, 1. FC Köln refused to release him. Köln had demanded a €400,000 transfer fee. Gerald Baumgartner was announced as the new head coach on 27 May. He received a two–year contract with an option year. He had been head coach of St. Pölten. Renato Gligoroski was named the assistant coach on 6 June. He had been Baumgartner's assistant at St. Pölten.
Transfers
In
Out
Bundesliga
Bundesliga review
Matchdays 1–9
The opening match of the Bundesliga season on 20 July for Austria Wien against Grödig ended in a 1–1 draw. Daniel Schütz gave Grödig the lead prior to Ola Kamara equalising for Austria in stoppage time. There were nine yellow cards in the match. Austria finished the matchday tied for fifth with Grödig. Then on matchday two, on 26 July, Austria lost to Wolfsberg 4–0 with goals from Christopher Wernitznig, Nemanja Rnić, Jacobo Ynclán from the penalty spot, and Sílvio. Vanče Šikov was sent–off in the sixth minute. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. Austria started August with a 0–0 draw against Altach on matchday three on 2 August. Austria remained winless and dropped down to eighth place, two places above the relegation zone. Then Austria and Wiener Neustadt battled to a 2–2 draw on matchday four on 9 August. Austria got goals from Omer Damari and Alexander Grünwald from the penalty spot and Daniel Schöpf and Herbert Rauter scored for Wiener Neustadt. Damari only got his work permit the day before. Austria finished the matchday in ninth place. Again, on matchday five on 17 August, Austrias match ended in a draw. The match against Sturm Graz ended 1–1. Daniel Royer opened the scoring in the eighth minute for Austria. However, in the 52nd minute, David Schloffer equalized for Sturm. The result meant that Austria have failed to win any of their last eight matches and four of the last five matches between the two clubs have ended in the same scoreline. Austria remained in ninth place. The 310th Wiener Derby ended in a 2–2 draw on matchday six on 24 August. Austria took the lead twice with a first-minute goal from Alexander Gorgon and a second–half penalty shot from Omer Damari. However, both Robert Berić and Stefan Schwab equalized for Rapid. Austria finished the matchday in eighth place. Austria continued their winless streak on matchday seven on 30 August when they lost 2–1 to Admira Wacker. Eldis Bajrami and Stephan Zwierschitz scored four minutes apart late in the first half to give Admira Wacker the lead. Alexander Grünwald scored early in the second half to pull a goal back. With the result, Austria remained the only team winless and dropped down to 10th and last place. Austria kicked–off September with a 3–1 victory over Ried on matchday eight on 13 September. Omer Damari scored two goals and Daniel Royer scored for Austria and Denis Thomalla scored for Ried. This is Austria's first win of the season. Austria finished the matchday in eighth place. Then, on matchday nine on 21 September, Austria defeated Red Bull Salzburg 3–2. Marco Meilinger, David de Paula, and Omer Damari scored for Austria and Alan scored for Red Bull Salzburg. This was Austria's first victory against Red Bull Salzburg in four years. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
Matchdays 10–18
Then, on matchday 10 on 27 September, Austria's match against Grödig finished in a 0–0 draw. The only notable events in the match were the six yellow cards handed out. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. To kick–off October, Austria lost 2–0 to Wolfsberg on matchday 11 on 4 October. Peter Žulj and Manuel Weber scored for Wolfsberg. Omer Damari didn't play due to Yom Kippur. The loss meant that Austria finished the matchday in sixth place and 15 points behind league leaders Wolfsberg. Then on matchday 12, on 18 October, the Austria–Altach matched finished in a 1–1 draw. Jens Stryger Larsen scored for Austria and Emanuel Schreiner scored for Altach. Markus Suttner injured in the first–half of the match. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. Then on 25 October, on matchday 13, Austria won their third match of the league season by defeating Wiener Neustadt 2–0 with goals from Daniel Royer and Alexander Grünwald. Tarkan Serbest made his debut for Austria in the starting 11. Austria finished the matchday tied for fifth with Sturm Graz. Austria started November with a 3–0 loss to Sturm Graz with a goal from Marko Stanković and two goals from Marco Djuricin on matchday 14, on 1 November. Stanković opened the scoring in the 15th minute. Then Djuricin added two more goals in the 42nd and 54th minutes. Austria picked up four yellow cards in the match. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. Then on matchday 15, on 9 November, Austria defeated Rapid Wien 3–2 in the 311th Wiener Derby. Austria took a 3–0 lead through Omer Damari brace in the 23rd minute and 40th minute and a Daniel Royer goal in the 78th minute. But Rapid Wien got two goals late in the match when Deni Alar scored in the 83rd minute and Robert Berić scored in stoppage time. Austria finished the match in sixth place. On 22 November, on matchday 16, Austria defeated Admira Wacker 4–0 with two goals from Alexander Gorgon and a goal each from Omer Damari and Vanče Šikov. Damari opened the scoring in the 61st minute after Richard Windbichler denied Austria a clear goalscoring opportunity. Windbichler received a red card for the foul. Royer scored seven minutes later. Then Gorgon added two goals in the 71st and 82nd minutes. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 17, on 29 November, Austria and Ried played to a 1–1 draw. Alexander Gorgan scored a seventh-minute goal for Austria and Toni Vastić scored in stoppage time to equalize for Ried. Thomas Salamon was sent–off for a second yellow card in the 82nd minute bringing Austria down to 10 men. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 18, on 6 December, Red Bull Salzburg defeated Austria 4–2. Austria took a 2–0 lead with a third-minute goal from Alexander Gorgon and a 21st-minute goal from Alexander Grünwald. Then in the second half, Red Bull Salzburg scored four goals. Alan scored in the 52nd, 58th, and 60th minutes to earn himself a hat-trick. Marcel Sabitzer scored the fourth goal in the 68th minute. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
Matchdays 19–27
On matchday 19, on 13 December, Austria defeated Grödig 1–0 with a goal from Marko Kvasina. Kvasina scored in the 77th minute after coming on as a substitute 12 minutes earlier. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. Austria started their winter break after the match. Austria returned from winter break with training on 5 January. On matchday 20, on 15 February, in Klagenfurt, Austria lost to Wolfsberg 1–0 with a ninth-minute goal from Michael Berger. Austria failed to convert two penalty shots in two shots. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 21, on 21 February, Austria defeated Altach 5–2. Austria got two goals from Alexander Gorgon and a goal each from Fabian Koch, Raphael Holzhauser, and Patrizio Stronati. Altach got two goals from Johannes Aigner. Austria took a 3–0 lead with Koch's opening goal in the 13th minute, Gorgon's goal 11 minutes later and Holzhauser's 54th-minute goal. Then Aigner scored in the 62nd and 63rd minutes to bring Altach within a goal. Then Gorgon got his second goal in the 69th minute. Stronati, who made his debut for the club, finished the scoring in the 86th minute tom make it 5–2. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 22, on 28 February, Wiener Neustadt defeated Austria 1–0 with a 34th-minute penalty from Conor O'Brien. Patrizio Stronati was sent–off on the play that led to the penalty shot. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 23, on 3 March, Sturm Graz defeated Austria 2–1. Alexander Grünwald scored for Austria and Simon Piesinger scored two goals for Sturm Graz. Grünwald gave Austria the lead in the 59th minute. Piesinger then equalized in the 70th minute and then gave Sturm Graz the lead in stoppage time in the second half. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. In the 312th Wiener derby, on matchday 24, on 8 March, Austria defeated Rapid Wien 2–1. Lukas Rotpuller and Vanče Šikov scored for Austria and Steffen Hofmann scored for Rapid Wien. Hofmann gave Rapid Wien the lead in the 17th minute. Rotpuller scored in stoppage time in the first half and Šikov scored in the 84th minute to give Austria a 2–1 lead. Christian Ramsebner was sent–off for a second bookable offence. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. The match, on matchday 25, on 14 March, finished in a 1–1 draw. Markus Suttner in the 82nd minute for Austria and Markus Katzer scored in the 85th minute for Admira Wacker. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 26, on 21 March, Ried defeated Austria 1–0 with an 80th-minute goal from Denis Thomalla. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. The following day, Gerald Baumgartner was sacked and Andreas Ogris was appointed as head coach for the remainder of the season. On 4 April, on matchday 27, Austria lost 3–1 to Red Bull Salzburg. Red Bull Salzburg got two goals from Valentino Lazaro and a goal from Marcel Sabitzer. David de Paula scored for Austria. Sabitzer scored in the first minute to give Red Bull Salzburg a 1–0 lead. De Paula then equalized for Austria. Lazaro then gave Red Bull Salzburg the win with goals in the 23rd and 73rd minutes. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place.
Matchdays 28–36
On matchday 28, on 11 April Austria and Grödig finished their match in a 1–1 draw. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. On matchday 29, on 19 April, Austria and Wolfsberg finished in a 1–1 draw. Austria finished in seventh place. On matchday 30, on 26 April Austria lost to Rheindorf Altach 2–0. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. On matchday 31, on 2 May, Austria defeated Wiener Neustadt 2–1. Austria finished the matchday in sixth place. On matchday 32, on 9 May, Austria and Sturm Graz finished their match in a 0–0 draw. Austria finished the matchday in seventh place. In the 313th Weiner Derby, on matchday 34, Rapid Wien defeated Austria 4–1.
Bundesliga fixtures and results
Table
Result summary
Austrian Cup
Austrian Cup review
Austria Wien kicked–off their season with a 6–0 win against First Vienna FC in the first round of the Austrian Cup on 11 July. Austria got two goals from Daniel Royer and a goal each from Martin Harrer, Alexander Gorgon, Roman Kienast, and Alexander Grünwald. Jens Stryger Larsen and Mario Leitgeb both debuted for the club. In the second round, on 24 September, Austria defeated Kitzbühel 5–0 with two goals from Alexander Grünwald and a goal each from Omer Damari, Florian Mader, and Martin Harrer. Then in the third round, Austria advanced to the quarter–finals with a 6–0 win.
Austrian Cup fixtures and results
Player information
Squad and statistics
|-
!Colspan="4"|
!Colspan="2"| —
!Colspan="2"|
!Colspan="2"|
|}
Notes
1.Contract includes an option year.
2.Even though the contract finished after the season, Austria Wien were required to pay a training fee.
References
FK Austria Wien seasons
Austrian football clubs 2014–15 season
South Carolina Highway 268 (SC 268) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects rural areas of Chesterfield County with Mount Croghan.
Route description
SC 268 begins at an intersection with SC 265 at a point southwest of Ruby, within a rural part of Chesterfield County. It travels to the northeast and crosses Little Black Creek. It continues in a fairly northeastern direction and crosses Deep Creek just before entering the city limits of Mount Croghan. In the center of town, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SC 9 and SC 109 (Main Street/Camden Road).
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 268 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
268
Transportation in Chesterfield County, South Carolina
Kessleria zimmermanni is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Poland and Slovakia.
The length of the forewings is 7-7.2 mm for males and 6.2 mm for females. The forewings are brown. The hindwings are dark brown. Adults are on wing from June to the end of August.
The larvae feed on Saxifraga paniculata. Young larvae mine the leaves of their host plant. The species overwinters twice in the larval stage.
References
Moths described in 1864
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Vaduthala Nair, the Kshatriya/Warrior of Parayi petta panthirukulam, belongs to the present Kundully Nair family of Mezhathur, near Thrithala. This family took and raised the infant left behind by the Vararuchi couple while on the pilgrimage along the Nila River banks.
Vaduthala Nair was an expert in martial arts. He was a Nair soldier
References
Mythology
Jemima Warner was a camp follower with the Continental Army in the early days of the American Revolutionary War and, according to the Women's Memorial in Washington D.C., she is the first American “military woman killed in action."
Biography
Nothing is known about Jemima's early childhood, but she probably lived in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania before joining the army when she was seventeen. Her husband, James Warner, was a private in Captain Matthew Smith's company of Colonel William Thompson's 1st Pennsylvania Regiment, and she accompanied him on Colonel Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec through the Maine wilderness in the fall of 1775.
On November 1, 1775, her husband fell ill, and Jemima stayed with him while the rest of the battalion continued without them. After James died, Jemima buried him with leaves and journeyed some 20 miles through the wilderness alone to catch up with the rest of the battalion. Many soldiers were surprised to see her emerge from the wilderness days (or even weeks) later, carrying her husband's rifle.
During the invasion of Quebec, Jemima was commissioned by General Richard Montgomery to deliver a letter containing his conditions of surrender to Governor Guy Carleton, but she was refused admittance into the city. On her second attempt, however, she dressed more formally and was allowed in, but Governor Carleton tore up the letter, imprisoned her, and drummed her out of the city the next day.
Though two women, Jemima Warner and Susannah Grier (wife of Sergeant Joseph Grier of Captain William Hendrick's company), are mentioned by name in John Joseph Henry's journal of the expedition through the Maine wilderness, neither of them is mentioned by name in soldiers' journals during the invasion of Quebec. There are reports of four women on the American side killed during the siege, one by grapeshot in December 1775, one by burning in December 1775, one shot accidentally by an American soldier in April 1776, and one by lightning in June 1776. It is often assumed that Jemima Warner was the one killed by grapeshot while standing with the rest of the American soldiers.
References
Continental Army
18th-century American women
Maine in the American Revolution
Women in the United States military
Women in warfare in North America
is a Japanese manga series written by Oji Hiroi and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from July 1991 to March 1992, with its chapters collected in three tankōbon volumes. In North America, the manga was licensed by Viz Media, which serialized it in their Manga Vizion magazine in 1995.
Plot
The story follows Kumomaru, a Japanese samurai who travels to Europe during the 1930s and becomes embroiled in a plot to steal the legendary Japanese sword Kusanagi. While in Europe, Kumomaru befriends Ernest Hemingway and Pablo Picasso and attempts to stop Major General Kamishima and his Nazi allies from conquering China.
Publication
Samurai Crusader is written by Oji Hiroi and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday from July 3, 1991 to March 11, 1992. Shogakukan collected its chapters in three tankōbon volumes, released between January 1 and April 1, 1992. Media Factory re-released the manga in two bunkoban volumes on April 5 and May 2, 2003. Media Factory released a complete edition on December 22, 2006.
In North America, the series was licensed by Viz Media, which serialized it in their magazine Manga Vizion in 1995. Viz Media published the three volumes of the series between August 5, 1996 and December 6, 1997.
Volume list
Reception
In Manga: The Complete Guide, author Jason Thompson wrote: "Author Hiroi Oji (Sakura Taisen) delivers a satisfying, big-scale historical adventure story that reads like a mix between an Indiana Jones movie and a 1980s Hong Kong film. Artist Ryoichi Ikegami is in fine form throughout, with great action scenes and precise period detail. Seasoned Ikegami readers who've been through the torrid likes of Crying Freeman and Offered will notice that the thrills here stop just short of a PG-13 level of explicitness. Still, it's nice to have a straightforward Ikegami adventure yarn that doesn't require hiding the pages from plain sight from time to time." Katherine Dacey of The Manga Critic praised the series for its art, stating: "No detail goes overlooked; even the most inconsequential characters' clothing is meticulously rendered, and the street lamps in every city are drawn with such care as to distinguish a Parisian boulevard from a Shanghai corner." Dacey however, criticized the series for its dialogues, explaining that they "feel more like policy discussions than real arguments, despite Ikegami's best efforts to stage the scenes as dramatically as possible." Dacey concluded: "Perhaps the best way to summarize Samurai Crusader‘s appeal is to say that it has all the virtues of Crying Freeman and Wounded Man — crazy action scenes, sexy leads, mustache-twirling villains — without the copious nudity and sexual violence that can give even the most committed manga fan pause."
References
External links
1991 manga
Adventure anime and manga
Historical anime and manga
Oji Hiroi
Ryoichi Ikegami
Samurai in anime and manga
Shogakukan manga
Shōnen manga
Viz Media manga
Gulbene District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Vidzeme region, in the country's north-east. It was organized into a city and thirteen parishes, each with a local government authority. The main city in the district was Gulbene.
In Gulbene, a Baltic single passage narrow-gauge railroad, Gulbene-Aluksne, was renovated and started to operate in 2005.
Gulbene has a basketball team, ASK/Buki-Gulbene.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.
Cities and parishes of the Gulbene District
Beļava Parish
Dauksti Parish
Druviena Parish
Galgauska Parish
Gulbene city
Litene Parish
Lizums Parish
Līgo Parish
Lejasciems Parish
Jaungulbene Parish
Stāmeriena Parish
Ranka Parish
Stradi Parish
Tirza Parish
References
Districts of Latvia
The 2013–14 Turkish Women's Volleyball League is the 31st edition of the top-flight professional women's volleyball league in Turkey.
Regular season
League table
Source: Turkish Volleyball Federation
Play-Out
Playoffs
Source: Turkish Volleyball Federation
Individual awards
References
External links
Turkish Volleyball Federation official web page
2013 in Turkish sport
2014 in Turkish sport
2013 in Turkish women's sport
2014 in Turkish women's sport
Turkish Women's Volleyball League seasons
"It Really Hurts Me Girl" is a song and single by American group, The Carstairs.
In the UK, DJ Ian Levine, having heard this song played on radio in Miami, acquired a copy and played it during a Northern soul event at the Blackpool Mecca in 1973. It caused controversy as it was not to the liking of those who preferred traditional Northern soul music based on a sound and rhythm similar to that traditionally emanating from the Motown label. The song is credited with stating a new musical genre that came to be known as modern soul music.
References
1973 songs
Northern soul songs
Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre was located on the grounds of Barton Park in Arncliffe, New South Wales in Australia. It was the home ground of the Rockdale Ilinden Football Club, who played in the New South Wales Super League.
A new Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre has been constructed at Bicentennial Park South, 468 West Botany Street, Rockdale. It is the home of the Rockdale City Suns Football Club.
The old centre is located near St George Stadium, a football ground used by the St. George Saints. St George Stadium was not used during 2007-2008, but has started to be used again in 2009. Despite this re-use, Rockdale Ilinden is still used as the venue for many St. George Saints local division finals pending Rockdale Ilinden's move.
The old Ilinden Sports Centre contains the Clubhouse which has hosted numerous functions - of which have included mainly Macedonian-orientated non-soccer related functions. The ground boasts an indoor/outdoor licensed canteen, proper home & away change rooms, ample grass and bitumen parking, two superior playing surfaces (main and training), two other soccer ovals and two makeshift baseball arenas.
Rockdale City Suns
The Rockdale Ilinden Football Club played at the Sports Centre for 40 years after their Australian birth. They won premierships there and developed their mainly Macedonian traditions, and celebrated their 40th anniversary year in 2009 with a minor premiership in the NSW Super League. Over time however, the Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre has become worn out, and the club bought a lease for Bicentennial Park South, which was re-developed in 2009 as the new home of the Rockdale City Suns. The new facilities were officially opened on Saturday, 12 December 2009.
Cook Cove Development
A joint venture between developer John Boyd and Westpac Funds Management has begun construction of a A$1.7 billion dollar project titled the Cook Cove Development near Sydney Airport. The 270,000 square meter area will contain offices, a hotel and a retail precinct on the current Kogarah Golf Club grounds, with the Golf Club relocating nearby south to Barton Park after related Bicentennial and Scarborough Park upgrade takes place, relocating sporting teams further south for this construction to happen. The move is planned to take place in late 2009 to early 2010, after being originally slated for early in 2009.
References
External links
Football NSW
Rockdale City Suns Official Website
Sports venues in Sydney
Soccer venues in Sydney
Rockdale City Suns FC
Arncliffe, New South Wales
The women's 400 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held 28 February–1 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
The winner of each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
400 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
400
1998 in women's athletics
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Kageyama was born in Tokyo on March 31, 1978. After graduating from high school, he played for Toho Titanium. In August 2001, he moved to J2 League club Ventforet Kofu. Although he could hardly play in the match in 2001, he became a regular forward under new manager Takeshi Oki in 2002. He scored 8 goals and became a top scorer in the club. However manager Oki resigned end of 2002 season and Kageyama could hardly play in the match under new manager Hideki Matsunaga in 2003 season. In 2004, he moved to Japan Football League club Sagawa Printing. He retired end of 2004 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Association football people from Tokyo
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Toho Titanium SC players
Ventforet Kofu players
SP Kyoto FC players
Association football forwards
Taylor Dome () is an elliptical ice dome, 43 nautical miles (80 km) long ESE-WNW and 16 nautical miles (30 km) wide, rising to 2,400 m, centered about 29 nautical miles (50 km) west-northwest of Mount Crean, Lashly Mountains, Victoria Land on Antarctica. The feature was delineated by the Scott Polar Research Institute (SPRI)-National Science Foundation (NSF)-Technical University of Denmark (TUD) airborne radio echo sounding program, 1967–79. The name was first used by David J. Drewry of SPRI in 1980. The dome is one of the local sources of ice to the Taylor Glacier, from which it is named. Approved by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1994.
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Oates Land
Vadim Izrailevich Agol (; b. March 12, 1929 in Moscow) is a Soviet Russian virologist and geneticist. He was given the distinction of Honored Scientist of the Russian Federation in 1999.
Career
Agol was the son of the geneticist Izrail Agol who was executed during Stalin's regime. Vadim graduated from the First Moscow State Medical University in 1951. From 1956 he worked at the Chumakov Institute of Poliomyelitis and Viral Encephalitides, and from 1970 he was a professor at the Department of Virology, Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Distinctions
Agol was elected a Corresponding Member of the USSR Academy of Medical Sciences in 1986. From 1994 to 1999, he was a Soros Professor.
He was elected a Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1997, and a Foreign Member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences in 2008.
He is a recipient of the 2013 Institute of Human Virology Lifetime Achievement Award for Scientific Contributions.
References
1929 births
Living people
Russian scientists
Soviet professors
Russian professors
Corresponding Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Corresponding Members of the USSR Academy of Medical Sciences
Foreign Members of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Honoured Scientists of the Russian Federation
Soviet virologists
Soviet geneticists
Nathan T. Wang (born Wang Tsung-Hsien, born August 8, 1956 in Los Angeles, California, USA) is a Chinese-born American music composer and director. He graduated from Pomona College in California and received an Ambassadorial Scholarship from Rotary International to study at Oxford University. He is the winner of the Cable Ace award for the soundtrack to the documentary The Lost Children of Berlin. He also composed the acclaimed soundtrack for the aviation film, One Six Right.
Nathan Wang is a Master of Movie Music with Beijing DeTao Masters Academy (DTMA), a high-level, multi-disciplined, application-oriented higher education institution in Shanghai, China.
Early life
Wang was born in Los Angeles, California, to parents from Shanghai, China. He began playing the piano at age three. He attended Pomona College, graduating in 1979.
Career
Wang is an associate professor of film scoring at Peking University.
Composer
In Production
2000s
1990s
1980s
Far East Deep South (2020)
Playing With Fire (2019)
Wished (2017)
The Healer (2017)
Detective Chinatown (2015)
The Patriot Yue Fei (2015)
Brotherhood of Blades (film) (2014)
Farmland (film) (2014)
Sleeping Dogs (2012) (Multi platform game)
Inseparable (2011)
You Again (2010)
Sophie's Revenge (2009)
The Legend of Pancho Barnes and the Happy Bottom Riding Club (2009)
How to Make Love to a Woman (2009)
Van Wilder: Freshman Year (2009)
War Dogs of the Pacific (2009)
Hatching Pete (2009) (TV)
Inspire Me: Weightless Flights of Discovery (2009)
It's All About the Benjamins (2009)
The Age of Believing: The Disney Live Action Classics (2008) (TV) (original music by)
Valentine (12 episodes, 2008)
"God Only Knows" (2008) TV episode
"She's Gone" (2008) TV episode
"The Book of Love" (2008) TV episode
"Act Naturally" (2008) TV episode
"Daddy's Home" (2008) TV episode
Nuptials of the Dead (2008) (original music by)
Jack N Jill (2008)
Minutemen (2008) (TV)
Labou (2008) (V)
The Final Season (2007)
The Game Plan (2007)
Johnny Kapahala: Back on Board (2007) (TV)
Tina Bobina (2007)
Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane (2007) (V)
... a.k.a. Flight of the Living Dead (USA: new title)
Highlander: The Search for Vengeance (2007) (V)
Everest E.R. (2006)
Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior (2006) (TV)
The World According to Sesame Street (2006)
Ten Days That Unexpectedly Changed America: Massacre at Mystic (2006) (TV)
She's the Man (2006)
... a.k.a. L'homme c'est elle (Canada: French title)
Tom and Jerry: The Fast and the Furry (2005) (V)
Enter the Dragonfly (2005)
San wa (2005)
... a.k.a. Shen hua (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
... a.k.a. The Myth (International: English title)
A Really Big Problem (2005)
One Six Right (2005)
Come as You Are (2005)
"The American Experience" (1 episode, 2005)
The Great Transatlantic Cable (2005) TV episode
Reefer Madness: The Movie Musical (2005)
... a.k.a. Kifferwahn (Germany)
Perceptions (2005) (co-composer)
... a.k.a. Dangerous Perceptions (USA: new title)
The Four Chaplains: Sacrifice at Sea (2004) (TV)
A Remarkable Promise (2004)
Voices from the List (2004) (V)
Burma Bridge Busters (2003) (TV)
Charlie's War (2003)
Red Trousers: The Life of the Hong Kong Stuntmen (2003)
... a.k.a. Hong ku zi (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
... a.k.a. Hung fu zi (Hong Kong: Cantonese title)
Who's Your Daddy? (2003/I) (V)
Price for Peace (2002)
The Black Magic (2002)
A Salute to Robert Altman, an American Maverick (2002) (TV)
"American Family" (2002) TV series (unknown episodes)
... a.k.a. "American Family: Journey of Dreams" (USA: second season title)
Vacuums (2002)
... a.k.a. Stealing Bess (USA: video title)
Shoot! (2001)
Nine Dog Christmas (2001) (V)
Forbidden City (2001)
Leui ting jin ging (2000)
... a.k.a. China Strike Force (Hong Kong: English title) (USA)
... a.k.a. Lei ting zhan jing (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
"That's Life" (2 episodes, 2000)
The Screw-Up (2000) TV episode
Pilot (2000) TV episode
Rock, Paper, Scissors (2000)
Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer (2000) (TV)
Brightness (2000)
NetAid (1999) (TV)
"Sabrina the Animated Series" (1999) TV series (unknown episodes)
... a.k.a. "Sabrina" (USA: short title)
The Brothers Flub (1999) (TV)
Storm (1999) (V)
... a.k.a. Storm Trackers
Dak ging san yan lui (1999)
... a.k.a. Gen-X Cops (Hong Kong: English title) (International: English title: literal title)
... a.k.a. Te jing xin ren lei (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
Clowns (1999)
The Water Ghost (1998)
Wo shi shei (1998)
... a.k.a. Jackie Chan's Who Am I? (USA: cable TV title)
... a.k.a. Who Am I?
"Fat Dog Mendoza" (1998) TV series
Moses: Egypt's Great Prince (1998) (V)
"Toonsylvania" (1998) TV series (unknown episodes)
... a.k.a. "Steven Spielberg Presents Toonsylvania"
The Secret of Mulan (1998) (V)
The Magic Pearl (1997)
The Lost Children of Berlin (1997)
The Secret of Anastasia (1997) (V)
Muppet Treasure Island (1996) (VG)
"Bruno the Kid" (1996) TV series (unknown episodes)
"Tales from the Crypt" (1 episode, 1996)
... a.k.a. "HBO's Tales from the Crypt"
The Third Pig (1996) TV episode
Ging chaat goo si 4: Ji gaan daan yam mo (1996)
... a.k.a. Jackie Chan's First Strike (USA)
... a.k.a. Jing cha gu shi 4: Zhi jian dan ren wu (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
... a.k.a. Police Story 4: First Strike (Hong Kong: English title)
Bruno the Kid: The Animated Movie (1996) (V)
Siegfried & Roy: Masters of the Impossible (1996) (V)
"The Twisted Adventures of Felix the Cat" (1995) TV series
... a.k.a. "The Twisted Tales of Felix the Cat" (USA: cable TV title)
Hung fan au (1995)
... a.k.a. Rumble in the Bronx (Hong Kong: English title) (USA)
... a.k.a. Hong fan ou (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
... a.k.a. Red Bronx
... a.k.a. Zizanie dans le Bronx (Canada: French title)
Natural Causes (1994)
Black Belt Angels (1994)
"The Shnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show" (1993) TV series (unknown episodes)
Nick and Noel (1993) (TV)
Animated Classic Showcase (1993) (TV)
Return to Zork (1993) (VG)
"Eek! the Cat" (1992) TV series (unknown episodes)
... a.k.a. "Eek! and the Terrible Thunderlizards"
... a.k.a. "Eek!stravaganza"
"Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures" (1992) TV series (unknown episodes)
Spellcaster (1992)
The Kiss (1992)
"China Beach" (2 episodes, 1990)
A Rumor of Peace (1990) TV episode
Holly's Choice (1990) TV episode
"Encyclopedia Brown" (1989) TV series (unknown episodes)
Screwball Hotel (1988)
Music department
2000s
1990s
1980s
One Six Right (2005) (orchestrator)
Sabrina: The Animated Series (composer: additional music) (22 episodes, 1999)
... a.k.a. "Sabrina" (USA: short title)
"Anywhere But Here" (1999) TV episode (composer: additional music)
Boogie Shoes (1999) TV episode (composer: additional music)
Boy Meets Bike (1999) TV episode (composer: additional music)
Extreme Harvey (1999) TV episode (composer: additional music)
Feats of Clay (1999) TV episode (composer: additional music)
The Last Days (1998) (associate composer) (orchestrator)
Flesh Gordon Meets the Cosmic Cheerleaders (1989) (composer: additional music)
... a.k.a. Flesh Gordon 2
Soundtrack:
Wo shi shei (1998) (writer: "Friendship")
... a.k.a. Jackie Chan's Who Am I? (USA: cable TV title)
... a.k.a. Who Am I?
Hung fan au (1995) (writer: "You Are The One")
... a.k.a. Rumble in the Bronx (Hong Kong: English title) (USA)
... a.k.a. Hong fan ou (Hong Kong: Mandarin title)
... a.k.a. Red Bronx
... a.k.a. Zizanie dans le Bronx (Canada: French title)
Actor:
Who's Your Daddy? (2003/I) (V) .... The Arnold Horshack Experience
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
21st-century American composers
21st-century American male musicians
Alumni of the University of Oxford
American film score composers
American male film score composers
American musicians of Chinese descent
American television composers
Musicians from Los Angeles
Peking University faculty
Pomona College alumni
Lionel Bailey Budden FRIBA (1887, West Derby, Liverpool – 21 July 1956, Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire) was an English architect.
Born to William Budden and Elizabeth Adams, Budden attended Merchant Taylors' School, Crosby. From 1933 Budden was Roscoe Professor in Architecture in the Liverpool University School of Architecture. He retired in 1952.
He had entered the School in 1905, graduated from BA in 1909 and MA in 1910, taught there from 1911 and became Associate Professor in 1924. It was while he was Associate Professor that he contributed the article on Architectural Education to the fourteenth edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica (1929).
He had been University of Liverpool travelling Scholar in Architecture in 1909, and a student at the British School at Athens 1909-1912. He was first an Associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects (ARIBA), later becoming a Fellow (FRIBA).
His architectural work included Birkenhead War Memorial and Liverpool Cenotaph; Liverpool Veterinary Hospital and extensions to Liverpool University Students' Union.
He had married in 1921 Maud Fraser, later known as the creator of Curly Wee, a comic strip for children (1937-1967), and had one son, the opera scholar Julian Budden, and one daughter.
For his Encyclopædia Britannica article, published shortly before the passing of the Architects (Registration) Act, 1931 see: Architectural education in the United Kingdom (19c-20c). His School, Liverpool, was one of those listed in the Act for the purpose of constituting the statutory Board of Architectural Education.
References
1877 births
1956 deaths
Architects Registration in the United Kingdom|Sort
Architecture_educators
Academics of the University of Liverpool
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
Architects from Liverpool
Associates of the Royal Institute of British Architects
Fellows of the Royal Institute of British Architects
People educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Crosby
Lipniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Masonda Ketada Olivier was a Congolese national who died after being assaulted in the Indian city of New Delhi on the night of 22 May 2016. Olivier had been in New Delhi as a student, and also taught French in a language school in the city.
On the night of his death, he is said to have been returning from a party with his friends, and attempted to hail an autorickshaw in the Vasant Kunj suburb of Delhi when he got into an altercation with some local men, who then assaulted Olivier. He was rescued by another group of local people and taken to AIIMS, but succumbed to his injuries on the way.
Olivier's death precipitated a crisis of international relations between India and a number of nations within the African continent, who highlighted the incident as an example of racism in India. India's external affairs minister put out a statement condemning the attack, but also noting the attack was not racist. Diplomats from a number of African nations threatened to boycott the official Indian government celebrations of Africa Day in New Delhi. This prompted interventions and assurances from the Indian government assuring safety of African nationals in India.
Stores belonging to Indians in Congo were attacked a few days after the incident, and a group of Africans was assaulted on May 28. India's Catholic bishops condemned the attacks.
References
External links
India Today report on Masonda Ketada Olivier's death
Democratic Republic of the Congo murder victims
Murder in Delhi
Racism in India
Anti-black racism in Asia
Democratic Republic of the Congo–India relations
Murder in India
2016 murders in Asia
2016 murders in India
Marynin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Idropranolol is a beta blocker that was never marketed.
References
Beta blockers
Abandoned drugs
N-isopropyl-phenoxypropanolamines
Ashian Daniel (born 20 February 2001) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Nondescripts Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Premier League Tournament on 15 August 2020. Prior to his first-class debut, he was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He made his Twenty20 debut on 4 March 2021, for Nondescripts Cricket Club in the 2020–21 SLC Twenty20 Tournament. He made his List A debut on 24 March 2021, for Nondescripts Cricket Club in the 2020–21 Major Clubs Limited Over Tournament.
In August 2021, he was named in the SLC Greys team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. In November 2021, he was selected to play for the Galle Gladiators following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League.
In January 2022, he was named as one of six reserve players in Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Zimbabwe. In February 2022, he was named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against India. In April 2022, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) named him in the Sri Lanka Emerging Team's squad for their tour to England. In June 2022, he was named in the Sri Lanka A squad for their matches against Australia A during Australia's tour of Sri Lanka. In July 2022, he was signed by the Kandy Falcons for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Nondescripts Cricket Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Blue Stories is the fourth studio album from American singer and multi-instrumentalist Mindy Jostyn, released by Prime CD in 2002.
Background
Jostyn described Blue Stories as "an album of songs about people and their plights", adding that "I've tried to treat these people compassionately. I'd prefer the CD not be an experience in darkness - rather, one in a semi-pale shade of blue. Twilight blue, say, with a smattering of stars." Both "Don't Turn Away" and "East of Eden" feature Carly Simon on backing vocals, synth and percussion. The album also includes a cover of Simon's 1971 hit "That's the Way I've Always Heard It Should Be", which features lyrics by Jacob Brackman, whom Jostyn later married. Jostyn described the song as a "despairing view of marriage". "Rock City Road" features harmonica which Jostyn considered to be "train-style harmonica a la Sonny Terry".
Critical reception
Scott Alarik of The Boston Globe described Blue Stories as "a soft thrill of a CD". He added: "In a voice sparkling with wit and personality, Jostyn sings songs of loss and healing, all delivered with the eloquence that made her a favorite accompanist for Carly Simon, Billy Joel and John Mellencamp. Seth Rogovoy of The Berkshire Eagle wrote: "The album's folk-pop tunes have a strong Anglo-Irish folk influence, and the music veers towards barrel-house jazz on 'Empathetic Woman'."
Jay Miller of The Patriot Ledger praised Jostyn's lyrics on the album, which he found to be "witty commentary, incisive self-examination and moving depictions of the simple truths in life". C. Michael Bailey of All About Jazz described Blue Stories as "an exceptional solution of folk, blues, Dixieland, pop, rock, Celtic and country, all simmering into a truly distinctive sound".
Track listing
Personnel
Mindy Jostyn - vocals, ukulele (track 1), guitar (tracks 2, 4, 14-16), violin (tracks 2, 6-7, 9, 13, 15), tiple (track 2), accordion (tracks 3, 6-7, 10-11, 13), banjolin (track 3), penny whistle (track 3), piano (tracks 4-6, 8-9, 12-13), harmonica (tracks 5, 8, 12, 14), chimes (track 5), synth (tracks 7, 9, 15), mandolin (track 16), recorder (track 16)
Jacob Brackman - vocals (track 1), featuring (track 5)
Catherine Russell - backing vocals (tracks 2-4, 6)
Carly Simon - backing vocals (tracks 4, 6), synth (tracks 4, 6), percussion (tracks 4, 6)
Janie Barnett - backing vocals (tracks 9, 11, 16)
Dave Phillips - backing vocals (track 9)
John Putnam - electric guitar (tracks 2-3, 5, 14), ukulele (track 10)
Marc Muller - electric guitar (tracks 4, 9, 15), dobro (track 6), guitar (track 8)
Geoff Patterson - pedal steel guitar (track 9)
Stuart Kimball - acoustic guitar (tracks 9, 12)
Tommy Mandel - piano (tracks 5, 8, 13), synth (track 13)
Joel Diamond - piano (tracks 6, 11), Hammond organ (tracks 6, 12)
Aaron Heick - clarinet (tracks 8, 13)
Alfredo Scotti - bass (tracks 2-3, 6, 14), guitar (tracks 3-4), backing vocals (track 14)
Paul Adamy - bass (tracks 4, 8-12, 15)
Conrad Korsch - upright bass (tracks 5, 13)
Jeff Berman - drums (tracks 2, 5, 8, 10-11, 15), percussion (tracks 4-5, 9, 15)
Graham Hawthorne - drums (tracks 3-4, 6, 9, 12-14), percussion (track 15)
Rick Bausman - percussion (tracks 3, 14)
References
2002 albums
Mindy Jostyn albums
is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Nagoya, Aichi and graduate of Aichi University of Education, he was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1990 after teaching at local public schools. In 1996, he lost re-election but was elected to House of Councillors for the first time in 1998.
References
External links
in Japanese.
1943 births
Living people
People from Nagoya
Members of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Democratic Party of Japan politicians
Aichi University of Education alumni
Mount Berry is an unincorporated community contiguous with the main campus of Berry College in Floyd County, Georgia, United States, bordering the city of Rome. Mount Berry Mall, the shopping mall serving Rome, is in the Mount Berry area. It is part of the Rome, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The ZIP Code for Mount Berry is 30149.
History
Mount Berry was named after Berry College founder Martha Berry. The Georgia General Assembly incorporated it as a town in 1935. The town's municipal charter was repealed in 1973.
References
Former municipalities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Floyd County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places disestablished in 1973
The Molalla River State Park is located in U.S. state of Oregon. It is a few miles north of Canby, and half a mile from the Canby Ferry. The park is south of the Willamette River and east of the Molalla River, at the confluence of the Pudding, Molalla and Willamette rivers. The Pudding River flows into the Molalla from the west, just before the Molalla joins the Willamette. The floodplains of these rivers provide important habitat for waterfowl, wading birds, deer, small mammals, reptiles and amphibians. A blue heron rookery, one of the largest in the Willamette Valley, is located in Molalla River State Park.
Gallery
See also
List of Oregon state parks
List of rivers in Oregon
References
External links
Pudding River Watershed Council
State parks of Oregon
Parks in Clackamas County, Oregon
Tymko (Tomasz) Padura, also Padurra, (; 21 December 1801 – 20 September 1871) was a Polish Romantic poet of the so-called Ukrainian school, musician-torbanist, and composer-songwriter. Born in patriotic Polish noble family.
Padura's ballad of Ustym Karmaliuk "Beyond Siberia The Sun Rises" ("За Сибіром cонце cходить") achieved extraordinary popularity in 19th century Ukraine. It became a folk-song. He may also have written the song "Hej Sokoły", which is very popular in both Ukraine and Poland.
He was born in Illintsi and died in Koziatyn (then in the Russian Empire, now in Ukraine). He participated in the November Uprising.
References
See also
1801 births
1871 deaths
19th-century classical composers
19th-century male musicians
19th-century Polish male writers
19th-century Polish poets
19th-century Ukrainian poets
Composers for lute
Composers for torban
Historicist composers
Kobzarstvo
Polish lutenists
Polish male classical composers
Polish male poets
Polish Romantic composers
Romantic poets
Torbanists
Ukrainian classical composers
Ukrainian male poets
Otto Völker (2 March 1893 – 6 August 1945) was a German international footballer.
References
1893 births
1945 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
BFC Preussen players
Todd Bates may refer to:
Todd Bates (rugby league)
Todd Bates (American football)
Ieva Lagūna (born 6 June 1990) is a Latvian model. Lagūna participated in 2011 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Biography
Lagūna was born in Saldus, Latvia, and began her modeling career in 2007 when she was scouted during the MTV/B-day festival in Riga by Nils Raumanis, the founder of DANDY model management. She later signed with WOMEN model management in Milan. Her runway debut was at the Spring 2008 London fashion Week in the Burberry anniversary fashion show. In 2008 she signed with model agency Women Management Paris and SUPREME Model Management in New York. Laguna has since walked in shows for designers such as Shiatzy Chen, Christian Dior, Nina Ricci, Dolce & Gabbana, Victoria's Secret, Versace, Carolina Herrera, and Michael Kors.
Laguna has been featured on the cover of Vogue Germany, Vogue Greece, Rush magazine, Elle France, and Marie Claire Italy.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Latvian female models
People from Saldus
Bill Purcell (16 March 1905 – 11 July 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1905 births
1986 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Christopher Turner is an American politician from the state of Louisiana. A Republican, he represents the 12th district in the Louisiana House of Representatives.
Turner is from Ruston, Louisiana. He won a special election in February 2019 to succeed Robert Shadoin in the Louisiana House.
References
External links
Living people
People from Ruston, Louisiana
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Louisiana Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Teertage (Balochi, ) is town and union council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. During the floods of 2007 Gishkaur was badly affected - 285 households (1030 people) were impacted.
References
Populated places in Awaran District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Major-General Sir Donald Jay McMullen CB KBE DSO (1891 – 12 November 1967) was a British Army officer of the Royal Engineers. He served in both of the World Wars.
References
McMULLEN, Maj.-Gen. Sir Donald Jay', Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2008; online edn, Oxford University Press, December 2007 accessed 21 Nov 2010
External links
National Portrait Gallery
London Gazette
London Gazette
British Army generals
1967 deaths
1891 births
Royal Engineers officers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
British Army personnel of World War II
British Army personnel of World War I
IC 2149 is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Auriga. It is a small, bright planetary nebula with something to offer in telescopes of most sizes.
Characteristics
Visually it has an apparent magnitude of 10.6 and an apparent size of 12 arc seconds and like other objects of its class a nebular filter may help on its observation.
Its distance to the Solar System has been estimated to be around 1.1 kiloparsecs, having a total mass of 0.03 solar masses and being thought to have been produced by a low-mass star.
Some authors have proposed the planetary nebula that our Sun will produce will be similar to this one, but smaller.
The central star of the planetary nebula is an O-type star with a spectral type of O(H)4f.
References
External links
Planetary nebulae
2149
Auriga (constellation)
Dragon Gate is an unfinished business and culture center in Älvkarleby Municipality near European route E4. The idea was to create a place where Chinese and Swedish culture can meet.
The project was started in 2004, and the first stage was completed in 2008, when the center's museum was opened to the public. The tourist and culture activity at Dragon Gate is run by Eastern Expo Center AB. In 2016 the hotel was given the green light by Älvkarleby municipality to open.
Background
Dragon Gate (龙门, Lóngmén) was originally named Hotel Älvkarlen and was built in 1986 by the company Östanå owned by Älvkarleby municipality. 1988 the business went into bankruptcy and the following year the property was transformed into a refugee centre. 1992 Hotel Älvkarlen was sold for five million crowns to Erland Ågren and Eriks Friis and was renamed Checkpoint Dalälven. The property was resold in 2004 to the Chinese businessman Li Jingchun (李经春), from Zhejiang, who made a fortune from selling mosquito repellent.
Li Jingchun changed the name of the hotel to "Dragon Gate" and planned to rebuild the property to a venue for Swedish and Chinese businessmen to meet with support from Invest in Sweden Agency.
A Chinese square was constructed in 2007, adjacent to the hotel, and a statue of the Buddhist saint Guanyin was erected in 2005. One of the previous owners, Erland Ågren, was appointed Dragon Gate's first CEO. In 2008 Jonas Jonsson took over as CEO. He quit within a year. The current CEO is Kenny Li.
The plan for a Chinese-Swedish business center was changed to encompass a restaurant, a hotel, museum and a Shaolin monastery including a Kung fu-school.
By 2019 the hotel had still not yet opened. On August 31, 2018 it was announced that the real estate company Sisyfos had bought Dragon Gate.
Dragon Museum
Dragon Museum carry an overview of China, its development, nature- and culture geography and architecture. In a 150-metre arcade, the museum has the world's longest wooden relief, as a part of a larger photography exhibit.
The Terracotta Army
The museum has through its collaboration with a museum in Xi'an received about 200 copied terracotta soldiers in original size. These constitute an exhibition concerning the Terracotta Army and Chinas first emperor.
Bankruptcy
The companies with activities in Dragon Gate have had different owners. A former chairman of the board, James Guozan Shi, ran several companies until 2009, after which Li Jingchun and Shi parted. The companies went into bankruptcy, and the business was taken over by the current CEO, Kenny Li.
Criticism
The construction company Latep has been criticized for poor working conditions since the project began. Swedish Work Environment Authority have handled 13 matters concerning the construction and has imposed the company responsible, Latep AB, to pay a fine of 1.1 million crowns for violations of the Working Environment Act. In 2006 Dragon Gate was named the worst construction of the year by the union magazine Byggnadsarbetaren.
During the spring of 2008 it was reported that parts of the center had been built without planning permissions.
In Popular Culture
In December 2020, comedian Nigel Ng (also well known as Uncle Roger), visited and featured Dragon Gate in one of his Youtube video.
References
Printed sources
Notes
External links
Dragon Gate's website
2008 in Sweden
Museums in Uppsala County
Hamid Dawud Mohamed Khalil al-Zawi (; 1959 – 18 April 2010), known as Abu Hamza al-Baghdadi and Abu Omar al-Qurashi al-Baghdadi ( ), was the leader of the militant groups Mujahideen Shura Council, and its successor, the Islamic State of Iraq, which fought against US forces and their Iraqi allies in the Iraq War.
Biography
Abu Omar was born Hamid Dawud Muhammad Khalil al-Zawi in 1959 in the village of Al-Zawiyah, close to Haditha in Al-Anbar Governorate. He descended from the Qurayshi Al-Arajiyah. He graduated from the Police Academy in Baghdad and served as a police officer in Haditha. In 1993, he was dismissed from the police for Salafist ideology. After leaving the police, he worked at an electronics repair shop and served as the imam of the al-Asaf mosque.
Following the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the United States, he formed his own small insurgent group and took part in the Iraqi insurgency.
At some point, he was arrested after US forces searched his house on suspicion he was harboring foreign Arab fighters. He was transported to Al Asad Airbase and his computer was searched.
He pledged allegiance to Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad after meeting Abu Muhammad al-Lubnani and Abu Anas al-Shami. At this stage Abu Omar went by the kunya 'Abu Mahmud'.
One famous incident regarding Abu Omar is when he was traveling from Haditha to Baghdad by car with his family. Ahead of him was a militant escort vehicle that was exploring the road to check if there were American checkpoints. After the escort vehicle had pulled away, there was a checkpoint that stood in the road and forced him to enter the city of Hit for inspection. He was asked by one of the guards to show his identification card and he presented his Al-Arajiah notables identification card. The soldier was surprised and thought that Abu Omar was a Shiite. He said to him, "Sayyid how could you come to such a place, as these areas are filled with terrorists, and if they know about you, they will kill you." He told him there was news from Haditha stating there was a major terrorist who had left Haditha accompanied by his family, and that he was heading east, and they must search all the vehicles. He did not search the Abu Omar's vehicle and told the Americans there was no need to search him. Abu Omar was allowed to leave the checkpoint.
After his work in Anbar, he was transferred to Baghdad where he worked in the Shura Council and Shari'ah Council of the organization. His kunya at that time was Abu-Marwah. He was also in charge of security in Baghdad Province for some time. Afterwards, he became the governor of Diyala for the group.
Controversy over identity
In July 2007, U.S. military spokesman Brigadier General Kevin Bergner, claimed that Abu Omar al-Baghdadi did not actually exist, and that all of his audio statements were actually read by an elderly Iraqi actor.
The detainee identified as Khaled al-Mashhadani, a self-proclaimed intermediary to Osama bin Laden, claimed that al-Baghdadi was a fictional character created to give an Iraqi face to a foreign-run group. In March 2008, the spokesman for a rival insurgent organization, Hamas-Iraq, also claimed that al-Baghdadi was a fabrication made by Al-Qaeda to put an Iraqi face on their organization. However, US military officials later came to believe that the position of al-Baghdadi had been back-filled by an actual commander.
Reports of arrest or death
The Interior Ministry of Iraq claimed that al-Baghdadi was captured in Baghdad on 9 March 2007, but it was later said that the person in question was not him. On 3 May 2007, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said that al-Baghdadi had been killed by American and Iraqi forces north of Baghdad. On 23 April 2009, AFP reported that he had been arrested by the Iraqi military, and on 28 April the Iraqi government produced photos to prove it to skeptics. The claim was denied by the Islamic State in Iraq which according to SITE Institute released a recording of al-Baghdadi denying the government's claims. The Iraqi government continued to insist that the man captured was indeed Baghdadi, however tapes and messages from Baghdadi were released throughout 2009 and 2010.
Death
On 18 April 2010, al-Baghdadi was killed when a joint operation of US and Iraqi forces rocketed a safe house southwest of Tikrit. ISI Minister of War Abu Ayyub al-Masri and al-Baghdadi's son were also killed in the attack and 16 others were arrested.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki announced the killings of al-Baghdadi and al-Masri at a news conference in Baghdad and showed reporters photographs of their corpses. "The attack was carried out by ground forces which surrounded the house, and also through the use of missiles", al-Maliki said. "During the operation computers were seized with e-mails and messages to the two biggest terrorists, Osama bin Laden and [his deputy] Ayman al-Zawahiri", al-Maliki added. U.S. forces commander Gen. Raymond Odierno praised the operation. "The death of these terrorists is potentially the most significant blow to al-Qaida in Iraq since the beginning of the insurgency", he said. "There is still work to do but this is a significant step forward in ridding Iraq of terrorists".
Vice President Joe Biden said that the killings were "potentially devastating" blows to the terror network there and proof that Iraqi security forces are gaining ground. On 25 April 2010, a four-page statement by the Islamic State of Iraq was posted on a militant website early Sunday confirmed the death of al-Masri and Al-Baghdadi, saying "After a long journey filled with sacrifices and fighting falsehood and its representatives, two knights have dismounted to join the group of martyrs," the statement said. "We announce that the Muslim nation has lost two of the leaders of jihad, and two of its men, who are only known as heroes on the path of jihad." The ISI sharia minister, Abu al-Walid Abd al-Wahhab al-Mashadani, said the two leaders were attending a meeting when enemy forces engaged them in battle and launched an airstrike on their location.
He was succeeded by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who became the caliph of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
See also
23 April 2009 Iraqi suicide attacks
Abu Suleiman al-Naser
References
External links
1959 births
2010 deaths
Assassinated al-Qaeda leaders
Fugitives
Fugitives wanted by Iraq
Iraqi al-Qaeda members
Iraqi Islamists
Iraqi Sunni Muslims
Leaders of Islamic terror groups
Members of al-Qaeda in Iraq
People from Al Anbar Governorate
Tedis Ukraine (), earlier Metropolis Ukraine (), is the Ukrainian largest tobacco and related products distributor. In 2013-2015, it was de facto monopoly on Ukrainian tobacco market with 99% share of it; in 2020, its share decreased to less than 75%.
History
Metropolis Ukraine was founded in 2010 as a subsidiary of the Russian company Megapolis, owned by Russian businessman Igor Kesaev, after he purchased two largest tobacco companies of West Ukraine. In 2010, Metropolis Ukraine controlled 50% of the Ukrainian tobacco market.
In 2012-2013, international tobacco companies Philip Morris International, Japan Tobacco International, Imperial Tobacco and British American Tobacco switched from independent distribution in Ukraine to the distribution via Megapolis-Ukraine. These four companies produce 90% of cigarettes in Ukraine. Megapolis Ukraine purchased main other tobacco distributors of Ukraine and became de facto monopoly that controls more than 99% of the Ukrainian tobacco market.
In 2014, after annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, Russian companies in Ukraine, including Metropolis Ukraine, faced problems. In 2015, Kesaev's representatives announced that he had quit Ukrainian business. At the end of 2015, a part of Megapolis Ukraine was sold to Boris Kaufman, a businessman from Odessa.
In 2016, there was a scandal with Metropolis Ukraine, because Degtyaryov Plant, also owned by Kesaev, allegedly supplied weapons to the separatists in the War in Donbass. The warehouses of Megapolis Ukraine in six cities were blocked by activists. The company management claimed that Russian shareholders withdrew from it. After the scandal, the company changed its name to Tedis Ukraine.
Anti-Monopoly litigation
In 2017, Anti-Monopoly Committee of Ukraine (AMC) accused Tedis Ukraine of monopolizing the Ukrainian tobacco market. Tax evasion and terrorist financing have also been claimed. According to Prosecutor General of Ukraine Yuriy Lutsenko, in 2015—2017 there were 2.5 billion hryvnias that were transferred from Ukraine into Russia through several companies, including Tedis Ukraine, and “some of them were used to fund the terrorist organizations LPR and DPR."
In 2017, Tedis Ukraine was fined 300 million hryvnias after the court proceedings initiated by AMC, and in 2019 it was fined 3,4 billion hryvnias more. AMC announced its intention to forcefully split the company, but in December 2019 AMC lost the court with the company.
On February 2, 2021, the Supreme Court of Ukraine satisfied the claim of Tedis Ukraine and canceled the decision of the AMC in 2019 on the fine of Tedis Ukraine in the amount of UAH 3.4 billion.
Description
Tedis Ukraine is the Ukrainian distributor of international companies Philip Morris International, Japan Tobacco International, Imperial Tobacco and British American Tobacco, which make 99% of their sales in Ukraine through Tedis Ukraine. The purchased tobacco products are resold to 40-50 wholesale companies and 80,000 retail companies.
As of 2020, Tedis Ukraine had 35 regional branches with 2,500 employees. In 2016 году, it paid 9 billion hryvnias in taxes, becoming one of the five largest taxpayers of Ukraine. In 2013, Megapolis Ukraine's revenue was 27.5 billion hryvnia, and it ranked fifth in the Forbes Ukraine 200 largest companies of Ukraine.
As of 2017, among the owners of Tedis Ukraine were Boris Kaufman (47.22%), as well as British citizens Richard Duxbury (23.51%) and Richard Dorian Fenhalls.
References
External links
Retail companies established in 2010
Tobacco companies of Ukraine
Ukrainian companies established in 2010
Mary Augusta Wakefield (19 August 1853 – 16 September 1910) was a British composer, contralto, festival organiser, and writer.
Biography
Early life
Wakefield was born in Kendal, where her paternal ancestors had been members of the Quaker community before converting to Anglicanism. Her mother was from an Irish-American background. In the 1860s her father took over the family business, which included a bank and a gunpowder mill. He built Sedgwick House near the gunpowder mill a few miles outside Kendal. Her parents William Henry Wakefield and Augusta Hagarty Wakefield had four sons (including the cricketer William Wakefield) and two other daughters.
As a child, Wakefield learned traditional border folksongs from her nurses, which she later included in her collection Northern Songs. As a teenager she was sent to a finishing school in Brighton.
She studied in London with Alberto Randegger and George Henschel, and in Rome with Giovanni Sgambati.
Later life
Wakefield corresponded with and visited many musicians and writers, including Lucy Broadwood, J. A. Fuller Maitland, Herbert Oakeley, John Ruskin, John Stainer, and Maude Valérie White. Author Vernon Lee dedicated her short ghost story A Wicked Voice to Wakefield in 1887.
Music
Wakefield was an early member of the Folk Song Society (now the English Folk Dance and Song Society). She presented recitals throughout England, sometimes with Maude Valerie White. While in Rome in the 1880s, she socialised with composers Theo Marzials and Edvard Grieg. Grieg coached her on singing his songs and gave her an album of his compositions with this inscription: "Mary Wakefield with my best thanks for her beautiful songs. Edward Grieg. Roma. 1887."
Wakefield's musical compositions included:
Vocal music
After Years
Beyond All, Thine
Bunch of Cowslips
Children are Singing
Courting Days
For Love's Sake Only
Lass and Lad
Leafy June
Life Time and Love Time
Little Roundhead Maid
Love's Service
Love that Goes A-Courting
May Time in Midwinter (text by Algernon Charles Swinburne)
Milkmaid (text by Henry Austin Dobson)
Molly Maloney (text by Alfred Perceval Graves)
Moonspell
More and More
Nancy
No Sir!
Northern Songs (collection)
Queen of Sixty Years (for chorus)
Serenade
Shaking Grass
Shearing Day
Sweet Sally Gray
When the Boys Come Home
Yes Sir!
You May
Writing and lectures
Wakefield knew John Ruskin, whose many interests included music. Towards the end of his life she edited a collection of his observations on the subject, Ruskin on Music (1894). She presented lectures and wrote articles about various musical topics. Several of her articles were published in Murray's Magazine from July to December, 1889, under the title Foundation Stones of English Music . The topics of her lectures and articles included:
English National Melody in the 13th, i4th, and i5th Centuries: Monks and Minstrels
English Melody under Elizabeth, Including Contemporary Settings of Some of Shakespeare's Songs
English Melody in the i7th Century: Cavaliers and Roundheads
English Melody in the i8th Century
Irish National Melodies
Jubilee Lecture on Victorian Song
Madrigal Time
Scotch National Melodies
Shakespeare's Songs and their Musical Settings
Skene and Straloch Lute Manuscripts
Songs of Four Nations (England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales)
Songs of Handel
Songs of Schubert
Songs of Schumann
Festivals
Wakefield started several choirs in villages around Kendal, near her family home. In 1885, with her sister Agnes, she brought the choirs together for an outdoor festival to raise money for her local parish church St Thomas', Crosscrake, which had been built with support from her father. In addition to raising money for the church, Wakefield wanted to encourage local, amateur music and make music more important in English life.
Legacy
Her festival continues today as the Mary Wakefield Westmorland Festival, and has inspired similar music festivals in other English towns. When Wakefield died in 1910, the Association of Musical Competition Festivals created a Mary Wakefield medal to be awarded at English music festivals. The medal included an image of Wakefield and Martin Luther's quotation "Music is a fair and glorious gift from God."
In 2003, a plaque was erected at Wakefield Bank House, Stricklandgate, Kendal, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Wakefield's birth and commemorate her pioneering work developing English music festivals.
References
External links
download songs by Mary Augusta Wakefield
read Mary Wakefield: A Memoir by Rosa Newmarch
Mary Wakefield Westmorland Festival website
19th-century British women writers
20th-century British women writers
British women classical composers
British writers about music
19th-century British women singers
Music festival founders
1853 births
1910 deaths
Agaritine is an aromatic hydrazine-derivative mycotoxin in mushroom species of the genus Agaricus.
Occurrence
Agaritine is present as a natural phytochemical in fresh samples of at least 24 species of the genera Agaricus, Leucoagaricus, and Macrolepiota. Mushrooms of these species are found around the world. These mushrooms grow in a wide range of habitats; indeed, one species alone, Agaricus bisporus, is cultivated in over 70 countries and on every continent except Antarctica. A. bisporus, also known as the common button mushroom, is of particular socio-economic importance in developed countries.
Agaritine content varies between individual mushrooms and across species. Agaritine content (% fresh weight) in raw Agaricus bisporus, for example, ranges from 0.033% to 0.173%, with an average of 0.088%. The highest amount of agaritine is found in the cap and gills of the fruiting body, and the lowest in the stem. Agaritine oxidizes rapidly upon storage, however, and is totally degraded after 48 hours in aqueous solution with exposure to extraction with water or methanol and isolation from the extract by one of several methods. It has also been shown to decompose readily upon cooking (up to 90% reduction) as well as upon freezing (up to 75% reduction).
Toxicology
Studies of the potential toxicity of agaritine in humans are absent. In high amounts, it is used experimentally as a carcinogen. Agaritine is broken down by enzymes in animal kidneys into the toxic metabolites 4-(hydroxymethyl)phenylhydrazine and 4-(hydroxymethyl)benzenediazonium ions.
Biosynthesis
Agaritine is synthesized in the vegetative mycelium and then translocated into the fruiting body.
Industry
Extraction of agaritine from mushroom waste is conducted with water or methanol, and isolation from the extract is conducted by various methods. Total industrial syntheses of agaritine have been completed, with an 83% yield, and the overall yield of 33%.
See also
Agaritine gamma-glutamyltransferase
Genotoxicity
Gyromitrin
Monomethylhydrazine
References
Mycotoxins
Hydrazides
Primary alcohols
Amino acid derivatives
The president of the Bundestag ( or ) presides over the sessions of the Bundestag, the federal parliament of Germany, with functions similar to that of a speaker in other countries. In the German order of precedence, the office is ranked second after the president and before the chancellor.
The current office-holder is Bärbel Bas (SPD), who was elected during the first session of the 20th Bundestag on 26 October 2021.
Election and customs
The president of the Bundestag is elected during the constituent session of each election period after the federal elections or in a later session, if the office has fallen vacant, by all members of the Bundestag. The president has to be a member of the Bundestag. Until the election of the president, the session is chaired by the father of the House, the so-called Alterspräsident. Since 2017, this has been the longest serving member of the Bundestag; in 1949-2017, it was the oldest member of the Bundestag by age.
Usually, the president of the Bundestag is a member of the largest parliamentary group. This constitutional convention had emerged already in times of the Weimar Republic, but this is not required by law. The term ends with the election period, and there is no provision for an early removal. The term of the president can only end prematurely if they resign the position, leaves the Bundestag or dies. They can be reelected in the next election period provided they become a member of the Bundestag again.
Traditionally, the president of the Bundestag is elected uncontested. The only exception so far has been in 1954 after the unexpected death of Hermann Ehlers. Ernst Lemmer competed with the "official" CDU/CSU candidate, Eugen Gerstenmaier, and lost after three ballots with a difference of 14 votes (204 for Gerstenmaier, 190 for Lemmer, 15 abstentions).
Presidium of the Bundestag
The president of the Bundestag has several deputies, the vice presidents of the Bundestag ( or ), who are supplied by the other parliamentary groups. The number of vice presidents was not fixed in the Bundestag's Geschäftsordnung (rules of order) until 1994, when it was decided that each parliamentary group should be represented by at least one vice president. However, no AfD candidate for vice president has been elected for the 20th Bundestag. There is some controversy over this cordon sanitaire imposed against the far-right AfD, but the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany has ruled that even though the rules of order of the Bundestag give the AfD the right to a Vice-Presidential post, there is no obligation for any given member of the Bundestag to vote for any given candidate for Vice-President of the Bundestag and the office requires election by a majority vote of the Bundestag. Together, the president and the vice presidents make up the Presidium of the Bundestag.
In the current 20th Bundestag, the vice presidents are:
Aydan Özoğuz (SPD)
Yvonne Magwas (CDU/CSU)
Katrin Göring-Eckardt (Bündnis 90/Die Grünen)
Wolfgang Kubicki (FDP)
Petra Pau (Die Linke)
Legal background
The legal foundation for the office is Article 40 of the Basic Law which states that the Bundestag elects a president and vice presidents and is to give itself rules of order. Due to a 1952 Federal Constitutional Court decision, the Geschäftsordnung has to be enacted afresh in every election period, but usually the old rules are reenacted without change. The Geschäftsordnung specifies the duties of the president of the Bundestag and his vice presidents as well as their number.
Duties
The president's most important duty is to chair the sessions of the Bundestag. The president determines the order of speakers and opens and closes the debates, and ensures that debates take place in an orderly fashion. In the case of grave disruption, they may exclude a member of parliament for up to 30 session days. All draft legislation initiated by the Federal Government, the Bundestag or the Bundesrat is addressed to the president, as well as all submissions and petitions from within or addressed to the Bundestag. The president of the Bundestag also chairs the Council of Elders, which manages the internal affairs of the Bundestag. For the election of a new Federal president, the president of the Bundestag convenes and chairs the Bundesversammlung.
Additionally, the president receives the statements of account of the political parties, monitors party financing and regulates campaign cost reimbursement. The president also has police power over the premises of the parliament and oversees its police force, can veto any search and seizure there to protect the independence of the parliament, and acts as the employer of the Bundestag's public servants.
List of presidents
Political parties
Books
Michael F. Feldkamp (ed.), Der Bundestagspräsident. Amt - Funktion - Person. 16. Wahlperiode, München 2007,
References
Bundestag
Bundestag
Castle Lake may refer to:
Castle Lake (California), a glacially-formed cirque lake in Siskiyou County
Castle Lake (Idaho), an alpine lake in Custer County
Castle Lake (Nevada), a glacial tarn in Elko County
Castle Lake (Washington), a barrier lake formed by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens
Castle Lake (Park County, Montana), a lake in Park County
Castle Lake (Meagher County, Montana), a lake in Meagher County
Castle Lake, a reservoir in Henry County, Indiana
Lobsang Trinley Lhündrub Chökyi Gyaltsen (born Gönbo Cêdän; 19 February 1938 – 28 January 1989) was the tenth Panchen Lama, officially the 10th Panchen Erdeni (), of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism. According to Tibetan Buddhism, Panchen Lamas are living emanations of the buddha Amitabha. He was often referred to simply as Choekyi Gyaltsen.
Recognition
The Paṇchen Lama incarnation line began in the seventeenth century after the 5th Dalai Lama gave Chokyi Gyeltsen the title, and declared him to be an emanation of Buddha Amitaba. Officially, he became the first Panchen Lama in the lineage, while he had also been the sixteenth abbot of Tashilhunpo Monastery.
The 10th Panchen Lama was born as Gonpo Tseten on 19 February 1938, in Bido, today's Xunhua Salar Autonomous County of Qinghai, known as Amdo. His father was also called Gonpo Tseten and his mother was Sonam Drolma. After the Ninth Panchen Lama died in 1937, two simultaneous searches for the tenth Panchen Lama produced different boys, with the government in Lhasa preferring a boy from Xikang, and the Ninth Panchen Lama's khenpos and associates choosing Gonpo Tseten. On 3 June 1949, the Republic of China (ROC) government declared its support for Gonpo Tseten.
On 11 June 1949, at twelve years of age in Tibetan counts, Gonpo Tseten was enthroned at the major Gelugpa monastery in Amdo, Kumbum Jampa Ling monastery as the 10th Panchen Lama and given the name Lobsang Trinley Lhündrub Chökyi Gyaltsen. Attending were also Guan Jiyu, the head of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, and ROC Kuomintang Governor of Qinghai, Ma Bufang. Still in Lhasa, the Dalai Lama recognized the Panchen Lama Choekyi Gyaltsen a few years later, after they met.
The ROC wanted to use Choekyi Gyaltsen to create a broad anti-Communist base in Southwest China. The ROC's Kuomintang formulated a plan where three Tibetan Khampa divisions would be assisted by the Panchen Lama to oppose the Communists.
When Lhasa denied Choekyi Gyaltsen the territory the Panchen Lama traditionally controlled, he asked Ma Bufang to help him lead an army against Tibet in September 1949. Ma tried to persuade the Panchen Lama to come with the Kuomintang government to Taiwan when the Communist victory approached, but the Panchen Lama declared his support for the Communist People's Republic of China instead. In addition, the Dalai Lama regime was shaky, and the Kuomintang used this to their advantage to expand into the Lhasa regime of the Dalai Lama.
Early life
The Panchen Lama reportedly supported China's claim of sovereignty over Tibet, and supported China's reform policies for Tibet. Radio Beijing broadcast the religious leader's call for Tibet to be "liberated" into China, which created pressure on the Lhasa government to negotiate with the People's Republic.
At Kumbum Monastery, the Panchen Lama gave a Kalacakra initiation in 1951. That year, the Panchen Lama was invited to Beijing as the Tibetan delegation was signing the 17-Point Agreement and telegramming the Dalai Lama to implement the Agreement. He was recognized by the 14th Dalai Lama when they met in 1952.
In September 1954, the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama went to Beijing to attend the first session of the first National People's Congress, meeting Mao Zedong and other leaders. The Panchen Lama was soon elected a member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and in December 1954 he became the deputy chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. In 1956, the Panchen Lama went to India on a pilgrimage together with the Dalai Lama. When the Dalai Lama fled to India in 1959, the Panchen Lama publicly supported the Chinese government, and the Chinese brought him to Lhasa and made him chairman of the Preparatory Committee for the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Petition and arrest
70,000 Character Petition
After a tour through Tibet in 1962, the Panchen Lama wrote a document addressed to Prime Minister Zhou Enlai denouncing the abusive policies and actions of the People's Republic of China in Tibet. This became known as the 70,000 Character Petition. According to Isabel Hilton, it remains the "most detailed and informed attack on China's policies in Tibet that would ever be written."
The Panchen Lama met with Zhou Enlai to discuss the petition he had written. The initial reaction was positive, but in October 1962, the PRC authorities dealing with the population criticized the petition. Chairman Mao called the petition "... a poisoned arrow shot at the Party by reactionary feudal overlords."
For decades, the content of this report remained hidden from all but the very highest levels of the Chinese leadership, until one copy surfaced in 1996. In January 1998, upon the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the birth of the Tenth Panchen Lama, an English translation by Tibet expert Robert Barnett entitled A Poisoned Arrow: The Secret Report of the 10th Panchen Lama, was published.
Arrest
In 1964, he was publicly humiliated at Politburo meetings, dismissed from all posts of authority, declared 'an enemy of the Tibetan people', had his dream journal confiscated and used against him, and was then imprisoned. He was 26 years old at the time. The Panchen's situation worsened when the Cultural Revolution began. The Chinese dissident and former Red Guard Wei Jingsheng published in March 1979 a letter under his name but written by another anonymous author denouncing the conditions at Qincheng Prison, where the 10th Panchen Lama was imprisoned. In October 1977 he was released, but held under house arrest in Beijing until 1982. After his release, he was considered by the PRC authorities to be politically rehabilitated and he then rose to important positions. He served as Vice Chairman of the National People's Congress.
Later life
In 1978, after giving up his vows of an ordained monk, he travelled around China, looking for a wife to start a family. He began courting Li Jie, daughter of Dong Qiwu, a general in PLA who had commanded an Army in the Korean War. She was a medical student at Fourth Military Medical University in Xi'an. At the time, the Lama had no money and was still blacklisted by the party, but the wife of Deng Xiaoping and widow of Zhou Enlai saw the symbolic value of a marriage between a Tibetan Lama and a Han woman. They personally intervened to wed the couple in a large ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in 1979. One year later, the Panchen Lama was given the Vice Chairmanship of the National People's Congress and other political posts, and he was fully politically rehabilitated by 1982.
Daughter
Li Jie bore a daughter in 1983, named Yabshi Pan Rinzinwangmo (). Popularly known as the "Princess of Tibet", she is considered important in Tibetan Buddhism and Tibetan-Chinese politics, as she is the only known offspring in the over 620-year history of either the Panchen Lama or Dalai Lama reincarnation lineages.
Of her father's death, Rinzinwangmo reportedly refused to comment, allegedly attributing his early death to his generally poor health, extreme weight gain, and chronic sleep deprivation. The 10th Panchen Lama's death sparked a six-year dispute over his assets amounting to $US20 million between his wife and daughter and Tashilhunpo Monastery.
Return to Tibet
The Panchen Lama made several journeys to Tibet from Beijing, during 1980 and afterwards.
While touring eastern Tibet in 1980, the Panchen Lama also visited the famous Nyingma school master Khenchen Jigme Phuntsok at Larung Gar.
In 1987, the Panchen Lama met Khenchen Jigme Phuntsok again in Beijing, bestowed the teaching of the Thirty-Seven Practices of a Bodhisattva, and blessed as well as endorsed Larung Gar and conferred its name as Serta Larung Ngarik Nangten Lobling (gser rta bla rung lnga rig nang bstan blob gling), commonly translated as Serta Larung Five Science Buddhist Academy.
With the Panchen Lama's invitation, Khenchen Jigme Phuntsok joined him in 1988 on a consecration ritual in central Tibet, which became a monumental pilgrimage of sacred Buddhist sites in Tibet, among them the Potala Palace, the Norbulinka, the Nechung Monastery, then to Sakya Monastery and Tashilhunpo Monastery, and also to Samye Monastery.
Also in 1987, the Panchen Lama established a business called the Tibet Gang-gyen Development Corporation, envisioned for the future of Tibet whereby Tibetans could take the initiative to develop and join in their own modernization. Plans to rebuild sacred Buddhist sites destroyed in Tibet during 1959 and after were included. Gyara Tsering Samdrup worked with the business, but was arrested in May 1995 after the 11th Panchen Lama Gedhun Choekyi Nyima was recognized.
Early in 1989, the 10th Panchen Lama returned again to Tibet to rebury recovered bones from the graves of the previous Panchen Lamas, graves that had been destroyed at Tashilhunpo Monastery in 1959 by the Red Guards, and consecrated in a chorten built as the receptacle.
On 23 January 1989, the Panchen Lama delivered a speech in Tibet in which he said: "Since liberation, there has certainly been development, but the price paid for this development has been greater than the gains." He criticized the excesses of the Cultural Revolution in Tibet and praised the reform and opening up of the 1980s.
Five days later on 28 January, the Panchen Lama died in Shigatse at the age of 50. Although the official cause of death was said to have been from a heart attack, some Tibetans suspect foul play.
Many theories spread among Tibetans about the Panchen Lama's death. According to one story, he foresaw his own death in a message to his wife on their last meeting. In another, a rainbow appeared in the sky before his death. Other people, including the Dalai Lama, believe that he was poisoned by his own medical staff. Supporters of this theory cite remarks the Panchen Lama made on 23 January to high-ranking officials and that were published in the People's Daily and the China Daily.
In 2011, the Chinese dissident Yuan Hongbing declared that Hu Jintao, then the Communist Party Secretary of Tibet and the Political Commissar of the PLA's Tibet units, had masterminded the death of the 10th Panchen Lama.
According to the state-run Peoples Daily, the Dalai Lama was invited by the Buddhist Association of China to attend the Panchen Lama's funeral and to take the opportunity to contact Tibet's religious communities. The Dalai Lama was unable to attend the funeral.
See also
Panchen Lama
History of Tibet (1950–present)
Protests and uprisings in Tibet since 1950
14th Dalai Lama
References
Citations
Sources
Feigon, Lee. Demystifying Tibet: Unlocking the Secrets of the Land of the Snows (1996) Ivan R. Dee, Publisher. .
Goldstein, Melvyn C. The Snow Lion and the Dragon: China, Tibet, and the Dalai Lama (1997) University of California Press. .
Hilton, Elizabeth. The Search for the Panchen Lama (2000) W. W. Norton & Company. .
Kapstein, Matthew T. The Tibetans (2006) Blackwell Publishing. .
Laird, Thomas. (2006). The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama. Grove Press, New York. .
McKay, Alex (ed.). Tibet and Her Neighbours: A History (2003) Walther Konig. .
External links
The Panchen Lama's Last Speech: Full Text (Columbia.edu)
1938 births
1989 deaths
Panchen Lama 10
Tibetan people
Tibetan Buddhists from China
20th-century lamas
People from Haidong
People's Republic of China politicians from Qinghai
Political office-holders in Tibet
Vice Chairpersons of the National People's Congress
Vice Chairpersons of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Victims of the Cultural Revolution
"(It's No) Sin" is a 1951 popular song with music by George Hoven and lyrics by Chester R. Shull. This song should not be confused with "It's a Sin", another popular song of the same era.
First recordings
Popular recordings of the song were made by The Four Aces and Eddy Howard.
The recording by Eddy Howard was released by Mercury Records (catalog number 5711). It first reached the Billboard chart on September 14, 1951, and lasted 23 weeks on the chart, peaking at number 1.
The recording by The Four Aces was released by Victoria Records (catalog number 101). It first reached the Billboard chart on September 7, 1951, and lasted 22 weeks on the chart, peaking at number 4. This was The Four Aces' first charting record, and led to their receiving a contract with a major company, Decca.
Other recordings
Coleman Hawkins recorded it in October 1951 and Sidney Bechet recorded it with his All-Stars in January 1952 (entitled It's No Sin (Est-Ce Un Peche?)).
Knud Pfeiffer wrote the Danish lyrics. The Danish title is "Er det synd". Raquel Rastenni with Radiodansekorkesteret recorded it in Copenhagen in 1952. The song was released on the 78 rpm record His Master's Voice X 8043.
The song was revived in 1964 by The Duprees, a group that made a number of recordings of 1950s hits. This version peaked at #74 on the US Hot 100.
References
1951 singles
Number-one singles in the United States
1951 songs
Eddy Howard songs
The Four Aces songs
The United States Custom House, sometimes referred to as the New York Custom House, was the place where the United States Customs Service collected federal customs duties on imported goods within New York City.
Locations
The Custom House existed at several locations over the years. From 1790 to 1799, it was at South William Street, opposite Mill Lane, known as 5 Mill Street. From 1799 to 1815, it was in the Government House, roughly on the former site of Fort Amsterdam. From 1817 to 1834, it was in a converted bookstore and reading room on Wall Street at the east side of Nassau Street. That building was demolished for construction of a new Custom House at the same location, completed in 1842, which was designed by John Frazee, and is today designated Federal Hall National Memorial. From 1862 it was in the Merchant's Exchange Building at 55 Wall Street. In 1907 it moved into a new building, now called the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, built on the site where Government House sat earlier, on the south side of Bowling Green. The Customs Service signed a long-term lease with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey at Six World Trade Center in 1970, and moved the custom house there in 1973. After the World Trade Center was destroyed during the September 11 attacks in 2001, employees were moved to various places in Manhattan, Queens, and Elizabeth in New Jersey.
The Customs Service was split into several agencies in 2003. One of its successors, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, planned to return to the new World Trade Center, moving into One World Trade Center.
Importance
In the 19th century, the Port of New York was the primary port of entry for goods reaching the United States, and as such the Custom House in New York was the most important in the country. In 1853, for instance, it collected almost 75% of the custom revenue in the country. Until the passage of the 16th Amendment in 1913, which instituted a national income tax, the New York Custom House supplied two-thirds of the federal government's revenue. The amount of money passing through the Custom House made working there a prime position, and corruption was widespread. At one point, 27,000 people applied for 700 open positions in the Custom House.
Patronage
Until the civil service reforms of the late nineteenth century, all Custom House employees were political appointees. The President appointed the four principal officers: Collector of Customs, Naval Officer, Surveyor of Customs, and Appraiser of Customs. The Customs House patronage was the subject of great debate during the Rutherford B. Hayes administration, as Hayes attempted to establish a merit-based system of appointments, while Senator Roscoe Conkling wished to retain the spoils system, under which he controlled the patronage there. One Collector of Customs, Chester A. Arthur (1871–1878), later became President of the United States. Arthur was said to have made several times more income as a collector than he did as a lawyer, about $50,000 a year in his first three years in office.
References
Bibliography
Government buildings in Manhattan
New York City
Andrej Lanišek (born 13 October 1957) is a Slovenian biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Slovenian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Yugoslavia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
St Leonard's Church is a redundant church in Spernall, Warwickshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
Early history
The first documentary evidence of the church is in the 1190s, and much of its fabric, including the chancel arch, and some of the glass, dates back to the 12th century. Additions and amendments were made in the 14th century. The northwest corner of the nave was rebuilt in brick in the 18th century. The proch was initially timber-framed, but was rebuilt in 1802 and again in 1847. In or around 1844 the chancel, and the bellcote were added. The bellcote replaced and earlier pyramidal cap. Oak seating and panelling were installed in the church in 1935.
Architecture
The nave is constructed in limestone with some brick, and the chancel is in lias. The nave is roofed with old tiles, while the tiles roofing the chancel are from the 20th century. The plan of the church consists of a two-bay nave and a single-bay chancel with a south porch that was used as a vestry. At the west end is a single bellcote. The chancel measures by . The east window is a wheel window, and on the side walls are small round-headed windows. The nave measures by and contains two windows and a doorway in both the north and the south walls; the doorway in the south wall opens into a porch. At the west end is a two-light window. The communion rails date from the 18th century, while the font and other furnishings are later. The north door dates from 1535 and is described as "a work of national interest". The door was damaged in 1994 by vandals, but it still retains its original uprights and wooden tracery, and a ring pull set in a lion's mouth. At one time there was a sundial added in 1818, but this has disappeared. There is a single bell that was cast from the two bells present before the restoration of 1844. The church plate includes a cup hallmarked London 1655. The parish registers date from 1562, but are incomplete before 1666.
Recent history and present day
The church was closed and declared redundant in 1972. The Diocese of Coventry applied to convert it into a house but this was declined and in 1976 the diocese applied for demolition. The Friends of Friendless Churches and the Ancient Monuments Society took an interest in conserving it. At the time the Friends of Friendless Churches did not have sufficient funds to purchase it, and on 29 August 1980 it was bought by the Ancient Monuments Society. It is the only church to have been owned by this society. Repairs undertaken at this time included the rebuilding of a section of the nave, and the re-roofing of the chancel; this cost £4,000. Further repairs were undertaken in 2004 which included reconstruction of the porch and bellcote, using original material as much as possible, and the re-roofing of part of the nave roof. This cost about £25,000 and was paid for by the Friends of Friendless Churches. It is planned to carry out further work on the chancel in 2010. Since 1983 the artist Nicholas Jones has been using the church as a workshop.
References
12th-century church buildings in England
14th-century church buildings in England
Grade II* listed churches in Warwickshire
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
William Wynne (baptised 1692 – 16 May 1765) was a Welsh lawyer and author.
Life
Wynne, the youngest son of the Welsh civil servant Owen Wynne, was baptised at St. Margaret's, Westminster in 1692. His father, who served as secretary to Sir Leoline Jenkins and succeeding Secretaries of State, died in 1700. William Wynne was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1709, obtaining his BA degree in 1712 and his MA in 1723. He became a member of Middle Temple in 1712 and was called to the bar in 1718. He was assisted in his legal career by family ecclesiastical connections – John Wynne, Bishop of St Asaph from 1715 onwards, was a relative, and his father-in-law was a trusted adviser to successive Bishops of Hereford. Wynne was one of the lawyers who represented Francis Atterbury, Bishop of Rochester, in his trial in 1723 on charges of high treason. He also advised Edmund Gibson, Bishop of London in the 1740s, on legal matters concerning the marriage of Gibson's daughter. Wynne was made a serjeant-at-law in 1736.
Wynne's writings included Observations Touching the Dignity and Antiquity of the Degree of Serjeant at Law (1756) (written at a time when the position of the serjeants in the Court of Common Pleas was under threat), and The Life of Sir Leoline Jenkins (1724), using papers inherited from his father. He died on 16 May 1765 and was buried in Westminster Abbey seven days later. One of his sons was the lawyer Edward Wynne.
References
1690s births
1765 deaths
Members of the Middle Temple
Welsh barristers
18th-century Welsh historians
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Burials at Westminster Abbey
Serjeants-at-law (England)
The Perusine War (also Perusian or Perusinian War, or the War of Perusia) was a civil war of the Roman Republic, which lasted from 41 to 40 BC. It was fought by Lucius Antonius and Fulvia to support Mark Antony against his political enemy Octavian (the future Emperor Augustus).
Fulvia, who was married to Mark Antony at the time of the civil war, felt strongly that her husband should be the sole ruler of Rome instead of sharing power with the Second Triumvirate, especially Octavian. Her prominence in the ensuing conflict was unusual for Roman society, where women were excluded from power and their political contributions rarely documented.
Fulvia and Antony's younger brother, Lucius Antonius, raised eight legions in Italy. The army held Rome for a brief time, but was then forced to retreat to the city of Perusia (modern Perugia, Italy). During the winter of 41–40 BC, Octavian's army laid siege to the city, finally causing it to surrender due to starvation when the besieged realized reinforcements from Italy or the East were not coming. The lives of Fulvia and Lucius Antonius were spared, and Antonius was sent to govern a Spanish province as a gesture to his brother. Antony exiled Fulvia to Sicyon, where she died of an unknown illness in 40 BC. She was declared posthumously to have been the sole cause of dispute between Antony and Octavian, whose repaired alliance was symbolized by Antony's new marriage to Octavian's sister Octavia. This arrangement collapsed eight years later, and Antony and Octavian resumed their civil war.
References
40s BC conflicts
1st century BC in the Roman Republic
Roman Republican civil wars
41 BC
40 BC
Perugia
Kroonjuwelen - Hard Times, Good Times, Better Times () is a 2006 documentary film produced and directed by independent Dutch film crew Stunned Film.
This film premiered 11 October 2006 at the Paradiso in Amsterdam. The film is entirely spoken in Dutch, but English subtitles are shown.
On Saturday, 14 October 2006 the film premiered on national television, when it was broadcast by MTV Netherlands.
The film continues to receive screenings at film festivals around the World, such as at the Tate Modern in London, U.K. at the Street Art Exposition in 2008.
Synopsis
In the 2006 documentary "Kroonjuwelen" is a production of Stunned Film. A collective of designers, multimedia developers and filmmakers headed by Ivo Boerdam. The idea for the film was brought into existence at the Mokum Master graffiti reunion in 2004 in Amsterdam. An event where the graffiti writers of Amsterdam gather to redefine the art form. The film sheds light on the Dutch graffiti scene, specifically the scene in and around Amsterdam, with rare video footage dating from 1978 to 2005. Stunned Film follows various known graffiti writers and features interviews with well-known artists. The film covers the birth of Graffiti in the Dutch Capital from out of the punk and squatting scene of the city in the late seventies, and into the emergence of hip-hop culture in the Netherlands in the early eighties when graffiti in the Netherlands took to the trains, following the evolution of the art form up to modern artists.
Cast
AGAIN
ALIEN
ANGEL, member of the 'USA crew', appears in the book, not in the movie
DAZE
DE ZOOT
DELTA, member of the 'USA crew Diana Ozon
DR. RAT
HIGH
Hugo Kaagman
JAZ, member of the 'USA crew JEZIS, ''member of the 'USA crew
JOKER, member of the 'USA crew
QUIK
RHYME SHOE, member of the 'USA crew'''
VENDEX
ZAP
Music
KUBUS
DELIC
MEN-O-DEE
Release
The film was later released on DVD 14 May 2007. The DVD release comes in a 48-page linen hardcover book, which features several photographs from the early years of graffiti in Amsterdam.
See also
Dutch hip hop
References
External links
Kroonjuwelen official website at Wayback Machine
2006 films
2006 documentary films
Dutch hip hop
2000s Dutch-language films
Documentary films about graffiti
Dutch documentary films
2000s hip hop films
Graffiti in the Netherlands
The voltaic pile was the first electrical battery that could continuously provide an electric current to a circuit. It was invented by Italian physicist Alessandro Volta, who published his experiments in 1799. The voltaic pile then enabled a rapid series of other discoveries including the electrical decomposition (electrolysis) of water into oxygen and hydrogen by William Nicholson and Anthony Carlisle (1800) and the discovery or isolation of the chemical elements sodium (1807), potassium (1807), calcium (1808), boron (1808), barium (1808), strontium (1808), and magnesium (1808) by Humphry Davy.
The entire 19th-century electrical industry was powered by batteries related to Volta's (e.g. the Daniell cell and Grove cell) until the advent of the dynamo (the electrical generator) in the 1870s.
Volta's invention was built on Luigi Galvani's 1780s discovery of how a circuit of two metals and a frog's leg can cause the frog's leg to respond. Volta demonstrated in 1794 that when two metals and brine-soaked cloth or cardboard are arranged in a circuit they produce an electric current. In 1800, Volta stacked several pairs of alternating copper (or silver) and zinc discs (electrodes) separated by cloth or cardboard soaked in brine to increase the total electromotive force. When the top and bottom contacts were connected by a wire, an electric current flowed through the voltaic pile and the connecting wire. The voltaic pile, together with many scientific instruments that belonged to Alessandro Volta, are preserved in the University History Museum of the University of Pavia, where Volta taught from 1778 to 1819.
History
Applications
On 20 March 1800, Alessandro Volta wrote to the London Royal Society to describe the technique for producing electric current using his device. On learning of the voltaic pile, William Nicholson and Anthony Carlisle used it to discover the electrolysis of water. Humphry Davy showed that the electromotive force, which drives the electric current through a circuit containing a single voltaic cell, was caused by a chemical reaction, not by the voltage difference between the two metals. He also used the voltaic pile to decompose chemicals and to produce new chemicals. William Hyde Wollaston showed that electricity from voltaic piles had identical effects to those of electricity produced by friction. In 1802 Vasily Petrov used voltaic piles in the discovery and research of electric arc effects.
Humphry Davy and Andrew Crosse were among the first to develop large voltaic piles. Davy used a 2000-pair pile made for the Royal Institution in 1808 to demonstrate carbon arc discharge and isolate five new elements: barium, calcium, boron, strontium and magnesium.
Electrochemistry
Because Volta believed that the electromotive force occurred at the contact between the two metals, Volta's piles had a different design than the modern design illustrated on this page. His piles had one extra disc of copper at the top, in contact with the zinc, and one extra disc of zinc at the bottom, in contact with the copper. Expanding on Volta's work and the electro-magnetism work of his mentor Humphry Davy, Michael Faraday utilized both magnets and the voltaic pile in his experiments with electricity. Faraday believed that all "electricities" being studied at the time (voltaic, magnetic, thermal, and animal) were one and the same. His work to prove this theory led him to propose two laws of electrochemistry which stood in direct conflict with the current scientific beliefs of the day as laid down by Volta thirty years earlier. Because of their contributions to the understanding of this field of study, Faraday and Volta are both considered to be among the fathers of electrochemistry. The words "electrode" and "electrolyte", used above to describe Volta's work, are due to Faraday.
Electromotive force
The strength of the pile is expressed in terms of its electromotive force, or emf, given in volts. Alessandro Volta's theory of contact tension considered that the emf, which drives the electric current through a circuit containing a voltaic cell, occurs at the contact between the two metals. Volta did not consider the electrolyte, which was typically brined in his experiments, to be significant. However, chemists soon realized that water in the electrolyte was involved in the pile's chemical reactions, and led to the evolution of hydrogen gas from the copper or silver electrode.
The modern, atomistic understanding of a cell with zinc and copper electrodes separated by an electrolyte is the following. When the cell is providing an electrical current through an external circuit, the metallic zinc at the surface of the zinc anode is oxidized and dissolves into the electrolyte as electrically charged ions (Zn2+), leaving 2 negatively charged electrons () behind in the metal:
anode (oxidation): Zn → Zn2+ + 2
This reaction is called oxidation. While zinc is entering the electrolyte, two positively charged hydrogen ions (H+) from the electrolyte accept two electrons at the copper cathode surface, become reduced and form an uncharged hydrogen molecule (H2):
cathode (reduction): 2 H+ + 2 → H2
This reaction is called reduction. The electrons used from the copper to form the molecules of hydrogen are made up by an external wire or circuit that connects it to the zinc. The hydrogen molecules formed on the surface of the copper by the reduction reaction ultimately bubble away as hydrogen gas.
One will observe that the global electro-chemical reaction does not immediately involve the electrochemical couple Cu2+/Cu (Ox/Red) corresponding to the copper cathode. The copper metal disk thus only serves here as a "chemically inert" noble metallic conductor for the transport of electrons in the circuit and does not chemically participate in the reaction in the aqueous phase. Copper does act as a catalyst for the hydrogen-evolution reaction, which otherwise could occur equally well directly at the zinc electrode without current flow through the external circuit. The copper electrode could be replaced in the system by any sufficiently noble/inert and catalytically active metallic conductor (Ag, Pt, stainless steel, graphite, ...). The global reaction can be written as follows:
Zn + 2H+ → Zn2+ + H2
This is usefully stylized by means of the electro-chemical chain notation:
(anode: oxidation) Zn | Zn2+ || 2H+ | H2 | Cu (cathode: reduction)
in which a vertical bar each time represents an interface. The double vertical bar represents the interfaces corresponding to the electrolyte impregnating the porous cardboard disk.
When no current is drawn from the pile, each cell, consisting of zinc/electrolyte/copper, generates 0.76 V with a brine electrolyte. The voltages from the cells in the pile add, so the six cells in the diagram above generate 4.56 V of electromotive force.
Dry piles
A number of high-voltage dry piles were invented between the early 19th century and the 1830s in an attempt to determine the source of electricity of the wet voltaic pile, and specifically to support Volta's hypothesis of contact tension. Indeed, Volta himself experimented with a pile whose cardboard discs had dried out, most likely accidentally.
The first to publish was Johann Wilhelm Ritter in 1802, albeit in an obscure journal, but over the next decade, it was announced repeatedly as a new discovery. One form of dry pile is the Zamboni pile. Francis Ronalds in 1814 was one of the first to realize that dry piles also worked through chemical reaction rather than metal-to-metal contact, even though corrosion was not visible due to the very small currents generated.
The dry pile could be referred to as the ancestor of the modern dry cell.
See also
List of battery types
Salt water battery
Aqueous lithium-ion battery
Volta potential
References
External links
"The Voltaic Pile". Electricity. Kenyon.edu.
Lewis, Nancy D., "Alesandro Volta The Voltaic Pile".
Lewis, Nancy D., "Humphry Davy Electrochemistry".
Battery types
Alessandro Volta
Music for Artificial Clouds is an experimental instrumental album by The Young Gods.
Track listing
"Eregeen" - 6:40
"Oxiam" - 6:11
"Arcia" - 6:19
"Ophiushi" - 4:42
"Pompom Girl" - 6:16
"Iwasi" - 5:27
"Tangram" - 4:20
"Dew Point Five" - 8:13
"Double Moon" - 4:30
"Paucari" - 8:29
"Magnetosphere" - 4:27
"Sandvaten" - 4:46
Personnel
Glenn Miller - Mastering
Alain Monod - Keyboards
Franz Treichler - Vocals
Bernard Trontin - Drums
The Young Gods albums
2000 albums
Ipecac Recordings albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
Tobífera Formation () is a volcano-sedimentary formation of Middle to Late Jurassic age. The formation is crops out in the Magallanes Region in southern Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego of Chile, the Santa Cruz Province of southern Argentina, and in the subsurface of the Malvinas Basin offshore Argentina and the Falkland Islands.
Description
The bulk of the formation originates from silicic pyroclastic material during a period of bimodal volcanism in Rocas Verdes Basin, a rift basin. The Tobífera Formation is grouped together with other formations of similar age in Patagonia in the Chon Aike Province an extraordinarily large province of silicic volcanism.
Except for some western and southern exposures most of the formation is buried and known only from boreholes in the Magallanes and Malvinas Basins. The formation is equivalent to El Quemado and Ibañez Formations. Tobífera Formation has an up to thick Basal Clastic Complex, a sub-unit made up of conglomerate and sandstone. Tobífera Formation unconformably overlies metamorphic and igneous basement complexes of Cambrian age.
Deformation and metamorphism
Much of the formation is folded and faulted as consequence of the Andean orogeny. At Última Esperanza Province the formation metamorphosed first under greenschist facies and then under prehnite-pumpellyite facies conditions. Some rhyolites of Tobífera Formation were incorporated into Cordillera Darwin Metamorphic Complex. The incorporation of part of Tobífera Formation in the metamorphic complex was accompanied by deformation and metamorphism and occurred in the context of the Andean orogeny in the Cretaceous.
References
Geologic formations of Chile
Geologic formations of Argentina
Jurassic System of South America
Jurassic Argentina
Jurassic Chile
Jurassic volcanism
Tuff formations
Formations
Geology of Magallanes Region
Geology of Santa Cruz Province, Argentina
Geology of Patagonia
Geology of the Atlantic Ocean
The Braille pattern dots-124 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the two top dots and middle left dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top dots and the upper-middle left dot raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+280b, and in Braille ASCII with F.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-124 is used to represent unvoiced labial fricatives, such as /f/ and /ɸ/, and is otherwise assigned as needed. It is also used for the number 6.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-124 are Braille patterns 1247, 1248, and 12478, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 235, 1235, 2345, and 12345 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-124, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0124, 1247, and 01247 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 235, 1235, 2345, or 12345
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-124 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 言
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 3 + え/訁 = 云
- selector 4 + え/訁 = 亦
- selector 5 + え/訁 = 叟
- selector 6 + え/訁 = 袁
- 数 + え/訁/#6 = 六
- 比 + え/訁 = 高
Compounds of 言
- す/発 + え/訁 = 詈
- 龸 + え/訁 = 誉
- 龸 + 龸 + え/訁 = 譽
- ら/月 + え/訁 = 謄
- な/亻 + え/訁 = 信
- 仁/亻 + え/訁 = 儲
- え/訁 + て/扌 = 訂
- え/訁 + と/戸 = 訃
- え/訁 + ろ/十 = 計
- え/訁 + し/巿 = 討
- す/発 + え/訁 + し/巿 = 罸
- え/訁 + な/亻 = 託
- え/訁 + き/木 = 記
- え/訁 + め/目 = 訝
- え/訁 + ほ/方 = 訪
- え/訁 + の/禾 = 設
- え/訁 + そ/馬 = 許
- に/氵 + え/訁 + そ/馬 = 滸
- え/訁 + へ/⺩ = 註
- え/訁 + さ/阝 = 詐
- え/訁 + ぬ/力 = 詔
- え/訁 + り/分 = 評
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 = 詞
- え/訁 + せ/食 = 話
- え/訁 + け/犬 = 誇
- え/訁 + を/貝 = 誓
- え/訁 + は/辶 = 誕
- え/訁 + ゐ/幺 = 誘
- え/訁 + ひ/辶 = 誠
- え/訁 + こ/子 = 誤
- え/訁 + 宿 = 説
- え/訁 + つ/土 = 読
- え/訁 + い/糹/#2 = 誰
- え/訁 + た/⽥ = 課
- え/訁 + 火 = 談
- え/訁 + れ/口 = 諒
- え/訁 + る/忄 = 論
- え/訁 + よ/广 = 諜
- え/訁 + ま/石 = 諦
- え/訁 + ゆ/彳 = 諭
- え/訁 + う/宀/#3 = 諺
- え/訁 + 数 = 諾
- え/訁 + 氷/氵 = 謁
- く/艹 + え/訁 + 氷/氵 = 藹
- え/訁 + ⺼ = 謂
- え/訁 + み/耳 = 謝
- え/訁 + か/金 = 謡
- え/訁 + え/訁 + か/金 = 謠
- え/訁 + も/門 = 謳
- え/訁 + 日 = 識
- え/訁 + ふ/女 = 譜
- え/訁 + 囗 = 議
- え/訁 + く/艹 = 護
- え/訁 + こ/子 + selector 1 = 訌
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 + ふ/女 = 誣
- え/訁 + 宿 + か/金 = 訐
- え/訁 + 龸 + お/頁 = 訖
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 訛
- え/訁 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 訥
- え/訁 + 比 + か/金 = 訶
- え/訁 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 詁
- え/訁 + selector 1 + ん/止 = 詆
- え/訁 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 詑
- え/訁 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 詒
- え/訁 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 詛
- え/訁 + 日 + す/発 = 詢
- え/訁 + よ/广 + れ/口 = 詬
- え/訁 + く/艹 + さ/阝 = 詭
- え/訁 + よ/广 + 火 = 詼
- え/訁 + き/木 + な/亻 = 誄
- え/訁 + selector 5 + か/金 = 誅
- え/訁 + け/犬 + へ/⺩ = 誑
- え/訁 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 誚
- え/訁 + と/戸 + 囗 = 誡
- え/訁 + こ/子 + く/艹 = 誥
- え/訁 + 宿 + つ/土 = 誦
- え/訁 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 諏
- え/訁 + う/宀/#3 + そ/馬 = 誼
- え/訁 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 諂
- え/訁 + 龸 + こ/子 = 諄
- え/訁 + そ/馬 + 宿 = 諍
- え/訁 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 諚
- え/訁 + 宿 + へ/⺩ = 諞
- え/訁 + う/宀/#3 + 日 = 諠
- え/訁 + 宿 + も/門 = 諡
- え/訁 + 宿 + む/車 = 諢
- え/訁 + 宿 + け/犬 = 諤
- え/訁 + 比 + 日 = 諧
- え/訁 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 諱
- え/訁 + む/車 + 宿 = 諷
- え/訁 + か/金 + ん/止 = 謌
- え/訁 + ひ/辶 + の/禾 = 謎
- え/訁 + 心 + selector 5 = 謐
- え/訁 + す/発 + か/金 = 謔
- え/訁 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 謖
- え/訁 + り/分 + ⺼ = 謚
- え/訁 + み/耳 + の/禾 = 謦
- え/訁 + 宿 + く/艹 = 謨
- え/訁 + 宿 + お/頁 = 謫
- え/訁 + む/車 + selector 2 = 謬
- え/訁 + 龸 + ま/石 = 謾
- え/訁 + く/艹 + か/金 = 譁
- え/訁 + 龸 + 火 = 譌
- え/訁 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 譎
- え/訁 + ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 譏
- え/訁 + 龸 + 日 = 譖
- え/訁 + 日 + ろ/十 = 譚
- え/訁 + 日 + け/犬 = 譛
- え/訁 + れ/口 + う/宀/#3 = 譟
- え/訁 + 宿 + 日 = 譫
- え/訁 + 宿 + ま/石 = 譬
- え/訁 + は/辶 + ら/月 = 譴
- え/訁 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 讃
- え/訁 + 龸 + つ/土 = 讌
- え/訁 + ぬ/力 + 宿 = 讒
- え/訁 + 宿 + み/耳 = 讖
- え/訁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 讙
- え/訁 + 宿 + を/貝 = 讚
- え/訁 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞫
- え/訁 + え/訁 + 心 = 戀
- え/訁 + え/訁 + む/車 = 蠻
- え/訁 + え/訁 + つ/土 = 讀
- え/訁 + え/訁 + す/発 = 變
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + え/訁 = 巒
- え/訁 + 宿 + て/扌 = 攣
- え/訁 + 宿 + き/木 = 欒
- え/訁 + 宿 + ⺼ = 臠
- か/金 + 宿 + え/訁 = 鑾
- え/訁 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鸞
Compounds of 云
- り/分 + え/訁 = 会
- い/糹/#2 + え/訁 = 絵
- こ/子 + え/訁 = 耘
- く/艹 + え/訁 = 芸
- く/艹 + く/艹 + え/訁 = 藝
- れ/口 + く/艹 + え/訁 = 囈
- え/訁 + に/氵 = 魂
- ち/竹 + え/訁 = 雲
- い/糹/#2 + ち/竹 + え/訁 = 繧
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + え/訁 = 紜
Compounds of 六 and 亦
- う/宀/#3 + 数 + え/訁 = 宍
- え/訁 + す/発 = 変
- え/訁 + 心 = 恋
- え/訁 + む/車 = 蛮
- み/耳 + え/訁 = 跡
- え/訁 + 比 + け/犬 = 奕
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + え/訁 = 迹
Compounds of 叟
- て/扌 + え/訁 = 捜
- て/扌 + て/扌 + え/訁 = 搜
- や/疒 + え/訁 = 痩
- ふ/女 + selector 5 + え/訁 = 嫂
- に/氵 + 宿 + え/訁 = 溲
- ふ/女 + 宿 + え/訁 = 艘
Compounds of 袁
- 囗 + え/訁 = 園
- く/艹 + 囗 + え/訁 = 薗
- け/犬 + え/訁 = 猿
- ひ/辶 + え/訁 = 遠
- む/車 + 宿 + え/訁 = 轅
Compounds of 高
- の/禾 + え/訁 = 稿
- ゐ/幺 + え/訁 = 縞
- ⺼ + え/訁 = 膏
- れ/口 + 比 + え/訁 = 嚆
- つ/土 + 比 + え/訁 = 塙
- や/疒 + 比 + え/訁 = 嵩
- は/辶 + 比 + え/訁 = 敲
- き/木 + 比 + え/訁 = 槁
- そ/馬 + 比 + え/訁 = 犒
- の/禾 + 比 + え/訁 = 稾
- 心 + 比 + え/訁 = 蒿
- か/金 + 比 + え/訁 = 鎬
- う/宀/#3 + 比 + え/訁 = 髞
Other compounds
- え/訁 + ん/止 = 円
- え/訁 + え/訁 + ん/止 = 圓
- う/宀/#3 + え/訁 = 寅
- 氷/氵 + え/訁 = 演
- ま/石 + え/訁 = 商
- ね/示 + え/訁 = 裔
- に/氵 + え/訁 = 沿
- ふ/女 + え/訁 = 船
- か/金 + え/訁 = 鉛
- 囗 + 宿 + え/訁 = 冏
- き/木 + え/訁 = 柄
- ゆ/彳 + え/訁 = 衛
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + え/訁 = 衞
- せ/食 + え/訁 = 餌
- そ/馬 + え/訁 = 駸
- り/分 + り/分 + え/訁 = 會
- け/犬 + り/分 + え/訁 = 獪
- ⺼ + り/分 + え/訁 = 膾
- く/艹 + り/分 + え/訁 = 薈
- せ/食 + り/分 + え/訁 = 鱠
- い/糹/#2 + い/糹/#2 + え/訁 = 繪
Notes
Braille patterns
is a Japanese organizational theorist and management consultant, known for his work on quality management, specifically on Kaizen.
Life and work
Born in Tokyo, Imai obtained his BA from Tokyo University in 1955, where he continued to do graduate work in international relations.
Late-1950s Imai worked for five years in Washington DC at the Japanese Productivity Center, where he was responsible to accompany groups of Japanese businessmen on visits to American plants. In 1962 in Tokyo he founded his own Employment agency for the recruitment of management, executive and research personnel.
In 1986 he founded the Kaizen Institute Consulting Group (KICG) to help western companies to introduce the concepts, systems and tools of Kaizen. In the same year he published, in Japan, the book on business management "Kaizen: Japanese spirit of improvement", which helped to popularize the Kaizen concept in the West.<ref>Mark Graban, Joseph E. Swartz (2012) Healthcare Kaizen: Engaging Front-Line Staff in Sustainable Continuous Improvements. p. 42</ref>
Work
Kaizen
Kaizen, Japanese for "improvement" or "change for the best", refers to philosophy or practices that focus upon continuous improvement of processes in manufacturing, engineering, and business management. It has been applied in healthcare, psychotherapy, life-coaching, government, banking, and other industries. Imai (1986) acknowledged that Kaizen starts with detection of needs and problem definition:The starting point for improvement is to recognize the need. This comes from recognition of a problem. If no problem is recognized, there is no recognition of the need for improvement. Complacency is the archenemy of KAIZEN.Ishikawa (1985) and Imai (1986) both defined the Seven Basic Tools of Quality. Looking back on the impact of Kaizen, Imai (1997) stated: 'Kaizen' means ongoing improvement involving everybody, without spending much money. When 'Kaizen' was first published here in 1986, many U.S. products were of poor quality, and Japanese-made products were gaining market share. Since then, American companies have made great strides in improving product quality, and much of that is attributable to their implementation of kaizen principles, which incorporate TQM.Selected publications
Imai, Masaaki. Kaizen: The key to Japan's competitive success. New York, itd: McGraw-Hill (1986).
Imai, Masaaki (1997-03-01). Gemba Kaizen: A Commonsense, Low-Cost Approach to Management'' (1e. ed.). McGraw-Hill
References
1930 births
Living people
Japanese business theorists
Japanese management consultants
University of Tokyo alumni
People from Tokyo
Rafiabad () may refer to:
Iran
Rafiabad, Fars
Rafiabad, Isfahan
Rafiabad, Kerman
Rafiabad, alternate name of Borz-e Rafiabad, Kerman Province
Rafiabad, Khuzestan
Rafiabad, Mazandaran
India
Rafiabad, India, a town in Jammu and Kashmir
Artomyces pyxidatus is a coral fungus that is commonly called crown coral or crown-tipped coral fungus. Its most characteristic feature is the crown-like shape of the tips of its branches. The epithet pyxidatus means "box-like"—a reference to this shape.
Artomyces pyxidatus can be observed throughout Northern Canada during the growing season. In Britain, it was recorded in 2011, almost 116 years after its previous reliable report, a collection made by mycologist Carleton Reale on 20 October 1886. Two subsequent records have been provided in Britain since 2011; one by Yvonne Davidson in Kent in 2018, and one by Cameron Ambler in East Sussex in 2021. It is widespread but uncommon in Western Europe. They are also widely found in the pine forest of Northeastern India (aka The Eight Sisters of India).
The fungus produces its hard, coral-like fruiting bodies on growing wood. The colour ranges from cream to semi-tan. The branches rise in ringlike arrangements resembling a crown. Basidia and basidiospores are produced on the surfaces of the branches.
These fungi are considered edible when raw, but are better cooked. The fungus is known to be served as meal amongst the tribal groups of Northeastern India since time immemorial. It is best served when fried with chopped potatoes. It is usually found in quantities too small to make a meal.
The sesquiterpenes compound pyxidatols A-C, tsuicoline E and omphadiol have been obtained from the liquid culture of this fungus.
DNA evidence and microscopy indicates that the species is closely related to members of the genera Russula and Lentinellus, as well as Auriscalpium vulgare. Other similar species include Clavulina avellanea, C. cristata, C. divaricata, C. piperata, and C. taxophila.
References
External links
Clavicorona pyxidata at Tom Volk's Fungi
Russulales
Fungi described in 1794
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Edible fungi
Taxa named by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon
Ernst Schmutzer (26 February 1930 – 20 February 2022) was a German theoretical physicist.
Life
Early years
Ernst Schmutzer was born in 1930 in a small village in western Bohemia, which at that time had been part of Czechoslovakia for slightly more than a decade. By May 1945, when the war ended, he had attended schools in three different local villages. The area was occupied by the Americans on 1 May 1945, and less than a year later the entire German speaking population had been expelled. Schmutzer's schooling continued across the border in Weiden. By the time he passed his school final exams in 1949 he had been relocated again, this time to Waren (Müritz) in the northern part of what had at the time been designated the Soviet occupation zone in what remained of Germany. A few months later, in October 1949, the occupation zone was re-founded as the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).
Career progress
He studied at the University of Rostock, obtaining his first degree in 1953 and his doctorate just two years later. His dissertation, for which he was supervised by Hans Falkenhagen, concerned Electrolyte. After this, in 1955 he obtained a position as a research assistant at the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena which is where in 1958 he obtained his habilitation (a higher academic qualification). He obtained a lectureship at Jena in 1959 and in 1960 a professorship (with a teaching contract) in Theoretical physics. From 1968 till 1990 he was in charge of the "Relativistic Physics" field at Jena, serving between 1974 and 1978 as Dean of the Mathematics, Natural Sciences and Engineering faculty. Between 1990 and his retirement in 1993 he was Rector of Jena's Friedrich Schiller University in succession to Hans Schmigalla.
Focus
Schmutzer was concerned with the Theories of Relativity and Gravitation. He investigated extensions of General relativity theory in a supplementary spatial dimension which he termed "Projective Unified Field Theory" ("Projektive Einheitliche Feldtheorie"), extrapolating from the ideas of Theodor Kaluza. This invokes five space-time dimensions including a massive supplementary scalar field which, according to Schmutzer, can serve as an explanation for the accelerating expansion of the universe identified in the 1990s (as a candidate for dark energy) and for the Pioneer effect. According to Schmutzer's theory the singularities of General relativity theory are smoothed, so that instead of a "Big bang" singularity, matter begins with a more gentle progression which Schmutzer termed an "Urstart".
Politics
Politics was peripheral to Ernst Schmutzer's career, but in the German Democratic Republic it was hard to entirely ignore the country's ruling Socialist Unity Party. He joined the SED (party) in 1949, but was then expelled from it in 1958. The official report contained the conclusions that Schmutzer was in a fundamental disagreement with Party Policy regarding the practical transformation of the university. Following months of discussions in which Dr. Schmutzer had shown total disregard for party policy regarding scientific work, the conclusion was reached that his membership in the party could only be damaging to it, and he was expelled from the party. Political exclusion turned out less damaging to Schmutzer's career than might have been anticipated. He was one of just a handful of Jena professors permitted to visit western universities as a guest lecturer. In 1967 he taught at Queen Mary College in London.
International reputation
Schmutzer became one of East Germany's leading theoretical physicists. An internationally recognised authority on Gravitational Physics, in 1979 he was able to celebrate Albert Einstein's centenary by attracting to Jena the "9th International Conference on General Relativity and Gravitation" which took place in July 1980. In Jena he created a School of Gravitation Physics, members of which include Hans Stephani, Dietrich Kramer and Eduard Herlt, and which has established a name for itself, most notably, with investigation of precise solutions for the Einstein field equations. Between 1980 and 1990 he was a principal editor of the scientific journal "Experimentelle Technik der Physik".
Schmutzer's published output includes a comprehensive textbook on Theoretical Physics as well as an Introduction to Relativity Theory.
His latest volume, "Fünfdimensionale Physik" ("Five Dimensional Physics"), appeared in 2009 and was republished in 2014.
Awards, honours and memberships
1969: Member Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
1977: Carus Medal and Carus Prize from the city of Schweinfurt (awarded by the Leopoldina Academy)
1978: Service Medal from the Charles University in Prague
1981: National Prize of East Germany
1990: Corresponding Member German Academy of Sciences at Berlin (till 1992)
1990: Member Academy of Practical and Applied Sciences at Erfurt
1991: Member Saxonian Academy of Sciences and Humanities
1995: Member Sudeten-German Academy of Arts and Sciences
2005: Name entered in the "Golden Book" of the City of Jena
In Jena Ernst Schmutzer was an honorary member of the Burschenschaft Arminia auf dem Burgkeller (Arminius Student Fraternity of the City [hostelry] Cellar).
References
1930 births
2022 deaths
20th-century German physicists
University of Jena faculty
East German scientists
Sudeten German people
People from Tachov District
Members of the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin
Pygora may refer to:
Pygora goat or its fleece
Pygora beetle
Joseph Biles Anthony (June 19, 1795 – January 10, 1851) was an American lawyer and politician from Pennsylvania who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for two terms, representing Pennsylvania's 16th congressional district from 1833 to 1837.
Life and career
Joseph Biles Anthony was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He attended public schools and Princeton College. He studied law, was admitted to the bar and practiced law. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 13th district from 1830 to 1833.
Congress
Anthony was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses.
Later career and death
After leaving Congress, he was appointed judge of the ‘Nichelson court', and engaged in the sale of titles to large tracts of lands in Pennsylvania. He was elected president judge of the eighth district in 1844 and served until his death in Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
He was buried in Williamsport Cemetery.
Notes
References
The Political Graveyard
|-
1795 births
1851 deaths
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Pennsylvania
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania state senators
Pennsylvania state court judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania lawyers
Politicians from Philadelphia
Princeton University alumni
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Venado Tuerto is an Argentinian diocese within the Ecclesiastical Province of Rosario.
History
On 12 August 1963, Pope Paul VI established the Diocese of Venado Tuerto from the Diocese of Rosario, which on the same day was elevated to an archdiocese and Venado Tuerto became one of its suffragan sees.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Fortunato Antonio Rossi (1963–1977), appointed Bishop of San Nicolás de los Arroyos
Mario Picchi S.D.B. (1977–1989)
Paulino Reale Chirina (1989–2000)
Gustavo Arturo Help (2000–2021)
Han Lim Moon (2021–present)
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Eduardo Eliseo Martín, appointed Bishop of Villa de la Concepción del Río Cuarto in 2006
References
Venado Tuerto
Venado Tuerto
Venado Tuerto
Venado Tuerto
East Tremont is a residential neighborhood located in the West Bronx, New York City. From the north and moving clockwise, it is bounded by East 180th Street, Southern Boulevard, the Cross-Bronx Expressway and Third Avenue. East Tremont Avenue is the primary thoroughfare through the neighborhood.
East Tremont is part of Bronx Community Board 6, and its ZIP Codes include 10457 and 10460. The area is patrolled by the NYPD's 48th Precinct. New York City Housing Authority property in the area is patrolled by P.S.A. 8 at 2794 Randall Avenue in the Throggs Neck section of the Bronx.
History
Part of East Tremont is sometimes called Bronx Park South, particularly the section that lies immediately southwest of the Bronx Zoo. At one time, the land encompassing the neighborhood was owned by the Lorillard Family, known for the Lorillard Tobacco Company.
Demographics
Based on data from the 2010 United States Census, the population of East Tremont was 43,423, an increase of 4,143 (10.5%) from the 39,280 counted in 2000. Covering an area of , the neighborhood had a population density of .
The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 1.4% (627) White, 29.4% (12,750) African American, 0.3% (110) Native American, 0.5% (229) Asian, 0.0% (4) Pacific Islander, 0.3% (150) from other races, and 0.8% (333) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 67.3% (29,220) of the population.
The neighborhood predominately consists of Latin Americans (East Tremont has one of the highest concentrations of Puerto Ricans in New York City) and African Americans. There is a small but growing Dominican population. Almost half the population lives below the poverty line and receives public assistance (AFDC, Home Relief, Supplemental Security Income, and Medicaid). Most households are renter occupied.
The entirety of Community District 6, which comprises East Tremont and Belmont, had 87,476 inhabitants as of NYC Health's 2018 Community Health Profile, with an average life expectancy of 77.7 years. This is lower than the median life expectancy of 81.2 for all New York City neighborhoods. Most inhabitants are youth and middle-aged adults: 29% are between the ages of between 0–17, 28% between 25–44, and 20% between 45–64. The ratio of college-aged and elderly residents was lower, at 14% and 9% respectively.
As of 2017, the median household income in Community Districts 3 and 6, including Crotona Park East and Morrisania, was $25,972. In 2018, an estimated 31% of East Tremont and Belmont residents lived in poverty, compared to 25% in all of the Bronx and 20% in all of New York City. One in six residents (16%) were unemployed, compared to 13% in the Bronx and 9% in New York City. Rent burden, or the percentage of residents who have difficulty paying their rent, is 60% in East Tremont and Belmont, compared to the boroughwide and citywide rates of 58% and 51% respectively. Based on this calculation, , East Tremont and Belmont are gentrifying.
Land use and terrain
East Tremont is dominated by five and six-story tenement buildings, older multi-unit homes, vacant lots, and newly constructed apartment buildings. Most of the original housing stock was structurally damaged by arson and eventually razed by the city. The land area, somewhat hilly, is less than one square mile.
There are two NYCHA developments located in East Tremont.
Twin Roads East (Site 9); one, 14-story building.
East 180th Street-Monterey Avenue; one, 10-story building.
Police and crime
East Tremont and Belmont are patrolled by the 48th Precinct of the NYPD, located at 450 Cross Bronx Expressway. The 48th Precinct ranked 56th safest out of 69 patrol areas for per-capita crime in 2010. , with a non-fatal assault rate of 152 per 100,000 people, East Tremont and Belmont's rate of violent crimes per capita is greater than that of the city as a whole. The incarceration rate of 1,015 per 100,000 people is higher than that of the city as a whole.
The 48th Precinct has a lower crime rate than in the 1990s, with crimes across all categories having decreased by 67.3% between 1990 and 2020. The precinct reported 15 murders, 29 rapes, 300 robberies, 461 felony assaults, 237 burglaries, 421 grand larcenies, and 150 grand larcenies auto in 2020.
Fire safety
East Tremont is served by two New York City Fire Department (FDNY) fire stations: Engine Co. 46/Ladder Co. 27 at 460 Cross Bronx Expressway, and Engine Co. 45/Ladder Co. 58/Battalion 18 at 925 East Tremont Avenue.
Health
, preterm births and births to teenage mothers are more common in East Tremont and Belmont than in other places citywide. In East Tremont and Belmont, there were 113 preterm births per 1,000 live births (compared to 87 per 1,000 citywide), and 30.4 births to teenage mothers per 1,000 live births (compared to 19.3 per 1,000 citywide). East Tremont and Belmont has a relatively average population of residents who are uninsured. In 2018, this population of uninsured residents was estimated to be 12%, equal to the citywide rate of 12%.
The concentration of fine particulate matter, the deadliest type of air pollutant, in East Tremont and Belmont is , more than the city average. Sixteen percent of East Tremont and Belmont residents are smokers, which is higher than the city average of 14% of residents being smokers. In East Tremont and Belmont, 36% of residents are obese, 22% are diabetic, and 32% have high blood pressure—compared to the citywide averages of 24%, 11%, and 28% respectively. In addition, 20% of children are obese, compared to the citywide average of 20%.
Eighty-one percent of residents eat some fruits and vegetables every day, which is less than the city's average of 87%. In 2018, 69% of residents described their health as "good," "very good," or "excellent," lower than the city's average of 78%. For every supermarket in East Tremont and Belmont, there are 37 bodegas.
The nearest hospitals are St Barnabas Hospital in Belmont and Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center in Claremont.
Post offices and ZIP Codes
East Tremont is covered by the ZIP Codes 10457 west of Prospect Avenue and 10460 east of Prospect Avenue. The United States Postal Service operates two post offices nearby: the Tremont Station at 757 East Tremont Avenue,
Education
East Tremont and Belmont generally have a lower rate of college-educated residents than the rest of the city . While 19% of residents age 25 and older have a college education or higher, 36% have less than a high school education and 45% are high school graduates or have some college education. By contrast, 26% of Bronx residents and 43% of city residents have a college education or higher. The percentage of East Tremont and Belmont students excelling in math rose from 19% in 2000 to 44% in 2011, and reading achievement increased from 25% to 30% during the same time period.
East Tremont and Belmont's rate of elementary school student absenteeism is more than the rest of New York City. In East Tremont and Belmont, 35% of elementary school students missed twenty or more days per school year, higher than the citywide average of 20%. Additionally, 61% of high school students in East Tremont and Belmont graduate on time, lower than the citywide average of 75%.
Schools
All are public schools.
PS/MS 3: Raul Julia (East 180th St and LaFontaine Av)
PS 23: Early Childhood (East 181st St and Washington Av)
PS 32: Belmont (East 183rd St and Belmont Av)
PS 44: David Farragut (East 176th St and Prospect Av)
PS 57: Crescent/Frederick Douglass Academy V (East 180th St and Crotona Av)
PS 58: Tremont Park (East 176th St and Washington Av)
PS 59: Bathgate (East 182nd St and Bathgate Av)
PS 92: (East 179th St and Clinton Av)
PS/MS 211: The Bilingual School (Fairmount Place and Prospect Av)
PS 300/MS 129/P10/IS 316: Twin Parks (East 180th St and Mapes Av)
MS 118: William J. Niles (East 179th St and Arthur Av)
MS/HS 231: Eagle Academy for Young Men (East 176th St and 3rd Av)
Library
The New York Public Library operates the Tremont branch at 1866 Washington Avenue. The branch, a Carnegie library designed by Carrère and Hastings in the Italian Renaissance style, was opened in 1905.
Transportation
There are no New York City Subway stations in East Tremont, though several bus routes connect with subway stations. The following MTA Regional Bus Operations bus routes serve East Tremont:
: to Riverdale or West Farms (via Kingsbridge Road/Broadway)
: to Fordham Plaza or The Hub (via Third Avenue)
: to Fordham Plaza or Port Morris (via Crotona and Prospect Avenues)
: to New York Botanical Garden or Riverbank State Park (via Southern Boulevard/149th Street)
: to Castle Hill or George Washington Bridge Bus Terminal (via Tremont Avenue)
: to SUNY Maritime College or Morris Heights (via 180th Street, Tremont and Burnside Avenues)
: to Gun Hill Road station or Third Avenue – 149th Street station (via Webster Avenue)
: to Throggs Neck or Morris Heights (via 180th Street, Tremont and Burnside Avenues)
The Metro-North Railroad's Harlem Line also serves East Tremont at the Tremont station.
References
Neighborhoods in the Bronx
Fratrovci Ozaljski is a village in Ozalj, Karlovac County, Croatia. It is situated 17 km from Karlovac. Before the signing of the Treaty of Trianon, it was part of Zagreb County.
References
Populated places in Karlovac County
The Flint & Pere Marquette Union Station, commonly known as the Potter Street Station, is a former railroad station built in 1881 and used until 1950 located at 501 Potter Street in Saginaw, Michigan, United States. It was designed by New York City architect Bradford Lee Gilbert. The station is 285 feet by 40 feet with 2½ stories.
Development and construction
Before the Flint & Pere Marquette Railroad came to Saginaw, the City of Saginaw was divided into two cities. Saginaw City (known today as the west side of Saginaw) was the oldest part of the city, and East Saginaw was later established. The two cities, at times, would rival one another. When the F&PM proposed their road through the cities, they planned to enter East Saginaw from the southeast near Brady Hill, and cross the river near Bristol Street. There would have been a depot on the east side where City Hall now stands, and another on the west side of the river.
Immediately the F&PM was faced with opposition from Saginaw city officials, claiming that their city should have the rights to the road since Saginaw was the oldest town. Their goal was to cut East Saginaw off from any rail service by recommending the road came in from the south and cross the river at Mackinaw Street, with a depot near Gratiot and Mackinaw Streets.
East Saginaw businessmen retaliated by encouraging the F&PM to cut Saginaw off completely by entering East Saginaw north of the business section. They then purchased a large tract of land near Washington and Potter Streets for a depot and terminals.
During its construction in October 1881, the Saginaw Daily Courier stated: "... the new depot is the largest railway passenger depot in the state. It is designed to be practical, substantial and businesslike. Nothing for mere ornamentation, ..."
By 1947, the Flint and Pere Marquette was gone, having been merged to form the Pere Marquette Railway in 1900, which was then purchased by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway. Three years later, C&O discontinued passenger service in Saginaw and in 1955, had plans to demolish the building with the intention of using the land for new offices and a warehouse. This never happened and thus, the station was used as a crew base until 1986, when C&O successor, CSX Transportation closed the station. It is currently vacant and owned by a non-profit organization called The Saginaw Depot Preservation Corporation (SDPC). The station was involved in an arson fire on April 16, 1991. The SDPC was able to obtain a grant from MDOT to repair the roof in 1993. The SDPC continues to apply for grants to stabilize and preserve the station.
The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 29, 1996.
Timeline
1857 - Railroad company formed in Saginaw to build a line from Pere Marquette, now Ludington, to Flint.
1859 - First rail of the Flint line is laid at a point near Washington and Potter.
1862 - Flint & Pere Marquette Railroad opens its first section of track from Saginaw to Mount Morris. The inaugural trip was on Jan. 20. One hundred Saginawians took the journey.
1881 - Potter Street Station is built. Railway passenger service was at its peak from the 1800s well into the 1900s. The birth of the automobile and improved highways and roads were the demise of the railroads.
1950 - Passenger service from the Potter Street Station is discontinued.
1955 - Chesapeake & Ohio Railways, owners of the Potter Street Station, suggest tearing down the depot in order to build a new warehouse- office building.
1964 - New York Central Railroad coach, Beeliner regional service, is the last passenger train from Saginaw. The train's daily run was from Detroit to Saginaw to Bay City and back. The New York Central depot was on West Genesee near Michigan.
1986 - Potter Street Station is closed by Chesapeake & Ohio successor CSX Transportation.
1988 - CSX Transportation, formerly Chesapeake & Ohio Railways, offers to sell the depot to the city of Saginaw for $1.00. The city declines the offer due to upkeep and liability.
1989 - City officials order CSX Transportation to demolish the Potter Street Station by September 1988. Area railroad and history enthusiasts develop rescue plans.
1989 - CSX sold depot to the Saginaw Depot Preservation Corporation for $10,000.
1990 - January - CSX transfer title to the Saginaw Depot Preservation Corporation.
1991 - Saginaw City Council proposed demolition of the depot under the city's Dangerous Buildings Ordinance.
1991, April 16–17 - Fire severely damages Potter Street Station.
1993 - January - Michigan Governor John Engler awarded a grant of $181,600 to the City of Saginaw for the stabilization of the depot upon application by the SDPC.
1998 - The roof was repaired.
2007 - A $1 million renovation grant was provided by the Department of Housing and Urban Development though the funds had a time limit for disbursement and the SDPC was unable to meet the deadline for the grant and it was never awarded.
Description
The East Saginaw Depot is a large two-story, red brick, hip-roof structure trimmed with stone. The structure includes both the depot proper and an adjacent boiler or power house. The depot is long and narrow, measuring about 285 feet in length and forty in width. The facades are nearly symmetrical, with three sets of bays (a square-plan central one flanked by slant-sided ones) which rise to an upper cross-wise hip roof, spanning the depot from side to side. Broad dormers with round-arch windows are set in the roofs. A central square-plan, pyramid-roof tower tops the entire depot. Exterior details include accent bands of darker-color brick at window-sill and -lintel level and above doorways, brick panel friezes with terra cotta work, and sawtooth brickwork panels above some windows. A single-story shed-roof canopy supported by large iron brackets surrounds the building. The adjacent boiler house building is a square, two-story hip-roof structure. The depot and adjacent building sit at one end of the main freight railyard used by the Lake State Railway out of Saginaw as the main line crosses Washington Street before going across the Saginaw River, reaching the diamond interchange on the border with the Saginaw city limits and Carrollton Township, then either proceeding through the Genesse railyard used by the Huron and Eastern Railway, back over the Saginaw River to head south to Flint, or along the riverfront to head west towards Breckenridge.
References
Gallery
External links
National Register of Historic Places listing
Flint & Pere Marquette Union Station page on Bradford Lee Gilbert website
Note-worth projects page on Vertin Valuation Services' website
Appointee of President Barack Obama's administration visits Saginaw, Flint, Detroit to learn about historic preservation efforts
Potter Street Station website
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1881
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Saginaw County, Michigan
Saginaw
Railway stations closed in 1950
National Register of Historic Places in Saginaw County, Michigan
1881 establishments in Michigan
Soundtrack of My Life is the fourth solo album by American singer-songwriter Nick Lachey, released on November 11, 2014. The album is a collection of cover versions that were featured on movie soundtracks.
Track listing
In Your Eyes - 4:15
Falling Slowly - 3:21
Here With Me - 4:17
Iris - 3:22
Angel - 3:26
Streets of Philadelphia - 3:43
I Don't Want to Miss a Thing - 3:38
When You Say Nothing at All - 4:06
What a Wonderful World - 3:29
Where Are You, Christmas? - 3:38
References
2014 albums
Nick Lachey albums
Adah Rose Gallery is a fine arts gallery in Kensington, MD, a suburb of Washington, DC and part of the Greater Washington, DC capital area. The gallery was established in 2011 and represents local, regional and national artists. The gallery is located at 3766 Howard Ave, Kensington, MD 20895.
Artists represented
The gallery represents several well-known national-level artists such as Jessica Drenk, Gregory Ferrand, Sheila Giolitti, Joan Belmar, and about a dozen others. In addition to monthly exhibitions in its Kensington space, the gallery also conducts "pop up" shows in various locations around the capital region area.
Critical Reception
As one of the few art galleries in the Greater Washington area which regularly participates in national art fairs, the gallery's exhibitions have received significant critical coverage in the press, and the national art fairs have given its exhibition program a wide international audience. Its shows are regularly reviewed by the major Greater Washington, DC newsmedia.
References
External links
Adah Rose Gallery website
Art museums and galleries in Washington, D.C.
Contemporary art galleries in the United States
Art galleries established in 2011
Art museums and galleries in Maryland
Women art dealers
American art dealers
Wilson's Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) south of the central business district of Hickory, a city in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States.
Facilities and aircraft
Wilson's Airport covers an area of 27 acres (11 ha) at an elevation of 985 feet (300 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a turf surface measuring 2,175 by 70 feet (663 × 21 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 11, 2011, the airport had 800 aircraft operations, an average of 66 per month: 94% general aviation and 6% military. At that time there were 10 aircraft based at this airport: 90% single-engine and 10% ultralight.
References
External links
at North Carolina DOT airport guide
Aerial image as of March 1998 from USGS The National Map
Airports in North Carolina
Transportation in Catawba County, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
Bogud (died 31 BC), son of King Mastanesosus of Mauretania, was a Berber joint king of Mauretania with his elder brother Bocchus II, with Bocchus ruling east of the Moulouya River and his brother west. An important ally of Julius Caesar, Bogud later supported Mark Antony in the power struggle between Antony and Octavian. He was deposed by his brother and was killed at the siege of Methone prior to the Battle of Actium.
Biography
Early career
Bogud was married to Eunoë. At an unspecified time he mounted an expedition along the Atlantic coast, seemingly venturing into the tropics. When he returned he presented his wife with gigantic reeds and asparagus he had found on the journey.
Support for Caesar
Both Bogud and Bocchus backed the Roman general Julius Caesar in his struggle against the supporters of Pompey the Great in Africa (49–45 BC). In an attempt to undermine support for Caesar, Gnaeus Pompey attacked Bogud's territory, but was driven back. This only provoked Bogud into full-scale action against the Pompeians. Caesar sent P. Sitius to aid Bogud in an attack on the territory of King Juba I of Numidia, whose army was advancing to join the Pompeians. Bogud captured the town of Cirta, forcing Juba to return home with his army, abandoning the Pompeians.
On Caesar's victory over the Pompeian forces led by Metellus Scipio at the Battle of Thapsus (on the coast of modern Tunisia) in 46 BC, Bocchus was given control of much of Numidia taken from Juba. Bogud also participated in the Battle of Munda, launching an important attack on the rear of the Pompeian army that provoked the Pompeians in a confused reaction that soon broke their forces.
Spain
During Quintus Cassius Longinus's governorship of Hispania Ulterior, a rebellion occurred which threatened Caesar's regime, which had never been popular in Spain. Cassius asked for support, which Bogud provided. However, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus intervened on Caesar's orders to mediate. Lepidus helped to restore order, but negotiated an agreement with the rebels. A surprise attack by Bogud's auxiliaries was defeated and Cassius was forced to resign. Bogud then withdrew back to Mauretania.
Support for Antony
After Caesar was assassinated in 44 BC, the two Mauretanian rulers took opposite sides in the split that developed in the Caesarian forces. Bogud supported Mark Antony, while Bocchus stood by Octavian (later the emperor Augustus). About 38 BC, Bocchus seized Bogud's territory while Bogud was campaigning in Spain and forced him to flee to Antony in the east. Bocchus then became sole ruler of Mauretania and was so confirmed by Octavian. Bogud died in Antony's Actium campaign, during the fighting at Methone. On his own death, King Bocchus II willed Mauretania to Octavian in 33 BC.
References
31 BC deaths
1st-century BC Berber people
Kings of Mauretania
Year of birth unknown
Hackett Tower, also known as Anadarko Tower II, is a 31-story skyscraper located in The Woodlands, Texas. It is currently the second tallest building in Montgomery County, Texas, after Allison Tower. It is certified under the U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design program.
Overview
Following the construction of Allison Tower in 2002 and the growth of Anadarko Petroleum, construction of Hackett Tower began in 2012 to house up to 1,700 employees and staff. The tower is named after James Hackett, the first CEO of Anadarko. Hackett Tower contains a full-service dining area and coffee bar. The building includes its own conference floor with dozens of meeting rooms in a variety of sizes. The fitness center features a basketball court, fully equipped gym and locker rooms. In addition, outdoor green space is included on the more than 7 acres of land on which the tower is located.
References
External links
Hackett Tower
Skyscrapers in Texas
Skyscraper office buildings in Texas
Office buildings completed in 2014
Gensler buildings
Calciano () is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Gallery
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Adam Stephens may refer to:
A character on Bewitched
A common misspelling of Adam Stephen, American Revolutionary War general from Virginia
Adam Stephens, musician in Two Gallants (band)
See also
Adam Stevens (disambiguation)
Carina Strobel (born 11 September 1997) is a German ice hockey player for the Memmingen Indians and the German national team.
She participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey defencemen
People from Landsberg am Lech
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Jankowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Taurpis Tula is a Glasgow-based band currently comprising David Keenan, Heather Leigh Murray and Alex Neilson. Initially a duo of Keenan and Murray (both of whom are listed with the surname "Leigh X" on their debut album), they expanded to a trio in 2005 with the Steel Rods Bruise Butterflies CDR on Chocolate Monk being the first document of this incarnation. They toured Europe in 2007 with The Skaters, in support of two further albums.
Discography
Sparrows LP (2004)
Steel Rods Bruise Butterflies CDR (2006)
Endless Alphabet of Light CDR (2007)
Cadillac Sitting Like A Ton Of Lead LP (2007)
External links
Bio @ All Tomorrow's Parties December 2006
Scottish rock music groups
Manjeshwar Govinda Pai (23 March 1883 – 6 September 1963), also known as Rastrakavi Govinda Pai, was a Kannada poet. He was awarded the first Rashtrakavi title by the Madras Government (Kasaragod district was part of South Kanara district of Madras Presidency prior to the linguistic reorganisation of States on 1 November 1956). Rashtrakavi M. Govinda Pai was the one who put Manjeshwara(now in Kerala) on the literary map of India.
Early life
Govinda Pai was born on 23 March 1883 in a Konkani Goud Saraswat Brahmin family at his maternal grandfather's house in Manjeshwar. He was the first son of Mangalore Sahukaar Thimmappa Pai and Devaki Amma. Govinda Pai went to Mission School and then went to Canara High School in Mangalore. For college education, Pai went to Madras (Chennai). Due to the sudden death of his father, he had to return.
Career
Govinda Pai was also a prolific prose writer. His earliest composition in prose was Srikrishna Charita (1909) which makes for remarkable reading. Govinda Pai narrated the story of Christ's crucifixion in his work Golgotha (1931). The next three panegyrics published by him; Vaishakhi, Prabhasa and Dehali, narrated the last days of the Buddha, God Krishna and Gandhi respectively; were a result of the huge success of Golgotha. His best works written in blank verse, viz., Golgotha (The last days of Christ, published in 1937), Vaisakhi (The last days of Buddha, published in 1946) and Hebberalu (The Thumb, the story of Ekalavya retold, published in 1946) have won a lasting place in the gallery of the greatest poets of Kannada literature. Gommata Jinastuti was his first published work. He introduced the sonnet form into Kannada. Hebberalu dramatises the story of Drona and Ekalavya, characters from the epic Mahabharata.
Govinda Pai also enriched Kannada learning with his historical studies and research. He was an authority on the chronology and history of Tulunad. His works also testify to his universal outlook as well as to his deep compassion for the poor and the downtrodden.
He was able to read and write fluently in 25 languages including Tulu, Malayalam, Sanskrit, Telugu, Tamil, Marathi, Bengali, Persian, Pali, Urdu, Greek and Japanese apart from Kannada, Konkani and English. He translated several Japanese works into Kannada.
Works
His poems collections are:
Gilivindu (1930) (parrot flocks)
His first collection ಗಿಳಿವಿಂಡು consists of 46 poems exhibits poets perspective towards life, his love for the country, his responsiveness to the nature around him and his love for Kannada.
Nandadeepa (The enduring lamp)
His Nandadeepa consisting of 37 poems, a tribute of devotion to God. Sri Pai's name will be remembered for ever in the realm of Kannada language as well as in the minds of Kannada people.
Hrudayaranga
His other works include
Hebberalu (On Ekalavya)
Chitrabhanu (On Quit India movement)
Vaishaki (About the last days of the Buddha)
Mannina Sogadu
Taayi
Awards and legacy
In 1949, the then Madras Government conferred on him the Rashtrakavi award. He was the president of Kannada Sahitya Sammelana at Bombay in 1951.
On his 125th birth anniversary, a national award was instituted in his name and his old house at Manjeshwar is mooted to be a national monument.
In Udupi near his native place, the Govind Pai Research Institute is established near MGM College of Dr. T.M.A Pai Foundation of Manipal institutions. Other centres in the vicinity are Yakshagana & Janapada Samshodhana Kendra, Kanakadasa Peetha and Tulu lexicon project.
Govind Pai was also acknowledged by the government of Kerala. The Govind Pai Memorial College is a part of Kannur University in Manjeswar is a testimonial for this.
Govind Pai attended the Intermediate Course at Government College, Mangalore. It was here that he had Panje Mangesh Rao as one of his teachers. Panje was another pioneer of the Modern Kannada literary renaissance. Govind Pai had once asked Panje for the text of two songs which Panje used to recite. Panje used to borrow literary journals from Govind Pai, who, even as a lad of 13, had developed a taste for books and had started subscribing to literary journals.
On the occasion of Govind Pai's 125th birthday celebration at Manjeshwar, the foundation stone for the 'Gilivindu Project' was laid. The Union government and state governments of Kerala and Karnataka jointly took the initiative to build a memorial by planning a project called 'Gilivindu' at an estimated cost of Rs 20 million, which will consist of an open amphitheater, venue for staging plays, art exhibitions, Yakshagana, library section, preservation of manuscripts, research, comparative studies, archives, guest house for scholars etc.
The Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) foundation would meet the expenses to renovate the Govinda Pai memorial building into a museum, library and an auditorium. The initiative was part of the ‘Gulivindu' project, launched by the Kerala and Karnataka governments, to develop the poet's ancestral house here into a national level centre of literature, culture, and research.
Though Govind Pai today exists for us in the form of his poems, plays essays and such other literary and non-literary works, his life was so full of events and his personality so impressive and his accomplishments were so various that they have been recorded by many writers who were captivated by them and these records also recreate his life for us. Govind pai's circle of friends and readers was so large that in the commemoration volume brought out in Kundapur in the year 1965 no fewer than 70 writers, all eminent and distinguished writers in their own merit, sketched the remarkable qualities of the genius that Govind pai was. Govind pai's rich personality, reflected in his works, gets further focus in these reminiscences.
Poetic composition in Kannada was largely conventional around the turn of the century. On the prescription of all poets invariably used to maintain the initial rhyme in versification. Govind Pai too adhered to this practice in the early stages of his career. His first poem "Suvasini" was published in the journal of the same name The first poems to be published in "Swadeshabhimani" were "Subhadra Vilapa" and "Kaliya Mardana". These poems had the initial rhyme. These rhymed poems were published in the journal Swadeshabhimani from 1903 to 1910.
But slowly Govind Pai began to ask whether initial rhyme was so essential to poetry. Sanskrit poetry and English poetry did not have this element but that did not detract from their merit. Once Govind Pai made bold to ask Panje Mangesh Rao about his opinion on giving up rhyme. He seemed to imply that writing without rhyme meant a lack of poetic skill. Govind Pai was not satisfied with the response. But he still hesitated to deviate from the trodden path. Some poems which he wrote without rhyme he destroyed. But when he was in Baroda in 1911 he finally made up his mind to renounce rhyme. But today Govind Pai's route of deviation has become the royal path.
Artefacts available at M Govinda Pai Regional Research Centre Udupi
See also
Kuvempu
G. S. Shivarudrappa
Rashtra Kavi Govinda Pai Samshodhana Kendra (Research Centre)
References
External links
GOVINDA PAI M., 1883–1963
M. Govinda Pai
Kannada-language writers
Kannada poets
1883 births
1963 deaths
Mangaloreans
People from Kasaragod district
Rashtrakavi
University of Madras alumni
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
Poets from Kerala
20th-century Indian male writers
is a Japanese voice actress who is currently affiliated with Stardas 21. She was formerly affiliated with Aoni Production. She has graduated from the Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts, which is a private college for women.
Filmography
Major roles are highlighted in bold.
Dubbing Work
Live Action Films
Inside Man - Madge (Kandiss Edmundson)
Live Action Television
Without a Trace - Linda (Season 5)
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Voice actresses from Nara Prefecture
Japanese voice actresses
21st-century Japanese actresses
Aoni Production voice actors
Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts alumni
The Vernadsky State Geological Museum is the geological museum in Moscow. Mineralogical collection was founded in 1755 and is now an earth science and educational centre of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
History
Mikhail Lomonosov had studied mining principles in Germany, concluding that "it is necessary to use not only books, but objects of Nature", and it was he who came up with the principals of the charter of Moscow Imperial University, founded in January 1755, and for the founding of its mineralogical collection. The following month the Demidovs presented "the Mineral Study of Genkel" to the university. This collection was exhibited to the public in 1759 in the library of Aptekarsky House in the Department of Medicine. In 1778 Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov donated his own collection, along with 100,000 roubles for its maintenance, to the university and the new Faculty of Natural History and Agriculture was named after him.
External links
Vernadsky State Geological Museum on worldwalk.info
Vernadsky State Geological Museum at Google Cultural Institute.
Museums in Moscow
1755 establishments in the Russian Empire
Geology museums in Russia
Moscow State University
Natural history museums in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Moscow
The 1998 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Don Nickles won re-election to his fourth term. Nickles won in a landslide, carrying all but one of the 77 counties in the state. The sole county Democratic candidate Don Carroll won was Haskell County.
Major candidates
Democratic
Don Carroll, air conditioning repairman
Republican
Don Nickles, incumbent U.S. Senator
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Oklahoma
1998
The Peacock class is a class of patrol corvette built for the Royal Navy. Five were constructed, and by 1997 all had been sold to the Irish Naval Service or the Philippine Navy.
Original use
The five ships of this class were originally part of the Hong Kong Squadron of the Royal Navy. The ships were built by Hall, Russell & Company of Aberdeen in the United Kingdom and were commissioned into Royal Navy service between 1983 and 1985. They were specifically built for service in Hong Kong with the 6th Patrol Craft Squadron; for work in tropical climates they were fully air conditioned and were capable of remaining at sea during typhoons. As well as ‘flying the flag' and providing a constant naval presence in region, they could undertake a number of different roles including Seamanship, Navigation and Gunnery training and Search-and-Rescue duties for which they had facilities to carry divers (including a decompression chamber) and equipment to recover vessels and aircraft. They also worked with the Marine Department of the Royal Hong Kong Police Force and with Customs & Excise to decrease the constant flow of illegal immigrants, narcotics and electronic equipment into the colony. For these roles each vessel could carry two Avon Searider SR5M rigid-hulled inflatable boats and a small detachment of Royal Marines.
Philippine Navy
HMS Peacock (P239), HMS Plover (P240), and HMS Starling (P241) were sold to the Philippines and were officially turned over to the Philippine Navy on 1 August 1997 after Hong Kong was returned to China. In Philippine service they are designated s, and have been considerably 'up-gunned' with a 25 mm M242 Bushmaster and two 20 mm Oerlikon guns.
The Philippine Navy undertook several phases of upgrades on the three corvettes, with the first one completed in 2005 replacing the old radar and navigation systems. The second upgrade involved the improvements on its marine engineering systems, and a third upgrade included the improvement of combat systems.
Irish Naval Service
HMS Swallow (P242) and HMS Swift (P243) were both sold to the Irish Naval Service in 1988. They were respectively renamed as (P42) and (P41), and were commissioned under their current names by then-Taoiseach Charles Haughey on 16 January 1989.
The two ships take their names from traditional Irish mythology: Órla, a grand niece (great niece) of Brian Boru, the 11th-century High King of Ireland.; and Ciara, a saint born in Tipperary around the year 611 AD. They replaced the three s, the last of which the Irish Navy had recently retired before the delivery of the Peacock class.
The two ships were decommissioned on 8 July 2022 and are due to be replaced by ex-HMNZS Lake-class inshore patrol vessels, ex Rotoiti and Pukaki IPV in 2023.
Operators
Irish Navy (ex-RN 1988–2022)
Philippine Navy (ex-RN 1997–)
Royal Navy (former 1982–1996)
See also
Emilio Jacinto-class corvette
Osprey 55-class gunboat
References
External links
List of patrol vessels in service
Irish Naval Service LÉ Orla webpage
Corvette classes
Patrol vessels of the Royal Navy
Ship classes of the Royal Navy
Katalin Kelemen is the first female rabbi in Hungary, where she was born. She studied for the rabbinate at Leo Baeck College in England, and was ordained in 1998. On March 7, 1999, she was inducted as the rabbi of the Sim Shalom Progressive Jewish Congregation in Budapest, Hungary. In 1999 she also attended a conference sponsored by Bet Debora, a Jewish women's initiative founded in 1998.
References
Women rabbis
Rabbis from Budapest
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of Leo Baeck College
Man-Made is the eighth studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, released on 9 May 2005. It was released on the band's own PeMa label in Europe and on Merge Records in North America.
Recording
Guitarist Norman Blake said, "We'd liked what John McEntire had done on the Stereolab records, so we got in touch with him. He was up for it, and suggested we come to Chicago. We hardly took any equipment, just some guitars and a pair of drumsticks. We even borrowed a guitar from Jeff Tweedy. I'm glad we did, otherwise we'd have been fucked. We'd have had to buy one!" The album was mostly recorded and mixed at McEntire's Soma Electronic Music Studios, with
additional recording and editing at guitarist Raymond McGinley's home studio in Glasgow, and at Riverside Studios in Busby near Glasgow.
Track listing
Personnel
Teenage Fanclub
Norman Blake – vocals, guitar
Gerard Love – vocals, bass
Raymond McGinley – vocals, guitar
Francis Macdonald – drums
Additional musicians
John McCusker – violin, viola
John McEntire – piano on "Only with You"
Technical
John McEntire – engineer, mixing
Tim Iseler – engineer (Soma)
Nick Brine – engineer (Raymond's house, Riverside Studios)
Annabel Wright – artwork
Peter Love – layout
References
Teenage Fanclub albums
2005 albums
Mourgana ( or Όρη Τσαμαντά - Ori Tsamanta, ) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece and southern Albania. Its highest elevation is 1,806 m. It is drained by tributaries of the river Thyamis towards the south by tributaries of the river Drinos towards the north and by the small river Pavllë to the west. There are forests in the lower areas of the mountain and grasslands in the higher elevations. The nearest villages are Tsamantas and Vavouri on the Greek side and Sotirë and Leshnice
on the Albanian side.
See also
List of mountains in Albania
List of mountains in Greece
References
Mountain ranges of Albania
Mountain ranges of Greece
Landforms of Ioannina (regional unit)
Landforms of Epirus (region)
WBPM (92.9 FM) is a classic hits radio station licensed to Saugerties, New York, serving the Mid-Hudson Valley and Catskills. The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting and broadcasts at 6,000 watts ERP from a tower in the Town of Kingston, New York, while its studios are in Beacon.
The WBPM calls were previously on 94.3 MHz from 1975 to 2003, that station is today known as WKXP.
History
92.9 MHz, Saugerties, New York was added to the FCC's Table of Allotments in June 1998. The allotment was applied for and won by then-WRNQ/WKIP/WTND owner Eric Straus. In its preparation to reach the air, its tower site changed from WDST's original tower in Lake Katrine to a defunct AT&T microwave relay tower site in the Town of Kingston, given that a feasibility study showed that from the former very little signal would reach the main target market of Poughkeepsie.
On September 15, 1999, the allotment was assigned the call letters WRKW, signed on for testing that October 23, and made a full launch on November 1, 1999. WRKW's launch format was a "Rock Adult Contemporary" format called Quality Rock which was automated and jockless outside of the syndicated Bob & Tom morning show. Later a voicetracked PM drive jock and the syndicated weekend show The Beatle Years was added. Considering that the same music was available on the far stronger WPDH, the station struggled to make a showing.
After Clear Channel Communications purchased Straus' stations in 2000, the format remained unchanged until 2002 due to contractual obligations to the firm that programmed the Quality Rock format. On June 26, 2002, at 10 AM, the station entered a 26-hour-long stunt of Eminem's "Without Me." The next day at Noon, WRKW relaunched as active rock 92.9 Rock. Unlike its predecessor, the station launched with DJ's taken from sister stations and a heavy promotion blitz and quickly became a middle-of-the pack radio station.
In March 2003, the syndicated Waking with the Wolf show began airing on the station. "The Wolf" had been on WPDH for several years before moving to WPYX in Albany, New York. This show did not live up to the station's expectations and was canceled 14 months later when the station changed formats again.
On May 26, 2004, WRKW changed format to oldies as Cool 92.9 and soon thereafter took the WBPM calls which had served nearly three decades on 94.3 FM and with air staff formerly of that station and oldies predecessor WCZX.
In late May 2006, it was announced that WBPM and sister station WGHQ would be swapped to Pamal Broadcasting along with Clear Channel's Rutland, Vermont cluster (WSYB, WZRT) and WPYR in Baton Rouge, Louisiana for WRNX in Amherst, Massachusetts. The deal made WBPM a sister station to market leaders WSPK and WHUD as well as WBNR and WLNA. On February 1, 2007, the station switched from oldies to the station's current format classic hits.
On March 15, 2021, WBPM began to simulcast its classic hits programming on sister Pamal Broadcasting stations WBNR Beacon/Newburgh and WLNA Peekskill. The move was primarily to better utilize the FM Translators associated with the AM signals. The simulcast allows WBPM a larger coverage area including the southern part of the Poughkeepsie metro.
.
Programming
When Pamal took control of the station on February 1, 2007, the station changed to "Classic Hits" at 12:00 p.m. that day after twelve hours of stunting. The programming featured "Classic Rock-leaning hits from 1965-1989." Currently, the station is programmed by Randy Turner, formerly of WCZX. In October 2011 Bob Miller joined WBPM as Morning Show host (after a long stint at rival WCZX) reuniting with longtime co-host and newsman Brian Jones. As of September 1, 2012, under the direction of station manager Don Verity, WBPM features Classic Pop Hits marketed as "The Biggest Hits of All Time" from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. WBPM is considered the leading station in Kingston and Ulster County.
In the 2020s, like many classic hits stations, the music on the WBPM has evolved away from the 60s to focus on the 70s, 80s, 90s, and early 2000s to accommodate Generation X listeners that are aging into the target demo.
References
External links
WBPM official website
WBPM on Facebook.com
WBPM on Twitter.com
BPM
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
BPM
Radio stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in New York (state)
Pamal Broadcasting
Avraham Tal (; born: 28 November 1976) is an Israeli singer, musician, and musical producer. Tal was the lead singer and writer in the popular Israeli band "Shotei Hanevuah" () from 1998 until its breakup in 2007. Among the well-known songs which he wrote while in the band are "Mi" (Translation: Who) and "Kol Galgal" (Translation: Voice of a Wheel).
Biography
Avraham Tal was born Avraham Foinquinos Tal in Nir Moshe and grew up in Neve Ativ in the Golan Heights. His parents, Reine (born in Algiers) and Maurice (born in Morocco) both arrived in Marseilles, France as children and immigrated to Israel in the early 1970s.
Tal's musical career began when he was 9 when he was injured in his eye and was hospitalized. In the bed next to him was a boy who played an electronic keyboard which Tal used to play in his spare time. Later on, Tal learned to play other instruments such as the drums, bass guitar and a fife. As a child he used to deliver newspapers in the town where he grew up and would earn several hundred shekels each month with which he bought musical instruments. Tal never formally studied music and is autodidact. Today he produces his albums, writes and composes his songs without any theoretical knowledge in music and writing notes.
Musical career
After his army service as a cook, Tal joined the band "Shotei HaNevuah" (Translation: Fools of the Prophecy) with which he initially began to gain recognition. Tal was the lead singer and writer in the band from 1998 until its breakup in 2007. Among the well-known songs which he wrote while in the band are "Mi" (Translation: Who) and "Kol Galgal" (Translation: Voice of a Wheel).
With the breakup of "Shotei HaNevua", Tal embarked on a solo career. His first solo track was "Adam Tzover Zichronot" (A Man Accumulates Memories), a cover song for Dorit Reuveni's song which he recorded for a musical project entitled "Avoda Ivrit" (Hebrew Work). The song was ranked at number two on the yearly Galgalatz Chart.
In September 2008, Tal released his first album, "Avraham Tal". Most of the songs on the album were written by Tal himself apart from the song "Em B'Leshonot" which was taken from the First Epistle to the Corinthians in the New Testament. Accompanying the album were the singles "Adam Tzover Zichronot" (A Man Accumulates Memories), "Festival" and "Sdot Esh" (Fields of Fire). That same year, Tal took part in Din Din Aviv's album "Hofshia Bein Olamot" (Free In Between Worlds) where he sang a duet with Aviv entitled "Masa" (Journey) which he took part in writing.
In 2008, Tal composed the soundtrack for Yoram Zack's film "Nimphot Ba Arafel" (Nymphs in the Myst)
In June 2010, Tal released his second album, "Orot" (Lights). The album sold over 40,000 copies and reached platinum. Prior to the album's release "Orot" and "Mehuzakim L'Olam" (Stronger for the World) which he wrote and composed were played on the radio. The song "Mehuzakim L'Olam" reached the top of the Galgalatz and Reshet Gimel charts. The album earned Tal the title of "Singer of the Year" on the yearly Galgalatz charts and his song "Orot" won "Best Song of the Year" both on the Galgalatz chart and by ACUM.
In Shlomo Artzi's album "Osher Express" (Express Happiness), out in 2012, Tal sang a duet entitled "Elohai" (My God). The song was released as a single.
In March 2013, Tal released his third album, "Shoshana" with the accompanying singles "Ani Itach" (I'm With You) and "Ani Lo Mavin Eich Ha Yom Ole Alay" (I Do Not Understand How the Day Breaks on Me)
In 2014, Tal released his track "At Ba Merchavim" (You Out In the Open) which was recorded from his performance at the Piano Festival. The Song was written in memory of Shay Zorea, a girl who died from cancer.
In November 2015, Tal released the song "Ha Yamim Ovrim" (The Days Are Passing) which was released for his then upcoming fourth album "Tzipiot" (Expectations) which was released on March 1, 2016.
In December 2016, Tal joined the judges panel on "The Voice Israel". In 2018, he recorded a cover of Ofra Haza's "LeOrech Ha Yam" (Along the Sea) for the album "Kol Haneshama - Sharim Ofra Haza" (Voice of the Soul - Singing Ofra Haza).
In May 2017, he performed for the first time at the Caeserea amphitheatre.
In June 2017, Tal released the song "Mi At" (Who Are You) which he wrote and produced together with Johny Goldstein.
In April 2018, for a Ynet project, Tal wrote the song "Or Alon" (Alon's Light) in memory of Alon Bekel Z"L who was murdered at the "Simta" Pub in Tel Aviv in 2016.
In May 2018, Tal performed for the second time at the Caeserea amphitheatre and hosted the singer Narkis.
In October 2018, Tal performed for the first time at the Tel Aviv Culture Center while hosting Benaia Barabi and Hanan Ben Ari.
In January 2019, Tal released the single "Li Ze Maspik" (It's Enough For Me) in a collaboration with the sculptor Hen Ziv which was accompanied by an exhibition of their works.
In April 2019, Tal released the song "Shir Hadash" (A New Song) in which Avraham Tal collaborated with Avi Ohayoun and Matan Dror for the first time.
Personal life
Tal was married to Shoshana who produced his latest albums but in February 2018 it was reported that the two split up. They have two children.
Avraham Tal resides in Michmoret.
Discography
Shotei Hanevuah
Shotei Hanevua (2000)
Mehapsim et Dorot (2004)
Solo albums
Avraham Tal (2008)
Orot (2010)
Shoshana (2013)
Achshav Hayim (2016)
Avraham Tal Live (2017)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Northern District (Israel)
Israeli songwriters
Israeli record producers
Israeli composers
Israeli film score composers
Israeli pop singers
Israeli rock singers
Israeli guitarists
Israeli male singer-songwriters
Israeli singer-songwriters
Hebrew-language singers
Israeli people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
Israeli people of Algerian-Jewish descent
Georgimarinus barbatus is a lumpsucker of Cyclopteridae found in north Pacific Ocean. This species is characterized by the following unique apomorphies: teeth in the outer
row at symphysis of premaxillae fuse with premaxillae, teeth at symphysis of dentary fuse among themselves and with dentary, forming the regular cutting edge; there are numerous barbs on the head and body; the bony plaques located in centers of connective tissue tubercles leaving the edges free. This species is the only known member of its genus, but it has traditionally been included in Eumicrotremus.
References
Cyclopteridae
Fish described in 1995
Cardinal Sin, cardinal sin, or cardinal syn may refer to:
Sins
Seven deadly sins, often called the "cardinal sins"
Mortal sin (Catholicism)
The three cardinal sins in Judaism, see Self-sacrifice in Jewish law
People
Jaime Sin (1928–2005), Archbishop of Manila and cardinal
Music
Cardinal Sin (band), a black metal band formed in 1995
"Cardinal Sin", a song by Black Sabbath from their 1994 album Cross Purposes
"The Cardinal Sin", a song by Dead Can Dance from their 1985 album Spleen and Ideal
"Cardinal Sin", a song by Powerwolf from their 2013 album Preachers of the Night
Other arts and entertainment
Cardinal Syn, a 1998 3D fighting game for the PlayStation
The Cardinal Sins, a novel by Andrew Greeley
Cardinal Sin (Banksy), a sculpture by graffiti artist Banksy
Ecocho was a search engine with the aim of offsetting carbon emissions by donating 70% of revenues to 'carbon offset credits'. The site launched on 14 April 2008.
It is owned by the Found Agency, a search engine optimisation company.
The Ecocho search was powered by Yahoo! after a termination of their account with Google.
For every 1,000 searches, Ecocho claimed that 1 ton of greenhouse gases are offset through the planting of trees. However, the precise amount was not given, nor were the number of searches performed on the site. Rather, the website maintained a tally of trees planted and of kilograms of offset.
Google violations
On 22 April 2008, Ecocho was informed by Google that they would be denied the use of Google's search technologies for multiple past violations of Google's policies. The issue has been discussed on the Ecocho blog. The mixed reactions from users can be seen in the blog comments, some taking further action by complaining to Google, and others agreeing with Google.
See also
Carbon offset
Global warming
Ecosia
Forestle
List of search engines
References
External links
Carbon finance
Internet search engines
is the fourth full album by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal, released through Cutting Edge Records on September 12, 2001. The album consists of a non-stop marathon of metal covers of anime themes from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. It also marked the return of Animetal after a two-year hiatus. However, it was also the last to feature lead guitarist She-Ja, who was then replaced by Syu on the band's subsequent releases.
Track listing
All tracks are arranged by Animetal.
Personnel
- Lead vocals
- Guitar
Masaki - Bass
with
Katsuji - Drums
- Vocals (8)
NOV - Vocals (19)
- Female vocals (31)
Footnotes
References
External links
2001 albums
Animetal albums
Japanese-language albums
Covers albums
Avex Group albums
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Toba, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Shima-Akasaki Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 43.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Shima-Akasaki Station opened on July 25, 1949 as a station on Mie Kotsu. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965. The station building was reconstructed in 1969 and has used PiTaPa automated wicket gates since 2007. The station has been unattended since 2011.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 232 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Toba High School
Toba Police Station
Toba Fire Station
Jusco department store
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Shima-Akasaki Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1949
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Toba, Mie
Aslan Abdusalayevich Dashayev (; born 19 February 1989) is a Russian footballer. He plays for FC Fakel Voronezh.
Career
Dashayev made his professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
He made his Russian Football National League debut for FC Angusht Nazran on 7 July 2013 in a game against FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
He played in the 2017–18 Russian Cup final for FC Avangard Kursk on 9 May 2018 in the Volgograd Arena against 2-1 winners FC Tosno.
Dashayev made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Fakel Voronezh on 17 July 2022 against FC Krasnodar.
References
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
1989 births
Sportspeople from Grozny
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Akhmat Grozny players
FC Angusht Nazran players
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
FC Avangard Kursk players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Russian Premier League players
Fiesta Broadway is an annual event held in downtown Los Angeles to celebrate Cinco de Mayo, Mexican culture and Latin American culture in general. Modeled on Miami's Calle Ocho Festival and harking back to the early 20th-century Fiesta de Los Angeles, it features vendors and musical acts. At its peak, Fiesta Broadway stretched for 36 blocks centered on a long stretch of Broadway and attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. More recently it has been confined to a few blocks around 1st Street and Broadway and has seen attendance shrink to as little as 7,000. Although the holiday of Cinco de Mayo falls on May 5, which is the meaning of its Spanish name, Fiesta Broadway is always held on the last Sunday in April, since 1995.
History
1990: The first L.A. Fiesta Broadway drew a crowd that was estimated at 500,000. This was the first large-scale attempt to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in Los Angeles. A partnership of city officials, KMEX-TV and downtown merchants paid for the $1 million festival, which was taped and telecast over the Spanish-language Univision Network.
1991: The second L.A. Fiesta Broadway cost $2 million and stretched over 36 blocks from Temple Street to Olympic Boulevard, along Hill Street, Broadway and Spring Street. The first year's festival had occupied only 12 blocks on Broadway.The array of performers included the Latin American sensation Xuxa, Lucha Villa, La Prieta Linda and jazz greats Tito Puente and Poncho Sanchez. Other entertainers representing 15 Latin American countries included Fandango, José José and Johnny Canales.
1992: An estimated 600,000 people turned out, attracted in part by a variety of musical acts on nine stages, including Menudo and Selena. Many corporations also sponsored booths at the event.
1994: The fifth L.A. Fiesta Broadway was shut down early by police after a rock and bottle throwing melee broke out. The immediate cause of the disturbance was the closure of the KPWR-FM (Power 106) stage due to overcrowding. The crowd was estimated at between 200,000 and 500,000. Only 10 people were arrested.
1995: Tightened security was brought in to prevent a recurrence of the previous year's violence. The headlining performer was Cuban salsa star Celia Cruz, who was joined by artists as varied as Thalia, La Mafia, Pedro Fernandez, Marc Anthony, and Rey Ruiz. There were complaints that Univision's annual taping of the festival for broadcast led to the use of lip syncing.
1996: Corporate sponsorship began to dominate what was now known as AT&T Fiesta Broadway. 105 companies participated, as opposed to 50 the previous year, paying $10,000 for a booth or $200,000 for a stage. Attendance declined, reaching only between 150,000 and 170,000.
2003: NBC4 (Los Angeles) aired a one-hour television special "Fiesta Broadway: Music for the Soul" directed at a mainstream audience. This was also McDonald's fourth year as title sponsor of the fiesta.
2010: The 21st Fiesta Broadway adopted a smaller street plan to reduce traffic, closing only 19 blocks.
2013: Fiesta Broadway contracted further to a cluster of streets around City Hall. Organisers expected attendance of around 100,000.
2015: While organisers continued to bill Fiesta Broadway as the largest Cinco de Mayo festival in the world, attendance dwindled to 7,000 according to police estimates. The festival's decline has been attributed to the gentrification of the neighborhood.
2020: Fiesta Broadway was to be in its 31st straight year. But the COVID-19 pandemic has forced the Fiesta to go on hiatus since then.
2023: Fiesta Broadway will resume after a three-year hiatus. And for the first time, there'll be strict measures to be enforced, like social distancing and wearing masks, besides attendees to show a vaccination card downloaded on their cellphones to show to security guards for entry.
References
External links
Fiesta Broadway on allaccess-la.com
Fiesta Broadway on Facebook
Annual events in California
Festivals in Los Angeles
Mexican-American culture
Music festivals in California
Prince Frederick William II of Nassau-Siegen (11 November 1706 – 2 March 1734), , official titles: Fürst zu Nassau, Graf zu Katzenelnbogen, Vianden, Diez, Limburg und Bronkhorst, Herr zu Beilstein, Stirum, Wisch, Borculo, Lichtenvoorde und Wildenborch, Erbbannerherr des Herzogtums Geldern und der Grafschaft Zutphen, was since 1722 Fürst of Nassau-Siegen, a part of the County of Nassau. He descended from the House of Nassau-Siegen, a cadet branch of the Ottonian Line of the House of Nassau. He was the last male representative of his lineage, with him the Protestant line of the House of Nassau-Siegen became extinct.
Biography
Frederick William was born in the in Siegen on 11 November 1706 as the only son of Fürst Frederick William Adolf of Nassau-Siegen and his first wife Landgravine Elisabeth Juliana Francisca of Hesse-Homburg. He was baptised in Siegen on 18 November. His mother died just one year after his birth.
In October 1712 Frederick William Adolf and William Hyacinth, the Catholic Fürst of Nassau-Siegen, reached an agreement about their share in the city of Siegen. William Hyacinth ceded the Catholic land to Frederick William Adolf in exchange for an annual pension of 12,000 Reichsthalers. There was even an intention to marry off Frederick William, the Reformed Hereditary Prince, to Maria Anna Josepha, William Hyacinth's underage daughter. All this was done not in the least to get rid of the troublesome foreign administration. Since April 1707 the Catholic part of the Principality of Nassau-Siegen had, by order of the Aulic Council, been under the administration of the cathedral chapter in Cologne because of the maladministration of William Hyacinth.
On the death of his father in 1722, Frederick William succeeded his father as the territorial lord of the Protestant part of the principality of Nassau-Siegen and co-ruler of the city of Siegen. He possessed the district of Siegen (with the exception of seven villages) and the districts of Hilchenbach and Freudenberg. He shared the city of Siegen with his second cousin, William Hyacinth, the Catholic Fürst of Nassau-Siegen. Frederick William also succeeded his father as count of Bronkhorst, lord of , , and , and hereditary knight banneret of the Duchy of Guelders and the County of Zutphen. Finally, Frederick William succeeded his father in a part of the Principality of Nassau-Hadamar. Because he was still a minor, he was under the guardianship and regency of his stepmother Amalie Louise of Courland until 1727.
Frederick William became a ritmeester in the Dutch States Army on 23 November 1723, and colonel of a regiment infantry on 22 July 1728. And in 1731 he became a knight of the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg, Saxony, Pomerania and Wendland) in Sonnenburg.
Frederick William died in the Nassauischer Hof in Siegen on 2 March 1734, he was only 27 years old. He was buried on 17 April in the there. On 19 June, his widow Sophie Polyxena Concordia of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Hohenstein gave birth to the fifth daughter. Thus, there were no male heirs and the Dowager Fürstin was compelled to accept that the Catholic Fürst William Hyacinth would take possession of the Reformed lands and the city of Siegen. However, the Fürsten Christian of Nassau-Dillenburg and William Charles Henry Friso of Nassau-Diez also laid claim to the inheritance. Their soldiers occupied the Nassauischer Hof in Siegen, while William Hyacinth was in Spain. In order to drive out this occupation by Nassau-Dillenburg and Nassau-Diez, Elector Clemens August of Cologne called in the Landesausschuß in his countries bordering the Siegerland. On 20 August 1735, peasants from Cologne crossed the borders of the Principality of Nassau-Siegen and plundered ‘was ihnen vorkam' (‘what was in front of them'). On 23 August they were admitted to the (Catholic) castle and advanced with two to three thousand men to the (Reformed) Nassauischer Hof. But the armies of Nassau-Dillenburg and Nassau-Diez, united with the citizens of Siegen, forced the troops from Cologne to flee. Thus, the Reformed part of Siegerland remained under the rule of Nassau-Dillenburg and Nassau-Diez, and the Catholic part remained under the imperial administration.
When, during the renovation of the Fürstengruft in 1951, the marble slabs that had been placed in front of the niches in 1893 had to be reattached, it was possible to take a look inside the graves. It was discovered that many graves had already been opened. Behind the slabs were walls of field-baked bricks, some of which were loose and allowed a view into the interior of the niches. In the light of a strong flashlight one could see that in the niche of Frederick William is a coffin apparently made of mahogany, framed by gilt bands about 4 cm wide.
Marriage and issue
Frederick William married at Ludwigseck Hunting Lodge near on 23 September 1728 to Countess Sophie Polyxena Concordia of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Hohenstein (Berlin, 28 May 1709 – , Siegen, 15 December 1781), the second daughter of Count August of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Hohenstein and his first wife Countess Concordia of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Hohenstein.
From the marriage of Frederick William and Sophie Polyxena Concordia the following children were born:
Charlotte Sophia Louise (Siegen, 6 June 1729 – Burgsteinfurt, 2 April 1759), married in Siegen on 30 September 1748 to Count Charles Peter Ernest of Bentheim-Steinfurt (Burgsteinfurt, 30 August 1729 – Burgsteinfurt, 30 June 1780).
Frederica Wilhelmine Polyxena (Nassauischer Hof, Siegen, 3 April 1730 – Wittgenstein Castle, Laasphe, 18 November 1733).
Mary Eleonore Concordia (Siegen, 2 March 1731 – Kamen, 20 April 1759). She died of smallpox in the house of the preacher Theodore Diederich Henrich Wever in Kamen.
Frederica Augusta Sophia (Nassauischer Hof, Siegen, 1 June 1732 – Nassauischer Hof, Siegen, 23 March 1733).
Anne Charlotte Augusta (Nassauischer Hof, Siegen, 19 June 1734 – Untere Schloss, Siegen, 9 June 1759).
Ancestors
Notes
References
Sources
(2004). "Die Fürstengruft zu Siegen und die darin von 1669 bis 1781 erfolgten Beisetzungen". In: u.a. (Redaktion), Siegener Beiträge. Jahrbuch für regionale Geschichte (in German). Vol. 9. Siegen: Geschichtswerkstatt Siegen – Arbeitskreis für Regionalgeschichte e.V. p. 183–202.
(1882). Het vorstenhuis Oranje-Nassau. Van de vroegste tijden tot heden (in Dutch). Leiden: A.W. Sijthoff/Utrecht: J.L. Beijers.
External links
Nassau. In: Medieval Lands. A prosopography of medieval European noble and royal families, compiled by Charles Cawley.
Nassau Part 5. In: An Online Gotha, by Paul Theroff.
1706 births
1734 deaths
German Calvinist and Reformed Christians
German military officers
Frederick William 02 of Nassau-Siegen
Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg)
Frederick William 02 of Nassau-Siegen
People from Siegen
18th-century German people
Four Jacks may refer to:
Four Jacks (film), a 2001 Australian action film
Four Jacks (quartet), a Danish vocal quartet, founded in 1956
The Public Transport Authority (, ZTM Warszawa), branded as Warsaw Public Transport (; WTP), is a local authority controlled body managing all means of public transport in Warsaw. The public transport companies running the lines governed by the ZTM are:
Warsaw Trams ()
Municipal Bus Company ()
Warsaw Metro ()
Fast City Rail ()
It also carries out tasks related to the implementation, management and operation of Veturilo, Warsaw's public bicycle sharing system.
In addition to the above, ZTM contracts out some of the bus services to private companies. These include PKS Grodzisk Mazowiecki, Arriva Bus Poland, Europa Express City, Mobilis, KM Łomianki and ITS Michalczewski (until 2016).
ZTM operates an integrated ticketing system based on proof-of-payment and a variety of single-use, time-limited, and long-term ticket types valid across tram, bus, rail, and metro lines.
ZTM is a member of the European Metropolitan Transport Authorities (EMTA) and the International Association of Public Transport (UITP).
Operations
Metro
ZTM manages Metro Warszawskie Sp. z o.o., which operates the Warsaw Metro, an urban rapid transit rail system. Service is provided by 324 carriages, forming up to 54 trains of six carriages each. As of June 2020, the system comprises two lines with 33 stations and a total length of 36 kilometers (22 mi).
Buses
Warsaw's bus system is divided between several companies, including Miejskie Zakłady Autobusowe (MZA), Europa Express City, Mobilis, PKS Grodzisk Mazowiecki and Arriva Bus Transport Polska. Only MZA and KM Łomianki are owned by the city.
Trams
The Tramwaje Warszawskie company, managed by ZTM, operates a tram network comprising 26 tram lines and measuring 131 kilometers in length. Tram service is provided by 810 carriages, of which 58% are modern low floor carriages. The routes are currently undergoing further expansion.
Commuter rail
Szybka Kolej Miejska (SKM; lit. Fast City Rail) provides local commuter rail services in the Warsaw metropolitan area, on already existing railway routes managed by PKP Polskie Linie Kolejowe. The company was originally incorporated as a joint venture between the City of Warsaw, Metro Warszawskie, and Tramwaje Warszawskie, with 50%, 49%, and 1% of the company's shares, respectively.
Rail transport is the fastest means of transportation in the agglomeration, reaching a commercial speed of around 40 km/h.
Veturilo
Veturilo, Warsaw's bike rental system, was launched in 2012. The system currently offers over 3 thousand bicycles in 204 rental stations. In 2015, the system was used by 375 thousand users.
Fares
The Warsaw area is split into two fare zones. Zone 1 is the central part of the city, while zone 2 covers the rest of the Warsaw area. Tickets can be purchased for zone 1 only, or for both zones; fares have a price difference between these zones.
ZTM offers several different types of tickets. Single tickets are valid for 75 minutes (zone 1 only) or 90 minutes (both zones) from the time they are validated, and permit unlimited transfers during their validity. For shorter journeys, 20-minute tickets valid for both zones are available. Daily and 3-day passes are valid for 24 and 72 hours from the time they are validated, respectively. Weekend passes are valid from 7:00 PM on Fridays to 8:00 AM on Mondays. Groups of up to ten people may purchase discounted single tickets valid in zone 1 only, and groups of up to five people may purchase discounted weekend passes. 30- and 90-day passes are also available.
Tickets are valid on all buses, trams, Metro and SKM trains. Daily passes and longer are also valid on Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa (WKD) and Koleje Mazowieckie trains within the ZTM area, and also include parking at ZTM-operated park and ride facilities. 30- and 90-day passes are only available on ZTM's contactless smartcard, the Warszawska Karta Miejska (WKM; English: Warsaw City Card); all other tickets are paper tickets encoded with a magnetic stripe.
As of April 2017, fares are as follows (all prices in Polish złoty):
30- and 90-day passes, and pre-validated 20-minute and single tickets, are available at ticket machines on buses, trams, and SKM trains; these machines only accept credit cards. Otherwise, tickets must be purchased prior to boarding, either online, at ZTM customer service points, or at ticket machines and retail outlets located throughout the city. These tickets must then be validated upon starting a journey; the method for doing so depends on where the journey begins. On buses, trams, and SKM trains, validators are located on board; passengers must validate their tickets immediately after boarding. On the Metro, validators are built into ticket barriers; since lifts to platforms are usually located outside the barriers, they have freestanding validators installed next to them. Validators are also located at some railway stations; passengers boarding Koleje Mazowieckie trains at stations without validators must board at the first carriage and speak to the driver, who will manually validate their ticket. In any case, the ticket will then have a date and time stamp printed on it by the validator, or written on it by the driver. Passengers traveling with a WKM must scan the card at a validator each time they board a vehicle to validate their pass.
All public transport in Warsaw operates on a proof-of-payment system. Fare inspectors (Polish: kontrolerzy biletów) randomly check tickets on vehicles and in Metro stations' paid areas. Passengers traveling without a valid ticket or WKM are charged a fine of 266 zł. This fine is reduced to 159.60 zł if paid immediately to the inspector, or 186.20 zł if paid to ZTM within one week.
Chief executive officers
See also
Transport in Warsaw
External links
Warszawski Transport Publiczny (passenger site)
ZTM Warszawa (corporate site)
References
Public transport in Poland
Transport in Warsaw
Companies based in Warsaw
1992 establishments in Poland
Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) in porous materials covers the application of using NMR as a tool to study the structure of porous media and various processes occurring in them. This technique allows the determination of characteristics such as the porosity and pore size distribution, the permeability, the water saturation, the wettability, etc.
Theory of relaxation time distribution in porous media
Microscopically the volume of a single pore in a porous media may be divided into two regions; surface area and bulk volume (Figure 1).
The surface area is a thin layer with thickness of a few molecules close to the pore wall surface. The bulk volume is the remaining part of the pore volume and usually dominates the overall pore volume. With respect to NMR excitations of nuclear states for hydrogen-containing molecules in these regions, different relaxation times for the induced excited energy states are expected. The relaxation time is significantly shorter for a molecule in the surface area, compared to a molecule in the bulk volume. This is an effect of paramagnetic centres in the pore wall surface that causes the relaxation time to be faster.
The inverse of the relaxation time , is expressed by contributions from the bulk volume , the surface area and the self-diffusion :
with
where is the thickness of the surface area, is the surface area, is the pore volume, is the relaxation time in the bulk volume, is the relaxation time for the surface, is the gyromagnetic ratio, is the magnetic field gradient (assumed to be constant), is the time between echoes and is the self-diffusion coefficient of the fluid. The surface relaxation can be assumed as uniform or non-uniform.
The NMR signal intensity in the distribution plot reflected by the measured amplitude of the NMR signal is proportional to the total amount of hydrogen nuclei, while the relaxation time depends on the interaction between the nuclear spins and the surroundings. In a characteristic pore containing for an example, water, the bulk water exhibits a single exponential decay. The water close to the pore wall surface exhibits faster relaxation time for this characteristic pore size.
NMR permeability correlations
NMR techniques are typically used to predict permeability for fluid typing and to obtain formation porosity, which is independent of mineralogy. The former application uses a surface-relaxation mechanism to relate
measured relaxation spectra with surface-to-volume ratios of pores, and the latter is used to estimate permeability. The common approach is based on the model proposed by Brownstein and Tarr. They have shown that, in the fast diffusion limit, given by the expression:
where is the surface relaxivity of pore wall material, is the radius of the spherical pore and is the bulk diffusivity. The connection between NMR relaxation measurements and petrophysical parameters such as permeability stems from the strong effect that the rock surface has on promoting magnetic relaxation. For a single pore, the magnetic decay as a function of time is described by a single exponential:
where is the initial magnetization and the transverse relaxation time is given by:
is the surface-to-volume ratio of the pore, is bulk relaxation time of the fluid that fills the pore space, and is the surface relaxation strength. For small pores or large , the bulk relaxation time is small and the equation can be approximated by:
Real rocks contain an assembly of interconnected pores of different sizes. The pores are connected through small and narrow pore throats (i.e. links) that restrict interpore diffusion. If interpore diffusion is negligible, each pore can be considered to be distinct and the magnetization within individual pores decays independently of the magnetization in neighbouring pores. The decay can thus be described as:
where is the volume fraction of pores of size that decays with relaxation time . The multi-exponential representation corresponds to a division of the pore space into main groups based on (surface-to-volume ratio) values. Due to the pore size variations, a non-linear optimization algorithm with multi-exponential terms is used to fit experimental data. Usually, a weighted geometric mean, , of the relaxation times is used for permeability correlations:
is thus related to an average or pore size. Commonly used NMR permeability correlations as proposed by Dunn et al. are of the form:
where is the porosity of the rock. The exponents and are usually taken as four and two, respectively. Correlations of this form can be rationalized from the Kozeny–Carman equation:
by assuming that the tortuosity is proportional to . However, it is well known that tortuosity is not only a function of porosity. It also depends on the formation factor . The formation factor can be obtained from resistivity logs and is usually readily available. This has given rise to permeability correlations of the form:
Standard values for the exponents and , respectively. Intuitively, correlations of this form are a better model since it incorporates tortuosity information through .
The value of the surface relaxation strength affects strongly the NMR signal decay rate and hence the estimated permeability. Surface relaxivity data are difficult to measure, and most NMR permeability correlations assume a constant . However, for heterogeneous reservoir rocks with different mineralogy, is certainly not constant and surface relaxivity has been reported to increase with higher fractions of microporosity. If surface relaxivity data are available it can be included in the NMR permeability correlation as
relaxation
For fully brine saturated porous media, three different mechanisms contribute to the relaxation: bulk fluid relaxation, surface relaxation, and relaxation due to gradients in the magnetic field. In the absence of magnetic field gradients, the equations describing the relaxation are:
on S
with the initial condition
and
where is the self-diffusion coefficient. The governing diffusion equation can be solved by a 3D random walk algorithm. Initially, the walkers are launched at random positions in the pore space. At each time step, , they advance from their current position, , to a new position, , by taking steps of fixed length in a randomly chosen direction. The time step is given by:
The new position is given by
The angles and represent the randomly selected direction for each random walker in spherical coordinates. It can be noted that must be distributed uniformly in the range (0,). If a walker encounters a pore-solid interface, it is killed with a finite probability . The killing probability is related to the surface relaxation strength by:
If the walker survives, it simply bounces off the interface and its position does not change. At each time step, the fraction of the initial walkers that are still alive is recorded. Since the walkers move with equal probability in all directions, the above algorithm is valid as long as there is no magnetic gradient in the system.
When protons are diffusing, the sequence of spin echo amplitudes is affected by inhomogeneities in the permanent magnetic field. This results in an additional decay of the spin echo amplitudes that depends on the echo spacing . In the simple case of a uniform spatial gradient , the additional decay can be expressed as a multiplicative factor:
where is the ratio of the Larmor frequency to the magnetic field intensity. The total magnetization amplitude as a function of time is then given as:
NMR as a tool to measure wettability
The wettability conditions in a porous media containing two or more immiscible fluid phases determine the microscopic fluid distribution in the pore network. Nuclear magnetic resonance measurements are sensitive to wettability because of the strong effect that the solid surface has on promoting magnetic relaxation of the saturating fluid. The idea of using NMR as a tool to measure wettability was presented by Brown and Fatt in 1956. The magnitude of this effect depends upon the wettability characteristics of the solid with respect to the liquid in contact with the surface. Their theory is based on the hypothesis that molecular movements are slower in the bulk liquid than at the solid-liquid interface. In this solid-liquid interface the diffusion coefficient is reduced, which correspond to a zone of higher viscosity. In this higher viscosity zone, the magnetically aligned protons can more easily transfer their energy to their surroundings. The magnitude of this effect depends upon the wettability characteristics of the solid with respect to the liquid in contact with the surface.
NMR Cryoporometry for measuring pore size distributions
NMR Cryoporometry (NMRC) is a recent technique for measuring total porosity and pore size distributions. It makes use of the Gibbs-Thomson effect : small crystals of a liquid in the pores melt at a lower temperature than the bulk liquid : The melting point depression is inversely proportional to the pore size. The technique is closely related to that of the use of gas adsorption to measure pore sizes (Kelvin equation). Both techniques are particular cases of the Gibbs Equations (Josiah Willard Gibbs): the Kelvin Equation is the constant temperature case, and the Gibbs-Thomson Equation is the constant pressure case.
To make a Cryoporometry measurement, a liquid is imbibed into the porous sample, the sample cooled until all the liquid is frozen, and then warmed slowly while measuring the quantity of the liquid that has melted. Thus it is similar to DSC thermoporosimetry, but has higher resolution, as the signal detection does not rely on transient heat flows, and the measurement can be made arbitrarily slowly. It is suitable for measuring pore diameters in the range 2 nm–2 μm.
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) may be used as a convenient method of measuring the quantity of liquid that has melted, as a function of temperature, making use of the fact that the relaxation time in a frozen material is usually much shorter than that in a mobile liquid. The technique was developed at the University of Kent in the UK.
It is also possible to adapt the basic NMRC experiment to provide structural resolution in spatially dependent pore size distributions, or to provide behavioural information about the confined liquid.
See also
Earth's field NMR (EFNMR)
Low field NMR
NMR
NMR spectroscopy
References
Nuclear magnetic resonance
Porous media
Steve Wacholz (born November 5, 1962) is an American heavy metal drummer. He is best known as the drummer of Savatage from 1979–1994. His hard-hitting playing style earned him the nickname "Doctor Hardware Killdrums" (simply "Doc") by his bandmates, as he was known for using a large three kick drumset and extra large 3S drumsticks.
Biography
Wacholz was born in White Plains, New York
Steve "Doc" Wacholz met Criss Oliva when he was 14 years old in Tampa Bay Florida. In 1979, Steve Wacholz joined the Oliva brothers band Avatar and jammed in a shack behind the Oliva home that was dubbed "The Pit" by the band. Wacholz originally had tried out to be part of Criss' older brother Jon Oliva's band, Alien, but when the first Savatage line-up was taking shape in 1977, Jon, who was originally on drum duties, was relieved of them by Wacholz.[3] They also gave Steve a nickname that would follow him throughout his career: "Doctor Hardware Killdrums", often shortened to just "Doc" or "Doc Killdrums", which referred to Steve's hard playing style.
Leaving Savatage
In 1993 Wacholz played on the Edge of Thorns album, but could not join the tour because of personal reasons. Following the Edge of Thorns Tour, while away in 1993, his bandmate Criss Oliva was driving with his wife, Dawn, on their way to the Fourth Annual Livestock Festival held in Zephyrhills, Florida. An oncoming car operated by a drunk driver crossed the median and struck Oliva's 1982 Mazda RX-7 head-on, killing him instantly. After this, Wacholz decided not to return to Savatage citing Oliva's death as his reason to retire from the band. "My choice NOT to be in SAVATAGE today has something to do with his passing...it will never be the same... it can never be the same...but his music lives on thru his brother & Chris Caffery who has the essence of Criss in him. YES I believe that. I realize God took him out but please, God, bless those guys...And may God bless Criss, friend, musician and probably one of the nicest guys you would ever want to have memories about! And I have those and I am thankful!"
Later career
Currently, Wacholz is a member of the band Reverence which also includes ex Tokyo Blade guitarist Bryan Holland. He owns Cherokee Guns, a gun store in
Murphy, North Carolina.
Music videos
Throughout the late 80s to the early 90s Steve "Doc" Wacholz appeared in all the Savatage Music videos from 87–91 in addition...Steve has carried on with Michigan-based metal band Reverence.
Hall of the Mountain King (1987)
"Hall of the Mountain King"
"24 Hours Ago"
Gutter Ballet (1989)
"Gutter Ballet"
"When the Crowds are Gone"
Streets: A Rock Opera (1991)
"Jesus Saves"
Edge of Thorns (1993)
"Edge of Thorns"
Reverence - When Darkness Calls (2012)
"Too Late"
"Bleed For Me"
"After The Leaves Have Fallen"
Reverence - Gods of war (2015)
"Gods Of War"
"Until My Dying Breath"
"Race To Obscene"
Steve "Doc" Wacholz three Bass Drum Kit
References
1962 births
Living people
American heavy metal drummers
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
Novalnet is a payment service provider and a European payment institute that provides e-commerce businesses with electronic and point-of-sale payment processing services. The platform is designed to automate merchant's business processes across the e-commerce value chain, from checkout to debt collection.
Competitors are for example Adyen and Stripe.
Payment platform
The Novalnet SaaS platform provides merchants with a solution for integrating payment services in pre- or self-developed systems, such as online shop, marketplace, content management system (CMS), customer relationship management (CRM), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and inventory management software (WAWI). Business model-based integration via API (application programming interface), iFrame, SDKs (software development kit) and WebView establish a real-time data flow between systems for individual payment processing, fraud prevention and other payment related services.
History
Novalnet was founded in 2007 by Gabriel Dixon.The global company network employs 200 people in four different countries: Novalnet AG (Headquarter) in Germany, Novalnet Ltd. in the UK, Novalnet Payment Corp. in the USA, and Novalnet E-Solutions Pvt. Ltd in India.The company is independent of external investors and is led by Mr. Gabriel Dixon (CEO), who is also the chairman of the board.
The name “Novalnet” stems from the word “nova” (Portuguese) which means “new” and refers to the ability to remain up to date and innovative in the fast-developing payment industry.
Growth
The company has been profitable since 2008.Between 2011 and 2016, Novalnet received the "Usage Award” at the European MPE Awards and was one of the nominees for the Bavarian SME Award hosted by the European Business Forum <. In 2011 Novalnet came first as the “Best Payment-Service Provider 2011” at the t3n Magazin Web Awards.
In 2017 Novalnet was awarded Deloitte's "Technology Fast 50” prize for high growth in turnover over the last four years.
In 2018 Novalnet received the “Best Payment service Provider” prize in the E-Commerce Berlin Awards.
Novalnet AG's revenue grew by 37.82% in the first quarter of 2020, compared to the first quarter of 2019. Novalnet had grown its earnings by 28% in 2019 with a total revenue of 1,35 billion euros. The company was recognized as one of FOCUS Business Ranking's “German Growth Champion 2020" and “Growth Champion 2021”, indicating a significant increase in turnover between 2015 and 2019. The payment platform has received the “Software hosted in Germany” quality seal every year since 2019
In 2021 Novalnet received the E-Commerce Germany Awards in two categories: 1st place in the Best Solution for International Expansion category and 3rd place in the Best payment service provider category. Novalnet's Shopware plugin was featured as one of the best apps in the "App of the Week" section at Shopware Store. In February 2021, Novalnet was included in the book “Wirtschaftsstandort Freistaat Bavaria”.
Licenses & Certifications
Novalnet AG is a licensed payment institute accredited by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) and has the PCI DSS Level 1 certification.
See also
List of online payment service providers
Payment gateway
Payment service provider
References
External links
Companies based in Munich
Merchant services
Online payments
Business software
Financial technology
Payment service providers
Ahti Ilmari Rahm (22 November 1888 – 1939) was a Finnish chess player, founder and first editor of the chess magazine Suomen Shakki (1924 – 1931).
Biography
Ilmari Rahm was born in Käkisalmi (nowadays Priozersk in Russia). Later he moved with his parents to Helsinki and received a medical education. From 1918 to 1921 Ilmari Rahm served in the Finnish Navy. He retired with the rank of captain of the medical service. After retiring, he worked in Helsinki. He was a member of the Helsinki chess club HSK. In the years 1923–1924 he was a club secretary, in 1925–1928 – Member of the Presidium, since 1929 – President. Ilmari Rahm was a representative of the HSK club in Finnish Chess Federation. He held various posts in the federation: in 1923 he was secretary, in 1928–1929 and 1930–1931 he was vice chairman.
In 1927, Ilmari Rahm took part in the Finnish Chess Championship. He won the qualifying tournament with a score of 7½ of 11 (half a point ahead Ragnar Krogius, Birger Axel Rasmusson and Erkki Vilen), but then lost 2:4 Edgar Lindroos in the match for the right to challenge the title against Anatol Tschepurnoff (in a match with Lindroos Chepurnov was able to defend the title of champion of Finland). For the victory in the qualifying tournament, Ilmari Rahm was awarded the title of National Master (the first in the chess club HSK).
Since 1923 Ilmari Rahm was worked as chess writer. First he led the chess department in the newspaper Uusi Suomi, a year later he founded the chess magazine Suomen Shakki. The first editorial staff also included H. Hindstrom, E. Malmberg, A. Rautanen and J. Terho. In addition to materials on the chess life of Finland, in the early years of the magazine's existence, articles were published in it Emanuel Lasker and Siegbert Tarrasch.
Ilmari Rahm played for Finland in the Chess Olympiad:
In 1930, at reserve board in the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg (+3, =3, -8).
In 1931, due to a sharp deterioration in health, Ilmari Rahm left the practical chess game and left all posts in the federation, club and magazine. The new editor of chess magazine Suomen Shakki was Eero Böök.
References
External links
Ilmari Rahm chess games at 365chess.com
1888 births
1939 deaths
People from Priozersk
Finnish chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
Chess writers
Chess officials
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1583.
Events
Early – Accademia della Crusca established in Florence to regulate the Italian language.
March 10 – Queen Elizabeth's Men, an acting troupe, is founded by royal order in England.
June 11 – Rivales, a play in Latin by William Gager, is acted by members of Christ Church, Oxford. Criticized for its "filth", it is never printed and does not survive, although it is revived for two performances in 1592, one before Queen Elizabeth I of England.
June 12 – Dido, another play in Latin by Gager, is performed by members of Christ Church, Oxford.
September – The English occult philosopher John Dee leaves England to travel on the Continent; his library at Mortlake is dispersed in his absence.
Lodewijk Elzevir produces the first publication from the House of Elzevir in Leiden, Drusii Ebraicarum quaestionum ac responsionum libri duo.
New books
Prose
Justus Lipsius – De Constantia (On constancy)
Joseph Justus Scaliger – De emendatione temporum (Study on the Improvement of Time)
Sir Thomas Smith – De Republica Anglorum: the Maner of Gouernement or Policie of the Realme of England (written 1562–65)
Philip Stubbes – The Anatomy of Abuses
Drama
William Gager – Dido (Latin)
Luigi Groto – La Dalida
Richard Mulcaster – Ariodante and Genevra
Poetry
See 1583 in poetry
Births
January 8 – Simon Episcopius, Dutch theologian (died 1643)
February 2 – Anna Visscher, Dutch artist, poet and translator (died 1651)
April 4 – Franciscus Quaresmius, Italian writer (died 1650)
April 10 – Hugo Grotius, Dutch philosopher, dramatist and poet (died 1645 in literature)
November – Philip Massinger, English playwright (died 1640)
Unknown dates
Johann Heinrich Alting, German theologian (died 1644)
John Beaumont, English poet (died 1627)
Deaths
January 1 – François de Belleforest, French poet and translator (born 1530)
January 5 – Juan Maldonado, Spanish Jesuit theologian (born 1533)
March 4 – Bernard Gilpin, English theologian (born 1517)
April – Lucas David, Prussian historian (born 1503)
May 6 – Zacharias Ursinus, German theologian (born 1534)
July 8 – Fernão Mendes Pinto, Portuguese explorer and memoirist (born c. 1509)
December 31 – Thomas Erastus, Swiss theologian (born 1524)
Unknown dates
Alexander Arbuthnot, Scottish poet (born 1538)
Henry Bynneman, English printer (date of birth unknown)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
She Had to Choose is a 1934 American film directed by Ralph Ceder. A romantic comedy/ crime drama, it is set in California during The Depression.
Plot
Sally Bates (Isabel Jewell) leaves Texas, headed for Hollywood, in the 1930s. She is tempted to take a job as a mechanic, with Pop (Arthur Stone), on the highway, but presses on in to town.
She's going to sleep in her old "Tin Lizzie". But after she saves Bill's neck (Buster Crabbe) with her old six-shooter during a botched hold-up, Bill takes her home to live with his mom (Maidel Turner), and gives her a job at his drive-in restaurant.
Sally's friendly and easy going manner is very popular with the customers, but Bill gets jealous when Jack (Regis Toomey), the reckless younger brother of his well-to-do girlfriend Clara (Sally Blane), starts paying Sally attention, following her around in his roadster.
Sally is so humiliated when Clara rips off the dress Jack gave her, at a nightclub, she ends up at his hotel room, married to Jack, after an ill-conceived night of drinking.
Bill arrives in the morning to confront the drunken Jack and take Sally home, but Jack trips and smashes his head, killing himself. Bill is under investigation for murder of the wealthy socialite.
Cast
Buster Crabbe as Bill Cutler
Isabel Jewell as Sally Bates
Sally Blane as Clara Berry
Regis Toomey as Jack Berry
Maidel Turner as Mrs. Cutler
Fuzzy Knight as Wally
Arthur Stone as Pop
Edward Gargan as Higgins
Huntley Gordon as Attorney
Wallis Clark as District Attorney
Kenneth Howell as Announcer
Eddie Fetherston as Hold-Up Man
Max Wagner as Hold-Up Man
References
External links
1934 films
1930s crime comedy-drama films
1930s romantic comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Ralph Ceder
American romantic comedy-drama films
American crime comedy-drama films
Majestic Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
This is a list of yearly National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Division II independents football records.
NAIA Division II standings
References
Independents
Standings
Mohegan Indians v. Connecticut (1705–1773) was the first indigenous land rights litigation in history in a common law jurisdiction. James Youngblood Henderson, professor of law, calls the case "the first major legal test of indigenous tenure." Robert Clinton calls it the "first formal litigation of North American Indian rights."
Mark Walters has noted that the case established that "in certain circumstances native nations on reserved lands in British colonies were subject, not to colonial jurisdictions established for settlers, but to their own traditional customs." The Mohegan claim was not a claim to aboriginal title, but a claim that certain lands were held in trust by the descendants of John Mason on behalf of the Mohegan.
In 1979, the Mohegan Indian Tribe filed a suit against the state for possession of lands in Montville, Connecticut. In this re-litigation, the judge held in 1980 that the 1790 Non-Intercourse Act applied to the case, a ruling upheld on appeal. The United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case. In 1994 the tribe gained federal recognition by the Department of Interior; in addition, that year Congress passed the Mohegan Nation (Connecticut) Land Claim Settlement Act, which authorized the US to take 800 acres of land into trust for the tribe for use as its reservation, and allowed it to have gambling operations on the property.
The dispute
English colonists arrived on the coast of Connecticut in the 1630s, coming into contact with the Mohegan people, who had been part of the Pequot. Following the Pequot War of 1637, in which the Mohegan had allied with the colonists against the Pequot, Mohegan sachem Uncas ceded all Mohegan lands to the New England Colonies in 1640, with the exception of a reserve of farms and hunting grounds.
In 1659, the Mohegan conveyed the reserved lands to Major John Mason, the future deputy governor. The conveyance was to Mason and his heirs "as their Protector and Guardian In Trust for the whole Moheagan Tribe." Mason transferred the land to the colonial government in 1660, on the condition that sufficient land be left for the Mohegan to farm. Both the Mohegan and Mason's heirs argued—during the century-long dispute—that this last transfer was invalid, and that his heirs continued to hold the land in trust for the Mohegan.
Connecticut was incorporated by royal charter in 1662, with its boundaries including the disputed lands. A 1681 treaty between the Mohegan and the colony acknowledged a Mohegan interest in the land; it provided that the colony would administer "Equal Justice" to the Mohegan "as our own people" if they "before hand declared their Subjection to our Laws." In 1687, the colony began granting the disputed land to settlers by legislation and orders in council.
The proceedings
1704 Dudley Commission
In 1704, the Masons petitioned the Crown, on behalf of the Mohegan, arguing that the land grants to colonists violated the treaties with the tribe. In February 1704, Sir Edward Northey, the Attorney General of England and Wales, opined to the English Board of Trade, which administered the colony, that the Crown could establish a court with the authority to hear the dispute, and enforce its decision upon the colony should the Mohegan prevail. Northey also expressed his opinion that the act of Connecticut in granting the land was "illegal and void." In March 1704, the Board of Trade agreed and referred Northey's advice to the Crown. The Board of Trade also recommended that the Crown cover the legal fees of the Mohegan.
The Crown agreed in April 1704. It referred the dispute to Governor Joseph Dudley and the council of Massachusetts, with a Commission empowering them to form a tribunal. The Commission's ruling was to be legally binding without subsequent approval by the Crown, but the right of appeal to the Privy Council was reserved.
The court consisted of Joseph Dudley, Edward Palmes, Giles Sylvester, Jr., Jahleel Brenton, Nathaniel Byfield, Thomas Hooker, James Avery, John Avery, John Morgan, and Thomas Leffingwell. They were collectively known as “the Dudley Commission.” This was a significant group of men, both in government position and in family connections. Dudley was the Governor of Massachusetts and president of the Commission. Palmes lived in New London and was the son-in-law of Governor Winthrop of Connecticut. Brenton was the son of Governor William Brenton of Rhode Island. Sylvester was from New Haven, Connecticut. Byfield was a prominent judge in Rhode Island. Hooker was the son of one of the prime founders of Connecticut, who was also named Thomas Hooker. Morgan had been a captain in King Philip's War, lived in Preston, Connecticut, and had been a delegate to the colonial legislature. James Avery had been in the King Philip's War and in the colonial legislature. Thomas Leffingwell was eighty years old, a long time friend of Mohegan Chief Uncas, a co-founder of Norwich, Connecticut, and a longtime member of the colonial legislature.
Walters argues that the Mohegan must have been considered a "component of the Empire" in order for the Crown to have original jurisdiction over a dispute between them and Connecticut. In refusing to create a similar Commission to mediate a dispute between settlers in New Jersey and the colony of New Jersey over the purchase of Native American lands, the Attorney General later opined that the situations were inapposite because there was "no common Court of Justice" between the Mohegan and Connecticut.
Connecticut contested the jurisdiction of the Commission and did not participate further. Dudley and the Commission unanimously sided with the Mohegan in 1705.
1706 Commission of Review
On appeal from the colony, the Privy Council appellate committee granted a Commission of Review in 1706. This Commission never met.
1737 Commission of Review
A second such Commission was established in 1737. The second Commission consisted of the Governor of Rhode Island, and members from the councils of Rhode Island and New York. That Commission sided with Connecticut in 1738, on the grounds that Ben Uncas—who was embroiled in a sachem succession dispute—was the valid sachem and had recently released Connecticut from the land claim. After the Commission determined that Ben Uncas was the sachem, before reaching the merits, the New York council members (who had dissented on the sachem issue) accused the Rhode Island council members of bias and left. The merits decision was ultimately set aside because of "alleged irregularities." A third Commission was called.
1743 Commission of Review
Meeting in 1743, the third Commission sided with Connecticut. The sachem issue was not re-litigated because Connecticut withdrew its objection. Third-party tenants were allowed to raise an objection to the jurisdiction of the original tribunal. The Commission eventually reached the merits and decided that the deeds to the colonial settlers were valid.
Privy Council decision
The Mohegan appealed to the Privy Council. The appeal began in 1770 and the Privy Council sided with Connecticut in 1772, without a written opinion. The Crown confirmed this decision in 1773.
Reporting
The decision was not reported in a law reporter. No reported judicial decisions from the 17th or 18th century recognized or applied Aboriginal customary law.
J.H. Smith provides a detailed history of the legal proceedings of the case, but only sporadically includes quotes from the decision.
Significance
Aboriginal title
A summary of Mohegan Indians was included by Chief Justice John Marshall in his opinion in Johnson v. M'Intosh (1823):
The controversy between the colony of Connecticut and the Mohegan Indians, depended on the nature and extent of a grant made by those Indians to the colony; on the nature and extent of the reservations made by the Indians, in their several deeds and treaties, which were alleged to be recognised by the legitimate authority; and on the violation by the colony of rights thus reserved and secured. We do not perceive, in that case, any assertion of the principle, that individuals might obtain a complete and valid title from the Indians.
This has been considered the first case to rule on indigenous land tenure. In 1995, Robert N. Clinton described it as "the first major eighteenth century challenge to local colonial control of relations with Indian tribes," and "the greatest cause ever heard at the Council Board."
Tribal sovereignty
Some commentators have suggested that Mogehan Indians demonstrated that British law recognized indigenous tribal nations as having rights of sovereignty. For example, in 1950 J.H. Smith claims that the Mohegan were "juristically regarded as sovereign." Mark Walters, a lecturer at Oxford, disagrees with these claims. Walters agrees that, if true, that interpretation of the decision would "revolutionize the traditional understanding of Aboriginal legal status in Canada."
Modern relitigation and settlement
In 1979, the Mohegan Indian Tribe filed a complaint against the state of Connecticut in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut for possession of lands in the northeast portion of Montville, Connecticut. In his ruling of 1980, Judge Blumenfeld rejected the state's motion to dismiss, holding that the 1790 Indian Non-intercourse Act applied to the entire country, including the lands in question.
The Second Circuit upheld this ruling on interlocutory appeal. The U.S. Supreme Court denied certiorari and let the Appeals decision stand.
On remand, Blumenfeld granted the Mohegan's motion to strike the state's affirmative defenses, holding that the state's title—acquired from private parties who acquired the land in violation of the Non-intercourse Act—was void, and that the Tenth and Eleventh amendments did not bar the suit. Finally, Blumenfeld struck the state's defense of res judicata based on the 18th-century lawsuit, holding—inter alia—that "the 1743 judgment itself recognizes the Indians' possessory right to the lands at issue in this action."
On March 15, 1994, the Department of the Interior granted the Mohegan Indian Tribe (MITC) federal recognition. On October 19, 1994, the U.S. Congress passed the Mohegan Nation (Connecticut) Land Claim Settlement Act, extinguishing all of the Mohegan aboriginal title in Connecticut and all claims of the Mohegan Nation against the state, in exchange for its approval of Mohegan gaming operations. It authorized the transfer of 800 acres, the remaining Mohegan reservation lands, which had been used as the United Nuclear site (and cleaned up), to the United States in trust for the tribe.
The MITC opened the Mohegan Sun casino on October 12, 1996. It has since expanded the facility to a full resort, including a hotel, conference facility, restaurants and shops.
Notes
References
E. Edwards Beardsley, "The Mohegan Land Controversy," 3 New Haven Hist. Soc. Papers 205 (1882).
Scott, James Brown. 1919. Judicial Settlement of Controversies between States of the American Union.
Legal history of Connecticut
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council cases
Aboriginal title case law in the United States
Montville, Connecticut
Mohegan
Native American history of Connecticut
Barry Cottle (born 1961/1962) is an American businessman, and former CEO of Light & Wonder from June 2018, when he succeeded Kevin Sheehan, until August 2022.
Early life
Cottle earned a bachelor's degree in information services and mathematics from Southwest Missouri State University, and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Career
Cottle joined Scientific Games in August 2015, as chief executive, SG Interactive.
In June 2018, Cottle, head of SG Interactive, was named as CEO of the parent company, replacing Sheehan.
In August 2022, Cottle resigned from Light & Wonder.
References
Living people
American chief executives
Missouri State University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
1960s births
Helene () is a female given name, a variant of Helen, using the French spelling. Helen is ultimately from Greek Ἑλένη.
The name is used in many other languages. Name days: Hungary (as Helén) - October 14, Estonia - August 18, Greece (as Ελένη) - May 21.
People with the given name Helene
Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (1814–1858), Duchess of Orléans
Princess Hélène of Orléans (1871–1951), Duchess of Aosta, second daughter of Prince Philippe, Count of Paris
Duchess Helene in Bavaria (1834–1890), Hereditary Princess of Thurn and Taxis,
Duchess Helene of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (1857–1936), great-granddaughter of Paul I of Russia
Hélène Conway-Mouret (born 1960), French politician
Helene Fesenmaier (1937–2013), American painter and sculptor
Helene Mayer (1910–1953), German and American Olympic champion foil fencer
Helene Michelson (born 1906), Estonian figure skater
Hélène Missoffe (1927–2015), French politician
Hélène Morlon (born 1978), French mathematician and ecologist
Hélène Olivier-Bourbigou (born 1962), French chemist and engineer
Hélène Pastor (1937–2014), heiress and businesswoman from Monaco
Helene Schjerfbeck (1862–1946), Finnish artist
Hélène Ségara (born 1971), French singer
Helene Vannari (1948–2022), Estonian actress
Hélène Rollès (born 1966), French singer
Hélène Ryckmans (born 1959), Belgian politician
References
Danish feminine given names
English feminine given names
Estonian feminine given names
Finnish feminine given names
French feminine given names
Given names of Greek language origin
Greek feminine given names
Icelandic feminine given names
Norwegian feminine given names
Scandinavian feminine given names
Swedish feminine given names
Yates v. United States, 354 U.S. 298 (1957), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States that held that the First Amendment protected radical and reactionary speech, unless it posed a "clear and present danger."
Background
Fourteen lower echelon officials of the Communist Party USA (CPUSA) were charged with violating the Smith Act by being members of the CPUSA in California. The Smith Act made it unlawful to advocate or organize the destruction or overthrow of any government in the United States by force. The appellants claimed that the Communist Party was engaged in passive political activities and that any violation of the Smith Act must involve active attempts to overthrow the government.
Opinion
To a large extent, the holding of the Yates case after the Dennis case reflects the judicial philosophy of Chief Justice Warren who advocates for greater freedom of speech in comparison to Fred M. Vinson.
The Supreme Court of the United States ruled 6–1 to overturn the convictions. It construed the Smith Act narrowly, stating that the term "organize" meant to form an organization, not to take action on behalf of an organization. The Court drew a distinction between actual advocacy to action and mere belief. The Court ruled that the Smith Act did not prohibit "advocacy of forcible overthrow of the government as an abstract doctrine." The Court recognized that "advocacy to action" circumstances would be "few and far between."
Writing for the majority, Justice John Marshall Harlan introduced the notion of balancing society's right of self-preservation against the right to free speech. He wrote:
In a concurring opinion Justice Hugo Black wrote:
With respect to evidence required to convict in the absence of an appropriate standard, Black wrote:
Yates did not rule the Smith Act unconstitutional, but limited its application to such a degree that it became nearly unenforceable. The Yates decision outraged some conservative members of Congress, who introduced legislation to limit judicial review of certain sentences related to sedition and treason, which did not pass.
The appellants' convictions were reversed and the case was remanded to District Court for a retrial.
Reaction
The decision was announced on the same day as several other decisions in which communists were on the winning side, including Watkins v. United States and Sweezy v. New Hampshire (with the same majority and dissent). The day was called "Red Monday" by some anti-communists who disagreed with the decision. FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover called the decisions "the greatest victory the Communist Party in America ever received." President Eisenhower evaded questions about the decisions at a press conference, but wrote a letter to the Chief Justice after reports that he was "mad as hell" about them. The day was viewed as an indication of the Court's assertiveness under its new Chief Justice, with Time magazine headlining its coverage "U.S. Supreme Court: New Direction". Journalist I. F. Stone said the day "will go down in the history books as the day on which the Supreme Court irreparably crippled the witch hunt."
See also
Smith Act trials of communist party leaders
Brandenburg v. Ohio
Hess v. Indiana
References
External links
University of Pittsburgh: The Persecution of Oleta O'Connor Yates (1951)
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Free Speech Clause case law
McCarthyism
1957 in United States case law
Communist Party USA litigation
American Civil Liberties Union litigation
Overruled United States Supreme Court decisions
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
Sir Cecil Cuthbert Parrott (29 January 1909 - 23 June 1984) was a British diplomat, translator, writer and scholar.
After studies at Peterhouse, Cambridge, he became a teacher. He joined the Foreign Office in 1939. His diplomatic career culminated with his posting to Prague, where he was the British Ambassador from 1960 to 1966. On retiring from the Foreign Office, he became first Professor of Russian and Soviet Studies and later Professor of Central and South-Eastern European Studies and Director of the Comenius Centre at the University of Lancaster.
Parrott is best known for his translation of Jaroslav Hašek's The Good Soldier Švejk. He also translated some of Hašek's short stories, The Red Commissar. He also wrote a study of Hašek's short stories
He wrote two autobiographical volumes, The Tightrope and The Serpent and the Nightingale, as well as his biography of Hašek, The Bad Bohemian.
His son, Jasper Parrott, is a businessman involved in artists' management.
Notes
External links
Profile, NationalArchives.gov.uk
Profile, gazettes-online.co.uk
Propagandistic documentary Vysoká hra (1977), where is mentioned also Cecil Parrott (in Czech, first mentioned at time 4:54)
1909 births
1984 deaths
Academics of Lancaster University
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Czechoslovakia
English translators
Members of HM Diplomatic Service
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century British translators
20th-century British diplomats
Methantheline is an antimuscarinic.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Carboxylate esters
Xanthenes
Abandoned drugs
Zhai Yongming (born 1955) is a Chinese poet, essayist and screenwriter from Chengdu, in the southwest Sichuan Province. Born during the Maoist era, Zhai was forcibly sent away for two years to do manual labor in the countryside as part of the Cultural Revolution, eventually returning to Chengdu to work as a poet. Her poems began getting published in 1981, but her rise to critical acclaim came with the release of her poem cycle 'Woman' (published between 1984 and 1986), featuring one of the first instances of a socially-aware woman expressing her societal perspectives in Chinese literature. She has been marked by scholars as a foundational Chinese feminist poet, being the first to explore elements of gender and feminine identity beyond the scope of the male-oriented gaze; 'Woman' has even been appointed as the starting point for the subsequent 'Black Tornado' era of confessional Chinese women writers. Among her most notable works include poetry works are 'Jing'an Village (1985),' 'Plain Songs in the Dark Night (1997),' 'Collected Poems by Zhai Yongming (1994),' 'The Most Tactful Words (2009),' and 'Roaming the Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang (2015).'
Though she was born during the Cultural Revolution's era of 'Misty Poets (朦胧诗人)' writers, scholars tentatively agree that she belongs to the succeeding 'Newborn Generation (xinsheng dai 新生代)' poets as she had pushed their literary style further.
Zhai lived in the United States briefly from 1990 to 1992, and later in her career she opened a bar in Chengdu called White Nights, which became a well-known hub for artists to congregate at during cultural festivals. She often travels between Chengdu, Europe and the United States for international conferences and poetry festivals.
Zhai has screenwriter credits through co-writing with filmmaker Jia Zhangke on his movie 24 City, and is a co-founder of Wings, a Chinese feminist poetry journal.
Biography
Early life
Zhai was born and raised in Chengdu, China, in the southwest of Sichuan Province. Like many others in her youth, she was made to work in the countryside as part of the Maoist era's plans for a Cultural Revolution, which reflected the idealistic push for women's entrance in the workforce as a means of gaining national wealth. The hardships she endured during her two years of labouring became one of her main inspirational themes at the start of her career.
Education
Zhai enrolled into the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China in 1976 after her mandatory labour was done, graduating in 1980. Having majored in the study of laser technologies, she decided to work as an engineer at the Physics Research Institute, before eventually quitting in 1986 to pursue her poetry career.
Career Motivations & Personal Beliefs
Zhai's reasoning for giving up the financial stability of her job at the Research Institute was that she felt too constricted by its rigorous environment, believing that her prospects for promotion were unsatisfactory. While this choice was shocking to her peers and family, Zhai reaffirmed that poetry was her own religion; it provided her with the freedom of expression she longed for and the ability to take control of her life, granting her more fulfillment than money and status could.
The poet revealed her personal sense of duty as writer towards Chinese women who may not have the option to voice their opinions against societal injustices. She also points out her disdain for the pre-destined role of the 'female poet,' women writers who were only accepted as long as they did not threaten patriarchal norms with outspoken verse.
One of her values as a writer lies in staying true to her roots: while she is not opposed to Chinese literary trends and the complexities of poetic verse, she wishes to follow her own intuition regarding poetic language and thematic choices. She stands by the knowledge that her status as a woman comes before her poet identity; her works continuously hold a conscious acknowledgement of women's oppression as she navigates the waves of Chinese literati culture.
Style and Thought
Poetic Influences
Among her more notable poetic influences, a major inspiration for Zhai's early works is American poet Sylvia Plath, herself a world renowned feminist poet. Plath's confessional style and 'dark' imagery can be seen reflected in Zhai's poem cycles, especially in collective works like 'Woman' and 'Plain Songs in the Dark Night' and most explicitly in 'Song of the Café,' written in 1993 after Zhai's return from America. As Plath inspired Zhai's use of dark themes and complex depictions of death, her influence subsequently helped build the emergence of the 'Black Tornado' era of Chinese feminist poetry through Zhai's own groundbreaking initiatives.
Additionally, Plath and Zhai share a similar distaste towards modern technology and science's influential hold on social order, this apprehension stemming from its potential of pushing individuals towards a destructive mindset of self-alienation, though Zhai's own sentiments are depicted more subtly.
Zhai has also expressed a strong love for the Irish poet W.B. Yeats, naming him as one of her strongest influences during her interview with Jia Zhang-Ke.
The poet does not shy away from writing about how other artists' works have inspired her poetry, composing an entire poetic piece based on the emotional journey she experienced while observing fellow artist Huang Gongwang's famous painting "Dwelling In The Fuchun Mountains" (completed between 1347 and 1350). This inspired Zhai to write her landscape poem "Roaming the Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang" (2015).
Main Themes: Gender, Femininity, Darkness, the Subconscious Mind and the Dream
Zhai's works predominantly rely on re-shaping normalized concepts gender and femininity, using imagery of darkness and the night to convey unquantifiable depths of emotion in her poetic dialogues. The poet exploits the night's traditionally 'feminine' connotations in Chinese culture to create metaphors for women's pain and explore their psyches under the quiet cover of moonlight. Her acclaimed poetry collection 'Woman' features poems exploring the subconscious feminine mind through such metaphors of darkness and dream, as well as providing a space where women who would normally feel invisible in the daytime can be 'seen' in the enlightening poetic space Zhai creates for them. Using this "nocturnal writing" style as a gateway for women's self-reflexive, subconscious progressive thoughts was radical for her time, as the traditionally quiet, feminine night suddenly became a symbol for societal reform. The metaphorical cover of night provided Zhai with a space to express the seriousness of her feminist dialogues by passing them off as a fantasy 'dream world,' tentatively pushing women to wonder about the strangeness of their positions in the world's supposed 'natural order.' Nighttime thus became a space for renewal, change exploration of the self.
Nonetheless, the poet explicitly shares her frustrations towards the perception of women's literature as solely residing on political reform, stating that her works are more than just a cry for women's liberation. In the constant re-framing of women's poetry as anti-patriarchy texts, she believes the core goals of celebrating womanhood and its many complexities becomes muddled, thus reducing the scope of meaning for 'women's poetry' to its association with men.
Zhai also strives to blur concepts of gender identity in her later writing, asserting that the lyrical "I" in her poems is never specified to be feminine. She explains that while she does use gendered imagery, she actively refutes 'inherent' connotations of masculine or feminine, further highlighting how normalized assumptions of patriarchal power imbalance pervade an artist's imaginary world just as in real life.
Addressing 'Taboo' Topics
Zhai is known as one of the first women writers in China to discuss the non-beautiful aspects of femininity including things like the trials of childbirth, menstruation, and the transformations of the female body with age, all subjects that are traditionally considered taboo.
She also expressed her dissatisfaction with the country's socio-political endeavours, namely criticizing how tone-deaf it is to highlight the beauty of natural landscapes in the context of the modern urbanization of city life. In other words, Zhai resents the capitalization of the 'pastoral' effect, one where the sensations of loss of nature's inherent beauty is sold to the public by implementing portioned reminders of its splendour, such as the existence of private beaches or the insertion of artificial lakes in industrialized cities. This theme of uneasy nostalgia is central in her work "Roaming the Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang" (2015), as her own class consciousness and environmentalist values lead to a discussion of the wavering balance between human life and the natural world: while both used to co-exist harmoniously, current societal shifts towards natural destruction may affect the human soul.
On her other political views, Zhai openly speaks about the spiritual and psychological suffering she and many others endured as a result of the Cultural Revolution's Maoist agenda, comparing the experience to becoming alienated from the land. To be forced into a harsh rural lifestyle under authoritarian watch was nothing short of disheartening, and Zhai focuses on this overwhelming loneliness in her poetry.
Her poetry collection “Most Tactful Phrases” highlights intersectionality as a new perspective on the status of Chinese modernism, as the country's current political pushes for ‘regime change' continually disregarded the underlying intersectional feminism, thus continuing to negate opportunities for women's progress.
Style from 80s to 90s
Zhai's style of writing in the eighties consisted of viewing the world from a historical perspective while employing a distinctly structured and direct style of prose, though by the nineties her writing becomes more flexible and fragmentary regarding the specificity of language. Her nineties style also took on a reserved air, indicating a rise in maturity for the poet: upon returning from her two-year American stay, Zhai showed her growth as a writer in “Song of the Café” (1993), which featured realistic narrative modes through the characters' perspectives as opposed to her usual confessional speaker.
Bibliography
Poetry collections
Nüren (女人) (Woman) (1984) (1986)
Jing'an Village (1985)
Living In This World (1986)
The Designs of Death (1987)
Calling It All (1988)
Above All the Roses (1989)
"The Body" (1991)
"Song of the Café" (1993)
Collected Poems of Zhai Yongming (1994)
Plain Songs in the Dark Night (1997)
Zhai Yongming Poetry Record: The Most Tactful Words (2009)
Fourteen Plain Songs (2011)
The Changing Room: Selected Poetry by Zhai Yongming (2011)
"Roaming the Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang" (2015)
Other Published Works
Tales of White Nights (2008) (Essay Collection)
Critical Reception
Zhai's contemporaries and scholarly critics alike have dubbed her "the avant-garde poet of the third generation" due to her many progressive contributions to Chinese feminist literati culture, in addition to earning the title of a "stream of consciousness" poet thanks to her writing style.
When faced with criticism for supposed hypocrisy in attacking patriarchal systems in "The Most Tactful Phrases" (2009), Chinese critic Deng Wenhua stood in defence of Zhai's poetic dialogues. Rather than hold the helm as an 'anti-patriarchy figure' for women, he stressed that the poet's main goal in altering her prosaic style was the exploration of methods to unravel gendered nuances in Chinese literary culture.
References
General references
Da, Nan Z. “On the Decipherment of Modern China and Spurned Lovers: Zhai Yongming's Most Tactful Phrases.” Signs: Journal of Women in Culture and Society, 2015, pp. 667-693.
Dudley, Andrew. "Interview with Jia Zhang-Ke.” Film Quarterly, 2009, pp. 80-83.
Jaguścik, Justyna. “The Time Travels of a Handscroll: Past and Present in Zhai Yongming's Landscape Poem 'Roaming the Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang.'” International Communications of Chinese Culture, 2019, pp. 71-84.
Jaguścik, Justyna. “The Woman Attempting to Disrupt the Ritual.” Harvard Asia Quarterly, 2014, pp. 60-70.
Jin, Siyan and Wen, Isabelle. “A Commitment Both Existential and Linguistic: Zhai Yongming.” Subjective Writing in Contemporary Chinese Literature, Chinese University Press, 2020, pp. 231-251.
Lingenfelter, Andrea. “Opposition and Adaptation in the Poetry of Zhai Yongming and Xia Yu.” New Perspectives on Contemporary Chinese Poetry, Palgrave MacMillian, 2008, pp. 105-120.
Proctor-Xu, Jami. “Zhai Yongming - Escaping Alone.” Chinese Literature Today, 2010, pp. 25.
Proctor-Xu, Jami. "Three Contemporary Chinese Poets." Left Curve, 2012, pp. 83-83,144.
Tao, Naikan. “Building A White Tower at Night: Zhai Yongming's Poetry.” World Literature Today, 1999, pp. 409-416.
Yu Yan. “Sound of Solitude - China's Premier Poetess Breaks the Mold in Pursuit of Art.” Beijing Review, 19 Jan. 2012, pp. 44-45.
Zhai, Yongming. "Yu Yang Shuang yi xi tan (In Conversation with Justyna Jaguscik)." Xin Shi Pin-glun, 2012, pp. 255–276.
Zhai, Yongming. "Sui Huang Gongwang you Fuchunshan (Roaming Fuchun Mountains with Huang Gongwang)." Beijing: China CITIC Press, 2016.
Zhang, Xiaohong. “An Ecofeminist Perspective on Sylvia Plath and Zhai Yongming.” Comparative Literature Studies, 2018, pp. 799-811.
Further reading
Chinese Writers on Writing featuring Zhai Yongming. Ed. Arthur Sze. (Trinity University Press, 2010).
External links
Translation of poetry by Zhai Yongming
Chinese women poets
People's Republic of China poets
1955 births
Living people
Writers from Chengdu
20th-century Chinese women writers
20th-century Chinese writers
21st-century Chinese women writers
21st-century Chinese writers
Poets from Sichuan
A leadership spill in the Australian Labor Party, the party of opposition in the Parliament of Australia, was held on 30 April 1968. It followed leader Gough Whitlam's decision to resign the leadership following the party executives refusal to seat new Tasmanian delegate Brian Harradine, to which Whitlam demanded a vote of confidence from his caucus. Whitlam received 38 votes to left-winger Jim Cairns' 32 in an unexpectedly close poll.
Candidates
Jim Cairns, Member of the ALP Caucus Executive, Member for Yarra
Gough Whitlam, incumbent Leader, Member for Werriwa
Results
The following table gives the ballot results:
References
Australian Labor Party leadership spills
Australian Labor Party leadership spill
Abies nordmanniana, the Nordmann fir or Caucasian fir, is a fir indigenous to the mountains south and east of the Black Sea, in Turkey, Georgia and the Russian Caucasus. It occurs at altitudes of 900–2,200 m on mountains with precipitation of over 1,000 mm.
The current distribution of the Nordmann fir is associated with the forest refugia that existed during the Ice Age at the eastern and southern Black Sea coast. In spite of currently suitable climate, the species is not found in areas of the Eastern Greater Caucasus, which are separated from the Black Sea Coast by more than 400–500 km.
Description
It is a large evergreen coniferous tree growing to 55–61 m tall and with a trunk diameter of up to 2 m. In the Western Caucasus Reserve, some specimens have been reported to be and even tall, the tallest trees in the Caucasus, Anatolia, the Russian Federation and the continent of Europe.
The leaves are needle-like, flattened, 1.8–3.5 cm long and 2 mm wide by 0.5 mm thick, glossy dark green above, and with two blue-white bands of stomata below. The tip of the leaf is usually blunt, often slightly notched at the tip, but can be pointed, particularly on strong-growing shoots on young trees. The cones are 10–20 cm long and 4–5 cm broad, with about 150–200 scales, each scale with an exserted bract and two winged seeds; they disintegrate when mature to release the seeds.
Taxonomy
The species is named by Christian von Steven after his compatriot, the Finnish zoologist Alexander von Nordmann (1803–1866), who was the director of the Odessa Botanical Gardens.
Subspecies
There are two subspecies (treated as distinct species by some botanists), intergrading where they meet in northern Turkey at about 36°E longitude:
Caucasian fir (Abies nordmanniana subsp. nordmanniana). Native to the Caucasus mountains and eastern Pontic Mountains of northeastern Turkey west to about 36°E. Shoots often pubescent (hairy).
Turkish fir (Abies nordmanniana subsp. equi-trojani). Native to northwestern Turkey, including the western Pontic Mountains as well as Uludağ and other mountains southeast of the Sea of Marmara. Often treated as a separate species, Abies bornmuelleriana. In Turkey this subspecies is treated as a distinct species (Abies equi-trojani Asch. & Sint. ex Bois.). It is endemic to a single location on Kaz Dağı (Mount Ida) in Balıkesir Province, northwestern Turkey. This subspecies occupies an area of only 164 km2 and is assessed as "Endangered". Its shoots are usually glabrous (hairless).
Uses
The Nordmann fir is one of the most important species grown for Christmas trees, being favoured for its attractive foliage, with needles that are not sharp and do not drop readily when the tree dries out.
It is also a popular ornamental tree in parks and large gardens, and along with the cultivar 'Golden Spreader' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
In Europe, the tree has also been used for reforestation as a way to mitigate expected forest decline caused by climate changes.
The wood is soft and white, and is used for general construction, paper, etc.
Gallery
References
External links
theplantlist.org: Abies nordmanniana (Steven) Spach
iucnredlist.org: Abies nordmanniana ssp. nordmanniana
Gymnosperm Database: Abies nordmanniana
conifersaroundtheworld.com: Abies nordmanniana NBG Belgium Meise
rhs.org.uk: Abies nordmanniana
Abies nordmanniana. Distribution map, genetic conservation units and related resources. European Forest Genetic Resources Programme (EUFORGEN)
nordmanniana
Least concern plants
Ornamental trees
Trees of Azerbaijan
Trees of Georgia (country)
Trees of Russia
Trees of Turkey
Natural history of Anatolia
Orthetrum triangulare is an Asian freshwater dragonfly species. The common name for this species is blue-tailed forest hawk. Two subspecies of Orthetrum triangulare are currently recognised, the nominate subspecies and O. t. malaccense.
Description and habitat
It is a medium sized dragonfly with dark face and bluish eyes. Its thorax is also black with a broad apple green stripe on both sides. Segments 1-2 and 8-10 in the abdomen are black and the remaining segments are pruinosed with azure blue. It is usually found in marshes associated with hill streams where it breeds.
See also
List of odonates of Sri Lanka
List of odonates of India
List of odonata of Kerala
References
External links
Insects described in 1878
Insects of Asia
Libellulidae
Maarten Schops (born 3 April 1976) is a Belgian former footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Schops started out with Belgian club Lommel. In 1996, he joined Dutch side Roda JC, where he won the KNVB Cup in his first season, scoring in the final. During the second half of the 1997–98 season, he was loaned out to fellow Eredivisie team RKC Waalwijk, and in the summer of 1998, he made a permanent transfer to the club. In October 2000, Schops was loaned out to RBC Roosendaal for the remainder of the season, as his services were no longer needed at RKC Waalwijk. He subsequently had short periods playing for FC Zwolle (Eredivisie) and FC Den Bosch (Eerste Divisie) before leaving the Netherlands for Verbroedering Geel in his home country. In 2005, he moved to Germany, where he played in the lower leagues.
Honours
Roda JC
KNVB Cup: 1996–97
References
1976 births
Living people
Footballers from Flemish Brabant
Belgian footballers
Association football midfielders
K.F.C. Lommel S.K. players
Roda JC Kerkrade players
RKC Waalwijk players
RBC Roosendaal players
PEC Zwolle players
FC Den Bosch players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Sportspeople from Leuven
Castles Forlorn is an accessory for the Ravenloft campaign setting for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents
In Castles Forlorn, the player characters explore the eight-level Tristenoria mansion, which exists simultaneously in three time periods, though all three incarnations occupy the same physical space. Castle A, the first incarnation, exists (in 1939 on the Forfar calendar) when the mortar is still fresh, the candelabras still gleam, and the view out the window shows green hills and bright skies. A century later, Castle B exists in a time where supernatural disasters have cracked the plaster, shattered the glass, and blackened the skies. In 2122, Castle C lies in ruin; cobwebs choke the corridors, the walls have collapsed, and the view from the windows reveals a ravaged landscape and scavenging monsters.
While exploring the castle, the PCs activate temporal shifts that spin the castle into the three different eras. By assigning colors to the various incarnations (red for Castle A, blue for Castle B, green for Castle C), the poster map shows which rooms and doors exist in each period. The text offers suggestions for handling paradoxes (such as when different PCs occupy the same room in different time periods) and measuring time. (Time may pass independently in each incarnation.)
The rest of the package focuses on the domain of Forlorn and its minions. Tristen ApBlanc, the lord of Forlorn, is part vampire and part ghost. A section on druidism reveals the spell-casting secrets of redheaded humans. Landmarks include a granite cliff that weeps blood and a half-mile fissure that spews yellow vapor to enshroud the domain.
Publication history
Castles Forlorn was published by TSR, Inc. as a boxed set containing one 96-page book, two 32-page books, one double-sided 32" x 21" map sheet, one single-sided 32" x 21" map sheet, and one 32" x 21" poster. Design was by Lisa Smedman and editing by David Wise, with a cover by Dana M. Knutson and illustrations by Stephen Fabian, Arnie Swekel, and Robert Klasnich.
Reception
Rick Swan reviewed Castles Forlorn for Dragon magazine #205 (May 1994). According to Swan, the set features a "terrific castle", citing its twist of existing simultaneously in three time periods. He describes the results as "startling, to say the least. A door appears, then disappears. A dark passage fills with light, then goes dark again. A plush bedroom with expensive furniture becomes a musty chamber piled with debris, with bloody hand prints smeared on the walls." He noted that while the text offers sensible suggestions for handling paradoxes and measuring time, "the text includes everything but a developed adventure; instead, we're given an assortment of hazards and encouraged to "build tension gradually by saving the nastiest surprises for last." That's easier said than done, especially for novice referees who require a lot more structure than this to get a campaign off the ground." He felt that the Forlorn material "mixes the clever with the ordinary", noting that while Tristen ApBlanc "could teach Count Strahd a thing or two about ghastliness", a lot of the other material "seems like filler", in that some of the locations such as the Sacred Groves and the Caverns of the Dead "aren't much more interesting than their names", some of the ghostly NPCs "work better as obstacles than personalities", and Aggie, "a clone of the Loch Ness Monster, doesn't have much to do other than pose for the cover". Swan concluded the review by saying: "In the hands of a creative referee, Castles Forlorn can be a source of endless surprise. If, for instance, the party steals a book from a room in Castle C, then later tosses a fireball into the Castle A incarnation of the same room, the stolen book may turn to ash in their hands. Think of the Forlorn material as a bonus; get this for the castle."
Reviews
White Wolf #43
References
Ravenloft
The 1994 Preakness Stakes was the 119th running of the Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race. The race took place on May 21, 1994, and was televised in the United States on the ABC television network. Tabasco Cat, who was jockeyed by Pat Day, won the race by three quarters of a lengths over runner-up Go For Gin. Approximate post time was 5:32 p.m. Eastern Time. The race was run over a fast track in a final time of 1:56-2/5. The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 99,834, this is recorded as second highest on the list of American thoroughbred racing top attended events for North America in 1994.
Payout
The 119th Preakness Stakes Payout Schedule
$2 Exacta: (2–3) paid $34.20
$2 Trifecta: (2–3–1) paid $160.40
The full chart
Winning Breeder: Overbrook Farms & David P. Reynolds; (KY)
Final Time: 1:56 2/5
Track Condition: Fast
Total Attendance: 99,834
See also
1994 Kentucky Derby
References
External links
1994
1994 in horse racing
1994 in American sports
1994 in sports in Maryland
Horse races in Maryland
Isao Yamase (born 16 December 1954) is a Japanese biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Japanese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Japan
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Hokkaido
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
The 2013 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth round of the 2013 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 17–19 May 2013 at the Bugatti Circuit in Le Mans, France.
Classification
MotoGP
Moto2
The race was red-flagged on lap 24 of 26 due to rain; the final results were taken from the end of lap 22.
Moto3
Championship standings after the race (MotoGP)
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round four has concluded.
Riders' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
References
French motorcycle Grand Prix
French
Motorcycle Grand Prix
French motorcycle Grand Prix
Julie Salmon (born 8 July 1965) is a British former international tennis player. She competed in the Fed Cup a number of times, from 1988 to 1993. She was the last British survivor in singles competition at Wimbledon 1988, reaching the third round.
References
External links
Julie Salmon at australianopen.com
Thomas Bonk. Wimbledon Roundup : Graf Storms Past Salmon in the First Round, 6-1, 6-2. The Los Angeles Times. June 28, 1989. Retrieved (2011-11-15).
1965 births
Living people
British female tennis players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Translation movement may refer to:
Graeco-Arabic translation movement (9th–10th centuries)
Arabo-Latin translation movement (12th century)
Great Translation Movement against 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine (February 2020– )
Tate Peak () is a sharp peak, 1,885 m, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) east of Escalade Peak at the south side of Skelton Neve in the Van Allen Range. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1964 for Lieutenant T.N. Tate, U.S. Navy, public works officer at McMurdo Station, 1963.
Mountains of Oates Land
The Morocco national beach soccer team represents Morocco in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Royal Moroccan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Morocco.
Achievements
CAF Beach Soccer Championship
2006 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Sixth Place
2007 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Did not enter
2008 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Did not enter
2009 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Round 1
2011 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Round 1
2013 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Third Place
2015 CAF Beach Soccer Championship – Fifth Place
2016 Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations – Fourth Place
2018 Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations - Fourth Place
2021 Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations – Third Place
2021 Africa Beach Soccer Cup of Nations
Group B
Semi finals
Winners qualify for the 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Third place play-off
Current squad
Correct as of May 2021.
Coach: Mustafa El Haddaoui
References
External links
Squad
African national beach soccer teams
Beach Soccer
A doubly terminated crystal (or double-terminated crystal) is a crystal with natural faces on both ends.
References
Crystals
In molecular biology, CagZ is a protein produced by Helicobacter pylori (Campylobacter pylori). It is a 23 kDa protein consisting of a single compact L-shaped domain, composed of seven alpha-helices that run antiparallel to each other. 70% of the amino acids are in alpha-helix conformation and no beta-sheet is present. CagZ is essential for the translocation of the pathogenic protein CagA into host cells.
References
Protein domains
Helicobacter pylori
The men's Greco-Roman 130 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 13.
Medalists
Results
Legend
C — Won by 3 cautions given to the opponent
F — Won by fall
Final
Top half
Bottom half
Repechage
References
Official website
Men's Greco-Roman 99 kg
The Roods Landing site or Roods Creek Mounds (9SW1) is an archaeological site located south of Omaha, Stewart County, Georgia, United States at the confluence of Rood Creek and the Chattahoochee River. It is a Middle Woodland / Mississippian period Pre-Columbian complex of earthen mounds. It was entered on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1975.
Site description
The location is a large multimound site with eight platform mounds. The largest mound at the site is Mound A, at in height, with a base, and summit measuring by . This summit had 3 wattle and daub structures and was covered with a surface of yellow clay with a raised lip forming a parapet around the edge of the summit. Structure 1 was located at the center of the summit and the other structures were arranged around it to either side. The mound had two ramps leading from the summit (with openings in the clay parapet structure) to the ground level, each measuring in length, in width where they join the summit, and where they meet ground level. One faced northwest on a plaza opposite Mound E, the other lead to the southwest.
Excavations
Clarence Bloomfield Moore attempted to excavate the site. It reminded him of Moundville which it somewhat resembles. However, he was denied permission. The site was excavated in 1955 by Joseph Caldwell but has not been excavated since.
It is considered a major site with multiple mounds and is accessible only through scheduled tours.
See also
Cayson Mound and Village Site
Yon Mound and Village Site
Fort Walton culture
List of Mississippian sites
References
South Appalachian Mississippian culture
Archaeological sites in Georgia (U.S. state)
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Geography of Stewart County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County, Georgia
Edith Ella Baldwin (November 19, 1870, Worcester, Massachusetts – February 21, 1941) was an American painter of portraits and miniatures, a craftswoman, and writer. She studied in Paris at Académie Julian, under William-Adolphe Bouguereau and Tony Robert-Fleury; at the Angelo Colarossi studios under Gustave-Claude-Etienne Courtois, also under Julius Rolshoven and Henry Mosler.
At the Salon of the Champ de Mars, she exhibited a portrait in pastel, in 1901; at exhibitions of the Society of American Artists in 1898 and 1899, she exhibited miniatures; also pictures in oils at Worcester, 1903. A collection of her writings are held by Duke University. These include unpublished stories, novels, poetry, and lecture notes, as well as diary excerpts. Her writings covered the timeless themes of love and religion, but also contemporary issues including automobiles, labor strikes, and women's rights.
References
1848 births
1920 deaths
Painters from Massachusetts
American portrait painters
American women painters
Writers from Worcester, Massachusetts
Académie Julian alumni
Académie Colarossi alumni
19th-century American painters
19th-century American writers
19th-century American women writers
20th-century American painters
20th-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
American expatriates in France
Albert Ross may refer to:
People
Albert Ross (Albatros), whose name is reputed to inspire Albatros automobiles
Albert Ross (footballer) (1916–1998), English footballer
Albert Randolph Ross (1868–1948), American architect with widespread works
Albert S. Ross, architect in Oklahoma, United States
Albert Henry Ross (1881–1950), English advertising agent and freelance writer
Albert Ross, defendant of the United States v. Ross court case
Albert Ross, retired owner of the Ross
Albert Ross, co-collaborator of the song, "Ahoy There!", from the Mr. Scruff album, Trouser Jazz
Other uses
Albert Ross, fictional character of the 1987 novel Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
Albert Ross, fictional one-time character, portrayed by John Henshaw, of "The Heart of a Man", the television episode of Heartbeat
"Albert Ross", song by Deviations Project from self-titled album, derivative of Fleetwood Mac song, "Albatross"
"Albert Ross", song by Medium 21 from Killings from the Dial
See also
Al Ross (disambiguation)
They Call Us Misfits () is a Swedish documentary film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 25 March 1968, directed, produced and written by Stefan Jarl and Jan Lindqvist. The film is an uncompromising account of the life of two alienated teenagers, Kenneth "Kenta" Gustafsson (1948–2003) and Gustav "Stoffe" Svensson (1950–1978). The film, like its successor Ett anständigt liv (1979; A Respectable Life) takes a close but non-moralizing look at the joys and growing pains of mod and "junkie" street culture in Stockholm at the time.
Synopsis
The film begins with an interview with Tompa, a friend of Kenta and Stoffe. He tells how he grew up in orphanages and juvenile prisons. He says that freedom hardly exists for him, but one thing is he sure of is that the time he spent with Kenta and Stoffe and the other mods was the most enjoyable time of his life. The interview cuts to Kenta and Stoffe running through the streets of Stockholm filmed with a fisheye lens. Later, we see them walking around at the subway station T-Centralen in Stockholm. They meet friends and go around begging people for food, beer and cigarettes. The workers who are passing by get ridiculed by Kenta and Stoffe.
Another friend of the guys, Jojje, talks about how alcohol will destroy them in time, but that he doesn't worry much about it right now. The filmmakers have fixed a small apartment for Kenta and Stoffe which is a big difference for the guys who previously slept outdoors or in the apartments of others. Kenta and Stoffe talk about their childhood. Stoffe's father drank himself broke and died in a hospital. Kenta's father tried to strangle him with a tie. Stoffe also remembers that he thought it was fun to play at home when he was little. We see the two guys go to "4:an", a club for young people. Stoffe likes to be with many girls, but tells Eva, who he sleeps with, that he wants her for himself. Kenta and Stoffe make a musical performance, where they play a song by The Zombies.
It is now winter and a trip to Hedemora in Dalarna is taken accompanied by Hasse. They plan to visit Stoffe's childhood friend Ingmar. On the train, they drink beer, smoke pot and make jokes. The mood is high, but they decide they can't stay in Hedemora—the contrast from the big city of Stockholm is too great. Stoffe thinks nothing happens in Hedemora.
In Stockholm, there is Peter, who earns 400 kronor a day by selling drugs, and Lunkan, who got hepatitis from an infected hypodermic syringe. It is summer and Kenta and Stoffe are not working and have nowhere to live. Their friendship is being worn down. Kenta doesn't think Stoffe is a good friend anymore since he started seeing Eva. One night, the guys go searching for empty stairwells to stay in, but they start arguing and Stoffe leaves. Kenta finds an empty stairwell and lays himself down, opens up a beer and starts reading a cartoon magazine. The same night, Stoffe gets taken in by the police.
Music
"Fisheye" by Lea Riders Group
"Leave Me Be" by Chris White
"Den glade bagarn i San Remo" by Evert Taube
"Dom kallar oss mods" by Lea Riders Group
Reception
In Stockholm newspapers, the film received generally good reviews. It expressed solidarity with the project itself, which meant that the writers basically took away from a formal and aesthetic value of the film. In the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet, Carl Henry Svenstedt said: "A more conventional critique would seem cynical, about a problem whose solution we all have responsibility for." What Kenta and Stoffe thought about the movie was never revealed, as they were arrested at the premiere for causing a commotion.
Movie Facts and Feats: A Guinness Record Book refers to this film as the first to depict unsimulated sexual intercourse.
References
External links
1968 films
Swedish documentary films
1968 documentary films
Documentary films about adolescence
Films directed by Stefan Jarl
1960s Swedish films
HMS Nymphe was a Nymphe-class composite screw sloop and the fifth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name. She was renamed HMS Wildfire in 1906, HMS Gannet in 1916, and finally HMS Pembroke in 1917, before she was sold in 1920.
Construction and service history
Developed and constructed for the Royal Navy on a design by William Henry White, Director of Naval Construction, she was launched at Sheerness Dockyard on 1 May 1888.
Commander Richard Bowles Farquhar was in command until 16 February 1900, when she paid off at Portsmouth for repairs.
Fate
From August 1914 she was a shore training ship at Sheerness, was later renamed Wildfire and was sold to Ward of Milford Haven for breaking in February 1920.
References
Nymphe-class sloops
Ships built in Portsmouth
1888 ships
Victorian-era sloops of the United Kingdom
Royal Navy shore establishments
The Schönebeck–Güsten railway is a railway in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. The line is, with the exception of the Schönebeck (Elbe)–Schönebeck-Salzelmen section, single track and not electrified.
History
The line was opened in two sections. The Schönebeck–Staßfurt section was opened on 12 May 1857. The line was operated by the Magdeburg-Leipzig Railway Company (Magdeburg-Leipziger Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft). Together with the main line, branches were built to the salt pans in Schönebeck and Staßfurt and a freight line was built from Staßfurt to Löderburg. A lignite mine was also opened near the line in Eggersdorf in the same year. The main purpose of the line was to promote the development of mines in order to increase freight traffic. Stations were built on the line in Eggersdorf, Eickendorf and Förderstedt. On 12 April 1866, the Magdeburg–Halberstadt Railway Company (Magdeburg-Halberstädter Eisenbahngesellschaft) opened a line from Bernburg via Güsten to Aschersleben with a branch from Güsten to Staßfurt. This created a continuous route from Magdeburg via Staßfurt to Aschersleben. The Magdeburg-Halberstadt Railway took over the Magdeburg-Leipzig Railway in 1876. It, in turn, was taken over by the state of Prussia in 1879. Also in the 1870s, the Berlin–Blankenheim railway was built as part of the Kanonenbahn ("cannons railway") project, which connected Güsten on the one hand directly to Berlin, and, on the other hand, to Thuringia and Hesse. Güsten became a large railway junction.
The shortest connection between the cities (now state capitals) of Magdeburg and Erfurt runs over the Schönebeck–Güsten railway. In 1929, for example, a pair of semi-fast trains (Eilzüge) operated on this line. A pair of express trains (D-Züge) running between Berlin and Mainz/Wiesbaden also used the line. Services from Magdeburg to Bad Salzelmen had already been intensified at that time, while on the other sections passenger trains ran approximately hourly.
In 1974, Schönebeck-Salzelmen was connected to the network of the Magdeburg S-Bahn. This required the electrification of the Schönebeck-Schönebeck-Salzelmen section. In the winter of 1975, three pairs of express trains operated between Magdeburg and Erfurt, stopping in Schönebeck, Staßfurt and Güsten. About half of the passenger trains from Schönebeck ran towards Güsten and Aschersleben, while the rest ended in Güsten or continued south to Sangerhausen. Services on the line were similar in the 1991/92 timetable.
According to the law of 23 August 1999 implementing the state development plan of Saxony-Anhalt, passenger services of InterRegio quality were to be made available between Magdeburg and Erfurt. An upgrade of the Erfurt–port of Rostock route via Güsten and Schönebeck for freight transport was planned. From 2000, the Berlin–Wernigerode excursion train was routed over the Schönebeck–Güsten line, because the Berlin–Blankenheim railway had been abandoned northeast of Güsten. In the same year, class 218 diesel locomotives were briefly used to haul passenger trains; these were then replaced by locomotives of class 232. In 2003, the line was included in the Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan (Bundesverkehrswegeplan). The double tracking of the line to enable a maximum line speed of 120 km/h was envisaged. Passenger traffic has been mainly operated with Siemens Desiro Classic (class 642) diesel railcars since 2006. In the same year, the DB Regio subsidiary Elbe Saale Bahn began operations of the Magdeburg–Aschersleben Regionalbahn service, while Deutsche Bahn continued to operate Regional-Express services between Magdeburg and Erfurt.
The line south of Schönebeck-Salzelmen was connected to an electronic interlocking on 30 May 2007.
Current use
The line is used by regional and freight traffic. A Regionalbahn service operates on the line from Magdeburg Hauptbahnhof via Schönebeck, Staßfurt and Güsten to Aschersleben. It is operated by DB Regio under the brand name of Elbe Saale Bahn. Alternating Regional-Express services operate on the Magdeburg–Erfurt route, stopping only in Schönebeck, Staßfurt and Güsten. The S1 service of the Mittelelbe S-Bahn also runs between Schönebeck and Schönebeck-Salzelmen. The regional passenger services are now operated with Siemens Desiro Classic diesel sets and the S-Bahn trains by class 425 sets.
Prospects
In the future, Deutsche Bahn plans to invest €1.6 billion in the rail network of Saxony-Anhalt. The Schönebeck–Güsten railway would also be upgraded. The DB expects to raise the speed to a maximum of 120 kilometres per hour with travel time reductions of between three and ten minutes.
References
External links
Railway lines in Saxony-Anhalt
Railway lines opened in 1857
1857 establishments in Prussia
Buildings and structures in Salzlandkreis
Jorge Vizcarrondo Somohano (born 7 May 1948) is a Puerto Rican sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Cidra, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Puerto Rico
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Pan American Games competitors for Puerto Rico
Sussundenga District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Sussundenga. The district is located in the center of the province, and borders with Manica District in the north, Gondola District in the northeast, Buzi District of Sofala Province in the east, Chibabava District of Sofala Province in the southeast, Mossurize District in the south, and with Zimbabwe in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 129,851 as of 2007.
Geography
The Chimanimani Mountains occupy the western portion of the district, along the border with Zimbabwe. Chimanimani National Reserve protects the Mozambican portion of the range.
The main rivers in the district are the Revué River, the Munhinga River, the Mussapa River, and the Lucite River, which are tributaries of the Buzi River. A number of rivers are seasonal and only flow during the rainy season.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is tropical wet and dry (Aw), with the annual rainfall being around .
Demographics
As of 2005, 47% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 27% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 73% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into four postos, Sussundenga (four localities), Dombé (four localities), Muhoa (two localities), and Rotanda (two localities).
Economy
2% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 20,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes the national road EN216 connecting Chimoio and Mossuriz. EN216 passes Sussundenga.
References
Districts in Manica Province
Classical education may refer to:
Modern, educational practices and educational movements:
An education in the Classics, especially in Ancient Greek and Latin
Classical education movement, based on the trivium (grammar, logic, rhetoric) and quadrivium (astronomy, arithmetic, music and geometry)
Classical Christian education, an application of the classical education movement with an emphasis on the Christian faith
Classical Islamic education, see:
Madrasah
Ijazah
Historical, educational practices and values:
Education in ancient Greece
Education in ancient Rome
The curriculum of the Middle Ages, see Medieval university
Classical Chinese education, see:
Imperial examination
Scholar-bureaucrats
Vim (; a contraction of Vi IMproved) is a free and open-source, screen-based text editor program. It is an improved clone of Bill Joy's vi. Vim's author, Bram Moolenaar, derived Vim from a port of the Stevie editor for Amiga and released a version to the public in 1991. Vim is designed for use both from a command-line interface and as a standalone application in a graphical user interface. Vim is released under the Vim license, which includes some charityware clauses that encourage users who enjoy the software to consider donating to children in Uganda. The Vim license is compatible with the GNU General Public License through a special clause allowing distribution of modified copies under the GNU GPL version 2.0 or later.
Since its release for the Amiga, cross-platform development has made it available on many other systems. In 2006, it was voted the most popular editor amongst Linux Journal readers; in 2015 the Stack Overflow developer survey found it to be the third most popular text editor, and in 2019 the fifth most popular development environment.
History
Vim's forerunner, Stevie (ST Editor for VI Enthusiasts), was created by Tim Thompson for the Atari ST in 1987 and further developed by Tony Andrews and G.R. (Fred) Walter.
Basing his work on Stevie, Bram Moolenaar began working on Vim for the Amiga computer in 1988, with the first public release (Vim v1.14) in 1991.
At the time of its first release, the name "Vim" was an acronym for "Vi IMitation", but this changed to "'Vi IMproved" late in 1993.
Interface
Like vi, Vim's interface is not based on menus or icons but on commands given in a text user interface; its GUI mode, gVim, adds menus and toolbars for commonly used commands but the full functionality is still expressed through its command line mode. Vi (and by extension Vim) tends to allow a typist to keep their fingers on the home row, which can be an advantage for a touch typist.
Vim has a built-in tutorial for beginners called vimtutor. It's usually installed along with Vim, but it exists as a separate executable and can be run with a shell command. There is also the Vim Users' Manual that details Vim's features and a FAQ. This manual can be read from within Vim, or found online.
Vim also has a built-in help facility (using the :help command) that allows users to query and navigate through commands and features.
Modes
Vim has 12 different editing modes, 6 of which are variants of the 6 basic modes. The most important modes are:
Normal mode – used for editor commands. This is also the default mode, unless the insertmode option is specified.
Visual mode – similar to normal mode, but used to highlight areas of text. Normal commands can be run on the highlighted area, for instance to move or edit a selection.
Insert mode – similar to editing in most modern editors. In this mode, buffers can be modified with the text inserted.
Command-line or Cmdline mode – supports a single line input at the bottom of the Vim window. Normal commands (beginning with :), and some other keys for specific actions (including pattern search and the filter command) activate this mode. On completion of the command, Vim returns to the previous mode.
Customization
Vim is highly customizable and extensible, making it an attractive tool for users who demand a large amount of control and flexibility over their text editing environment. Text input is facilitated by a variety of features designed to increase keyboard efficiency. Users can execute complex commands with "key mappings," which can be customized and extended. The "recording" feature allows for the creation of macros to automate sequences of keystrokes and call internal or user-defined functions and mappings. Abbreviations, similar to macros and key mappings, facilitate the expansion of short strings of text into longer ones and can also be used to correct mistakes. Vim also features an "easy" mode for users looking for a simpler text editing solution.
There are many plugins available that extend or add new functionality to Vim. These plugins are usually written in Vim's internal scripting language, vimscript (also known as VimL), but can be written in other languages as well.
There are projects bundling together complex scripts and customizations and aimed at turning Vim into a tool for a specific task or adding a major flavour to its behaviour. Examples include Cream, which makes Vim behave like a click-and-type editor, or VimOutliner, which provides a comfortable outliner for users of Unix-like systems.
Features and improvements over vi
Vim has a vi compatibility mode, but when that mode isn't used, Vim has many enhancements over vi. However, even in compatibility mode, Vim is not entirely compatible with vi as defined in the Single Unix Specification and POSIX (e.g., Vim does not support vi's open mode, only visual mode). Vim's developers state that it is "very much compatible with Vi".
Some of Vim's enhancements include completion, comparison and merging of files (known as vimdiff), a comprehensive integrated help system, extended regular expressions, scripting languages (both native and through alternative scripting interpreters such as Perl, Python, Ruby, Tcl, etc.) including support for plugins, a graphical user interface (known as gvim), limited integrated development environment-like features, mouse interaction (both with and without the GUI), folding, editing of compressed or archived files in gzip, bzip2, zip, and tar format and files over network protocols such as SSH, FTP, and HTTP, session state preservation, spell checking, split (horizontal and vertical) and tabbed windows, Unicode and other multi-language support, syntax highlighting, trans-session command, search and cursor position histories, multiple level and branching undo/redo history which can persist across editing sessions, and visual mode.
While running, Vim saves the user's changes in a swap file with the ".swp" extension. The swap file can be used to recover after a crash. If a user tries to open a file and a swap file already exists, Vim will warn the user, and if the user proceeds, Vim will use a swap file with the extension ".swo" (or, if there is already more than one swap file, ".swn", ".swm", etc.). This feature can be disabled.
Vim script
Vim script (also called Vimscript or VimL) is the scripting language built into Vim. Based on the ex editor language of the original vi editor, early versions of Vim added commands for control flow and function definitions. Since version 7, Vim script also supports more advanced data types such as lists and dictionaries and (a simple form of) object-oriented programming. Built-in functions such as map() and filter() allow a basic form of functional programming, and Vim script has lambda since version 8.0. Vim script is mostly written in an imperative programming style.
Vim macros can contain a sequence of normal-mode commands, but can also invoke ex commands or functions written in Vim script for more complex tasks. Almost all extensions (called plugins or more commonly scripts) of the core Vim functionality are written in Vim script, but plugins can also utilize other languages like Perl, Python, Lua, Ruby, Tcl, or Racket. These plugins can be installed manually, or through a plugin manager such as Vundle, Pathogen, or Vim-Plug.
Vim script files are stored as plain text, similarly to other code, and the filename extension is usually .vim. One notable exception to that is Vim's config file, .vimrc.
Examples
" This is the Hello World program in Vim script.
echo "Hello, world!"
" This is a simple while loop in Vim script.
let i = 1
while i < 5
echo "count is" i
let i += 1
endwhile
unlet i
Availability
Whereas vi was originally available only on Unix operating systems, Vim has been ported to many operating systems including AmigaOS (the initial target platform), Atari MiNT, BeOS, DOS, Windows starting from Windows NT 3.1, OS/2, OS/390, MorphOS, OpenVMS, QNX, RISC OS, Linux, BSD, and Classic macOS. Also, Vim is shipped with every copy of Apple macOS.
Independent ports of Vim are available for Android and iOS.
Neovim
Neovim is a fork of Vim that strives to improve the extensibility and maintainability of Vim. Some features of the fork include built-in Language Server Protocol support, and support for scripting using Lua. Neovim has the same configuration syntax as Vim (unless vim9script is used); thus the same configuration file can be used with both editors, although there are minor differences in details of options. If the added features of Neovim are not used, Neovim is compatible with almost all of Vim's features.
The Neovim project was started in 2014, with some Vim community members offering early support of the high-level refactoring effort to provide better scripting, plugins, and integration with modern GUIs. The project is free software and its source code is available on GitHub.
Neovim had a successful fundraising in March 2014, supporting at least one full-time developer. Several frontends are under development, making use of Neovim's capabilities.
The Neovim editor is available in an Ubuntu Personal Package Archive, hosted by Canonical and some more conventional package managers, making it possible to install it on a variety of operating systems.
See also
Learning the vi and Vim Editors, a tutorial book for vi and vim, published by O'Reilly Media
Editor war – the rivalry between users of the Emacs and vi (Vim) text editors
List of text editors
Comparison of text editors
Vimperator
References
External links
1991 software
Amiga software
BeOS text editors
Classic macOS text editors
Computer science in the Netherlands
Cross-platform free software
DOS text editors
Free file comparison tools
Free software programmed in C
Free text editors
Information technology in the Netherlands
Linux text editors
MacOS text editors
MorphOS software
OpenVMS text editors
OS/2 text editors
Termcap
Unix text editors
Vi
Windows text editors
Text editors that use GTK
Free HTML editors
Linux integrated development environments
Hex editors
Free integrated development environments
Free integrated development environments for Python
Free and open-source software
Command-line software
Console applications
The Breton-Prétot machine was an experimental wire-cutting device developed in France from November 1914. It was developed by Mr. Prétot, engineer, and Jules-Louis Breton, member of the French National Assembly.
Background
The immobility of the trench warfare characterizing the First World War led to a need for a powerfully armed military engine that would be at the same time protected from enemy fire and could move on the extremely irregular terrain of battlefields. Barbed wire especially posed a considerable threat as it was cheap and easy to install, extremely effective at slowing or stopping an offensive by troops against protected fire, and very difficult to eliminate, even with artillery. Special machines were considered to attempt to eliminate this problem: armoured, armed vehicles, with a capacity to flatten or otherwise eliminate barbed-wire lines.
Wheel tractor base
The Breton-Prétot machine was a saw designed to cut the barbed wire protecting enemy trenches of World War I. The first version consisted of a small circular saw, driven by a six hp engine, attached to a long lever that was placed on a small cart with four wheels, that had to be pushed towards its objective. Breton proposed the machine to the French government in November 1914 and a prototype was tried in January 1915, when it was shown that the system in this form had little practicality. The use of caterpillar tracks was discussed that same month, but since none was available at that time, the system was then mounted at Liancourt on the back of a Bajac tractor in an attempt to obtain all-terrain mobility, towards the end of February 1915. The small circular saw was replaced by a large vertical saw with thirteen teeth, but a larger horizontal circular saw was added, just above ground level to cut the barbed-wire poles. In July the system was again changed, the horizontal saw being left out and large deflection shields being placed to protect the wheels. Eight small bronze cannon were used as simulation weights.
Caterpillar base
The Bajac agricultural tractor however proved not mobile enough — the initial experiment had only tested the wire-cutting ability — and had the severe disadvantage of having to approach the enemy lines driving backwards. Breton and Prétot then considered using some of the two hundred American four-wheel drive Jeffery tractors that had been commanded by the French Artillery. When this was refused, Commandant Boissin directed Breton to the Schneider company which was working on the caterpillar track system, under a production licence from the American Holt Manufacturing Company. Experiments with the Holt caterpillar tracks had started in May 1915 at the Schneider plant with a wheel-directed model and the integral caterpillar Baby Holt, showing the superiority of the latter. On 16 June, new experiments had followed in front of the President of the Republic. After satisfactory tests on 22 July 1915 at Maison-Lafitte, War Minister Alexandre Millerand ordered ten armoured and armed wire-cutters to be manufactured on 7 August. For his machine, Breton was thus allowed to order ten Holt tractors, to use as a base for his wire-cutting machine,. Experiments again took place on 10 September for Commander Ferrus. This order was modified on 7 December 1915 into an order to re-use the caterpillars to produce the first Schneider CA1 tanks.
Souain experiment
Finally, on 9 December 1915 at Souain, on a former battlefield with rough terrain and trenches, and in the presence of General Philippe Pétain, a prototype armoured vehicle motorized with a Baby Holt caterpillar was tested, with provisions to attach Breton's wire cutting apparatus to it. Only later, in early 1916, would such a device be actually attached during experiments.
These very encouraging tests prompted General Estienne to make a formal proposal on 12 December 1915 to build tanks based on a modified, lengthened, Holt caterpillar. The ten Holt tractors were thus finally diverted to the production of the first French tanks of the Schneider CA1 model. The tanks were not equipped with the Breton-Prétot saw, as tests had shown that their tracks alone were sufficient to destroy barbed-wire.
Because of the connection with the Breton-Prétot saw, Breton convinced himself he had become the leading French expert on armoured vehicle design and considered himself to be the true inventor of the French tank. He felt rather piqued when Estienne took over "his" project. This caused him to cooperate with a rival of Estienne, Colonel Émile François Léon Rimailho, in the development of an alternative tank, the Saint-Chamond. In 1917 an Allied inter-parliamentary commission even concluded that Breton had a better claim to the invention of the tank than the British. In the postwar controversy on this subject Breton vociferously defended his position. Modern historians however, agree that the claim is unfounded.
See also
History of the tank
Notes
References
Alain Gougaud L'Aube de la Gloire, Les Autos-Mitrailleuses et les Chars Français pendant la Grande Guerre, 1987, Musée des Blindés,
François Vauvillier, 2008, "L'Aube du char en France — L'idée de l'engin du no man's land avant Estienne", Tank Zone 2: 20-31
Jean-Gabriel Jeudy, Chars de France, E.T.A.I., 1997
World War I armoured cars
Trial and research tanks of France
Military vehicles of France
Military vehicles introduced in the 1910s
History of the tank
Charley Jones' Laugh Book Magazine, aka Charley Jones' Laugh Book and Laugh Book, was a monthly digest-size cartoon and joke magazine published by Charley E. Jones at 438 North Main Street in Wichita, Kansas. Edited by Charley Jones, Ceora K. Raymond and Ken Berglund, it ran from 1943 into the mid-1960s. An earlier version was known as Laugh Book Magazine. Offering "something for everyone", it sometimes displayed the subtitle America's Foremost Humor Magazine.
Jones began publishing in 1933 with Downtown Wichita, which he called a "tattle-tale sheet'". With World War II underway, his distribution of Latrine Gazette to Army bases was so successful that he recycled the material into yet another publication, HEADliners, aimed at Navy men.
After Jones hired the former sales manager for Autopoint Pencil Company, the two made a deal with Otto Stoll of Chicago's Stoll Distribution Company (which handled Captain Billy's Whiz Bang), and they launched Charley Jones' Laugh Book in 1943 with an order of 20,000 copies to be distributed by Stoll. Initially published by Wichita's Jayhawk Press in Wichita, the publisher in 1944 was given as Joste Publishing Company in Wichita.
Soon it was national, reaching a peak of 54,000 and making a switch to distribution by Hearst, which delivered the magazine to newsstands throughout small-town America. During the 1950s, it continued to be widely circulated to military bases where a single copy was passed around, and thus the readership increased well beyond the print run.
The magazine had a staff of 11 employees, but as sales and his health diminished, Jones moved the operation into his own home (with a staff of two). In 1964, when Jones moved to New Mexico for his health, he continued to publish a monthly magazine, Picturesque New Mexico. On May 27, 1966, he died during open-heart surgery in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Jokes
Many jokes were contributed by readers. The magazine paid $25 for a cartoon, 50 cents for a joke and 25 cents a line for light verse. Longer material paid two cents a word. A typical joke: "Many people call a doctor when all they want is an audience." In addition to the jokes and cartoons, the format included letters from readers, pen pal notices and a "Letter from Charley". In an apparent trade-off, the magazine ran photos from Earl Wilson's column, and Wilson occasionally reprinted Laugh Book jokes in his column.
Cartoonists
The magazine's cartoonists included Jack Lohr, Bill Power, Dick Smolinski, Paul Murry and Bill Ward. Bob Miller and Dennis the Menace comic book illustrator Al Wiseman created the spicy cartoon covers.
Archives
Copies of Charley Jones' Laugh Book are on file at the Kinsey Institute.
References
External links
Mike Lynch Cartoons
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Humor magazines
Magazines established in 1943
Magazines with year of disestablishment missing
Magazines published in Kansas
Satirical magazines published in the United States
The 2007 Challenge Bell was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 15th edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the Tier III tournaments of the 2007 WTA Tour. It was held at the PEPS de l'Université Laval in Quebec City, Canada, from October 29 through November 4, 2007.
Entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of October 15, 2007
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Lindsay Davenport
Stéphanie Dubois
Marie-Ève Pelletier
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Sofia Arvidsson
Julie Ditty
Marina Erakovic
Abigail Spears
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Alina Jidkova
Andreja Klepač
Retirements
Alina Jidkova (dizziness)
Tatjana Malek (ear infection)
Ahsha Rolle (right knee sprain)
Nicole Vaidišová (right wrist injury)
Champions
Singles
Lindsay Davenport def. Julia Vakulenko, 6–4, 6–1
Doubles
Christina Fusano / Raquel Kops-Jones def. Stéphanie Dubois / Renata Voráčová, 6–2, 7–6(8–6)
External links
Official website
Challenge Bell
Tournoi de Québec
Challenge Bell
2000s in Quebec City
1999 Census may refer to:
Azerbaijan Census (1999)
Belarus Census (1999)
France Census (1999)
French Guiana Census (1999)
Kazakhstan Census (1999)
Kyrgyzstan Census (1999)
Kenya Census (1999)
Solomon Islands Census (1999)
Vietnam Census (1999)
The 1998 Kärcher Canadian Junior Curling Championships were held January 24-February 1 at the Calgary Curling Club and the North Hill Curling Club in Calgary, Alberta.
Man 's
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Playoffs
Tiebreaker
Semifinal
Final
Woman 's
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Qualification
Ontario
The Ontario Junior Curling Championships were held in Oshawa, with the finals on January 11.
After posting a 7-0 round robin record, the Ottawa Curling Club's Jenn Hanna rink had to be beaten twice by the Bluewater club's Susan Keeling for the women's championship. Hanna won the first game 11-2, clinching the championship.
In the men's final, John Morris (also of the Ottawa Curling Club) defeated Sarnia's Jason Young in the final. Morris had to win a tiebreaker match against Barrie's Ryan Werenich, before beating St. Catharines' Greg Balsdon in the semifinal to get there.
References
External links
Men's statistics
Women's statistics
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Curling in Alberta
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
1998 in Alberta
Sport in Calgary
January 1998 sports events in Canada
February 1998 sports events in Canada
Sam Crews was an Australian theatre practitioner and film director.
According to W. J. Lincoln, he was the director of the movie The Story of the Kelly Gang, arguably the world's first feature film. This claim has been backed by a number of others.
Others said it was his idea to make the movie.
Crews assisted Lincoln on a number of films.
References
Australian film directors
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Richard Martinez may refer to:
Richard Martinez (politician) (born 1953), New Mexico state senator
Richard Martinez (footballer) (born 1988), American-born Puerto Rican footballer
Oz Fox (Richard Alfonso Martinez), lead guitarist of Stryper
Richard Martinez (musician), L.A drummer and GM of Music is Hope Foundation
President Richard Martinez, a character in Cory in the House
Richard Martinez (music producer), see Sphere
Gundremmingen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is well known for the Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Plant.
Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Station
Gundremmingen is the location of the nuclear power station Kernkraftwerk Gundremmingen, with nominal electrical power 2688 MW.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Vukica Mitić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукица Митић, 7 December 1953 – 27 June 2019) was a Serbian basketball player. She represented the Yugoslavia national team internationally.
Career achievements and awards
FIBA Women's European Champions Cup winner: 1 (with Crvena zvezda: 1978–79).
Yugoslav League champion: 7 (with Crvena zvezda: 1972–73, 1975–76, 1976–77, 1977–78, 1978–79, 1979–80, 1980–81)
Yugoslav Cup winner: 5 (with Crvena zvezda: 1972–73, 1973–74, 1975–76, 1978–79, 1980–81)
No. 8 honored by Crvena zvezda
References
1953 births
2019 deaths
Basketball players from Belgrade
Serbian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
ŽKK Crvena zvezda players
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Point guards
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Frederic Dahl Evans (June 29, 1866 – May 1, 1953) was a United States Army officer in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He served in the Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War, and World War I.
Biography
Evans was born on June 29, 1866, in Ottawa, Illinois. His siblings included Lynden Evans. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1887 and was commissioned into the 22nd Infantry Regiment.
Between 1887 and 1889, Evans did frontier duty. In addition to the 22nd, Evans served on the 20th, 18th, 17th, and the 4th Infantry Regiment, and until 1892, he commanded Seminole scouts. He served at Fort Bliss from 1893 to 1898. That year, Evans and his regiment went to the Philippines due to the Spanish–American War, and later the Philippine–American War. Among other battles, he participated in the Battle of Manila, and he served as an adjutant on one expedition. Evans returned to the Philippines again between 1903 and 1905. Evans graduated from the United States Army War College in 1906, and he served at Fort Leavenworth as a member of the Infantry Examining Board between 1906 and 1907.
After Evans's promotion to the rank of brigadier general on August 5, 1917, he became the commander of 152nd Infantry Brigade, 76th Division at Fort Devens. He traveled to France due to World War I and commanded 156th Infantry Brigade, 78th Division. In October he was assigned to command 55th Infantry Brigade, 28th Division. Evans reverted to his permanent rank of colonel on November 27, 1918, and he retired from the army in 1924. Congress restored his brigadier general rank in June 1930.
Evans died at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on May 1, 1953. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Family
In 1893, Evans married Winona Anderson, who died in 1925. In 1927 he married Sarah Page. With his second wife, Evans was the father of a daughter, Eleanor.
References
Bibliography
1866 births
1953 deaths
Military personnel from Illinois
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army War College alumni
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Silverknowes is a district of Edinburgh, Scotland. Silverknowes lies to the northwest of the city. The district contains over 2000 homes, ranging in size from bungalow to semi-detached housing, much of it built during the mid-twentieth century.
It holds the EH4 postcode. Silverknowes is surrounded by Davidson's Mains (former village) to the south, Barnton, Lauriston to the west, and Muirhouse to the east.
Location
Silverknowes is located in the north west of Edinburgh, on the shores of the Firth of Forth. It lies approximately from the city centre. The district is bounded by Cramond to the north and west, Davidson's Mains to the southwest, Blackhall to the south, Muirhouse to the east, and the Firth of Forth to the north.
Silverknowes lies within the boundaries of the Almond local government ward (Ward 1), the Edinburgh West parliamentary constituency (UK parliament) and the Edinburgh Western parliamentary constituency (Scottish parliament). It is part of the area covered by the Davidson's Mains & Silverknowes Association and the Silverknowes Community Council.
History
Until the 1930s, the Silverknowes area was open farmland. It was previously part of the Lauriston Estate, and was known as Randalston (spelled as Randalistoun on some maps), that name dating back to at least the 14th century.
In 1934, most of the land was acquired by McTaggart & Mickel, a Glasgow-based firm of tenement builders. In 1936, the firm started building houses to the west of the existing Silverknowes Road, creating Silverknowes Avenue, Crescent, Drive, Hill (formerly Circus), Loan and Terrace. The work was interrupted by World War II, but resumed in 1952 with the development of Silverknowes Bank, Brae, Court, Eastway, Gardens, Grove, Parkway and Place, these all being to the east of Silverknowes Road. Most of these roads form a series of concentric semi-circles on either side of Silverknowes Road. In 1960, Silverknowes Green, Midway, Southway and View were built on part of the former Drylaw Estate to the south.
The development was originally a mixture of private and council housing, but is now mainly owner-occupied, most of the council houses having been purchased by their tenants under the Right to Buy legislation of the 1980s.
In the early 1930s, Edinburgh Corporation started developing the Silverknowes Esplanade, a walkway running from Cramond along the south shore of the Firth of Forth to Granton. The work was completed in 1947, at which point the construction of a parallel motor road, Marine Drive, was begun. The scheme originally included plans for a paddling pool, open-air swimming pool and model yacht basin, but these we never realised.
Caledonian Railway
In 1894, the Caledonian Railway opened a branch line from Craigleith to Barnton via Davidson's Mains, running through the south of Silverknowes. The line closed to passengers in 1951 and to goods traffic in 1960. The surviving trackbed is now a footpath and cycle path, forming part of the National Cycle Network Route 1.
Anti-aircraft measures
During World War II, Silverknowes was the site of a heavy anti-aircraft battery, situated on the north side of Silverknowes Golf Course. A Starfish anti-aircraft decoy was located to the west, at the west end of Marine Drive. This consisted of a group of 'fire-burning' boxes, designed to appear from the air as a burning town or city, thus diverting enemy aircraft from their intended targets.
Amenities
Lauriston Farm Buildings were used for Farming Purposes until the 1970s, when the Ross Family introduced a Market Garden followed by an Eatery. The Robertson Family then took over Lauriston Farm and turned it into a Restaurant, selling out to Whitbread in the late 1980s. In the early 1990s, Lauriston Farm Restaurant became a Whitbread Brewer's Fayre (1993) before being taken over by Mitchell and Butler, relaunching as The Lauriston Farm Restaurant, which was refurbished in 2019.
The area of Silverknowes, Davidson's Mains, Muirhouse (former home to Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting), Granton, Cramond & Cammo boasts the largest concentration of significant Country Houses in Scotland: Lauriston Castle, with its world-famous Blue John Glass and Furniture Collections, once Owned by John Napier, Inventor of Logarithms & former Home of John Law (economist) of Lauriston, World-Famous in the 18th & 19th Centuries, Chief Financier of France under King Louis XIV, Founder of the Bank of France and Creator of the infamous Mississippi Bubble; Barnton House (a.k.a Cramond Regis), Former Hunting Estate of Kings of Scotland; Muirhouse (now Muirhouse Mansion, formerly known as Randalistoun), Grade A Listed Building, now a Homeless Hostel; Silverknowe House, formerly Silverknowe Hydro Convalescence Home (destroyed by fire in 1960 while being used as Silverknowes Golf Club House); Broomfield House owned by Earl Haig's Sister (which became The Commodore Hotel 1950's to early 2000's, a former Four Star Stakis Hotel, before its current life as a Two-Star Hotel come Homeless Hostel, Almond House Lodge Hotel); Granton House (destroyed by fire in 1954 after becoming a Home for the Homeless); Granton Tower; Craigroyston House; Royston House; Cammo House (destroyed by fire in 1978) and Cammo Estate.
Silverknowes includes Silverknowes Beach and Promenade which stretches for 3 miles from Cramond Village in the West through Silverknowes to Gypsy Brae Recreational Park and Granton in the East. Silverknowes Beach is tidal and overlooks Cramond Island, which can be accessed across the Drum Sands for four hours twice a day and via Cramond Causeway, built in 1939 by the War Department as part of World War Two Coastal Defences.
To the west of Silverknowes is the Lauriston Castle and Estate. Open farmland lies between the northern fringes overlooking Cramond Island. Silverknowes Beach and Promenade are in sight of Lauriston Castle and stretches 3 miles from Granton in the East to Cramond village in the west, along the banks of the Firth of Forth. The Boardwalk Beach Club café lies about half-way along the Promenade. There is a frequent 29 Lothian Bus Service to Silverknowes Promenade from Edinburgh City Centre, taking 20 minutes direct from Edinburgh Waverley Station and 1 hour from Gorebridge, to the south of Edinburgh. It is possible to reach the 18th century Cramond Village using this Silverknowes Promenade. To the east side of Silverknowes Road lies the Silverknowes Golf Club and 18 hole golf course, operated by Edinburgh Leisure. The golf course stretches to the beach. Along Silverknowes Parkway there are also well-used playing fields.
Education
Most of the neighbourhood lies in the catchment area for Davidson's Mains Primary School and the Royal High School in Barnton, one of Scotland's most famous schools, the 28th oldest school in the world, dating back to 1128.
Previously, one of the primary schools serving the area was known as Silverknowes Primary. After its merger with Muirhouse Primary, the land was developed as housing, and now has the address of Silverknowes Eastway. This newly developed area falls within the catchments of Craigroyston Primary & High schools.
Transport links
Frequent Lothian Buses link Silverknowes to Edinburgh city centre, continuing to:
Boundary change
In 2006, there were plans to place Silverknowes in the new "Forth" local authority voting ward. This outraged residents, who felt it would lead to the breakup of Davidson's Mains as a community. Over 600 objections were sent by members of the community and various local establishments, and Silverknowes became part of "Almond" ward alongside Davidson's Mains, Barnton and Cramond. The area is served by the Davidson's Mains and Silverknowes Association and four City of Edinburgh Councillors, MSP for Edinburgh West and MP for Edinburgh West.
References
Areas of Edinburgh
Mucilaginibacter calamicampi is a Gram-negative, aerobic and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from soil from a reed field in Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter calamicampi at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2013
Oneword Radio was a British commercial digital radio station featuring books, drama, comedy, children's programming, and discussion. The station was available in the UK via digital radio (DAB) and digital television (Freeview DVB-T and Sky Digital DVB-S) and was streamed on the internet 24 hours a day worldwide. It was launched on 2 May 2000.
Ownership was shared between UBC Media Group and Channel 4 between early 2005 and December 2007. In October 2005, Channel 4 increased its stake to a majority by buying 51% of Oneword for £1 million. At 7.30 on weekday mornings, Oneword carried the Channel 4 Radio daily news broadcast The Morning Report, which was produced by the Channel 4 news team.
Virgin Media removed OneWord from its ex-NTL cable channel lineup on 4 October 2007. Oneword was not on its ex-Telewest lineup at the time.
In December 2007, Channel 4 decided to withdraw its funding, selling its share back to UBC Media Group for £1. All programming was replaced by repeats of previous output. On 1 January 2008 the remaining staff were dismissed. Oneword ceased broadcasting on DAB on Friday 11 January 2008.
After broadcasting ended, birdsong was broadcast on the channel until a permanent replacement, Amazing Radio, came on air on 1 June 2009. It has been claimed that the audience for the station was higher while the birdsong was playing than when the station was broadcasting normally.
References
Defunct radio stations in the United Kingdom
Digital-only radio stations
Radio stations established in 2000
Radio stations disestablished in 2008
Channel 4 Radio
Maya Thakuri is a Nepali writer. She has published eight anthologies of short stories. Her stories have been translated in English, Hindi, Bengali, Tamil, and are a part of curriculum in various universities in India and Nepal. She is also a member of Nepal Academy.
Biography
She was born on July 2, 1946 in Lucknow, India. She never received formal education and could not read or write until the age of 15. She learnt to read and write by her own. In 1974, she moved to permanently to Kathmandu with her husband, Damodar Sharma.
Notable works
Thakuri's stories focus on prejudices in women's lives. Her most renowned works are:
Ama Januhos
Najureko Jodhi - 1974, Sajha Publications
Of a Lesser God
Priyambada
References
External links
Interview in Nepali and English
Nepalese women novelists
1946 births
Living people
Nepali-language writers from Nepal
Nepalese writers
Nepalese short story writers
20th-century Nepalese women writers
21st-century Nepalese women writers
Eli Templeton is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Templeton was recruited from the Burnie Dockers with the third pick in the 2013 AFL Rookie Draft.
Templeton made his debut in Round 1 of the 2014 AFL season against Melbourne. At the conclusion of the 2016 season, he was delisted by St Kilda.
His cousin is Australian Paralympic swimmer, Jacob Templeton.
Templeton plays for Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football League.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
St Kilda Football Club players
Burnie Dockers Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Tasmania
Sandringham Football Club players
Port Melbourne Football Club players
The Mape River is a river located in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.
Rivers of Papua New Guinea
Morobe Province
Hate It or Love It is the fourth studio album by American rapper Chingy. It was released on December 18, 2007, by Disturbing tha Peace, Slot-A-Lot Records and Def Jam South Recordings. On the United States edition, it was released as with a bonus DVD the Movie for "Fly Like Me". The mixtape the movie was also released in Japan (limited - not on amazon.com or amazon.co.uk), with two bonus tracks: "Hate it or love it part 3 (Skit) and "I like When" featuring Lloyd . This is the first Chingy's album that was not to be released in the United Kingdom.
Chart performance
The album entered at number 84 on the Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 30,000 copies in the United States, making it Chingy's lowest-charting album in his career.
Singles
The first official radio single was "Fly Like Me" featuring Amerie.
The second single was "Gimme Dat". The video was premiered on February 8, 2008, on TRL, 106 and Park and Yahoo Videos.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2007 albums
Chingy albums
Def Jam Recordings albums
Disturbing tha Peace albums
Albums produced by Cool & Dre
Albums produced by Maejor
Kempton Park West is a suburb of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa.
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park, Gauteng
This article is a listing of all of Gisselle's albums and singles.
Albums
Compilations
Singles
References
The information gathered to make Gisselle's discography page was found in the following sites.
http://www.allmusic.com
http://www.billboard.com
http://www.fye.com
https://www.riaa.com
Discographies of American artists
Tropical music discographies
Tongan narrative (or Tongan mythology) is a variant of a more general Polynesian narrative in Tonga.
Creation myth
In the beginning there was just the sea and the spirit world, Pulotu, and between them was a rock called Touiao Futuna. On the rock lived Biki and his twin sister, Kele, Atungaki and his twin sister, Maimoao Longona, Fonua'uta and his twin sister, Fonuavai, and Hemoana and his twin sister, Lupe. Biki lay with his own sister and she bore him two children, a son, Taufulifonua, and a daughter, Havea Lolofonua; Atungaki also lay with his sister, who bore him a daughter, Velelahi; and Fonuauta lay with his sister and she bore him a daughter, Velesii.
When Taufulifonua grew to manhood, his sister, Havea Lolofonua, bore him a son, Hikuleʻo, Tangaloa and Maui divided the creation between them. Hikuleo took as his portion, Pulotu, Tangaloa took the sky and Maui the underworld. Hemoana, whose form was the sea snake, and Lupe, whose form was a dove, then divided the remainder between them, Hemoana taking the sea and Lupe taking the land.
Tangaloa had several sons in the sky: Tangaloa Tamapouli Alamafoa, Tangaloa Eitumatupua, Tangaloa Atulongolongo and Tangaloa Tufunga. Old Tangaloa grew tired of looking down from the sky and seeing nothing but sea, so he sent down Tangaloa Atulongolongo in the form of a plover to see if he could find land. All Tangaloa 'Atulongolongo could find was a reef below the water, where Ata is now. So old Tangaloa told Tangaloa Tufunga to throw down into the sea the chips from the wood carving on which he was working. Tangaloa Tufunga continued to do this for a long time, and on two occasion Tangaloa Atulongolongo flew down in the form of a plover to see if anything had happened, but found nothing. On the third occasion, however, he found that the chips had formed an island. This was Eua. Later, Tangaloa Tufunga threw down more chips to form the islands of Kao and Tofua.
Tongatapu and most of the other islands were the work of Maui. One day Maui visited Manuka (Sāmoan: Manua) and there an old man, Tonga Fusifonua, gave him a fish-hook. Maui went fishing with this hook, but when he tried to pull in his line he found it was caught. He exerted all his strength and succeeded in hauling the line in, to find that he had dragged up Tongatapu from the bottom of the sea. Maui continued fishing with this wonderful hook and so pulled up from the deeps the rest of the islands of Tonga, and some of those of Fiji and Samoa as well.
ʻAta began as a reef below the water and slowly rose out of the sea. One day Tangaloa
Atulonglongo visited Ata in the form of a plover and dropped a seed from the beak upon the island. The next time he visited 'Ata he found that the seed had grown into a creeper that covered the island. He pecked at the root of this creeper until it split in two. Then he returned to the sky. A few days later he returned to find that the root had rotted and a fat, juicy worm was curled up in it. He pecked the worm in two. From the top section a man was formed called Kohai. The bottom section also turned into a man called Koau. Then the plover felt a morsel left on his beak; he shook it off and it turned into a man called Momo. Kohai, Koau and Momo were the first men in Tonga. Maui brought them wives from Pulotu and they became the ancestors of the Tonga people.
Other prominent entries on Tongan narrative
ʻAhoʻeitu
Aitu
ʻEua
Hikule'o
'Ilaheva
Kae and Longopoa
Kohai, Koau, mo Momo
Laufakana'a
Maui
Niuatoputapu
Sangone
Seketo'a
Tafahi
Tamapo'uli'alamafoa
Tangaloa
Taufa
Tu'itatui
ʻAta
Limu
See also
Culture of Tonga
Polynesian narrative
References
Johnson, D. C.(Ed.).(2005). The Tongan Ancient and Modern
Crocker, J.(1993). Friendly Islands; The Kingdom Of Tonga
Ngalumaa, A.(1982). Polynesian Monarchy: United Kingdom Of Tonga
Tongan mythology
Queen Oronsen is an orisha from
Yoruba mythology. She was the spouse of Olowo Rerengejen. The annual Igogo festival in Owo is celebrated in her honour.
A Series Of Excerpts From The Oral Records Of Owo
References
Yoruba goddesses
People from Owo
Yoruba queens
Gengaraj Kola (, also Romanized as Genkaraj Kolā; also known as Gangaraj Kalā, Gangar Kolā, Gengerej Kolā, and Kangaraj Kalā) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Dinelli's doradito (Pseudocolopteryx dinelliana) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Argentinian biologist Luis Dinelli.
References
Pseudocolopteryx
Birds of Argentina
Birds described in 1905
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles Copeland may refer to:
Charles Copeland Morse (1842–1900), businessman considered the "American Seed King"
Charles Copeland (illustrator) (1858–1945), American book illustrator
Charles L. Copeland (born 1963), Delaware businessman and politician
Charles Townsend Copeland (1860–1952), Massachusetts-based poet and writer
Charles C. Copeland, American infrastructure engineer
See also
Charles Copeland Morse House, Morse's home, which is listed on the National Historic Register
Radio Guarachita was a radio station based in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
History
Radio Guarachita was founded in 1964 in the Dominican Republic by bachata producer and impresario Radhames Aracena. After a year of test runs, Radio Guarachita was launched on the 690 AM frequency in 1965.
Along with DJs Cuco Valoy on Radio Tropical and Charlie-Charlie on La Voz del Tropico, Aracena and Radio Guarachita were among the first DJs to play bachata on the Dominican airwaves.
Since Radio Guarachita was on the AM frequency, it had national reach, and appealed to the rural audience of the Dominican Republic. It had interactive programs where the DJ would read listeners' mail, and the audience also could phone in and make personal announcements at any time of day. These 24/7 public announcements encouraged listeners to tune in all day, on lookout for important news. Usually, whenever people migrated from the rural countryside to Santo Domingo in search of a family member, they would go directly to Radio Guarachita as they didn't know their address. An announcement would be made and the family members would pick them up at the station. Guarachita became a fixture of life for a large segment of the Dominican population.
After a few years, thanks to Radio Guarachita's success, Radhames Aracena was able to expand his business and create a recording studio in his home, open a pressing plant, and two record labels, ‘Discos Guarachita' and ‘Zuni' (named after his wife Zunilda.) Empresas Guarachita was a staple of the bachata industry in the Dominican Republic.
Many of the great bachata artists got their first break thanks to Radio Guarachita. These include Jose Manuel Calderon, Leonardo Paniagua, Blas Duran, Eladio Romero Santos, Edilio Paredes and Ramon Cordero. Merengue tipico artists who have collaborated with Radio Guarachita include Tatico Henriquez, Fefita La Grande, and Guandulito.
Radhames Aracena died on December 11, 1999, from an open-heart surgery complication and Radio Guarachita was sold soon after. It now lives in the memory of the Dominican people, and its influence is heard in today's bachata.
Bibliography
Deborah Pacini Hernandez, Bachata: A Social History of Dominican Popular Music, Temple University Press, USA, 1995.
References
iASO Records - Radhames Aracena and Radio Guarachita
Radio stations in the Dominican Republic
Record labels established in 1964
Record labels disestablished in 2000
Defunct record labels
Radio stations established in 1965
Radio stations disestablished in 2000
Defunct mass media in the Dominican Republic
A.G. Spanos Companies is a builder of multifamily residences, commercial buildings and communities. It is considered to be one of the biggest apartment developers in the United States.
A.G. Spanos Companies was founded by billionaire Alex Spanos. Upon the suggestion of his advisors, Spanos shifted from food catering to the construction of apartment buildings in 1960. By 1977, the company became the largest apartment builder in the United States. The conglomerate, which is owned by the Spanos family following the death of its founder in 2018, remains as one of the most successful apartment development companies in the US. It has constructed about 200,000 multifamily units across the country, which included more than 22,000 units it developed in Las Vegas beginning in the 1970s.
References
External links
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
Companies based in San Joaquin County, California
Amanab Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. It is located along the border with Keerom Regency, Papua Province, Indonesia.
Kwomtari languages and Senagi languages are spoken in Amanab Rural LLG.
Wards
01. Bibriari (Angor language speakers)
02. Porumun (Angor language speakers)
03. Itomi
04. Mamamura
05. Wahai
06. Kamberatoro (Dera language speakers)
07. Kofiniau
08. Iafar
09. Naineri
10. Wamuru
11. Aheri
12. Amanab Station (Amanab language speakers)
13. Iveig
14. Akraminag
15. Masineri-Nai No. 2
16. Utai
17. Guriaso (Guriaso language speakers)
18. Komtari (Kwomtari language speakers)
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Adeiso is capital of the Upper West Akim district of the Eastern Region of Ghana.
Location
Adeiso is located just north of the southern border of the Eastern Region. Nsawam, capital of the Nsawam Adoagyire municipal district is located to the east. To the northwest is Asamankese, capital of the West Akim Municipal District and to the west are Akroso. To the southwest is Bawjiase in the Assin North District of the Central Region and to the south east, Amasaman, capital of the Ga West Municipal District in the Greater Accra Region.
Transport
The Inter-Regional Highway 1 which runs from Mankessim in the Central Region, passes eastward through Adeiso where it intercepts the National Highway 6 at Nsawam before continuing further east to Aburi in the Eastern Region where it meets the National Highway 4 which runs north from Accra to Bunso.
References
External links
Adeiso on OpenStreetMaps
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
Tear of Thought is the second studio album released by the Australian rock band The Screaming Jets. The album was released in October 1992 and peaked at number 3 in June 1994.
Reviews
Jonathan Lewis of AllMusic gave the album 3 out 5 saying; "The Screaming Jets returned in 1992 with their second full-length album. Tear of Thought established them as stars rather than just another pub rock band. Musically, the disc continues in the vein of hard rock established by their debut, although this time the band experiments with some new musical direction, including the jazz-influenced "Helping Hand" and a faithful cover of the Boys Next Door classic, "Shivers." With enough raw power to delight fans and enough experimentation to keep critics happy, Tear of Thought was an enjoyable, but ultimately disposable, example of Australian hard rock music."
Track listing
All songs written by Paul Woseen, except where noted
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Tear of Thought debuted at number 20 in Australia in November 1992 and peaked at number 3 in June 1994.
Year-end charts
Certifications
Personnel
Dave Gleeson – vocals
Richard Lara – guitar
Grant Walmsley – guitar, backing vocals
Paul Woseen - bass guitar
Brad Heaney - drums
References
1992 albums
The Screaming Jets albums
The Entesa de l'Esquerra de Menorca (, EEM) was an electoral alliance formed in Menorca by the Socialist Party of Menorca and Esquerra de Menorca, that lasted from 1987 to 1994.
Member parties
Socialist Party of Menorca (PSM)
Left of Menorca (EM)
Electoral performance
Parliament of the Balearic Islands
References
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
Political parties established in 1987
Political parties disestablished in 1994
Can't Get No is a 2006 graphic novel by Rick Veitch published by Vertigo.
The story concerns businessman Chad Roe's depression after the financial collapse of his business, and his seemingly permanent full-body marker tattoos, which prompt Roe to take a road trip.
Plot summary
The story begins on an ordinary day in Chad Roe's life, including his vacuous wife and constant supply of anxiety medication. He runs a successful company selling 'ultra-permanent markers', which can draw lines that are all but impossible to remove. They are so durable, in fact, that they have become popular among graffiti artists and Chad Roe's company is soon facing legal action from all the property owners who have had their buildings defaced. Devastated by this, Roe gets drunk at a bar and is taken home unconscious by a pair of female artists, who draw all over his body with ultra-permanent markers.
The next day, Roe discovers this and tries to continue his normal life by covering his face and hands in makeup, but the makeup flakes off and he is reviled by everyone he meets, including his wife. In desperation, he returns to the female artists, who take pity on him and later have sex with him. Later, the three of them go driving together, drinking beer and smoking marijuana, the latter of which results in them getting arrested by a policeman. However, the policeman forgets about Roe when he sees the first plane strike the World Trade Center.
Amidst the confusion that occurs directly after this, Roe hitches a ride with a Middle Eastern couple. On the beach, some young men and women attack the couple in retaliation for the attacks, and Roe is knocked unconscious. When he awakes, all he can find is some seagulls eating a severed nose, implying that the Middle Eastern couple was mutilated, if not murdered.
The next step of Roe's journey becomes more surreal as he follows a dog into an abandoned theme park called Bicentennial Land, featuring giant busts of every American president. The park is inhabited by a range of unusual characters. It is unclear how many are real and how many are Chad Roe's hallucinations. The inhabitants of the park hold a huge dance party, where Roe dances with a beautiful woman whose face is always kept in shadow. Later, when he is alone with her and about to have sex with her, he discovers that she has a disfiguring burn on her upper lip. Roe is disgusted, but kisses her anyway, at which point he discovers that the burn is in fact made of latex, and underneath it is a perfectly normal face.
Meanwhile, the inhabitants of the park set fire to it and most of them are arrested, but Chad Roe escapes once again. He wanders aimlessly for a time before meeting the 'latex-lip' woman again, who has a whole range of similar disguises. Roe is featured on the news and recognized by all the characters he has met on his journey. It is also revealed at this point that the Middle Eastern couple were unharmed, and it was the young men who attacked them who were badly harmed.
After this, Roe travels into the desert, is briefly threatened again by the disfigured young men, and finally makes his way to a surreal carnival where he meets almost every character in the book once more. The women who originally drew on Roe now mix up a formula that cleans up the ultra-permanent marker. They wash the tattoos off Roe's body while a TV crew looks on. Roe then hallucinates one last time, dreaming that he is standing atop one of the towers as it collapses.
The next day, Roe returns to his normal life, congratulated by his peers on saving the company, and seemingly unaffected by his brief brush with strangeness.
References
Rick Veitch Can't Get No
Can Get No GN Review
Cant Get No by Rick Veitch
2006 graphic novels
Vertigo Comics graphic novels
Hill of Beath Hawthorn Football Club are a Scottish football club from Hill of Beath, near Cowdenbeath, Fife. Formed in 1975, they play their home games at Keir's Park. Their colours are red with white flashes.
They currently compete in the , having moved from the SJFA East Super League in 2018.
History
The club played in the Kirkcaldy and District Amateur league until 1982 when they joined the Fife Junior League. The Haws won the Fife League eight times before becoming founding members of the East Region Super League in 2002. They spent all but one year in the Super League and finished runners-up three times, prior to their move to the East of Scotland League in 2018. A year later the club become full members of the Scottish Football Association, allowing them to enter the Scottish Cup for the first time in 2019–20, and also joined the Fife FA which enables them to compete in the Fife Cup.
Hill of Beath Hawthorn's greatest honour came in 1990, when they defeated Lesmahagow 1–0 in the final of the Scottish Junior Cup at Kilmarnock's Rugby Park.
The club were managed by Jock Finlayson from their formation in 1975 until the summer of 2015 when he was succeeded by Bobby Wilson. On 14 May 2017, Bobby Wilson left the club by mutual consent. On 20 May 2017, Kevin Fotheringham was named the new manager of the club. Kevin Fotheringham resigned as manager on 23 September 2019 after the Haws were knocked out the Scottish Cup by Gretna 2008.
Former club captain, John Mitchell, was appointed as manager of the club on 16 October 2019. John Mitchell resigned in September 2021
In September 2021, the club appointed former professional footballer Jason Dair as first-team manager. Dair, who made over 360 senior career appearances at clubs including Raith Rovers, Millwall, Dunfermline, Motherwell and Livingston, was joined by Lee Dair and Darrin Wright, both ex-Hill of Beath players, as first-team coaches, alongside Dave McNeely as goalkeeper coach.
Ground
Hill of Beath Hawthorn play their home games at Keir's Park, situated on Hawthorn Crescent. The capacity of Keir's Park is 1,080 with the ground featuring covered enclosures of three sides of the pitch.
Rivalries
The Haws share a fierce local rivalry with Scottish League One team Kelty Hearts.
Both clubs were founded the same year in 1975. The rivalry mainly stems from the close proximity of the two clubs and both being very successful "junior" sides within the Fife League. The Haws and Kelty would often exchange Fife league title wins from year to year, and also frequently meet in cup competitions.
Hill of Beath are currently two leagues below Kelty, competing in the East of Scotland Premier Division. However, they can still face each other in the Scottish Cup.
Current squad
As of 22 March 2022
Out on loan
Coaching staff
Season-by-season record
Senior
† Season curtailed due to COVID-19 pandemic - Hill of Beath Hawthorn finished second, based on the 'points per game' measure.
Hill of Beath Hawthorn were awarded 2 points after Sauchie fielded a suspended player in their match on 27 July 2019.
Honours
Major Honours
Scottish Junior Cup
Winners: 1989–90
SJFA East Super League
Runners-up: 2002–03, 2010–11, 2011–12
Other honours
Fife Junior League winners: 1986–87, 1988–89, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1995–96, 1997–98, 1999–00, 2001–02
SJFA Fife District League winners: 2004–05
East of Scotland Junior Cup: 2014–15
Fife & Lothians (Heineken) Cup: 1995–96
Fife & Tayside Cup: 1995–96, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2004–05
Fife League Cup: 2004–05, 2007–08, 2008–09, 2010–11, 2011–12
Fife Junior (PSM) Cup: 1990–91, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1995–96, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2005–06
Cowdenbeath (Interbrew) Cup: 1988–89, 1989–90, 1991–92, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1996–97, 1997–98, 2000–01, 2002–03
Kingdom Kegs Cup: 1997–98, 1999–00
Laidlaw Shield winners: 1985–86, 1987–88, 1989–90
Fife Drybrough Cup: 1985–86
Notable former players
Tommy McDonald (M) (1948–49) Scotland B international
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association clubs
Association football clubs established in 1975
Football clubs in Fife
1975 establishments in Scotland
East of Scotland Football League teams
Hill of Beath
Hollywood Stadium Mystery is a 1938 American film directed by David Howard.
Plot
A rivalry develops between a district attorney named Devons, who finds murder mysteries amusing but amateurish, and Pauline Ward, a crime novelist. They play tricks on one another, attempting to prove their point over how to solve a crime.
One night before a prizefight, when the lights are momentarily dimmed, a boxer is suddenly killed in the ring. The only clue Devons and Ward have been a tune that a man was whistling. The police detain every spectator from ringside, considering them all as suspects, including Edna Mayberry, a woman who had an involvement with the dead fighter. Pauline is threatened in a dressing room before the case is solved.
Cast
Neil Hamilton as Bill Devons
Evelyn Venable as Pauline Ward
Jimmy Wallington as Nick Nicholls
Barbara Pepper as Althea Ames
Lucien Littlefield as Watchman
Lynne Roberts as Edna Mayberry
Charles Williams as Jake
James Spottswood as Albert "Slats" Keefe
Reed Hadley as Ralph Mortimer
Robert Homans as Captain Joseph Filsom
William Haade as Tommy Madison - the Champ
Pat Flaherty as Ace Cummings
Dan Tobey as Announcer Dan Tobey
Al Bayne as Max
Smiley Burnette as Smiley Burnette
Soundtrack
"She'll Be Coming 'Round the Mountain"
External links
1938 films
American boxing films
American mystery films
American black-and-white films
1930s romance films
Republic Pictures films
Films directed by David Howard
American romance films
1930s mystery films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
EBIS can refer to:
Eaglebridge International School, an international school in Dandong, Liaoning, China
Electron Beam Ion Source, a device that creates atomic and molecular ions
Ath/Isières Airfield (ICAO: EBIS), a private airfield in Ath, Wallonia, Belgium
KERIS (Korea Education & Research Information Service, Korean: 한국교육학술정보원, Hanja: 韓國教育學術情報院) is a governmental organization under the South Korean Ministry of Education, Science and Technology that develops, proposes, and advises on current and future government policies and initiatives regarding education in South Korea.
Its current focus is on the development of ICT in educational systems in South Korea and abroad and works closely with international organizations such as the World Bank and UNESCO to assist other nations in developing or improving their own ICT infrastructure and implementation.
In addition to policy, KERIS provides educators and the public with educational services such as the National Education Information Service (NEIS) - neis.go.kr, the Research Information Service System (RISS) - riss4u.net, the National Education Service System (EDUNET) - edunet.net, and Korea Open CourseWare (KOCW) - kocw.net.
History
KERIS was established by the KERIS Act (Statue No. 5,685) on April 22, 1999. KERIS came about through the consolidation of the Korean Multimedia Education Center (KMEC) and the Korean Research Information Center (KRIC).
Mission
The stated mission of KERIS is to develop human resources through e-Learning, regain public trust in education, lay a foundation for a knowledge and information-based society by activation of e-Learning, and to enhance national education and research competitiveness through academy digitalization. It works towards these goals by being involved in multiple ongoing tasks and projects.
Tasks
Improvement in the quality of public education and development of human resources through e-Learning support systems.
Operation and management of the National Education Information System (NEIS) which is an integrated system designed to provide access to school administrative information nationwide.
Operation of the National Teaching & Learning Center (EDUNET), a comprehensive educational information service system which allows all teachers, students, and citizens to gain access to valuable educational information and run a voluntary online learning community.
Operation of the Research Information Service System (RISS), an information-sharing service that provides access to source information and full texts of published journal articles and dissertations both in South Korea and abroad.
Revision of the metadata standardization format KEM 2.0 to promote the sharing and distribution of educational and research information.
Organization and operation of the Digital Library Support Center in order to vitalize the operation of school libraries.
Development, securance, and provision of educational content to improve teaching-learning methodology.
Investigation and evaluation of the current status of digitalization of the education academy information, and research and support in the development of education policies regarding its implementation.
Support for the growth of the private education information industry through quality certification and e-Learning exhibitions.
Support for the digitalization of universities and lifelong education materials.
Accomplishments
Dec. 2004 - Earned certification on KEM as Korean Standard for educational metadata (KS X 7001).
July 2005 - Certified with ISO 9001 on KERIS Quality Management System.
Oct. 2006 - ISO/IEC 20000 Certification for System Support Infrastructure Management of EDUNET and RISS.
Dec. 2006 - Certified with ISO 9001 on KERIS Quality Management System for international e-Learning consulting.
Jan. 2007 - Received the 1st UNESCO Prize for ICT in Education.
Apr. 2007 - Received the IMS Learning Impact Platinum Award.
Nov. 2008 - Korean Agency for Technology and Standards (KATS) set "e-Learning quality certification guideline" developed by the KERIS as Korean Industrial Standards (KS).
Apr. 2009 - 'Educational information standard' developed by the KERIS was set as an international standard (IS).
Dec. 2010 - "Korea Open CourseWare (KOCW) smartphone application" won the first prize in Web Award Korea 2010 (public education area).
Jul. 2011 - Designated as e-Learning promotion institution.
Jun. 2012 - Selected as an Excellent Public Organization in Institutional Management.
Dec. 2012 - Selected as an Excellent Public Organization in Customer Service.
May. 2013 - Awarded Platinum IMS Learning Impact Award 2013.
Jul. 2014 - Won a Prime Minister's citation for merit of Information Assurance.
Dec. 2015 - Awarded Web Award Korea “Public Service” the grand prize (EDUNET).
Project areas
Research and Planning
KERIS conducts research and planning in a variety of sectors related to educational policy and planning in Korea. Its main points of interest cover various aspects of ICT in education and include: the development of human resources; the training of elementary and secondary school teachers and administrators; the effectiveness of proposed and ongoing policy initiatives; and the future and current integration of e-Learning materials and ICT into the education system. Through a close working relationship with the Korean Ministry of Education and Human Resources Development and offices of education, KERIS is able to receive feedback and suggestions on the results of its research and planning.
e-Learning in education
KERIS is involved in many aspects of e-Learning in efforts to reduce the cost of private tutoring and strengthen the existing education system. It conducts research, disseminates planning and policy proposals, assists in the diffusion and adoption of e-Learning materials and evaluates their effectiveness. In addition to these activities, KERIS oversees a variety of e-Learning services through the web.
The National Teaching & Learning Center (EDUNET), is a comprehensive education information service in Korea with public access, but designed specifically for teachers and students. Through linkage to the central government, local governments, and schools, EDUNET provides a range of instructional and learning support material and other education-related information.
The Cyber Home Learning System is a web-based that enables self-study at home or at sites other than schools. Students can learn at their own pace with adjustable materials to suit individual needs.
The Digital Library Support System (DLS) is a system that supports school libraries built within metropolitan and provincial Offices of Education, and is an Internet-based, one-stop service system that helps school libraries carry out the functions of a teaching-learning support center, digital library, and reading & culture center.
Research Information Network
The Research Information Service System (RISS) is an academic information sharing service with a cooperative network among university libraries and related institutions that provides access to source information and full texts of journal articles and dissertations both in South Korea and abroad. The intention is to contribute to world competitiveness in academic research. The RISS also provides services such as a union catalog, interlibrary loans, and dissertations in order to promote the sharing and distribution of research information.
e-Administration
KERIS maintains and operates the National Education Information System (NEIS) which is an integrated e-Administration system designed to enhance the efficiency of general educational administrative tasks, and also to improve the work environment for teachers and provide a new educational administration information service for the public. The NEIS provides access to all educational information in South Korea by connecting all elementary and secondary schools with various branches and offices of the government through the Internet.
International Cooperation
KERIS maintains close working relationships with educational institutes and experts around the world. To promote the implementation of ICT in education KERIS holds numerous collaborative seminars and training programs as well as joint research projects and seminars.
See also
Digital Textbook
Education in South Korea
Education in North Korea
Information Communication Technology
e-learning
References
External links
KERIS homepage(Korean)
KERIS homepage(English)
KERIS Archives
Ministry of Education Science and Technology
Korean National Education Information Service
Korean Research Information Service System
Korean National Education Service System
Korea Open CourseWare
Korean culture
Alan Hirsch (born 24 October 1959) is an Australian author and thought leader in the missional church movement.
Life
Early life
Hirsch was born into a Jewish family in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1959. He moved to Cape Town, in 1963 where he spent most of his childhood and adolescence. Then, he went to university in Cape Town where he studied business and marketing and moved to Australia in 1983 with his family. Although his family was not particularly religious, he was very much influenced by his Jewish heritage. He emphasizes Jesus as the Jewish Messiah and makes distinctions between Hebraic and Hellenistic thought. He served a two-year compulsory call-up in the South African military. After having moved to Australia, he had a life-changing experience with the Holy Spirit that deeply affected him. Soon after moving, he married Debra. They have been married and in Christian ministry together for over twenty years.
Education and ministry
During his first year of seminary at the Bible College of Victoria he led a small group of newly converted Christians from various sub-cultures in inner city Melbourne" He maintained involvement with this group throughout his Seminary education.
After graduating, he and his wife were called to go to South Melbourne Church of Christ in 1989. This church was later renamed "South Melbourne Restoration Community". Hirsch spent the next fifteen years leading this community (with wife Debra). Five years after having begun ministry at SMRC, he became the director of the Department of Mission, Education and Development for the Churches of Christ Victoria and Tasmania Conference. During these years, he and his wife planted two churches on the edges of society for the marginalized and urban poor in Melbourne, Australia. Neither church is in existence today. During this time Hirsch pioneered the missional training system called Forge Mission Training Network. Forge became a strong voice and agency for training younger people in missional thinking in Australia, although is now closed. Hirsch has now moved to North America (where there are active networks in Canada and the United States).
Alan and Debra maintain that the church in North America will be a major determinant for the continued sustenance and future vitality of the church in the West.
Organizational involvement
Hirsch has been directly involved in four organizations in various countries around the world and has spoken at five colleges. He is:
The founding director of Forge Mission Training Network International (“Forge"), a missional training center that exists to help "birth and nurture the missional church". This organization exists to train leaders in the USA, and Canada.
The co-founder of Shapevine.com, a ministry of Leadership Journal and Christianity Today that focuses on providing people with missional resources, training and networking opportunities.
The co-founder and director of Future Travelers, a learning system that helps mega-churches become missional.
Increasingly involved in 3 Dimensional Ministries, a company that trains churches and leaders how to do discipleship and mission in an increasingly post-Christian world.
Key thoughts
"Apostolic Genius"
Probably Hirsch's most distinctive contribution was to articulate what can be called a phenomenology of apostolic movements. By probing the question of what comes together to create exponential, high impact and multiplication movements, he came up with the concept he calls "Apostolic Genius", which is defined as "a unique energy and force saturating phenomenal Jesus movements." Hirsch defines it elsewhere as "the built-in life force and guiding mechanism of God's people." As to its phenomenology, it is made up of the symphonious interplay among six core elements, or "mDNA". These six are explained as follows:
Jesus is Lord—a confession made by Christians that Jesus is the ruler over every aspect of life (pp. 83–100). This is the most central element, around which the other five orbit . By locating this at the center, Hirsch asserts that Christology (the whole phenomenon of Jesus's incarnation, life, teachings, role model, saving and redeeming work in cross and resurrection and return) must be the central defining theology of all Christian movements.
Disciple making—a practice of becoming like Jesus and leading others to do the same (pp. 101–126). This follows directly from the statement that Jesus is Lord and in essence is the calling of disciples to live in Christ and allowing him to live through them.
Missional-incarnational impulse—the dual-element of mission and incarnation by which a disciple goes into the surrounding world missionally and embodies the actions of Jesus incarnationally (pp. 127–148). This forms the basis of how a Jesus movement extends itself into the world.
Apostolic environment—which highlights the catalytic role that the apostolic person plays in both generating and sustaining movemental ecclesiology (pp. 149–178). Hirsch then highlights the role of Ephesians 4 in movements. He maintains that missional church requires a missional ministry to generate and sustain it. The prevailing Pastor-Teacher combination is not generative enough for movemental forms of Christianity, he asserts.
Organic systems—in contrast with a centralized institution, missional movements are structured more like an interconnected organism than through hierarchical organization. Organic systems manifest (i) an ethos of a movement (as opposed to institution), (ii) the structure of a network, (iii) spread like viruses and (iv) are reproducing and reproducible.
Communitas, not community—in contrast with an inward-focused group, communitas is an outward-focused group, who by engaging in various forms of risk and liminality, begin to relate to each other on a significantly deeper level (pp. 217–242).
Hirsch maintains that all six elements are needed to create highly transformative, exponentially growing, missional movements. In his book, he displays that it is critical to think in a systemic way about Apostolic Genius and not see each mDNA as a silver bullet. Rather it takes the whole (Apostolic Genius) to create the kind of movement he is describing.
mDNA
"mDNA" stands for "missional DNA". This is the name he gives to the six components of Apostolic Genius as mentioned above.
APEPT (or APEST)
APEPT or APEST is an acronym for the five ministry vocations described in Ephesians 4:11: apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors/shepherds and teachers. Hirsch has initiated and developed a profiling instrument to help people find their gifting using these five terms. Following his teaching that Jesus has designed the church in such a way that every church (indeed every believer) has everything necessary to get the job done, he maintains that every Christian has all the five ministries latent in them although they will generally only operate from the primary and secondary ones. Hirsch believes that each believer is made up of a complex of APEPT/APEST callings or ministry, and therefore a profile is never simply one-dimensional, but rather is somewhat nuanced. Nonetheless (and not without disagreement) they can each be described in such a way:
Apostles extend the gospel.
Prophets know God's will.
Evangelists recruit.
Pastors (or Shepherds) nurture and protect.
Teachers understand and explain.
See also
Missional community
References
1959 births
Australian anti-racism activists
Living people
Missiologists
People from Johannesburg
Protestant missionaries in Australia
Radboud University Nijmegen alumni
South African people of Jewish descent
South African Protestant missionaries
John Macarewich Cobin (born 10 March 1963) is a U.S. born Chilean blogger, convicted criminal, and social commentator. He has taught at various Chilean intitutions and was arrested after opening fire at protesters during the Chilean social unrest of 2019 in Reñaca.
Biography
John Cobin was born to Joan Audrey Cobin née Tagliere (born 1939), a nurse from New York, and George Cobin (1939-1966), a mathematician from Santa Monica, California. His father passed away from cancer in April 1966.
He studied at various educational institutions including Reformed Bible College, California State University, the University of California, and George Mason University. He holds a Ph.D. in Public Policy, an M.A. in economics, and an A.R.E. in Liberal Arts and Religious Studies.
He left the U.S. to live in Chile first in 1996, in protest of Bill Clinton's government due to its policies regarding taxation. The following year, he became a part-time economics lecturer.
In 2006, he ran for Congress in South Carolina's 4th congressional district as a member of the Libertarian party. He lost, only earning 4,467 votes, or 2.5% of the total count.
During this time period, he was accused of choking, pushing and shoving his second wife multiple times during an argument over the custody of their son, causing her injuries. He denied all accusations, but was ultimately arrested on charges of domestic violence. However, all of the charges were ultimately dropped. He fled the country shortly thereafter. He subsequently objected to paying either of his former wives child support, and is now estranged from many of his children.In 2012, he, along with three other Americans, founded a libertarian compound in the Chilean mountainside, titled "Galt's Gulch", named in honor of the fictional capitalist society represented in Ayn Rand's novel, Atlas Shrugged. The venture ultimately failed.
In 2013, he claimed that "there is no one more neoliberal than me in the country" in an interview with The Clinic. He also claimed that he was friends with Hermógenes Pérez de Arce Ibieta, a right-wing Chilean politician, and Axel Kaiser, a Chilean political scientist.
Up until 2015, he was an economics teacher at the Andrés Bello National University. He renounced his US citizenship on December, 2015.
On the 22nd of August of 2017, his oldest son, attended a rally against then-US president Donald Trump. He was arrested after kicking back a tear gas canister towards police officers, after which he was hit in the groin by a pepper ball. He was later exonerated from all charges.
2019 Reñaca shooting
On the 10th of November 2019, he opened fire on Chilean demonstrators in Reñaca, Chile, wounding Luis Jesús Ahumada Villegas, a 33-year old father, in the leg. After this, he recorded a YouTube video, confessing to the crime and claiming that he acted in "self-defense". Due to this, he was convicted of attempted homicide and committing an unjustifiable shooting on public roads. Even though he claimed his actions were based on self-defense, the court rejected said explanation, commenting that "the requirements of legitimate defense are not met". He was sentenced to 11 years of jail time, which was later reduced to 6.
In 2020, it was revealed that he tested positive for COVID-19.
Electoral history
References
External links
John Cobin's older website
John Cobin's newer website
1963 births
Chilean people of American descent
Chilean activists
Chilean libertarians
American emigrants to Chile
George Mason University alumni
Living people
2019–2020 Chilean protests
South Carolina politicians convicted of crimes
South Carolina Libertarians
House & Garden is an American shelter magazine published by Condé Nast Publications that focusses on interior design, entertaining, and gardening.
Its US edition ceased in 1993, and after an unsuccessful relaunch was closed again in 2007. International editions of the magazine are still published in the United Kingdom (first published in 1947) and South Africa. A Greek edition was launched in November 2007.
History
The magazine was launched in 1901 as a journal devoted to architecture. Its founding editors were Herbert C. Wise, Wilson Eyre, and Frank Miles Day, all Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, architects. The magazine became part of Condé Montrose Nast's publishing empire when he bought an interest in it in 1911; he became its sole owner in 1915. Nast transformed it into a magazine about interior design, as part of his trend toward specialized publications aimed at niche markets.
UK edition
A UK edition was originally planned to be launched in the late 1930s, but was cancelled due to World War II. The magazine was finally published in February 1947, although paper restrictions meant that there were only seven pages in colour and, until 1952, just four editions each year. The founding editor was Anthony Hunt, followed by Michael Middleton, before Robert Harling took over for a 36-year tenure between 1957 and 1993. Harling was succeeded by Sue Crewe, who edited the magazine until September 2014 when she moved to the Conde Nast website House, and was replaced by Hatta Byng.
The success of the magazine owes much to Robert Harling, who was appointed Editor in 1957 by Pat (Iva Patcevitch), the Head of Condé Nast, following his recommendation by close friend Ian Fleming, the author and creator of James Bond.
Harling appointed a staff of 18, which included Leonie Highton, and later John Bridges, and three advisers: Elizabeth David (on food), Loelia, Duchess of Westminster (to discover unknown houses), and Olive Sullivan (on interior design). Harling revitalised House & Garden, and produced a magazine which contrasted the ancient and modern, with colour and simplicity.
Besides the magazine, he launched a series of books on the same theme, starting in 1959 with House & Garden Interiors and Colour. Ten more books followed, his last contributions being the House & Garden Book of Romantic Rooms (1985), and House & Garden Book of Classic Rooms (1989); in 1980 with Miles Hadfield he published British Gardeners: a biographical dictionary - this being a reworking of Pioneers in Gardening a book which he had developed with Miles Hadfield and Leonie Highton thirty five years earlier.
The editors-in-chief of House & Garden in the United Kingdom were:
Anthony Hunt (1947–?)
Michael Middleton (?–1957)
Robert Harling (1957–1993)
Sue Crewe (1993–2014)
Hatta Byng (2014–present)
US edition
The US magazine was renamed HG with its March 1988 issue, under editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, formerly of Vogue (UK). Its new emphasis on mixing fashion and interior decoration in its pages led the revamped magazine to be derided as House & Garment and Vanity Chair by its critics. Wintour became editor-in-chief of Vogue in 1988; HG ceased publication in 1993.
House & Garden was relaunched in 1995 under editor-in-chief Dominique Browning; its first issue of its second incarnation was September 1996. Condé Nast Publications announced on 5 November 2007 that the magazine was being closed again, stating that "we no longer believe it is a viable business investment for the company." The magazine's US offices closed on 9 November 2007, and the last US issue was December 2007.
The editors-in-chief of House & Garden in the United States were:
Herbert C. Wise (1901–1905)
Charles Francis Osborne (1905–1909)
Henry H. Saylor (1909–1913)
Richardson L. Wright (1914–1946)
Albert Kornfeld (1946–1955)
William H. Lowe Jr. (1955–1958)
Harriet Burket (1958–1969)
Mary Jane Pool (1969–1981)
Louis Oliver Gropp (1981–1987)
Anna Wintour (1987–1988)
Nancy Novogrod (1988–1993)
Dominique Browning (1995–2007)
South Africa edition
The trademark for the South Africa edition is registered to Condé Nast New Markets Europe/Africa, Inc. The 2013 (self-sourced) print circulation exceeded that of Digital/online.
The magazine is bi-lingual: English and Afrikaans.
Publications
House & Garden Book of Country Rooms, Leonie Highton, Vendome Press (2002)
House & Garden Book of Country Gardens, Leonie Highton, Ebury Press (2000)
House & Garden Book of Vacation Homes & Hideaways, Leonie Highton, Ebury Press (2000)
House & Garden Book of Kitchens and Dining Rooms, Leonie Highton, Ebury Press (1999)
House & Garden Book of Country Chic, Leonie Highton, Ebury Press (1997)
House & Garden Book of Bedrooms & Bathrooms, Leonie Highton, Ebury Press (1995)
House & Garden Book of Drawing-Rooms and Sitting-Rooms, Robert Harling, Leonie Highton, John Bridges, Conde Nast, London (1991)
House & Garden Book of Living-Rooms, Leonie Highton, Robert Harling, John Bridges, Vendome Press (1991)
House & Garden Book of Classic Rooms, Robert Harling, Leonie Highton, John Bridges, Chatto and Windus (1989)
House & Garden Book of Romantic Rooms, Robert Harling, Leonie Highton, John Bridges, Harper Collins (1985)
Entertaining with House and garden: 600 recipes for successful menus and parties, Leonie Highton, Treasure (1983)
British Gardeners. A biographical dictionary, Miles Hadfield, Robert Harling & Leonie Highton, Condé Nast, London (1980)
Entertaining with House and garden: 600 recipes for successful menus and parties, Leonie Highton, Cathay Books, London (1979)
House & Garden Book of Home Storage: Guide to Organization and Arrangement, Highton, Leonie, Collins (1975)
House & Garden guide to interior decoration, Robert Harling, Leonie Highton, Yvonne Jaques, Nigel Kendall (1967)
House & Garden Interiors and Colour, Robert Harling (1959)
References
External links
Official website (UK)
House & Garden (US) at the HathiTrust
[https://web.archive.org/web/20080108120203/http://www.mediaweek.com/mw/news/recent_display.jsp?vnu_content_id=1003668039 MediaWeek article about House & Garden'''s 2007 closing]
[https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/11/05/AR2007110502020.html Washington Post article about House & Garden's 2007 closing]
WWD article about the 2007 closing
article about the 2007 closing in The New York Times (website registration required)
Obituary in The Independent'' 8 July 2008
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Lifestyle magazines published in the United Kingdom
Condé Nast magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Greece
Gardening magazines
Magazines established in 1901
Magazines disestablished in 2007
Magazines published in South Africa
Magazines published in Philadelphia
Thadiya is a small village along the Mahendra Highway in eastern Nepal.
References
Populated places in Morang District
Andriy Glushchenko (born 23 October 1977) is a Ukrainian triathlete.
Glushchenko competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He took eleventh place with a total time of 1:49:30.17. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Glushchenko competed again but was unable to finish the competition. In 1997, Glushchenko won the Junior Men ITU Triathlon World Championships in Perth.
References
Ukrainian male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
1977 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of Ukraine
20th-century Ukrainian people
21st-century Ukrainian people
General Sir Horace Searle Anderson (10 September 1833 – 2 June 1907) was a British Indian Army officer.
Military career
Educated at Elizabeth College, Guernsey, Anderson was commissioned into the Indian Army on 6 April 1850. He saw action at defence of Khandesh during the Indian Rebellion and, after becoming commanding officer of the 1st Bombay Grenadiers in 1878, saw action again at the Battle of Maiwand in July 1880 during the Second Anglo-Afghan War. Anderson went on to be General Officer Commanding Naseerabad District in India in 1886, General Officer Commanding Nagpur District in 1889 and General Officer Commanding Mhow District in India in 1891. He was promoted to full general on his retirement in March 1898.
References
External links
1833 births
1907 deaths
People from Hereford
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
British Indian Army generals
People educated at Elizabeth College, Guernsey
Military personnel from Herefordshire
The white-browed robin (Poecilodryas superciliosa) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae. It is endemic to north-eastern Australia. Its natural habitats are forest, woodland and scrub, often near water. It formerly included the buff-sided robin as a subspecies.
The white-browed robin was described by the naturalist John Gould in 1847; the genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek words poekilos 'spotted' and dryas 'dryad'. The species name is derived from the Latin word supercilium 'eyebrow'. It is a member of the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. Sibley and Ahlquist's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines, including pardalotes, fairy-wrens, honeyeaters, and crows. However, subsequent molecular research (and current consensus) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida, or "advanced" songbirds, within the songbird lineage.
The white-browed robin has, as its name suggests, a prominent white marking resembling an eyebrow above its eyes. It has olive-brown upperparts, with a white patch on the wings. The underparts are pale, the breast pale grey and belly white. The bill is black and the eyes are dark brown.
It is endemic to Australia, where it is found from the Cape York Peninsula south to the Burdekin River in Queensland.
Breeding occurs from August or September to February or March, with one or two broods per season. The nest is a neat cup made of bark and grass. Spider webs, feathers, and fur are used for binding or filling, and the outside is decorated by lichen or bits of bark .
The nest is generally placed in a tree-fork or hanging vine, a few metres above the ground. A clutch of two eggs is laid. The eggs are cream to buff, and marked with brown splotches and spots, usually concentrated around the large end, and measure 20 by 15 mm.
References
white-browed robin
Birds of Queensland
Endemic birds of Australia
white-browed robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Albert Goldfield (or Albert mining district) is an area of 1300 square kilometres (500 square miles) in the outback of New South Wales where gold was discovered in 1880.
Gold was found at Mount Browne, which is south west of Tibooburra. There were other finds at Good Friday, Easter Monday, Nuggerty, Pioneer Reef and Warratta Creek.
The Albert Goldfield region is very hot and dry. Summer temperatures on the Gold field can reach 50°C. Because of the shortage of water, towns were started at Milparinka and Tibooburra where there was water available. Towns at Albert and Mount Browne did not last for long because of the lack of water. By 1881 there were more than 2000 people living on the gold diggings or in the towns. Geologist W.H.J. Slee was appointed resident Goldfield Warden. There was no water in the mine area to use in separating the placer gold. Miners either took their dirt to one of the towns to use water to pan for the gold, or used a method called dry blowing, which is an adaptation of the agricultural technique of winnowing.
A contemporary description of the dry blowing process used at Mount Browne in 1881 states that miners there went to work with "a small broom made of twigs and a tin dish". A miner would use his broom to sweep dust and rock fragments from surface exposures of slate and collect it in the tin dish. Once his dish was "about half full of dirt", the miner would stand "with his back or side to the wind ... and begin throwing the stuff up and catching it, or sometimes slowly pouring it from one dish to another", allowing the wind to carry away the less dense particles, leaving the gold behind in the dish. This process required "very dry surface dirt." When "good sized nuggets" were found, they were removed from the dish before the remaining material was processed. If he saw smaller pieces of gold in the dish, the miner might use his own breath to blow the sand and dust away. The observer found the dry blowing process to be "both tedious and unhealthy."
Life on the goldfields was hard, water was scarce, fresh fruit and vegetables were unavailable, and basic commodities, such as flour, were very expensive. Disease, including cholera and typhoid, was common.
The village of Albert itself at its height had a population of 900. In June 1902 a large meteorite landed at nearby Mt Brown.
By 1893 the gold rush had ended and most people had left the goldfields.
An area of surviving ruins from the goldfield are listed on the New South Wales Heritage Register.
References
External links
Mount Browne
Geography of New South Wales
Gold mining in New South Wales
Gold mines in New South Wales
Hangyug Agyat () is a poet and writer. He is one of the initiator of the movement called Srijanshil Arajakta (Creative anarchy) along with Rajan Mukarung and Upendra Subba.
About his life and career
Poet Hangyug Agyat was born in Ilam city, eastern district of Nepal.
He started his writing career as literary columnist in Ruprekha Weekly, Kathmandu, in 1997.
With an urge to write with the contemporary time and the situation he started a literary campaign called 'Contemporary Writing'.
Around this time, he met Rajan Mukarung and Upendra Subba. They jointly started a new literary movement called Srijanshil Arajakta (meaning creative anarchy).
They didn't find their life in the contemporary Nepalese Literature. Therefore, in 1997 they made the following 5 conditions with an urge to write their own life in the contemporary Nepalese literature. The principles of "Srijanshil Arajakta" are as follows;
Plurality in thoughts
Multicultural writings
Ethnic consciousness
Poetic freedom
Creative decision
He has been residing in Hong Kong since 2004. He has introduced Chauchau Sahitya prastavna(meaning instant literature) as a proposal in the urge to write the life of Nepalese people in Hong Kong in 2014.
Hong Kong Nepalese Federation has awarded him with ' Nepali Puraskar 2007' for his contribution to the Nepalese literature in Hong Kong.
He is also a founder member of Critic Society.
Hangyug agyat returned Nepal in 2019. He went to his home town Ilam (Western Nepal) and established 'Ilam Sahitya samaj'. In his home town he organized 'Ilam sahitya mahotsab' where recognized writers from Nepal participated.
He has been awarded 'best lyricist 2019' by Geetkar sangh Nepal for 'Aama' song by Benuka Rai & composed by Dinesh Subba.
Published Books
He has published 6 books till the date
Rangin Aaviskar (2000) anthology of poems
Dhunga Mudako man (2001)
Karang ko Hirasat (2003,2014 2nd Edition)
Kakapik (2004)
Hong Kong (2014)
Adha Raat Ko Tangsing (2015)
His 3rd book Karang ko Hirasat is the most celebrated book in Nepalese poetry.
See also
List of Nepalese poets
References
External links
Articles Book published news in The himalayan times
Book signing DCNEPAL.COM
Interview with Nagarkinews
PoetShrawan Mukarung's article
1978 births
Living people
Limbu people
Nepalese male poets
People from Ilam District
Nepalese expatriates in Hong Kong
21st-century Nepalese poets
Kosmos 149 ( meaning Cosmos 149), also known as DS-MO No.1 was a technology demonstration satellite which was launched by the Soviet Union in 1967 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme. Its primary mission was to demonstrate orientation control by means of an aerodynamic skirt stabiliser. It also carried an optical research payload for the Soviet Armed Forces and had a mass of .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket from Site 86/1 at Kapustin Yar. The launch occurred at 10:07 GMT on 21 March 1967.
Kosmos 149 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , an inclination of 48.4°, and an orbital period of 89.76 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 7 April 1967. Kosmos 149 was the first of two DS-MO satellites to be launched. It was succeeded by Kosmos 320, which was launched in January 1970.
See also
1967 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1967
Kosmos 0149
1967 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Secret Valentine is a 2007 studio album by guitarist Gordon Giltrap. It is a collection of 15 of Giltrap's favourite romantic pieces. The album was recorded entirely on the revolutionary new Cool Acoustics / Rob Armstrong hybrid acoustic guitar to be known as the Secret Valentine guitar. Giltrap was involved with the project to develop the new guitar for several years and regularly uses one during live performances.
Track listing
All music by Gordon Giltrap.
"Maddie Goes West"
"Under This Blue Sky"
"Kaz"
"The Picnic"
"Elegy (The Death of Chatterton)"
"Down The River"
"By Angle Tarn"
"A Christmas Carol"
"The Lord's Seat"
"Prayer for Philippa"
"Isabella's Wedding"
"The Echoing Green / London"
"Secret Valentine"
Personnel
Gordon Giltrap - Guitars
External links
""
"[]"
2007 albums
Gordon Giltrap albums
Halumsar (, also Romanized as Halūmsar) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 778, in 188 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Immature (later known as IMx) is an American R&B boy band, managed by record producer Chris Stokes. Its members include Marques "Batman" Houston (born August 4, 1981), Jerome "Romeo" Jones (born October 25, 1981), and Kelton "LDB" Kessee (born January 2, 1981), all natives of Los Angeles, California, where the group was formed. The group released four albums under the Immature moniker: On Our Worst Behavior (1992; the only album to include original member Don "Half Pint" Santos, later replaced by Kessee), Playtyme Is Over (1994), We Got It (1995) and The Journey (1997).
In 1999, the group changed its name to IMx, marking ten years of being a group and released two studio albums Introducing IMx and IMx, as well as the Greatest Hits album in 2001. The group also branched out into film (such as House Party 3 and House Party 4: Down to the Last Minute) and television (such as A Different World, Sister, Sister, Family Matters, Soul Train and All That) before disbanding in 2002. In 2010, Houston announced on 106 & Park that the group were planning to record another group album together for 2011. A new album is currently in the works titled "Forever Immature". It was scheduled to be released in Summer 2013, along with a tour, however, a release has yet to be given for the project. On November 6, 2013, Immature performed their first show since reuniting at Club Nokia in Los Angeles with Next and Dru Hill.
In September 2019, Immature announced their #TBTour with special guests Ray J, B5 and J. Holiday.
Biography
Immature was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1990 by Marques "Batman" Houston, Jerome "Romeo" Jones and Don "Half-Pint" Santos. Kelton "LDB" Kessee (the group's drummer) joined the group full-time in 1994, replacing Santos due to his parents pulling him from the group after they starred together in House Party 3. In 1999, the group would change their name to IMx, feeling Immature no longer reflected the band.
After IMx
In 2002, the group disbanded. Houston and Jones (under the name Young Rome) began pursuing solo careers, while Kessee continued his work as a record producer. Houston became the first former member to release a solo album, MH, in 2003. Jones followed suit with the release of his debut solo album in 2004, titled Food for Thought. Houston later released five additional albums: Naked (2005), Veteran (2007), Mr. Houston (2009), Mattress Music (2010) and Famous (2013).
Houston and Jones have also pursued acting careers, with both starring in the dance film, You Got Served (2004). Houston co-starred in Fat Albert (2004) and landed a lead role in UPN's comedy sitcom Cuts. In 2007, he starred in the horror film Somebody Help Me. He also appeared as Roger on the show Sister, Sister (1994–1998).
Music career
Immature
On Our Worst Behavior
In 1992, Immature released their debut album, On Our Worst Behavior, on September 22. The album featured singles "Da Munchies", "I Wanna Know U That Way" and "Tear It Up (On Our Worst Behavior)" (which also appeared on the soundtrack for the animated film Bébé's Kids, in which Houston provided his voice for the character Khalil).
Although the album failed to make it onto any of Billboard's charts, their song "Tear It Up (On Our Worst Behavior)" managed to make it onto Billboards Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, peaking at number 29.
Playtyme Is Over
Immature released their second album, Playtyme Is Over, on August 2, 1994 after signing a deal to MCA Records. The album featured singles "Never Lie" (their biggest hit), "Constantly" and "I Don't Mind".
In the United States, Playtyme Is Over peaked at number 88 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 26 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
We Got It
In 1995, Immature released their third album, We Got It. The album featured singles "We Got It", "Lover's Groove" and "Please Don't Go".
In the United States, We Got It peaked at number 76 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 14 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
The Journey
In 1997, Immature released their fourth album, which was their last under the name Immature, The Journey. The album featured singles "I'm Not a Fool", "Give Up The Ghost" (featuring Bizzy Bone) and "Extra, Extra" (written by and featuring Keith Sweat).
In the United States, The Journey peaked at number 92 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 20 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Introducing IMx
In 1999, Immature changed their name to IMx and released their fifth album, Introducing IMx. The album featured singles "Stay the Night", "Keep It On the Low" and "In & Out of Love". It was the group's last album with MCA Records.
In the United States, Introducing IMx peaked at number 101 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 31 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
IMx
In 2001, IMx released their sixth album, IMx on August 21 after signing a deal to TUG Entertainment and New Line Records (now WaterTower Music). The album featured singles "First Time", "Beautiful (You Are)", "Clap Your Hands Pt. 1" and "Ain't No Need" (which also appeared on the soundtrack for the film The Adventures of Pluto Nash).
In the United States, IMx peaked at number 126 on the Billboard 200, being their lowest charting Billboard spot. and peaked at number 26 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Remember
(2015 EP Album)
In early 2015, the band reunited to release a comeback EP album titled, "Remember" and changed their name back to their original band name, "Immature". The album features mature-sounding remakes of their classic hits "Never Lie" and "Please Don't Go" along with 6 newly released songs such as "Let Me Find Out", "Oh My" and "Best Sex". The EP was released exclusively on Complex.com and BET.com, While the album is just an "appetizer" for the fans, they expressed they are working on their 7th studio album titled "Forever". The band also mentioned they are in the works of producing a biopic chronicling their career over the years, with the hopes of it being produced through VH1 or Lifetime.
Other works
IMx released their Greatest Hits album on February 27, 2001. The album featured all of the popular singles that Immature/IMx had released in the past 9 years and included several remixes of the original versions and songs that they had made guest appearances on (such as R&B singer Monteco's song "Is It Me?").
The group's song "Keep it on the Low" is used as the theme song for the film House Party 4: Down to the Last Minute which they also are the stars of.
Immature collaborated with comedy actor Kel Mitchell in the hit song "Watch Me Do My Thing", which was featured on the soundtrack of the Nickelodeon sketch comedy, All That.
Members
Current lineup
Marques "Batman" Houston – lead vocals (1990–present)
Kelton "LDB" Kessee – background vocals (1993–present)
Jerome "Romeo" Jones – main rapper, background vocals (1990–present)
Former members
Don "Half Pint" Santos – background vocals, rapper (1990-1993)
Discography
On Our Worst Behavior (1992)
Playtyme Is Over (1994)
We Got It (1995)
The Journey (1997)
Introducing IMx (1999)
IMx (2001)
Remember EP (2015)
References
American contemporary R&B musical groups
African-American musical groups
American boy bands
MCA Records artists
The Light in the Dark (later re-edited into a shorter version called The Light of Faith) is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Clarence Brown and stars Lon Chaney and Hope Hampton. A still exists showing Lon Chaney in the role of Tony Pantelli. Some scenes (mostly showing the Holy Grail glowing) were filmed in Color.
The original 63-minute feature film was later re-edited into a condensed 33-minute version retitled The Light of Faith, that was circulated to schools and churches in the 1920s. A Rhode Island film distributor specializing in religious subjects acquired the film in the mid-20's and re-edited it to 33 minutes, retitling it THE LIGHT OF FAITH, which emphasized the subplot involving the Holy Grail. Thankfully, state law required that films for schools and churches (the major market for that distributor) be printed on the nonflammable safety stock, so this multi-tinted version exists today. That is the only version that has survived, since the full-length 63-minute version no longer exists. (There is a rumor that the full-length version has been recently found intact, but if it has, it has never been made available on dvd or video.)
Years later, a 70-minute reconstruction was produced by the International Museum of Photography and Film at the George Eastman House.
Plot
Coat check girl Bessie MacGregor (Hope Hampton) is struck by the car of wealthy society woman Mrs. Templeton Orrin (Teresa Maxwell-Conover), who takes Bessie into her home while she recovers. Mrs. Orrin's brother, J. Warburton Ashe (E.K. Lincoln), says he loves Bessie and flirts with her, but when she learns he isn't serious about her, she flees the home, heartbroken.
(* This is where the 33-minute version starts: Bessie rents a room in a boarding house with her last dollar, then tries to find a job. Unable to find work, Bessie collapses from hunger one day in the boarding house in which she is staying. The landlady, Mrs. Flaherty (Dorothy Walters) and another boarder, a cheap hood named Tony Pantelli (Lon Chaney) start to nurse Bessie back to health. Tony is in love with Bessie but hides his affections because he feels she is too good for him. A doctor diagnoses Bessie with a heart problem and tells her to remain in bed as much as possible.
Ashe, realizing he was wrong in his treatment of Bessie, has no idea where she has gone so he heads off on a trip to England to try to forget about her. During a hunting expedition, he finds a mysterious chalice in the ruins of a monastery that the locals believe to be the Holy Grail. Mrs. Orrin urges her brother to return home to find Bessie, and he brings the Holy Grail back to New York with him.
(* This segment is not in the condensed version: Seeing Bessie needs medical care, Tony Pantelli tries to raise money by stealing the chalice and selling it to a pawnshop. The police later recover the chalice in a raid on the pawnbroker's shop. News of the cup's mysterious healing powers, and the way it glows in the dark, reaches the newspapers. The police return it to Ashe, who keeps it in his home on a mantle shelf.
(* The edited version picks up again here: From her sick bed, Bessie reads about Ashe finding the Holy Grail in a newspaper. After Bessie tells Tony the legend of the Holy Grail, he steals the chalice, this time planning to use its magical powers to cure Bessie's heart failure. She touches the glowing cup and makes an instant recovery, but Tony is caught with the goods and put on trial for the theft. During the trial, Bessie and Ashe are reunited, and when Ashe has a religious conversion upon seeing the cup glow in the courtroom, he refuses to press charges against Tony who is released from custody. Tony leaves the courthouse heartbroken, after watching Bessie and Ashe embracing. Tony saved Bessie's life and reunited the two lovers, but at the end of the film, he walks out of the courthouse all alone.
(* The following scene was allegedly in the long version of the film: Later, the pawnbroker, now in Sing Sing prison, confesses that the mysterious glow was from some radium he had placed in the chalice.)
Cast
(Some of these actors might not appear in the 33-minute version)
Hope Hampton as Bessie MacGregor
E.K. Lincoln as J. Warburton Ashe
Lon Chaney as Tony Pantelli
Teresa Maxwell-Conover as Mrs. Templeton Orrin
Dorothy Walters as Mrs. Flaherty, the landlady
Charles Mussett as Detective Braenders
Edgar Norton as Peters
Dore Davidson as Jerusalem Mike
Mr. McClune as Socrates S. Stickles
Joe Bonomo as Chaney's stunt double
Production
The Light in the Dark was filmed in New York City and at the Paragon studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey in December 1921. The world premiere was held at the Strand Theatre in Niagara Falls, NY.
Reception
"In introducing the new process of color photography, Associated First National has made doubly secure an offering that from the standpoint of material and treatment promises to give wide satisfaction ... It has a penetrating theme and a symbolic beauty...Lon Chaney has the type of role in which he has proven exceptionally skillful. His is a real sympathetic contribution." ---Moving Picture World
"If its story possessed half the merit of its technical equipment, it might have proved a world-beater. It doesn't, so it isn't ... Mr. Chaney is a somewhat more kindly crook than is his wont, and Mr. Lincoln struggles along in the fat, but unconvincing hero role." ---Variety
"By all means the best picture in which Hope Hampton has ever appeared, The Light in the Dark has A-1 merits as a box-office attraction. Lon Chaney as usual is the crook par excellence and adds another striking portrayal to his gallery of characters." ---Exhibitors Trade Review
"(The film) is better handled by Hope Hampton than anything she has ever done. Lon Chaney, excellent actor that he is, does splendid work as an Italian who in a simple way loves the heroine. His work is very good."---Film Daily
References
Notes
Bibliography
Anderson, Robert Gordon. Faces, Forms, Films: The Artistry of Lon Chaney. South Brunswick, New Jersey: A. S. Barnes, 1971. .
Blake,Michael F. The Films of Lon Chaney. Vestal, New York: Vestal Press, 1998. .
Blake,Michael F. A Thousand Faces: Lon Chaney's Unique Artistry in Motion Pictures. Vestal, New York: Vestal Press, 1997. .
External links
1922 films
American silent short films
American black-and-white films
American crime drama films
1922 romantic drama films
First National Pictures films
American romantic drama films
1922 crime drama films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Paradoris erythraeensis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Distribution
This species is known from the Red Sea.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1912
McDowell's may refer to:
McDowell's, alcohol brand produced by United Spirits
McDowell's, fictional restaurant in movie Coming to America and Coming 2 America
See also
McDowell (disambiguation)
Ivan Radovanović (; born 29 August 1988) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for club Salernitana.
At international level, Radovanović earned 10 caps for Serbia between 2010 and 2013.
Club career
After coming through the youth system at Partizan, Radovanović was promoted to the senior squad in the 2006–07 season, collecting two cup appearances in the process. He was subsequently loaned to fellow Serbian SuperLiga club Smederevo in the summer of 2007.
In January 2008, Radovanović was transferred to Italian club Atalanta. He failed to make his Serie A debut through the remainder of the 2007–08 season, being an unused sub in five games. While at Atalanta, Radovanović was also sent on loan to Pisa, Bologna, and Novara.
In July 2013, Radovanović switched to fellow Italian club Chievo. He appeared in more than 180 official games over the course of five and a half seasons. On 31 January 2019, Radovanović moved to Genoa.
On 31 January 2022, Radovanović signed with Salernitana until 2023.
International career
Radovanović represented Serbia at the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship in July 2007. He subsequently made his debuts for the under-21 side at the Valeriy Lobanovskyi Memorial Tournament in August 2007,where Serbia won silver medals.
On 17 November 2010, Radovanović made his full international debut for Serbia in a 1–0 away friendly win against Bulgaria, coming on as a half-time substitute for Radosav Petrović.
Career statistics
Club
International
Notes
References
External links
A.C. ChievoVerona players
Pisa S.C. players
Association football midfielders
Atalanta B.C. players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
FK Partizan players
FK Smederevo players
FK Teleoptik players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Novara F.C. players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Serbian footballers
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Sportspeople from Belgrade
1988 births
Living people
Vesyolaya Plota () is a rural locality (a khutor) in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
The Sleeping Lion is a 1919 American silent Western film directed by Rupert Julian and starring Monroe Salisbury, Pat Moore and Rhea Mitchell.
Synopsis
An Italian American from New York heads West to start a new life, but soon makes enemies in the small town he settles in.
Cast
Monroe Salisbury as Tony
Pat Moore as Little Tony
Rhea Mitchell as Kate Billings
Herschel Mayall as Durant
Alfred Allen as Col. Doharney
Alice Claire Elliott as Carlotta
Marian Skinner as Her Mother
Sidney Franklin as Her Father
References
Bibliography
Langman, Larry. American Film Cycles: The Silent Era. Greenwood Publishing, 1998.
External links
1917 films
1917 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Rupert Julian
Universal Pictures films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1910s English-language films
1910s American films
Iain Quarrier (April 12, 1941 – 2016) was a Canadian actor. He appeared in only five movies in the mid- to late 1960s before retiring from the film business following the murder of his close friend Sharon Tate in 1969.
Career
Quarrier began his career in two films directed by Roman Polanski; Cul-de-sac (1966) and Fearless Vampire Killers (1967).
In 1968, along with Jean-Luc Godard, he acted in and produced the film One Plus One. When the film was shown at the London Film Festival, Godard was so dissatisfied with Quarrier's production that he appealed at the premiere for the audience to ask for their money back. A heated argument followed with Godard punching Quarrier.
Quarrier was a close friend of Roman Polanski and his wife Sharon Tate. On 8 August 1969, the night of the murder of Tate and four other people by the Manson Family, he had been invited by Tate to her house. However, he was delayed during filming of Vanishing Point in the California desert (Quarrier was a creative associate on the film). Arriving late in Los Angeles, he decided not to bother the pregnant Tate at such a late hour and traveled onto the Vanishing Point wrap party instead.
His last film role was in 1968's Wonderwall.
After Tate's death, Quarrier retired from the film business.
Later life
After suffering a mental breakdown in 1972, Quarrier spent time at Bethlem Royal Hospital.
In 1996, Quarrier received a police caution for indecently assaulting two girls.
On 7 October 2008, Quarrier pleaded guilty at Blackfriars Crown Court to the attempted abduction of a five-year-old girl in a busy supermarket in Ladbroke Grove, West London. He was sentenced to 12-month's imprisonment, suspended for two years. Two weeks prior to the incident, Quarrier had attempted to "purchase" a nine-year-old girl in the same supermarket. Quarrier also received a Prohibitive Activity Order, banning him from unsupervised contact with children under the age of 16 years. He was also ordered to comply with an alcohol treatment directed by his probation officer.
In 2012, it was reported that Quarrier was suffering from Korsakoff's syndrome, a form of dementia. He died in 2016 in Kensington, London.
Quotes
[Iain Quarrier] reflects the gilded youth of swinging sixties London, the glittering Bohemian inner circle of beautiful people. He is an immaculate dandy, a ‘dedicated follower of fashion', clearly caring a great deal about his appearance and the way he is perceived but affecting an air of disdainful, disinterested cool. Jez Winship
Filmography
The Fledglings (1964)
Cul-de-Sac (1966)
The Fearless Vampire Killers (1967)
Separation (1967)
Sympathy for the Devil (1968)
Wonderwall (1968)
References
External links
Rainbow Quarrier, Sparks in Electrical Jelly, Blog of Jez Winship about music, books, arts, music, oddities and allsorts, requested on April 1, 2014
1941 births
2016 deaths
Canadian male film actors
Male actors from Montreal
Abraham Lincoln (1920) is a colossal seated figure of the 16th President of the United States Abraham Lincoln (1809–1865) sculpted by Daniel Chester French (1850–1931) and carved by the Piccirilli Brothers. It is in the Lincoln Memorial (constructed 1914–1922), on the National Mall, Washington, D.C., United States, and was unveiled in 1922. The work follows in the Beaux Arts and American Renaissance style traditions.
Description
The 170-ton statue is composed of 28 blocks of white Georgia marble (Georgia Marble Company) and rises from the floor, including the seated figure (with armchair and footrest) upon an high pedestal. The figure of Lincoln gazes directly ahead and slightly down with an expression of gravity and solemnity. His frock coat is unbuttoned, and a large United States flag is draped over the chair back and sides. French paid special attention to Lincoln's expressive hands, which rest on the enormous arms of a semi-circular ceremonial chair, the fronts of which bear fasces, emblems of authority from Roman antiquity. French used casts of his own fingers to achieve the correct placement.
History
Daniel Chester French was selected in 1914 by the Lincoln Memorial Committee to create a Lincoln statue as part of the memorial to be designed by architect Henry Bacon (1866–1924). French was already famous for his 1874 The Minute Man statue in Concord, Massachusetts and other works such as his 1884 John Harvard statue. He was also the personal choice of Bacon who had already been collaborating with him for nearly 25 years. French resigned his chairmanship of the Fine Arts Commission in Washington, D.C.—a group closely affiliated with the memorial's design and creation—and commenced work in December.
French had already created (1909–1912) a major memorial statue of Lincoln—this one standing—for the Nebraska State Capitol (Abraham Lincoln, 1912) in Lincoln, Nebraska. His previous studies of Lincoln—which included biographies, photographs, and a life mask of Lincoln by Leonard Volk done in 1860—had prepared him for the challenging task of the larger statue. For the national memorial, he and Bacon decided that a large seated figure would be most appropriate. French started with a small clay study and subsequently created several plaster models, each time making subtle changes in the figure's pose or setting. He placed the President not in an ordinary 19th-century seat, but in a classical chair including fasces, a Roman symbol of authority, to convey that the subject was an eminence for all the ages.
Three plaster models of the Lincoln statue are at French's Chesterwood Studio, a National Trust Historic Site in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, including a plaster sketch (1915) and a six-foot plaster model (1916). The second of French's plasters, created at Chesterwood in the summer of 1916 (inscribed October 31) became the basis of the final work, which was originally envisioned as a bronze. In deciding the size of final statue French and Bacon took photographic enlargements of the model to the memorial under construction. Eventually French's longtime collaborators, the firm of Piccirilli Brothers, were commissioned to do the carving of a much larger sculpture, in marble from a quarry near Tate, Georgia.
It took a full year for French's design to be transferred to the massive marble blocks. French provided finishing strokes in the carvers' studio in The Bronx, New York City and after the statue was assembled in the memorial on the National Mall in 1920. Lighting the statue was a particular problem. In creating the work, French had understood that a large skylight would provide direct, natural illumination from overhead, but this was not included in the final plans. The horizontal light from the east caused Lincoln's facial features to appear flattened—making him appear to stare blankly, rather than wear a dignified expression—and highlighted his shins. French considered this a disaster. In the end, an arrangement of electric lights was devised to correct this situation. The work was unveiled at the memorial's formal dedication on May 30, 1922.
Legends
It is often said that the Lincoln figure is signing his own initials in the American manual alphabet: A with his left hand, "L" with his right. The National Park Service is at best ambivalent toward the story, saying "It takes some imagination to see signs in Lincoln's hands."
French had a deaf son
and had depicted Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet signing in the manual alphabet.
See also
Outdoor sculpture in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Save Outdoor Sculpture Survey
1920 establishments in Washington, D.C.
1920 sculptures
Colossal statues in the United States
Flags in art
Marble sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Lincoln Memorial
Lincoln Memorial, statue
Outdoor sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures by Daniel Chester French
Sculptures carved by the Piccirilli Brothers
Sculptures of men in Washington, D.C.
Lincoln Memorial
Sir Thomas Shirley, 1st Baronet (30 December 1727 – 18 February 1800) was a British colonial governor and military officer. The son of William Shirley, a politically well-connected colonial administrator who served for many years as governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay, Shirley entered the military, serving in the Louisbourg expedition his father organised in 1745. During the Seven Years' War he served on Menorca and in the 1761 Capture of Belle Île.
Shirley succeeded his father as Governor of the Bahamas in 1768, and was appointed Governor of Dominica in 1774, a post he held until the island was captured in 1778 by French forces during the American War of Independence. He was thereafter (1781) named Governor of the Leeward Islands, and awarded a baronetcy in 1786 as "Shirley of Oat Hall" . He was promoted to lieutenant-general on 18 October 1793 and general on 8 January 1798. He died in Bath, England in 1800 and was buried in Bath Abbey.
Fort Shirley in Cabrits National Park, Dominica, was named for him, as were military installations in Antigua, then-capital of the Leewards. Shirley is often incorrectly described as having been born in Boston, or in 1769. He was, however, born prior to his father's departure for Massachusetts.
See also
Nelson's Dockyard
Notes
References
Essex Review
History of the British West Indies
(listed birthdate of 1769 is in all likelihood incorrect, given other facts about his life, such as the 1774 birth of his son)
Schutz, John A. William Shirley, King's Governor of Massachusetts (1961)
Shirley, Evelyn Philip. Stemmata Shirleiana (1873) (Sir Thomas Shirley is at pages 322-323)
Sugden, John. Nelson: A Dream of Glory, 1758-1797 (2005)
1727 births
1800 deaths
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
British Army generals
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
British governors of the Bahamas
Governors of Dominica
Governors of the Leeward Islands
English emigrants to British North America
Paradise is the second full-length album from Philadelphia's Paint It Black, which followed up the band's debut LP from 2003, CVA. It features a more melodic hardcore sound than previous releases from the band, and was met with a slightly more positive critical reception than CVA.
Track listing
"Election Day" – 1:09
"Pink Slip" – 1:27
"Exit Wounds" – 1:37 mp3
"Ghosts" – 1:35
"The New Brutality" – 1:38 (featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Proving Ground)
"Atheists in Foxholes" – 1:41
"Nicaragua" – 1:33
"Labor Day" – 1:22
"Burn the Hive" – 1:29
"Panic" – 1:44 (featured in the video game Saints Row)
"Angel" – 1:22
"The Pharmacist" – 1:07
"365" – 1:40
"Memorial Day" – 1:39
"View from a Headlock" – 1:56 (only on Japanese and Bandcamp versions)
Personnel
Dan Yemin – vocals, guitar
Colin McGinniss – lead guitar
Andy Nelson – bass guitar, vocals
David Wagenschutz – drums
Jason Yawn – guest vocals
J. Robbins – production, recording, mixing
Alan Douches – mastering
Kim Dumas – mastering assistance
Tim Gough – design
References
Paint It Black (band) albums
2005 albums
Jade Tree (record label) albums
Aase Texmon Rygh, (April 13, 1925 – May 21, 2019) was a Norwegian sculptor working in the modernist style.
Early life and education
Aase Texmon Rygh was born in Troms County, Norway. She studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry from 1944 until 1946. Two years later, she studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, under Einar Utzon-Frank, for one year. In 1950, she visited Paris, where she visited the Louvre. The visit would be pivotal in shaping her career as a professional artist.
Career
Texmon Rygh primarily exhibited in Norway, with a retrospective exhibition at the Henie-Onstad Art Centre in 1992. She has had solo works and participated in group exhibitions in Oslo, Bergen, Antwerp and São Paulo.
Work
The Möbius series were Texmon Rygh's signature works. They are sculptures based on the mathematical Möbius strip as the German mathematician August Ferdinand Möbius developed.
Later life and legacy
In 2001, Aase Texmon Rygh became a knight of 1 Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.
Texmon Rygh died May, 2019.
Notable exhibitions
2018: Aase Texmon Rygh. The Form of Eternity at Alta Museum, Alta, Norway
Notable works
Spiral II, bronze plaque, 1952 in Tønsberg
Bjørn Farmann monument, bronze plaque, 1971 in Tønsberg
Løk (Onions), 1977, Norwegian University of Life Sciences, Ås
Volta, in 1978, Furuset Senter, Oslo
Brutt form (Broken terms), 1983, Furuset Senter, Oslo
Möbius triple'', at Ekebergparken Sculpture Park, Oslo
References
External links
1925 births
2019 deaths
People from Troms
Norwegian sculptors
Norwegian women sculptors
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Alfred Gundersen (11 May 1892 – 8 January 1958) was a Norwegian wrestler. He represented the club IF Ørnulf and competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1892 births
1958 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Norway
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Norwegian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Oslo
Amjad Khan Afridi () is a Pakistani politician hailing from Kohat District. He served as a member of the 10th Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly. He is known as one of the most influential personalities in KPK.
References
Living people
Pashtun people
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa MPAs 2013–2018
People from Kohat District
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brent Powell (born February 8, 1969) is an American politician who has served in the Mississippi House of Representatives from the 59th district since 2013.
References
1969 births
Living people
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
Mississippi Republicans
21st-century American politicians
Elizabeth Balneaves (24 September 1911 – 7 November 2006) was a Scottish author, painter and filmmaker.
She was born in Aberdeen, the only child of Annie and Alexander Balneaves. She graduated from Gray's School of Art in Aberdeen and married the psychiatrist Dr James McLauchlan Johnston of Shetland extraction in 1934. Although they were separated for several years, James supported her in her work throughout their married life.
Elizabeth wrote six books, made a number of documentary films, drew many portraits in pastel and charcoal and painted many landscapes, latterly mainly of Shetland and Cullen. In Shetland, which she first visited with Jim in 1934, she is perhaps best known for The Windswept Isles (1977), which she wrote during the 20 or so years she and James lived in retirement in the old manse at Bigton in the 1960s and '70s. This was her tribute to the people and the islands whom she always felt had adopted her.
During those years she also made a documentary film of Shetland for the BBC: People of Many Lands - Shetland. Although painting was her first love it was her writing that brought her to a wider public attention, one of the first signs of her literary talent being a poem published in 1945 in Poetry Scotland (2nd collection), a series of Scottish poetry books published by William MacLellan & Co.
In the early 1950s Elizabeth travelled alone to Pakistan, particularly to Karachi and the Frontier with Afghanistan, where she stayed for several years, resulting in The Waterless Moon (1955) and Peacocks and Pipelines (1958), both of which received some critical acclaim. Later, she returned to the area with her son, Stewart, resulting in a third book on the area between the Hindu Khush and the Karakoram, The Mountains of the Murgha Zerin (1972) and some unique film footage of this remote area and its culture.
At a later date they returned to the Sundarbans (in then East Pakistan), this time concentrating on documentary filmmaking. In 1959, between her second and third books, Betty visited the area being flooded (in then Southern Rhodesia) by the new Kariba Dam where Stewart was working. Here she made a documentary film of the effects of the flooding on wildlife - Logging in the Sundarbans, East Pakistan - and wrote the story of a colourful Scottish Game and Tsetse Supervisor called Joe McGregor Brooks entitled Elephant Valley (1962). Just prior to this trip Elizabeth worked as a publicity officer for the Edinburgh Zoo and, as with everything she did, she made use of this experience in her only work of fiction, Murder in the Zoo (1974).
In February 2002, The Scotsman newspaper ran a story on Elizabeth and her two film-making, travelling, writing peers, Isobel Wylie Hutchison and Jenny Gilbertson. The article was titled: Action Woman.
Becoming computer literate on her 90th birthday she spent her last five years putting together the text for her final publication, her memoirs, which she never finished. Elizabeth died in Elgin, survived by her four children, 13 grandchildren and 11 great grandchildren.
Sources
"Scotsman" obituary
Scottish Screen Archive
1911 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Scottish painters
20th-century Scottish women artists
Scottish women painters
Scottish travel writers
British women travel writers
Scottish documentary filmmakers
Women documentary filmmakers
Ustyugov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Ustyugova. Notable people with the surname include:
Evgeny Ustyugov (born 1985), Russian biathlete
Sergey Ustiugov (born 1992), Russian cross-country skier
Russian-language surnames
Laki Peak (, ) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1302 m
in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated between the upper courses of Eliason and Polaris Glaciers.
The peak is named after the village of Laki, Blagoevgrad Province and the town of Laki, Plovdiv Province, both in Bulgaria.
Location
Laki Peak is located at , which is 8.85 km west of Mount Hornsby, 14.3 km north-northeast of Dolen Peak, 4.82 km east-southeast of Zasele Peak, and 31.1 km southeast of Volov Peak on Davis Coast.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Laki Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Laki Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Budafoki Munkás Testedző Egyesület is a professional football club based in Budapest, Hungary.
List of managers
István Szeder: ?–1952
János Steiner: 1952
Ignác Molnár 1953
Lajos Szollár: 1953–1958
Ferenc Rudas: 1958–1959
István Turai: 1959
Béla Marosvári: 1960–1963
Bánáti Rezső 1963–1967
Lajos Csordás 1967–1968
Sándor Haász: 1968
Károly Schneider: 1968
Lajos Szollár: 1968–1971
Kálmán Mészöly: 1971
Gyula Dobesch: 1972–1974
Kálmán Mészöly: 1974–1976
Gyula Dobesch: 1976–1984
Győző Megyeri: 1984–1987
Gyula Dobesch: 1987–1989
Lőrinc Sárközi: 1989–1993
József Gáspár: 1993–1994
Tamás Krivitz: 1994–1995
Lőrinc Sárközi: 1995–1996
György Haffner: 1996–1997
György Szabó: 1997
Pál Horváth: 1997–1998
Lajos Schróth 1998
Lőrinc Sárközi 1999–2000
József Gáspár 2000–2002
László Takács 2003–2004
Pál Horváth: 2004
Károly Gelei 2005–2008
Bálint Tóth 2008–2009
András Dunay: 2009
Elemér Piski: 2010
Tibor Patay: 2011
Lajos Schróth: 2011–2015
László Dajka: 2015
László Prukner: 2015–2017
Bálint Tóth: 2017
György Gálhidi: 2017–2018
Bálint Tóth: 2018
Zoltán Vitelki: 2018
Csaba Csizmadia: 2018–
References
Budafoki MTE
The following is a list of notable people associated with Earlham College, located in the American city of Richmond, Indiana.
Notable alumni
A–M
Carl W. Ackerman — first head of the Columbia University School of Journalism
Marjorie Hill Allee – author
Warder Clyde Allee – known for his research on animal behavior, protocooperation, and for identifying the Allee effect; elected to the National Academy of Sciences
John S. Allen – founding president of the University of South Florida; interim president of the University of Florida
Gertrude Bonnin (Zitkala-Sä) – writer, Native American activist, founded National Council of Indian Americans
Elizabeth Burchinal – authority on American folk dance, especially for women and children
Greg Burdwood – State Legislator in the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Rick Carter – head football coach, College of the Holy Cross; his 1983 team remains the only Holy Cross team to ever qualify for the NCAA Division I-AA playoffs; N.C.A.A. Division I-AA Coach of the Year
Al Cobine – big band leader and tenor saxophonist; worked closely with Henry Mancini and often associated with the Pink Panther theme song
Jana E. Compton – research ecologist with the Environmental Protection Agency
Joseph John Copeland – former president of City College of New York
Ione Virginia Hill Cowles - president, General Federation of Women's Clubs
Garfield V. Cox – attended but did not graduate; Dean of the University of Chicago School of Business, 1942–1952.
David W. Dennis – Congressman from Indiana
Juan Dies – co-founder and executive director of Sones de Mexico Ensemble; nominated for a Latin Grammy
Christoper Dilts – Senior Photographer at Obama for America 2012
Joseph M. Dixon – Congressman, Senator, 7th Governor of Montana
Liza Donnelly – cartoonist for the New Yorker
John Porter East – former U.S. Senator for North Carolina
Brigadier General Bonner F. Fellers – General MacArthur's psychological warfare director during World War II; during the subsequent occupation of Japan, worked with fellow Earlhamite Isshiki Yuri (see below) to persuade MacArthur to preserve the institution of the Emperor and clear Emperor Hirohito of war crimes
Jim Fowler – star of Wild Kingdom
Lew Frederick (Lewis Reed Frederick) – member of the Oregon House of Representatives 2010–2016; Member Oregon State Senate 2017–Present; Outstanding Alumni Award 2013
Reverend Wilda C.Gafney - American priest and bible scholar.
Sara Gelser – member of the Oregon House of Representatives 2005-2014 and member of the Oregon State Senate 2015–present) Outstanding Alumni Award 2016; Recognized as one of Time Magazine's "Person of the Year" Silence Breakers in 2017
Andrew Ginther – Mayor of Columbus, Ohio, 2016–present
Robert Graham – Endowed Chair, Department of Family Medicine, University of Cincinnati Medical Center; elected to the National Academy of Sciences, Institute of Medicine
Tim Grimm – played FBI agent Dan Murray alongside Harrison Ford in the film Clear and Present Danger (1994)
David Grosso — City Council Member for the District of Columbia
Mary Haas – linguist, pioneer in the field of Siamese language studies; former President of the Linguistic Society of America
William Hadley – established the Hadley School for the Blind
Michael C. Hall – actor on HBO's Six Feet Under and star of Showtime's Dexter, for which he was nominated for an Emmy and won Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards
Margaret Hamilton – headed the team that wrote the onboard flight software for NASA's Apollo program
Robert M. Hirsch – former Chief Hydrologist and head of water science for the United States Geological Survey
Emily Caroline Chandler Hodgin – temperance reformer
Mary Inda Hussey – Semitic text authority; first woman to teach at the American Society for Oriental Research in Jerusalem
John Herndon James – Chief Justice of the 4th Court of Civil Appeals in San Antonio
C. Francis Jenkins – demonstrated the first practical motion picture projector
Walter Jessup – former head of the Carnegie Corporation and president of the University of Iowa
Henry Underwood Johnson – US Congressman from Indiana
Robert Underwood Johnson – former US Ambassador to Italy
Andrew Johnston – film critic for Time Out New York, Us Weekly, Radar magazine; Editor of the "Time In" section; TV critic for Time Out New York
Joseph Henry Kibbey – Territorial Governor of Arizona
Peter D. Klein – chaired Rutgers University's Department of Philosophy
Frances Moore Lappé – activist and author of three-million-copy bestseller Diet for a Small Planet
Simone Leigh – noted multimedia and ceramic artist
Maurice Manning – Pulitzer Prize finalist poet
Howard Marmon – former president of the American Society of Automotive Engineers
Manning Marable – professor at Columbia University; author of Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention, which won a Pulitzer Prize in 2012
Edward Matney – received an Emmy for a 1998 segment of Nightline on the Clinton White House
Dan McCoy – writer for The Daily Show and host of The Flop House podcast
Elephant Micah (real name Joseph O'Connell) – lo-fi recording artist
Morris Hadley Mills – Indiana State Senator
Molly R. Morris – ecologist, professor at Ohio University
N–Z
William Penn Nixon – publisher of the Chicago Inter Ocean and president of the Associated Press
Larry Overman – organic chemist, member of the National Academy of Sciences
Josh Penn – producer of Beasts of the Southern Wild, which won the narrative grand jury prize and the cinematography award at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012 and was nominated for the Best Picture Oscar in 2013
Robert Quine – named by Rolling Stone as one of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time
Marc Reisner – author of the books A Dangerous Place and Cadillac Desert
David Rovics – singer/songwriter and activist
José Royo – CEO of Ascent Media Group, a provider of large-scale digital services to creative media companies, including film studios
Olive Rush – artist
Rock Scully – manager of The Grateful Dead 1965–1985
Andrea Seabrook – contributor to National Public Radio's All Things Considered and former Congressional correspondent for NPR
David Shear – US Ambassador to Vietnam
William E. Simkin – helped prevent national strikes and resolved thousands of labor disputes as the federal government's chief labor mediator and as a leading private arbitrator
Ruth Hinshaw Spray – peace activist
Wendell Meredith Stanley – biochemist, shared a 1946 Nobel Prize for discovering methods of producing pure enzymes and virus proteins
Laura Sessions Stepp – Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist for The Washington Post
Edwin Way Teale – naturalist writer; won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1966; elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science; staff writer at Popular Science
Ralph Waldo Trueblood – Editor-in-Chief of The Los Angeles Times (1934–37); co-inventor of the telephotographer, the first device used by newspapers for sending pictures by wire
Thomas Trueblood – President of the National Society of Elocutionists; his golf teams won two NCAA National Championships and five Big Ten Conference championships
Harold Urey – received the Chemistry Nobel prize in 1934; known for his discovery of deuterium and the Miller–Urey experiment
Frederick Van Nuys – U.S. Senator from Indiana 1932–1944
Amy Walters – producer, National Public Radio
Zach Warren – ran the Boston Marathon while juggling in 2 hours, fifty-eight minutes
Newton K. Wesley – Japanese American optometrist; early developer of commercially successful rigid contact lenses in the 1950s
Herman Brenner White – physicist
Don Wildman – actor and host of TV travel shows including Ushuaia, Men's Journal and Cities of the Underworld on The History Channel
Harry N. Wright – President of City College of New York, mathematician
Notable faculty
William W. Biddle – social scientist and a major contributor to the study of community development and propaganda
Landrum Bolling – President of Earlham from 1958 to 1973; Director at Large of Mercy Corps; back channel between Yasir Arafat and Jimmy Carter
Wayne C. Booth – former Professor of English; literary critic; author of The Rhetoric of Fiction and The Company We Keep
Anna Cox Brinton and Howard Brinton – Quaker scholars and administrators
John Elwood Bundy – impressionist painter
Evan Ira Farber – Emeritus Library Director, named Academic Research Librarian of the Year in 1980
Del Harris – former Earlham basketball coach; current NBA coach
Robert L. Kelly – former Earlham College president, made Chevalier of the Legion of Honor by the French government
Thomas R. Kelly – author of A Testament of Devotion
Dale Edwin Noyd – decorated fighter pilot and Air Force captain who became a conscientious objector during the Vietnam War
E. Merrill Root – poet
Peter Suber – Professor of Philosophy Emeritus, creator of the game Nomic, and a leader in the open access movement
D. Elton Trueblood – Quaker author and theologian
References
External links
Earlham College Alumni Association website
Earlham Outstanding Alumni Award recipients
Earlham College people
Nachavule () is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Ravi Babu and produced by Ramoji Rao. The film was the debut for the stars Tanish and Maadhavi Latha. The film is a teenage romantic comedy. It was released on 19 December, 2008. The film won three Nandi Awards.
Synopsis
The film is told as an autobiographical narrative in the voice of Luv Kumar.
Luv Kumar's parents fell in love and married despite belonging to different linguistic backgrounds. In the present, love has faded, because his father takes his wife's affection for granted.
Looking for a female partner, Luv scours Hyderabad. He believes in a twisted logic that getting the first girlfriend is tough and after that, the deluge would follow. He befriends Anu under strange circumstances. He shows off his new girlfriend to whoever cares. Suddenly, girls start finding him attractive, including women who had rejected him earlier. He goes on a spree with numerous girls, conveniently forgetting Anu who has fallen hopelessly in love with him. At a party, he lies to friends within Anu's earshot that he has slept with her. This breaks Anu's heart and she decides to leave him and the town. Luv cannot understand her sudden coldness, but continues to ignore her.
When Luv's mother dies, plunging his family into enormous grief, his father reflects on his relationship with his wife and feels terrible that he had taken her love for granted. He tells his son that we only realize the true value of people once they have left us. This strikes a chord in Luv who realizes how he has taken Anu's love for granted and hurt her. He leaves to find Anu and win her back.
Cast
Tanish as Lava Kumar "Luv"
Maadhavi Latha as Anu
Y. Kasi Viswanath as Luv's father
Raksha as Sushma, Luv's mother
Narasimha as Srinu
Naveen as Mandy
Kamesh as Anu's father
Narayana Reddy
Prasad as Anu's neighbour
Sarath
Allari Subhashini
Sudeepa Pinky as Nurse
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Shekhar Chandra and the lyrics were penned by Bhaskarabhatla.
Awards
Controversy
Maadhavi Latha alleged that she was severely harassed and her mother scolded for refusing to become close with an important person in the movie team during shooting, and refusing to wear a short dress. Another major revelation is that production company Ushakiran Movies pays less than production houses.
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Telugu-language films
Films directed by Ravi Babu
Arthromeris is a genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae, subfamily Drynarioideae, according to the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I).
References
External links
eflora.org
Polypodiaceae
Fern genera
Antonio Rosa Ribeiro (born 8 October 1992), commonly known as Toni or Tony, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Emirati Club side Hatta.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Democrata Futebol Clube players
Operário Ferroviário Esporte Clube players
Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias players
Clube Atlético Metropolitano players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
FC Cascavel players
Brusque Futebol Clube players
Paraná Clube players
Atlético Petróleos de Luanda players
Hatta Club players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Girabola players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
UAE First Division League players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Angola
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Park View School is an academy and sixth form in Chester-le-Street, County Durham for students aged 11 to 18. Year 7 and 8 students spend the first two years at the North Lodge site two miles to the north of the Church Chare site. During 2012 to 2013, it underwent a £1 million refurbishment.
History
Chester-le-Street Secondary School opened in September 1911. The school changed names to Chester-le-Street Grammar School in 1944, the Deanery in 1969, Park View Comprehensive in 1976, then finally Park View Community School in 1982. In July 2011, it became an academy shortening its name to Park View School.
Ofsted and academic achievement
In 1997 Park View Community School was designated as a Language College, and in 2008, it was awarded High Performing Specialist School Status and adopted an additional specialism in Applied Learning. It has also been awarded Beacon Status, the International School Award, the Language for Export Award, the Artsmark Award, the Sportsmark and Activemark Awards 2006, the Leading Edge School Award. The school generally gets good results, with the best GCSE and A-level results in County Durham. The 2004 Ofsted inspection rated Park View "very good" in every category. Since the 2008 inspection the school has been consistently rated "good".
Extracurricular activities
In 2007, Park View took part in the NGS River Monitoring Project. In 2009, the school had its first student attain a place on the Prime Minister's Global Fellowship programme, the Global Fellowship programme ceased at the end of March 2011. From 2011, the school has participated in the Comenius Bilateral School Partnerships programme.
Notable alumni
Chester-le-Street Grammar School
Alan Clark (keyboardist), keyboardist for Dire Straits
Prof Anne Curry FRHistS, Professor of Medieval History since 2004 at the University of Southampton
Terry Garbett, footballer for Watford & New York Cosmos.
Prof Jack Heslop-Harrison, President from 1974 to 1975 of the Institute of Biology
June Markham, ice dancer with Courtney Jones, won the World Championships in 1957 and 1958
Edwin Solomon CBE, Chief Constable from 1967 to 1974 of West Midlands Constabulary
John Taylor CBE, Chief executive from 2001 of Acas
Park View Comprehensive
Jeff James, CEO of The National Archives
Park View Community School
Will Fletcher, Olympic rower
Darren Holden (footballer), footballer for Consett A.F.C
Steve Howard, footballer for Leicester City F.C.
Grant Leadbitter, footballer for Sunderland A.F.C.
Ross Pearson UFC fighter
Adam Reach, footballer for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Jonny Maddison, footballer for Port Vale F.C.
References
External links
School homepage
Secondary schools in County Durham
Academies in County Durham
Educational institutions established in 1952
1952 establishments in England
Chester-le-Street
"Friends and Lovers" is a song written by Jay Gruska and Paul Gordon. The song was first recorded as a duet by Gloria Loring and Carl Anderson in 1985 for the soap opera Days of Our Lives, produced by Doug Lenier. That recording remained unreleased until the summer of 1986, when it was released shortly after a version by Juice Newton and Eddie Rabbitt hit country radio. The country version featured the altered title of "Both to Each Other (Friends and Lovers)".
Pop version
Gloria Loring is a singer and actress who beginning in 1980 portrayed the character Liz Chandler on the American soap opera Days of Our Lives. Her character was a lounge singer, so Loring was often called upon to perform on-screen; one of the songs she performed during this period was "Friends and Lovers". The song became the theme music for one of the popular supercouples on the show in the mid 1980s, Shane Donovan and Kimberly Brady (portrayed by Charles Shaughnessy and Patsy Pease).
In 1985, Carl Anderson (known for his portrayal of Judas Iscariot in both the film and stage versions of the Andrew Lloyd Webber / Tim Rice rock opera Jesus Christ Superstar) appeared on Days of Our Lives and performed the duet with Loring. The commercial release of this duet was delayed for months before becoming available in the summer of 1986, first as a single on the label USA Carrere, then later on Anderson's self-titled album on Epic Records and Loring's eponymous album on Atlantic Records. According to Loring, it had been turned down by most of the major American record labels at the time, and she had taken to referring to the song informally as "Friends and Lawyers".
The song was a hit when released, spending two weeks at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on September 27 and October 4, 1986, behind "Stuck with You" by Huey Lewis and the News. It remained in the Top 40 for 14 of its 21 overall weeks on the chart. It reached No. 1 on the Billboard sales chart and No. 2 on the airplay chart (the two components of the Hot 100 chart). It also spent two weeks at No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart. "Friends and Lovers" would be the only Top 40 hit for either performer. Loring left Days of Our Lives at the same time the single started to descend down the music charts. Anderson eventually died in 2004 from complications arising from a long battle with leukemia.
Chart history
Country version
In 1986, country-pop singers Juice Newton and Eddie Rabbitt released a version of "Friends and Lovers", altering the title to emphasize the final line of the chorus. Technically, Newton and Rabbitt's recording is a pre-release cover version, since it was commercially available before the pop version was released. Therefore, even though Loring and Anderson recorded the song first, Newton and Rabbitt are credited with the original commercial version. Their duet was called "Both to Each Other (Friends and Lovers)", and although its arrangement differed from Loring and Anderson's recording, it is lyrically the same song. Both Newton ("Queen of Hearts", "Love's Been A Little Bit Hard On Me") and Rabbitt ("I Love a Rainy Night", "Every Which Way but Loose") had already enjoyed considerable success on both the pop and country music charts, and their version of the duet went to No. 1 on the Billboard country chart. This was Newton's final No. 1 though her last solo No. 1 had come eight months earlier with "Hurt".
Chart history
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1986 (U.S.)
References
External links
1980s ballads
1985 songs
1986 singles
Atlantic Records singles
Carrere Records singles
Country ballads
Days of Our Lives
Eddie Rabbitt songs
Epic Records singles
Juice Newton songs
Pop ballads
RCA Records singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Richard Landis
Songs written by Jay Gruska
Songs written by Paul Gordon (composer)
Male–female vocal duets
Bough Down is a collection of poetry and small mixed media collages, created by Karen Green. It was published in 2013 and won the Believer Poetry Award the same year. In her book, Green explores how contradictory emotions can coexist and processes these sentiments through her prose and art.
Background
Green is known for a variety of exhibitions, such as The Forgiveness Machine, an interactive display from 2009, and Tiny Stampede, a collection of collages from 2011. Alongside Bough Down, Green is also the author of Voices from La Frontera: Pioneer Women from the Big Bend Tell Their Stories (2002) and Frail Sister (2018).
Green lives in Northern California.
Green was married to American author David Foster Wallace in 2004 until his death of suicide in 2008. Although his name is never mentioned in Bough Down, Green's vulnerable words and dissection of grief stem from this loss.
Book's content
Organization
Bough Down's order is a reflection of the confusion and imbrication of emotions that accompany the loss of a loved one. There are stretches of pages with a paragraph or two of verse, surrounded by large margins and empty space. These are followed by a randomly placed blank page or a postage-sized print of a collage on a single page. The only method of organization is chronologically, as the memories she writes about progress by month and through the evolution of her emotions. Many of her poems are written about a specific person. These people include a variety of characters, such as doctors, the jazz lady, Green's relatives, pets, and even Green herself. These verses vary in content; some are memories, some are comparable to a diary of her thoughts, and others are a combination of the two. Although many of the themes are very serious, some lines are filled with humor, easing the tension.
Collages
The small collages printed throughout the book are a part of Green's collection, Tiny Stampede. This series was displayed in an exhibition in 2011 in Pasadena, California. She combines snippets of sentences, printed images, inked fingerprints, pieces of a postage stamp collecting book, pencils shavings, her own drawings and watercolors, and other mediums. The mix of media is a form of found poetry, which uses fragments of sentences and random words from other sources to create a new unified work. Green used this process as an escape, a way of coping with trauma and grounding herself.
Each printed image in the book is relatively small as well, ranging between 0.5 inches and 3.5 inches in length and width. Green has stated that her choice in size is reflective of how minuscule and lost she felt during this time in her life. The mediums, specific scraps, and colors that she chose to use in each piece are representative of different parts of herself. The inked fingerprints point to her sense of identity as she becomes part of the collective of widows. The repetitive presence of faces and human-like forms is also illustrative of her exploration of selfhood. Green uses color and the names of colors in her work to represent what she calls "unimaginables", a list of her fears and faiths, which she chose to organize by color. The specific meaning behind each color is unknown, but they are used to express the emotions attached to this list. Some images included also depict particular memories and Green's raw self reflection associated with them.
Publication
Bough Down was published by Siglio Press in 2013 and is on its third printing.
Awards and recognition
In 2013, the year of its publication, Green won the Believer Poetry Award for Bough Down.
Bough Down has been compared to Anne Carson's Nox (2010) and Joan Didion's The Year of Magical Thinking (2005) in the ways she explores her grief through prose and visual art.
References
Wikipedia Student Program
Poetry
Poetry collections
Growing Up McGhee, formerly known as 6 Little McGhees (sometimes listed as Six Little McGhees) is an American reality television series that debuted on December 15, 2012, on the Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) that is based on the popular 1960s song "Seven Little Girl's (Sitting in the Backseat, Kissing and Hugging with Freddie McGhee)
On June 8, 2016, the show returned on UP under the new title Growing Up McGhee airing on Wednesdays at 9 pm.
Premise
The series follows the day-to-day lives of Mia and Rozonno McGhee, along with their household, as they balance life between their six children, marriage and a family business. The McGhees own and operate a carpet and upholstery cleaning business in their hometown of Columbus, Ohio. The couple, who met while in high school, both come from deprived backgrounds; they both suffered emotional abuse and physical neglect. Rozonno grew up without any contact from his father and with a drug-addicted mother. When Mia was a teenager, her mother threw her out of the family home, forcing the girl to drop out of school to support herself. The McGhees were married for 10 years and suffered several failed pregnancies before they were able to become parents.
Cast
Parents
Mia McGhee born November 19th 1980 (age 41)
Rozonno (Ro) McGhee Sr.-born July 6th 1979 (age 42)
Sextuplets (oldest to youngest)
Sextuplets born June 9th 2010 (age 12)
Rozonno Junior (RoRo)
Issac (Happy Feet)
Josiah "Joey" (Joe Joe)
Madison (Maddie)
Elijah (Eli)
Olivia "Liv" (Livvy)
Family and friends
Charmayne aka Cilky Smooth, Rozonno's mother
Frank, Rozonno's brother
Cierra, Mia's niece
Sonia, Mia's mother
Tania, Mia's sister
Cian, Mia's niece
Yasmin, Mia's niece
Antonsae aka Boogie, Kids' helper aunt
Amy, Volunteer Helper
Cieara, Mia's Friend
Luke, Manager
Episodes
Season 1 (2012–13)
The first season of 6 Little McGhees aired weekly on the Oprah Winfrey Network from December 15, 2012, to January 5, 2013.
Season 2 (2013)
The second season of 6 Little McGhees premiered on September 7, 2013, and concluded on October 26, 2013. Three previously unaired episodes were broadcast back-to-back on December 28, 2013.
Season 3 (2014)
Season 3 premiered on the Oprah Winfrey Network on Saturday September 6, 2014.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2012 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
Oprah Winfrey Network original programming
Television series about children
Television series about families
2014 American television series endings
Joanna Sue Zeiger (born May 4, 1970) is an American triathlete who is the 2008 Ironman 70.3 world champion. Zeiger represented the United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics in triathlon. She's the author of The Champions Mindset - An Athlete's Guide to Mental Toughness.
Early and personal life
Zeiger was born in Baltimore, Maryland, grew up in San Diego, California, lives in Boulder, Colorado, and is Jewish. She attended Patrick Henry High School in San Diego, graduating in 1988.
Career
Zeiger first began competing in swimming.
She and her sister, Laurie, represented the United States at the 1989 Maccabiah Games, the Jewish Olympics, in swimming. She won a gold medal, a silver medal, and two bronze medals.
She attended Brown University, where she held the school records in the freestyle, freestyle, and freestyle which she set in 1991. Zeiger received her PhD from The Johns Hopkins University's Bloomberg School of Public Health in 2001. Competitive running and cycling were added to her repertoire in 1992 and 1993.
Zeiger competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She placed fourth with a total time of 2:01:25.74. Her split times were 19:45.58 for the swim, 1:05:38.30 for the cycling, and 0:36:01.86 for the run. In the same year, she finished fifth at the Ironman World Championship with a time of 9:48:34. She's the winner of Ironman Brasil 2005 and Ironman Coeur d'Alene 2006.
In 2008, Zeiger won the Ironman 70.3 World Championship in Clearwater, Florida with a time of 4:02.49.
Honors
Zeiger was named the 1997 Amateur Triathlete of the Year. In 1998, she was named 1998 USA Triathlon's Rookie of the year and in 2000 the USOC Triathlete of the year.
Zeiger was honored by the Jewish Sports Hall of fame in March 2001.
See also
List of Jewish triathletes
References
External links
Joanna Zeiger's blog
1970 births
Living people
American female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Jewish American sportspeople
Track and field athletes from Baltimore
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Jewish swimmers
Competitors at the 1989 Maccabiah Games
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for the United States
Maccabiah Games silver medalists for the United States
Maccabiah Games bronze medalists for the United States
Maccabiah Games medalists in swimming
Sportspeople from Boulder, Colorado
Track and field athletes from San Diego
Olympic triathletes of the United States
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Fort Fuentes, , is a former military fort on the hill of Montecchio or Monteggiolo near Colico, in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy.
It was built by the Spanish governor of Milan, Don Pedro Enríquez de Acevedo, Count of Fuentes, to command the Pian di Spagna and the strategic Trivio di Fuentes, the crossroads between the Valtellina, the Valchiavenna and the Alto Lario, in order to defend the northern border of the Spanish domain against the Grisons to the north. Construction was begun in 1603 or October 1609 under military architect Gabrio Brusca, and was substantially complete within three years. Ancillary fortified structures were the tower of Sorico, the Torretta del Passo, the Fortino d'Adda, the Torrino di Borgofrancone, the Torretta di Curcio and the tower of Fontanedo. Like the city of Milan, the fort of Fuentes yielded in 1706 to Prince Eugène of Savoy, ending Spanish control of the area. It is thought that the Samolaco horse derives in part from Spanish stock abandoned by the garrisons of these fortifications.
The fort was visited in 1769 by the Emperor Joseph II, who declared it militarily useless. It was decommissioned in 1782, and the hill auctioned to a private buyer. The fortress was largely demolished in 1796 by general Rambeau on the orders of Napoleon and at the request of the Grisons. During the 19th century the ruins became the refuge of groups of bandits which the Austrian gendarmerie was unable to dislodge.
From 1911 until 1913 the Fort Montecchio-Lusardi with eight gun emplacements were constructed on the site, and the circular Spanish tower on the western side demolished at this time.
The fort saw no action during the First World War.
In 1987 the entire hill, with the ruins of the fort, was acquired by the province of Como, and later passed to the province of Lecco. The Associazione Forte di Fuentes, an association for the protection of the historic site, was formed in 1998.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1612
17th-century fortifications
Colico
Fuentes
Buildings and structures in Lombardy
1612 establishments in Italy
Muhammad Tholchah Hasan (10 October 1938 in Tuban - 29 May 2019 in Malang) was an Indonesian Islamic cleric, academic, and politician who served as Minister of Religious Affairs.
References
1938 births
2019 deaths
Government ministers of Indonesia
People from Tuban
Eriez Speedway located in Erie, Pennsylvania, United States is a 3/8 mile dirt oval race track. On July 22, 2007, Eriez Speedway held its first World of Outlaws Late Model Series event which was won by Josh Richards.
See also
Bedford Speedway
Lake Erie Speedway, Erie County, south of North East, Pennsylvania
Nazareth Speedway
Pocono Raceway
External links
Official Website
Stock car racing
Aglobi (; , Əğlabi; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,341 as of 2010. There are 31 streets.
Geography
Aglobi is located 20 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Aladash and Rubas are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins, Azerbaijanis and Tabasarans live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Henry Holland (1556–1603) was an English Church of England priest, known for his writing on witchcraft.
Life
He was educated at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he graduated Bachelor of Arts (BA) in 1580. He was instituted to the vicarage of Orwell, Cambridgeshire, on 21 November 1580. In 1583 he commenced Cambridge Master of Arts (MA Cantab), and on 13 February 1594 was instituted to the vicarage of St Bride's Church in the City of London, on the presentation of the dean and chapter of Westminster Abbey. This benefice was vacant by his death before 13 February 1604.
Works
Holland was the author of A Treatise against Witchcraft (1590).<ref>A Treatise against Witchcraft; or A Dialogue, wherein the greatest doubts concerning that sinne are briefly answered. … Herevnto is also added a Short Discourse, containing the most certen meanes ordained of God, to discouer, expell, and to confound all the sathanicall inuentions of Witchcraft and Sorcerie,' Cambridge, 1590; dedicated to Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex.</ref>
It was directed from a Calvinist point of view against folk magic and the sceptical arguments of Discoverie of Witchcraft'' by Reginald Scot; it also introduced arguments from the writings of Jean Bodin, Lambert Daneau and Niels Hemmingsen.
Other works were
‘Spirituall Preseruatiues against the Pestilence: chiefly collected out of the 91 Psalme,' London, 1593; 1603; dedicated to the lord mayor, sheriffs, and aldermen, and Thomas Aldersey, citizen, of London. To the second edition is added ‘An Admonition concerning the use of Physick,' which was reprinted with ‘Salomon's Pesthouse' (1630), by I. D.
‘Aphorisms of Christian Religion: or a verie compendious abridgement of M. I. Caluin's Institutions, set forth in short sentences methodically by M. I. Piscator: And now Englished according to the Authors third and last edition,' London, 1596, with dedication to Gabriel Goodman, dean of Westminster.
‘Christian exercise of Fasting, Private and Publick: whereunto is added certain Meditations on the 1st and 2d chapters of the Book of Job,' London, 1596.
Holland also edited (London, by Felix Kyngston, 1603) ‘Lectures upon the Epistles of Paul to the Colossians,' by Robert Rollok of Edinburgh, and the works of Richard Greenham (1599; 5th ed. 1612).
References
Attribution
1556 births
1603 deaths
16th-century English Anglican priests
Demonologists
English religious writers
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
People from Cambridge
Witchcraft in England
English male non-fiction writers
Papaipema leucostigma, the columbine borer, is a species of moth described by Thaddeus William Harris in 1841 and found in eastern North America. It is listed as endangered in the US state of Connecticut. The larvae feed on Aquilegia, common referred to as columbine.
References
External links
Original description in
Moths of North America
leucostigma
Moths described in 1841
Alfred Miller Baud (20 September 1892 – 5 December 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Baud was born in Nagambie and went to school there. After leaving school, he went to Bendigo for his first job in the Post Office and later moved to Melbourne.
Baud first played with Carlton with 1913 and during his three-season career was a member of two premiership sides. The first came in 1914 when he played on the wing in the club's Grand Final victory and the other came the following season. He was captain in the 1915 Grand Final due to Billy Dick being suspended and started the game at half back.
Soon after he joined the military, enlisting with the 5th Division as a signaller. After serving in Egypt and France, he was seriously wounded with a shrapnel injury to the head at Anzac Ridge in 1917, leaving him with reduced sight. The surgeons put a silver plate in his head that stayed in place for the remainder of his life. Baud's war service and injury is mentioned in sports journalist Martin Flanagan's 2003 collection of essays The Game in Time of War.
After the war he resumed work with the Post Office, and served for 50 years as a telegraphist and postmaster including long terms at the Ascot Vale and North Melbourne Post Offices.
His interest with football continued with Baud spending 19 years on the VFL tribunal. In 1937 he served as chairman of selectors for Carlton Football Club, and they won their first VFL Premiership since 1915.
References
External links
Bluseum profile
Ozsportshistory profile
Baud family history
1892 births
1986 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Carlton Football Club players
Carlton Football Club Premiership players
Eaglehawk Football Club players
Australian Army soldiers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Jack is an English hero and archetypal stock character appearing in multiple legends, fairy tales, and nursery rhymes.
Examples of Jack tales
Some of the most famous Jack Tales are "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Jack Frost", "Jack the Giant Killer", "Little Jack Horner" and "This Is the House That Jack Built". While these heroes are not necessarily congruous, their concepts are related and in some instances interchangeable.
Nature
Jack is generally portrayed as a young adult. Unlike moralizing fairy heroes, Jack is often lazy or foolish, but emerges triumphant through wit and trickery, resembling the trickster or rebel archetypes. Some of the stories feature Jack's brothers, Will and Tom. The notional "Jack" corresponds with the German Hans (or Hänsel) and the Russian Ivan the Fool. Some Jack tales feature themes that appear to originate from Germanic folk tales.
Jack tales in Appalachia
"Jack tales" are present in Appalachian folklore. As noted by the folklorist Herbert Halpert, the Appalachian Jack tales are analogous to many of the folk songs of Appalachia, being passed on orally rather than in writing, and tracing back to sources in England. In the Appalachian Jack tales, where the English original would feature a king or other noble, the Appalachian Jack tale version would have a sheriff.
In his book The Jack Tales American folklorist Richard Chase collected many popular Appalachian Jack tales as told by descendants of a man named Council Harmon (1803–1896), whose grandfather Cutliff Harmon (1748–1838) was believed by Chase to have brought the Jack tales to America. One notable descendant of Council Harmon known for the telling of Jack Tales was Ray Hicks, whose relatives continue to keep the oral tradition alive. The Harmon-Hicks family are also known for their unique repertoire of traditional British folk ballads.
See also
Jack of all trades, master of none
Jack in the green
Jack-o'-lantern
Jack o' Kent
Jack and Jill
Jack Be Nimble
Jack Sprat
Stingy Jack
Spring-heeled Jack
Jack the Ripper
Jack (name)
Jack and the Beanstalk
Jack the Giant Killer
Jack and His Comrades
Jack and His Golden Snuff-Box
Jack Horner (comics)
Suggested reading
William Bernard McCarthy, Cheryl Oxford and Joseph Daniel Sobol, Jack in Two Worlds: Contemporary North American Tales and Their Tellers, University of North Carolina Press (1994),
Julia Taylor Ebel, Orville Hicks: Mountain Stories, Mountain Roots, Parkway Publishers (2005),
Duncan Williamson, Don't Look Back, Jack!: Scottish Traveller Tales, Canongate Books (1990)
References
Further reading
External links
Folktale Transcripts, 1976-1990, Series 1. Archives of Appalachia.
List of Jack tales at ferrum.edu
Jack tales at ibiblio.org
Audio recording of a traditional Jack tale (Streaming and downloadable formats)
American folklore
Appalachian culture
English folklore
Cornish folklore
Heroes in mythology and legend
Fairy tale stock characters
Legendary English people
Male characters in literature
Male characters in fairy tales
District 36 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Lisa Reynolds.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
The 2015 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell (also known as the Torneo Godó) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 63rd edition of the event and part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2015 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, from April 20 through April 26, 2015.
Points and prize money
Points distribution
Prize money
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of April 13, 2015.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Roberto Carballés Baena
Nick Kyrgios
Albert Montañés
Elias Ymer
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Thiemo de Bakker
Márton Fucsovics
Jaume Munar
Andrey Rublev
Yūichi Sugita
James Ward
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Kenny de Schepper
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Alexandr Dolgopolov →replaced by Kenny de Schepper
Richard Gasquet →replaced by Andrey Kuznetsov
Jerzy Janowicz →replaced by Benoît Paire
Vasek Pospisil →replaced by Teymuraz Gabashvili
Milos Raonic →replaced by Thomaz Bellucci
Retirements
Paolo Lorenzi
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of April 13, 2015.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Gerard Granollers / Oriol Roca Batalla
Albert Montañés / Albert Ramos Viñolas
The following pair received entry from the qualifying draw:
Rameez Junaid / Adil Shamasdin
Champions
Singles
Kei Nishikori def. Pablo Andújar, 6−4, 6−4
Doubles
Marin Draganja / Henri Kontinen def. Jamie Murray / John Peers, 6–3, 6–7(6–8), [11–9]
References
External links
Official website
Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell
Barcelona Open (tennis)
Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell
David Kent Bassore (September 29, 1954 – April 3, 2006) was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Winona State University in Winona, Minnesota from 1987 to 1989 and at his alma mater, William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri, from 2001 to 2004, compiling a career college football coaching record of 25–48. Bassore was killed in an automobile accident on April 3, 2006, in Kansas City, Missouri.
Head coaching record
College
References
External links
1954 births
2006 deaths
Sam Houston State Bearkats football coaches
William Jewell Cardinals football coaches
William Jewell Cardinals football players
Winona State Warriors football coaches
High school football coaches in Kansas
People from Aurora, Missouri
Players of American football from Missouri
Road incident deaths in Kansas
Keokuk County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 10,033. The county seat is Sigourney.
History
Keokuk County was formed in 1837. It was named for the eponymous chief of the Sac Indians, who advocated peace with the white settlers. In May 1843, the county opened for public settlement, with its judicial and regulatory duties assigned to the existing Washington County. Its governing structure was created in 1844, although the seat was not decided (for Sigourney) until 1856.
Keokuk County is unusual in that it has two county fairs. The Keokuk County Fair is held in What Cheer and immediately followed by the Keokuk County Expo which is held in Sigourney.
The Keokuk County Courthouse was built in 1911, in Sigourney's Public Square Historic District. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1981.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. The South Branch of the Skunk River drains the topography, flowing eastward through the lower portion of the county.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 21
Iowa Highway 22
Iowa Highway 78
Iowa Highway 92
Iowa Highway 149
Adjacent counties
Poweshiek County − northwest
Iowa County − north
Washington County − east
Jefferson County − southeast
Wapello County − southwest
Mahaska County − west
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 10,033 in the county, with a population density of . 96.81% of the population reported being of one race. 93.01% were non-Hispanic White, 0.51% were Black, 2.14% were Hispanic, 0.15% were Native American, 0.16% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.03% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,654 housing units, of which 4,174 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 10,511 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,931 housing units, of which 4,408 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 11,400 people, 4,586 households, and 3,155 families in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 5,013 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.00% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.21% from other races, and 0.36% from two or more races. 0.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,586 households, out of which 30.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 6.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 27.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.
The county population contained 25.70% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 20.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 94.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,025, and the median income for a family was $41,818. Males had a median income of $28,306 versus $22,083 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,120. About 7.50% of families and 10.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.90% of those under age 18 and 10.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Delta
Gibson
Harper
Hayesville
Hedrick
Keota
Keswick
Kinross
Martinsburg
North English (partial)
Ollie
Richland
Sigourney
South English
Thornburg
Webster
What Cheer
Unincorporated communities
Atwood
Coal Creek
Pekin (partial)
Talleyrand
Townships
Adams
Benton
Clear Creek
East Lancaster
English River
Jackson
Lafayette
Liberty
Plank
Prairie
Richland
Sigourney
Steady Run
Van Buren
Warren
Washington
West Lancaster
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Keokuk County.
† county seat
Politics
For most of its history, Keokuk County has backed Republican Party candidates in presidential elections, with Democratic Party candidates only winning the county in eight presidential elections from 1896 on. Bill Clinton is the most recent Democratic presidential candidate to win the county (1996), while in 2016 his wife, Hillary Clinton, had the worst performance by a Democrat since 1924, only winning 26.9 percent of the vote. 2016 Republican candidate Donald Trump made a significant gain compared to his party's 2012 candidate Mitt Romney.
Education
School districts include:
Eddyville-Blakesburg-Fremont Community School District
English Valleys Community School District
Keota Community School District
Pekin Community School District
Sigourney Community School District
Tri-County Community School District
Former school districts:
Fremont Community School District
Hedrick Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Keokuk County, Iowa
Keokuk County Courthouse
References
External links
Keokuk County government's website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
