Gary station was a railway station in Gary, Indiana. It was located at 5th and Chase Streets, initially serving the Pennsylvania Railroad.
History
Gary first appeared on Pennsylvania Railroad time cards on June 23, 1907, a year after the town was founded. It was served by several of the railroad's named trains, including the Liberty Limited, General, Trail Blazer, Manhattan Limited, and Admiral.
Amtrak took over most passenger rail operations in 1971, but the Calumet continued to be operated by Penn Central Transportation (the successor to the Pennsylvania Railroad) until 1979. That same year, the Broadway Limited was rerouted around Gary. The Capitol Limited was inaugurated in 1981, which reinstated intercity services to the station. However, Gary was again dropped on April 28, 1985. Amtrak service ceased entirely after May 3, 1991 when the Calumet was discontinued.
See also
Union Station (Gary, Indiana) — former joint Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and New York Central Railroad depot
Adam Benjamin Metro Center — modern South Shore Line station in Gary
References
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
Former Amtrak stations in Indiana
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1907
Railway stations closed in 1991
Railway stations in Lake County, Indiana
Buildings and structures in Gary, Indiana
Demolished railway stations in the United States
Transportation in Gary, Indiana
The 2012–2013 North American drought, an expansion of the 2010–2013 Southern United States drought, originated in the midst of a record-breaking heat wave. Low snowfall amounts in winter, coupled with the intense summer heat from La Niña, caused drought-like conditions to migrate northward from the southern United States, wreaking havoc on crops and water supply. The drought inflicted significant economic ramifications for the affected states. It exceeded, in many measures, the 1988–1989 North American drought, the most recent comparable drought.
The drought affected most of the U.S., parts of Mexico, and central and Eastern Canada. At its peak in July 2012, it covered approximately 81 percent of the contiguous United States with at least abnormally dry (D0) conditions. Out of that 81%, 64% was designated as at least moderate drought (D1) conditions. Its area was comparable to the droughts in the 1930s and 1950s.
Drought continued in parts of North America through 2013. Beginning in March 2013, improved rainfall across the Midwest, southern Mississippi Valley, and Great Plains began gradually alleviating drought in these areas, while drought continued to intensify in the Western United States. Heavy rains across previously drought-stricken areas resulted in widespread flooding in portions of the Midwest, a phenomenon which was named "weather whiplash". By June 2013, approximately the eastern half of the United States was drought-free, while conditions continued to gradually improve across the Plains. Moderate to severe drought continues to impact and worsen throughout the western United States, with some portions of the United States being afflicted by the drought for over three years. Through the winter of 2013–2014, California continued to receive record low rainfall. For many locations, the calendar year of 2013 was the driest year in over 130 years. Some locations received less than half of their previous record low rainfall amounts.
Meteorological background
The drought was set in motion when strongly positive Arctic oscillation and North Atlantic oscillation conditions removed winter storms from the U.S. the winter of 2011–2012. When spring arrived, very little snow existed to melt and moisten the ground, and thus very little water to evaporate and create rainfall. The effects of the lack of snow were immediate. Dry conditions could be noticed immediately, and contributed to a weak tornado season in the U.S. The strongest tornado outbreak of 2012 occurred on March 2, after most snow had melted. The drought continued to steadily intensify along with a decline in rainfall which is still ongoing. The Summer 2012 North American heat wave caused further evaporation of groundwater, lakes, reservoirs, and rivers and streams.
As moisture has continued to decline, the conditions are becoming self-sustaining (i.e. a lack of rainfall means that less moisture is available to promote additional rainfall, in a vicious cycle). In many areas, the only way for drought conditions to be significantly alleviated in the short-term would be for a discrete, long-lived, and large system (such as a tropical cyclone) to impact the area. Soil hardening due to the drought means that even if a large amount of rain falls in a short time, most of it will run off quickly causing flash floods rather than drought relief. The June 2012 North American derecho and other strong storms in late June and early July did not appear to ease drought conditions, as the rainwater ran off rapidly from the affected areas.
The drought continued and intensified into the end of November 2014 for a large part of the country. Although drought/dry conditions are likely to drop at least one category level in the Southwest, Southeast, Northeast, and Northern Plains as well as portions of the Ohio River Valley, it is expected to have both short-term and long-term impacts across nearly the entire affected area.
A study by Utah State University analyzed the 2011 Missouri River Flooding and predicted that "a prominent teleconnection forcing in driving the wet/dry spells in the (Missouri River Basin)... implies persistence of dry conditions for the next 2 to 3 years", which coincides with the 2012–15 drought. That analysis was based upon a marked variability at the 10–15- year time scale that is coincident with the water storage increase in the Missouri River Basin. The study found that precipitation over the MRB undergoes a profound modulation during the transition points of the Pacific quasi-decadal oscillation and associated teleconnections.
Impacts
United States
The drought cost more than $35 billion in the Midwest, and may have reduced the gross domestic product by 0.5–1% of the U.S. as a whole, equating to a loss of $75 to $150 billion.
Crops, particularly strains grown in the most heavily affected regions (such as corn and soybeans), were noted to be failing or yielding very low in 2012 due to the drought's presence in farming areas. This increase in cost moved up the feeding chain and resulted in raised prices for meat, dairy, and processed food products.Food prices increased as a result of the consequent supply shortfall. The price of farm equipment, on the other hand, decreased as farmers were forced to sell off their equipment and machinery to cope with decreased incomes.
Water levels on parts of the Mississippi River plummeted, affecting trade and commerce.
1,692 counties across 36 states in the U.S. were legally declared primary natural disaster areas in August 2012 as the drought covered over 62% of the contiguous U.S. Hundreds of additional counties bordering the primary disaster areas were designated as "contiguous" disaster areas, and are also eligible for federal aid.
The number of cattle in the U.S. decreased to the lowest in 60 years due to drought impacts, with 69% of cattle located in areas that faced drought conditions.
California
California had been experiencing a drought since 2011. In 2013 the total rainfall was less than 34% of what was expected. Many regions of the state accumulated less rainfall in 2013 than any other year on record. As a result of this, many fish species were threatened. Streams and rivers were so low that fish couldn't get to their spawning grounds, and survival rates of any eggs that are laid were expected to be low. Lack of rainfall had caused the mouths of rivers to be blocked off by sand bars which further prevents fish from reaching their spawning grounds. Stafford Lehr, Chief of Fisheries within the California Department of Fish and Wildlife says that 95% of winter run salmon didn't survive in 2013. Not only did the drought severely affect fishing, but also agriculture. Decreasing rainfall amounts and increasing temperatures cause agriculture to be much more challenging due to increasing rates of evapotranspiration.
In response to heightening drought conditions, California tightened fishing restrictions in many areas of the state. Streams and rivers on the northern coast had unprecedented amounts of fishing bans. In February 2015 the California Fish and Game Commission voted unanimously to further tighten regulations on both recreational and commercial fishing. The U.S. Endangered Species Act listed steelhead as threatened and coho salmon as endangered. The California Department of Fish and Wildlife closed dozens of streams and rivers to fishing in 2014. Lehr said that he fears coho salmon may go completely extinct south of the Golden Gate Bridge in the near future. In early 2014 the main stems of the Eel, Mad, Smith, Van Duzen, and Mattole rivers were closed pending additional rainfall. Large areas of the Russian and American rivers were closed indefinitely. Most rivers in San Mateo, Santa Cruz and Monterey counties were also closed pending further rainfall. Other actions were also taken, such as releasing more water from the Kent Dam in hopes of raising the levels in the Lagunitas Creek watershed – one of the last spawning grounds that wild coho can still reach.
Protesters said that banning fishing will disrupt the economy and threaten the livelihoods of individuals who rely on salmon fishing during the winters. Officials felt that it will help prevent species that are already in trouble from slipping to extinction.
Canada
The drought affected Canada mainly in the east in Ontario, Quebec, and the Atlantic provinces where there was record setting heat and very little rainfall. Summer crops in these areas were affected and the price of produce, particularly corn and soybeans, was expected to increase.
See also
Concurrent and related weather events
Summer 2012 North American heat wave
June 2012 North American derecho
2012 Oklahoma wildfires
2012 Colorado wildfires
Climate change in California
2013 California wildfires
2014 California wildfires
2015 Puerto Rican drought
Other widespread severe droughts
Dust Bowl
1950s North American drought
1988 North American drought
2020–22 North American drought
References
External links
Annual Drought Report for 2012, National Climatic Data Center, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
National Drought Mitigation Center
Lifestyles of the Rich and Parched – How the Golden State's 1 percenters are avoiding the drought, Politico magazine
Droughts in North America
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought
Drought,2012
2012 Drought
Droughts in the United States
Droughts in Canada
North America
North America
North America
North America
Charles John Cutcliffe Wright Hyne (11 May 1866 – 10 March 1944) was an English novelist who was also known by the pen name Weatherby Chesney. He is perhaps best remembered as the author of The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis. He is also remembered for his Captain Kettle stories and for The Recipe for Diamonds.
Biography
Hyne was born 11 May 1866. He was married to Mary Elizabeth Haggas (died 1938). They had a son named Charles Godfrey Haggas Cutcliffe Hyne (1 December 1897 – 21 November 1916), who was wounded in the Battle of the Somme and died from his wounds. They also had a daughter, Nancy Mildred Cutcliffe Hyne (1902–1999).
Captain Kettle first appeared as a side character in the novel Honour of Thieves (1895). His first appearance as a main character was in the short story 'Stealing a President' in vol 1, issue 6 of Pearson's Magazine (1896). This initial short story was followed in 1897 by a series of twelve short stories again in Pearson's Magazine that were later collected and published as Adventures of Captain Kettle. Over the next four years two more sets of twelve stories were published in Pearson's Magazine and subsequently collected as Further Adventures of Captain Kettle ("A master of fortune" in the US) and Captain Kettle K.C.B. respectively.
The character of Captain Kettle was one of action and decision. He is said to be based on a South Shields sea captain, Davey Proffit, whose physical appearance closely matched the descriptions in the books, but Cutcliffe Hyne insisted emphatically that this was not the case. However, the most enduring image of Kettle was created by Stanley L. Wood, who provided the illustrations for Pearson's Magazine; they were reprinted in the first book compilations of the stories. He found 'the exact spit and image of our little sailor, pulling beer behind a bar' in a pub in north London. This is noteworthy because Wood's Captain Kettle bears a striking resemblance (particularly in his stance, the set of the head on the shoulders, his beard and the characteristic gaze) to the novelist Joseph Conrad, also a sailor. Among the people who saw this remarkable similarity was H. G. Wells, whose War of the Worlds appeared in Pearson's in instalments, alternating with the Captain Kettle stories. Conrad met Wells at just this time, read Pearson's, and borrowed whole phrases, key episodes, and images from the Kettle stories for Heart of Darkness.
Cutcliffe Hyne would probably have been forgotten but for the American science fiction fans such as Sprague de Camp. They republished The Lost Continent without permission, possible because of the then American copyright law, which led to the republishing of his other stories.
Bibliography
"Banana Farming in the Canary Islands", The Windsor Magazine – commonly listed as a book
Captain Kettle series
Honour of Thieves (Chatto and Windus: 1895) (Reprinted as The Little Red Captain (Pearson: 1902)
Adventures of Captain Kettle (C A Pearson: 1898)
Further Adventures of Captain Kettle (Pearson: 1899) (aka Master of Fortune (Dillingham: 1901))
Captain Kettle K.C.B. (The Last Adventure) (Pearson: 1903)
The Marriage of Captain Kettle (Heinemann: 1912)
Captain Kettle on the War-Path (Methuen: 1916)
Captain Kettle's Bit (Hodder and Stoughton: 1918)
The Rev. Captain Kettle (Harrap: 1925)
President Kettle (Eveleigh, Nash and Grayson: 1929)
Mr Kettle, Third Mate (Ward Lock: 1931)
Captain Kettle, Ambassador (Ward Lock: 1932)
Ivory Valley (Ward Lock: 1938)
Other fiction
Beneath Your Very Boots (Digby and Long: 1889)
Currie, Curtis & Co., Crammers (Remington: 1890)
Four Red Nightcaps (Eden, Remington: 1899) (Also published by MacQueen: 1900 as by Weatherby Chesney)
Stimson's Reef (Blackie: 1891)
The Matrimonial Mixture (Ward and Downey: 1891)
The Captured Cruiser, or Two years from land (Blackie: 1892)
Sandy Carmichael (1892: Sampson Low)
The New Eden (Longmans: 1892)
The Recipe for Diamonds (Heinemann: 1893)
The Wild-Catters: A Tale of the Pennsylvanian Oil-Fields (with H. S. Greig) (Sunday School Union: 1895)
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis (Hutchinson: 1900)
The Filibusters (Hutchinson: 1900)
Prince Rupert the Buccaneer (Methuen: 1901)
Thompson's Progress (Grant Richards: 1902)
Mr. Horrocks Purser (Dundee and London: John Long & Co, Ltd: 1902)
McTodd (Macmillan: 1903)
Atoms of Empire (Macmillan: 1904)
Kate Meredith, Financier (Authors and Newspapers Assoc: 1906) (aka Kate Meredith (Cassell: 1907)
Empire of the World (Everett: 1910), also known as Emperor of the World
Admiral Teach (Methuen: 1920)
Ben Watson (Country Life: 1926)
Abbs, His Story Through Many Ages (Hutchinson: 1929)
Wishing Smith (Robert Hale: 1939)
Short story collections
The Stronger Hand (Tower: 1896)
The "Paradise" Coal-Boat and Other Tales (Bowden: 1897)
The Derelict (Lewis, Scribner: 1901) (aka Mr Horrocks, Purser (Methuen: 1902)
The Trials of Commander McTurk (Murray: 1906) (Short Stories, one with Captain Keetle)
The Escape Agents (Laurie: 1911)
Firemen Hot (Methuen: 1914)
Red Herrings (Methuen: 1918)
West Highland Spirits (Ward Lock: 1932)
Absent Friends (Ward Lock: 1933)
Man's Understanding (Ward Lock: 1933)
Steamboatmen (Penguin: 1943) (Selected Short Stories)
Fiction published under the name Weatherby Chesney
The Adventures of an Engineer (Bowden: 1898) (Short stories)
The Adventures of a Solicitor (Bowden: 1898) (Short stories)
The Dilemma of Commander Brett (Bowden: 1899)
Prince Rupert the Buccaneer (Methuen: 1901)
John Topp, Pirate (Methuen: 1901)
The Foundered Galleon (Methuen: 1902)
The Fate of Capt. Petton (Everett: 1902)
The Branded Prince (Methuen: 1902)
The Glass Dagger (New Amsterdam Book Co.: )
The Baptist Ring (Methuen: 1903)
The Tragedy of the Great Emerald (Methuen: 1904)
The Mystery of a Bungalow (Methuen: 1904)
The Cable-Man (Chatto and Windus: 1907)
Romance of a Queen (Chatto and Windus: 1908)
The Claimant (Chatto and Windus: 1908)
Eighteen Exciting Adventures (James Askew & Son: 1914)
Fiction published under the name Nicholson West
The Mysterious Millionaire (Greening: 1906)
Nonfiction
Through Arctic Lapland (A & C Black: 1898)
People and Places as Seen by C. J. Cutcliffe-Hyne (Newnes: 1930)
But Britains are Slaves (Desmond Harmsworth: 1931)
My Joyful Life (Hutchinson: 1935)
Don't You Agree? (Hutchinson: 1936)
References
External links
Cutcliffe Hyne at Fantastic Fiction – with cover images
Weatherby Chesney at LC Authorities, 1 record, and at WorldCat, many records
1944 deaths
1866 births
Hyne, C. J. Cutcliffe
Victorian novelists
20th-century British novelists
, often referred to simply as Gatoh Move is a Japanese Joshi puroresu (women's professional wrestling) promotion established in 2012, by Emi Sakura. The promotion is most known for hosting shows in Tokyo at Ichigaya Chocolate Square, where there is no wrestling ring, only a small performing space in a shape of a square instead.
The name , written as a yojijukugo, is derived from the expression , while also evoking the words "gâteau" (French for "cake") and "move".
History
While in Thailand, Emi Sakura met Prachapoom “Pumi” Boonyatud, a long-time wrestling fan. By meeting Boonyatud, Sakura learned that there are many fans of professional wrestling in Thailand, which led to the two create Gatoh Move in February 2012. Originally, the promotion was named Bangkok Girls Pro Wrestling (BBK Pro), but was re-branded as Gatoh Move on May.
On September 22, 2017, Gatoh Move crowned their first Super Asia Champion, when Riho defeated "Kotori" in the finals of a tournament to become the inaugural champion. The championship was vacated on June 4, 2019, and remained vacant until 2021. On March 24, 2016, Gatoh Move crowned their first Asia Dream Tag Team Champions, Mizuki and Saki. There have been nine champions, with Best Bros (Baliyan Akki and Mei Suruga) being the current titleholders. The inaugural Super Asia Champion left Gatoh Move in July 2019. In November 2019, Gatoh Move held its final show in Thailand, while still remaining active in Japan.
Choco Pro (2020–present)
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns in Japan Gatoh Move began airing a YouTube exclusive show, Choco Pro, on March 29 2020, with Minoru Suzuki wrestling in the main event against Baliyan Akki.
In February 2021, Emi Sakura and Mei Suruga competed at the AEW Women's World Championship Eliminator Tournament for All Elite Wrestling (AEW), however, neither managed to win the tournament.
The Super Asia Championship was revived on the 99th episode of Choco Pro on March 22, 2021, where a singles match between Minoru Fujita and Baliyan Akki was announced for the day 2 of the 100th Anniversary of Choco Pro on March 28 where Fujita defeated Akki to win the title.
Roster
Current wrestlers
Alumni
Championships
Gatoh Move currently has two tites: the Super Asia Championship and the Asia Dream Tag Team Championship.
Current
Retired
Tournaments
References
External links
Japanese women's professional wrestling promotions
A silence procedure or tacit consent or tacit acceptance procedure (French: procédure d'approbation tacite; Latin: qui tacet consentire videtur, "he who is silent is taken to agree", "silence implies/means consent") is a way of formally adopting texts, often, but not exclusively in international political context.
A textbook on diplomacy describes the silence procedure thus:
In the context of international organisations, the subject of the procedure is often a joint statement or a procedural document, a formal vote on which with the members meeting in person is deemed unnecessary. Indeed, it is often impractical to try to stage a meeting between representatives of all member states either due to the limited importance of the text to be agreed upon or due to time constraints in the case of a joint declaration prompted by recent events. Organisations making extensive use of the procedure are, among others, the European Union, NATO and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
A draft version of the text is circulated among participants who have a last opportunity to propose changes or amendments to the text. If no amendments are proposed (if no one 'breaks the silence') before the deadline of the procedure, the text is considered adopted by all participants. Often this procedure is the last step in adopting the text, after the basic premises of the text have been agreed upon in previous negotiations. 'Breaking the silence' is only a last resort in case a participant still has fundamental problems with parts of the text and is therefore the exception rather than the rule.
Council of the European Union
Article 12(2) of the Rules of Procedure of the Council of the European Union states:
Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
An expression of the silence procedure is contained in Annex 1(A) "Application of a silence procedure in the Permanent Council and the Forum for Security Co-operation" of the Rules of Procedure of the OSCE (2006):
See also
Unanimous consent
References
Diplomacy
Procedure
Consent
The National Joint Committee of Working Women's Organisations was an organisation representing women active in the labour movement in the United Kingdom.
The organisation was founded in 1916 by the National Federation of Women Workers, Women's Co-operative Guild, Women's Labour League, Women's Trade Union League and Railway Women's Guild, as the Standing Joint Committee of Industrial Women's Organisations (SJCIWO). It aimed to represent women workers, by helping them gain representation on relevant bodies at the local, national and international level. It became closely aligned with the Labour Party, and the Chief Women's Officer of the party acted as the group's secretary.
By 1932, the group's constitution stated that the following organisations could become affiliates: "the Labour Party, the Trades Union Congress, the Women's Co-operative Guild, and the Railway Women's Guild; and organisations affiliated to the Labour Party or the Trades Union Congress, of which a substantial number of the members are women, which are national in character, and are accepted by the committee".
In 1941, the group was renamed as the Standing Joint Committee of Working Women's Organisations', and then in 1952 it adopted its final name.
By 1993, the group's members believed that its purposes were better served by other organisations in the labour movement, and it dissolved.
Secretaries
1916: Mary Longman
1917: Marion Phillips
1932: Mary Sutherland
1960: Sara Barker
1962: Constance Kay
1967: Betty Lockwood
1975: Joyce Gould
1985: Anne Wilkinson
Chairs
1916: Mary Macarthur
1921: Margaret Bondfield
1923: Florence Harrison Bell
1925: Ellen Wilkinson
1928: Jennie Lee
1930: Clara Rackham
1931: Dorothy Elliott
1931: Barbara Ayrton-Gould
1932: Susan Lawrence
1934: Eleanor Barton
1935: Anne Loughlin
1937: Anne Godwin
1938: Grace Colman
1940: E. Martin
1943: K. M. Shade
1944: Florence Hancock
1946: Margaret Allen
1949: Mabel Crout
1952: Jessie Smith
1967: Millie Miller
1969: T. Hinchey
1971: J. Lipson
1983: Rita Stephen
References
Political advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
Labour movement in the United Kingdom
Women's organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1916
1916 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organizations disestablished in 1993
1993 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Labour Party (UK)
History of women in the United Kingdom
Charles Martin Roser (November 16, 1864 – April 12, 1937), also known as C. M. Roser, was an Ohio food maker, Florida real estate developer and philanthropist. He was born in Elyria, Ohio and died in St. Petersburg, Florida.
Early career in Ohio
Charles Roser had part interest in a cheese business in Wellington, Ohio, before he went into the business of making candy and cookies in Kenton, Ohio. The cookie business became part of what is now Nabisco in the 1890s. Roser is credited by some with having invented the Fig Newton (actually a pastry) or at least the process or machinery to make it, but Nabisco has never acknowledged these claims. In any event Roser left his cookie business a very rich man.
Later career in Florida
In the early part of the 20th century Roser and his wife, Ruth, arrived in St. Petersburg where he built several hotels downtown as well as an office building and cafeteria on Central Avenue. He opened his C. M. Roser Real Estate office at 695 Central Avenue in the building he had built. Roser also built and donated a nurse's home for Mound Park Hospital as well as the first building for Mercy Hospital.
Roser Park in St. Petersburg
Unlike other local residential developers who started with large tracts of land, Roser slowly acquired the parcels he needed to create his Roser Park subdivision, which is now recognized as the Roser Park Historic District. He had the streets and sidewalks there paved with brick, which was quite expensive then. He built his own large house there and donated lands for a school and parks.
Anna Maria in Manatee County
On the northern end of the Gulf Coast island of Anna Maria in Manatee County, though, Roser had the opportunity to develop an entire community., which is now the City of Anna Maria. In 1892, George Emerson Bean had homesteaded the northern of Anna Maria Island and became the island's first resident. Bean died in 1898 and his son, George Wilhelm Bean inherited the property. In the early part of the 20th century, Charles Roser came down from St. Petersburg and partnered with him to form the Anna Maria Beach Company to develop the property by laying out streets and selling lots. Since the only access to the island then was by boat, Roser built a pier in 1911 at the end of Pine Avenue which jutted out into Tampa Bay to accommodate the boats bringing the expected influx of visitors and potential residents. Roser had a real estate office within easy walking distance of the pier on the south side of Pine Avenue. In 1913 as a memorial to his mother, he built Roser Memorial Community Church, which was the first church on the island. It has been enlarged and still serves the people of Anna Maria Island. Today Anna Maria is a residential community as well as a year-round vacation resort.
References
External links
Early History of the City of Anna Maria
Another History of Anna Maria
City of Anna Maria Website
Official Website of Historic Roser Park
Roser Memorial Community Church website
People from Elyria, Ohio
People from St. Petersburg, Florida
1864 births
1937 deaths
The German Law on the Protection of Trade Secrets (German: Gesetz zum Schutz von Geschäftsgeheimnissen), or Trade Secrets Law in short (German: GeschGehG), serves to protect business secrets against unauthorized acquisition, use, and disclosure (§ 1 Abs. 1 Trade Secrets Law). The law implements the Directive (EU) 2016/943 on the Protection of Trade Secrets in German law. It replaces the right to secrecy, which was previously regulated in §§ 17-19 of the Act Against Unfair Competition.
Legislative history
On 21 March 2019, the Bundestag adopted the draft of The Law on the Protection of Trade Secrets. The Federal Council (German: Bundesrat) approved the bill on 12 April 2019. On 18 April 2019, the Law was enacted as Article 1 of the Law transposing Directive (EU) 2016/943 on the protection of undisclosed know-how and business information (trade secrets) against their unlawful acquisition, use and disclosure.
Criticism of the bill of the Federal Government
In the original bill of the Federal Ministry of Justice led by the SPD, which became public for the first time in April 2018, there was no exception for journalists and whistleblowers. It is expressly included in the EU Directive on which the law is based. In addition, companies in the German version should be allowed to determine for themselves what is and is not a trade secret. So also documents that prove a scandal. Companies could also report journalists to the prosecution if they report on internal documents. In the course of the investigations, editorial offices could have been searched and informants had been revealed. The persons concerned had been suspected of having committed a criminal offense for the duration of the investigation. Media associations and trade unions warned that journalists in particular, for fear of public prosecutorial investigations in the future, could shy away from uncovering maladministration. Especially since they could no longer guarantee their informants' protection. The likelihood that tax scandals, diesel manipulations or the like would come to light in the future, would be significantly reduced, if not nullified.
The original government bill, as described above, provided that only companies should be able to decide what is and is not a secret. In the view of the German Federation of Trade Unions, that would have been a muzzle for employees and their interest groups. On the part of the German Trade Union Confederation also an impairment of works council rights was suspected because employees could be hindered due to secrecy obligations to communication with the committees.
There was also criticism of the exemptions for persons who reveal trade secrets. The original draft from the Ministry of Justice, which had also been launched by the Federal Cabinet, still focused on the "intention" of doing something good for the public. The disclosing person had to act with the motive that the general public was "pointing out a malady in order to contribute to a social change," it had said. Critics had rejected this clause as a "mindfulness test" incompatible with the directive. This "mind test" came about through a translation error. Under the EU Directive, a whistleblower is justified if its publication objectively fulfills the purpose of serving the public interest. The German Ministry of Justice did not translate "purpose" with "purpose" but with "intention". Those who give scandals to the press must act with the intention of serving the public interest and must justify themselves accordingly. "This is the attitude test that is fortunately alien to modern criminal law," judged the left politician Niema Movassat.
However, these aspects were corrected in the legislative process (see below, in the section entitled "Content of the law after the resolution by the German Bundestag").
Content of the law after resolution by the German Bundestag
The law protects companies from espionage by competitors, while excluding journalists and their whistle-blowers from the criminal system. For the first time, whistleblowers are legally protected from prosecution.
By law, trade secrets which, according to the bill, have been created, inter alia, by an independent discovery or creation, are subject to uniform minimum protection throughout the European Union. Those who can invoke the law are provided with effective tools to defend themselves against unauthorized acquisition, use or disclosure of trade secrets. As a result, they may request that any documents, electronic files or other objects obtained be destroyed or published, or products recalled or destroyed on the basis thereof. In addition, they can take infringers "on the elimination of impairment and risk of recurrence even on an omission to complete" and have a broader right to information and the right to compensation.
The word trade secret had so far been substantiated only by the case law. The law defines the concept of trade secrets for the first time legally and uniformly throughout the European Union. The prerequisite for the existence of a trade secret is, among other things, the existence of appropriate secrecy measures of the companies such as "physical access restrictions" or "contractual security mechanisms" as well as a legitimate interest in the protection of the relevant information. In the official justification, the notion of legitimate interest states: "Legitimate interest may be any interest approved by the law. It also includes interests of an economic or immaterial nature, if approved by the legal system. Both personal interests such as the enforcement of claims or defense against impairments as well as the pursuit of legitimate group interests, for example, when the employee representatives informed about an imminent downsizing. [...] Any interest accepted by the legal system may be taken into account, including economic and non-material. For example, the right to recall and destruction may be disproportionate if the products are considered as infringing products merely because they are the subject of unlawful marketing. "The SPD Bundestag member Nina Scheer explained the purpose of legitimate interest in a Bundestag speech as follows: "Where trade secrets might no longer be protected, where there is a legitimate public interest in learning something that is in the scope of trade secrets - when it comes to investigative journalism, or even when workers are broaching issues, knowing these trade secrets - it must be possible to do so, to talk about it being revealed."
The law explicitly excludes employee and co-determination regulations from its scope, because there were two different, coherent criticisms of the government bill. On the one hand, companies should be able to decide what is secret and what is not. On the other hand, trade union sides also suspected that works council rights were impaired because employees could be prevented from communicating with the committees because of secrecy obligations. However, according to the law passed by the Bundestag, trade secrets are only considered to be information whose confidentiality the owner has a legitimate interest in secrecy (see comments above). In addition, it is expressly regulated that individual and collective industrial relations are not affected by the law.
In addition, whistleblowers or journalists are no longer classified per se as infringer or adjudicators when they make trade secrets public, because "There is also a change in § 5: We have made an exception for the justification just mentioned - just to prevent that there is a lack of clarity on the part of journalism: am I going to do something for which I should first have to justify myself in court, or am I doing something that definitely, from the outset, falls under an exemption?" Journalists and whistleblowers fall rather, in the case of a pertinent publication, from the beginning under an extended exception clause. The offenses in § 23 Trade Secrets Law also contain a justification for the violation of trade secrets by aid treatment by representatives of the press and the radio, which - such. As well as (syndicates) lawyers - among the so-called professional secretaries include. This justification is intended to minimize deterrent effects on journalists and is modeled on §353b of the German Criminal Code. This general exception is justified by the criminality risks for investigative journalists contained in the bill of the federal government and much-criticized (see in detail the remarks under point "criticism of the bill of the Federal Government" above).
Among other things, the law strengthens the protection of sources for journalists by introducing far-reaching exemptions for so-called whistleblowers: For instance, the publication of information is not covered by the protection of secrecy if the published information is to reveal unlawful acts and professional or other misconduct. The prerequisite for this is that the disclosure is of public interest. This is to prevent the publication is based on an act of revenge or this should only be used as a means of pressure. By contrast, acts described by the law as "mixed motivations" are considered harmless.
References
German intellectual property law
Trade secrets
Chowka (also spelled as Chauka) is a village in the Chandil CD block in the Chandil subdivision of the Seraikela Kharsawan district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Geography
Location
Chauka is located at .
Area overview
The area shown in the map has been described as “part of the southern fringe of the Chotanagpur plateau and is a hilly upland tract”. 75.7% of the population lives in the rural areas and 24.3% lives in the urban areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the district. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Civic administration
There is a police station at Chowka.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Chauka had a total population of 1,492, of which 780 (52%) were males and 712 (48%) were females. Population in the age range 0-6 years was 200. The total number of literate persons in Chauka was 1046 (80.96% of the population over 6 years).
(*For language details see Chandil block#Language and religion)
Education
Government High School Chowka is a Hindi-medium coeducational institution established in 1958. It has facilities for teaching in classes IX and X.
References
Villages in Seraikela Kharsawan district
Sport Science is an ongoing television series that explores the science and engineering underlying athletic endeavors. Originally filmed as a 12-part series that was broadcast on FSN from September 9, 2007, to April 20, 2008 (Series 1), the second series (2009) also appeared on FSN. Series 3 (2010) was picked up by ESPN. ESPN, who has changed the name of the series to SportScience, has yet to air new episodes. Instead, the network has chosen to air various SportScience vignettes during programs such as SportsCenter. Sport Science is a spinoff of its predecessor Fight Science on National Geographic.
Season 1 of Sport Science is currently available for streaming from TVNZ OnDemand.
The series is filmed inside a Los Angeles airport hangar or on location using a mobile laboratory. Each episode on series 1 focused on testing certain aspects of athletics (such as human flight and reaction time), while series 2 either poses more questions from previous episodes, or tries to re-analyze sporting moments or trials and tribulations, puts a human against animals or machines, or even checking against other sports or challenging the odds with data gathered using motion sensors and accelerometers. Professional athletes are featured prominently and are used to test the limits of the human body. In addition, host John Brenkus also participated in cases where an "average Joe" was required.
The Lead Engineer throughout the Sport Science series has been Dr. Cynthia Bir, Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan. Using methods that have been developed to understand human injury biomechanics, and developing new techniques to address the unique challenges found when studying live volunteers in high impact and high speed activities, Dr. Bir helps viewers to understand the forces (internal and external) sustained and generated by the body during high level athletic activities.
Sport Science was nominated for four Sports Emmy Awards in 2008 for Series 1, winning for Outstanding Graphic Design. Series 2 received even more accolades in 2009, being nominated for five Emmys and receiving two awards, for Outstanding Graphic Design and also for Outstanding New Approaches in Sports Programming.
References
External links
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1129059/, retrieved on 2009-5-27
http://television.aol.com/show/sport-science/1325011/main, retrieved on 2009-5-27
Michael, Hiestand (2007-9-27), Sports + science = The Latest on TV, https://www.usatoday.com/sports/columnist/hiestand-tv/2007-09-27-sports-on-tv_N.htm, retrieved on 2009-5-27
American sports television series
ESPN original programming
Fox Sports Networks original programming
2000s American documentary television series
2007 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
Sandwell Community Caring Trust is a registered charity set up in 1997 based in Sandwell. It provides residential and day care for people with physical and learning disabilities. It supports more than 600 people across a range of properties. It was cited by the Cabinet Office as an example or an organisation where, "since the staff have taken over, back-office costs have halved meaning more money is spent where it matters."
Geoff Walker is the Chief Executive Officer. He was shortlisted for Most People-Focused CEO at the HR Excellence Awards 2011. The organisation took second place in the Sunday Times Top 100 Companies To Work For survey in 2006.
In 2008 SCCT won a contract to provide NHS and social services in Torbay.
It took over three care homes with 150 staff: Grafton Lodge in Oldbury, Glebefields in Tipton and Greenhaven in Great Bridge in 2011 when they were threatened with closure after Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council said it could not afford to keep them open.
Unity Trust Bank and Big Issue Invest invested £4.2m into the organisation in 2014 to buy new care home facilities.
It plans to build a 62-bed home off Harvest Road in Rowley Regis.
It is about to take over Occombe House in Paignton which is owned by Torbay Council and run by Torbay and Southern Devon Health and Care NHS Trust. It provides for eight residents who require a high level of care and round-the-clock support. It was agreed in January 2015, after a dispute lasting 7 years, that the existing building should be replaced by two new four-bedroom bungalows which will be built and run by Sandwell Community Caring Trust.
References
External links
Sandwell Community Caring Trust
Sandwell
Charities based in the West Midlands (county)
Health in the West Midlands (county)
Social care in England
Augustine Mary Moore Stack (7 December 1879 – 27 April 1929) was an Irish republican and politician who served as Minister for Home Affairs from 1921 to 1922. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1918 to 1927.
Early life
Stack was born in Ballymullen, Tralee, County Kerry, to William Stack, an attorney's clerk, and Nanette O'Neill. He was educated at the Christian Brothers School in Tralee. At the age of fourteen, he left school and became a clerk in a solicitor's office. A gifted Gaelic footballer, he captained the Kerry team to All-Ireland victory in 1904. He also served as President of the Kerry Gaelic Athletic Association County Board.
Activism
He became politically active in 1908 when he joined the Irish Republican Brotherhood. In 1916, as commandant of the Kerry Brigade of the Irish Volunteers, he made preparations for the landing of arms by Roger Casement. He was made aware that Casement was arrested on Easter Saturday and was being held in Tralee. He made no attempt to rescue him from Ballymullen Barracks.
Stack was arrested and sentenced to death for his involvement in the Rising; however, this was later commuted to penal servitude for life. He was released under general amnesty in June 1917 and was elected as an abstentionist Sinn Féin MP for Kerry West at the 1918 Westminster election, becoming a member of the 1st Dáil. He was elected unopposed as an abstentionist member of the House of Commons of Southern Ireland and a member of the 2nd Dáil as a Sinn Féin TD for Kerry–Limerick West at the 1921 elections.
Stack, as part of his role as Minister for Home Affairs, is widely credited with the creation and administration of the Dáil Courts. These were courts run by IRA in parallel and opposition to the judicial system being run by the British government. The IRA and Sinn Féin was highly successful in both getting the civilian population of Ireland to use the courts and accept their rulings. The success of this initiative gave Sinn Féin a large boost in legitimacy and supported their goals in creating a "counter-state" within Ireland as part of their overarching goals in the War of Independence.
He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921, and took part in the subsequent Civil War. He was captured in 1923 and went on hunger strike for forty-one days before being released in July 1924.
Dáil
He was elected to the Third Dáil at the 1922 general election and subsequent elections as an Anti-Treaty Sinn Féin TD for the Kerry constituency. When Éamon de Valera founded Fianna Fáil in 1926, Stack remained with Sinn Féin being re-elected to the Dáil at the June 1927 general election. He did not contest the September 1927 general election.
Personal Life
In 1925, he married Winifred (Una) Gordon, née Cassidy (died 1950), the widow of a Royal Irish Constabulary district inspector, Patrick Gordon (1870–1912).
Stack's health never recovered after his hunger strike and he died in a Dublin hospital on 27 April 1929, aged 49.
Honours
Austin Stack Park in his home town of Tralee, one of the Gaelic Athletic Association's stadiums, is named in his honour, as is the Austin Stacks GAA Hurling and Gaelic football club.
References
External links
1879 births
1929 deaths
All-Ireland-winning captains (football)
Early Sinn Féin TDs
Irish Republican Army (1919–1922) members
Irish Republican Army (1922–1969) members
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Members of the 1st Dáil
Members of the 2nd Dáil
Members of the 3rd Dáil
Members of the 4th Dáil
Members of the 5th Dáil
Members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Kerry constituencies (1801–1922)
Ministers for Justice (Ireland)
People from Tralee
People of the Irish Civil War (Anti-Treaty side)
Politicians from County Kerry
UK MPs 1918–1922
Politicians imprisoned during the Irish revolutionary period
Jarett is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Jarett Cale, plays Jeremy in Pure Pwnage, an Internet-distributed, mockumentary series
Jarett Dillard (born 1985), American football wide receiver for the Jacksonville Jaguars
Jarett Park (born 1982), professional lacrosse player from Otisco, New York
See also
Charette (disambiguation)
Charrette
Garett
Garrett (disambiguation)
Jarrett (disambiguation)
Holywell is a hamlet located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.
The settlement is close to Whipsnade and Studham, and Holywell forms part of the Studham civil parish (where the 2011 Census population was included). Holywell is also located close to the county border with Hertfordshire.
Hamlets in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
KIHI (88.9 FM) was a radio station licensed to Burns, Wyoming, United States. The station was owned by Cedar Cove Broadcasting, Inc.
Cedar Cove Broadcasting surrendered KIHI's license to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on January 7, 2016; the FCC cancelled the station's license and deleted the call sign from the database on January 12.
References
External links
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
IHI
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Wyoming
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Radio stations disestablished in 2016
2016 disestablishments in Wyoming
IHI
Krietzschwitz is a village in the municipality of Pirna, in Saxony, Germany. It was incorporated into Pirna in 1974. The place was mentioned for the first time in 1359. It is situated on Bundesstraße 172, 5 km southeast of Pirna town centre.
References
Pirna
Populated places in Saxon Switzerland
Rhuan Rogerio Elias Barbosa (born December 18, 1991 in Guaranésia), simply known as Rhuan, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as defender for Santo André.
Career statistics
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Sharifa Fatima (; d. during or after 1461; sharifa is an honorific, her proper name being Fatima bint al-Hassan) was a female Zaydi Sayyid chief in 15th century Yemen.
She allegedly conquered Sa'dah and Najran. She was the granddaughter of Zaydi imam Al-Nasir Muhammad Salah al-Din.
Life
Fatima was the daughter of Hasan and the paternal granddaughter of imam Al-Nasir Muhammad Salah al-Din (d. 1391). She married her cousin an-Nasir Muhammad, son of imam Al-Mansur Ali bin Salah ad-Din (d. 1436). The couple had one child, a daughter named Badr.
In 1436, her uncle and father-in-law the imam died of the plague, and was succeeded by her spouse, who however died himself shortly after. As he lacked male heirs, Sharifa Fatima herself came to be in a position of power. The Zaydi, however, could not accept a woman in the position of imam, and therefore chose her distant relative Al-Mahdi Salah ad-Din as imam: she also married him.
Her spouse was, however, challenged in his position as imam by two other distant relations: Al-Mutawakkil al-Mutahhar and Al-Mansur an-Nasir. Her spouse was captured by Al-Mansur an-Nasir, and died in captivity in 1445. Fatima herself escaped captivity and established herself as an independent ruler with her base in Dhofar and Saada. During this period, she was the de facto leader of her own fraction of the Zaydi's.
When Al-Mansur an-Nasir failed to defeat her, they made peace by an alliance symbolized by marriage between Al-Mansur an-Nasir and her daughter Badr. In 1453, she executed Cheikh Saad Hasan bin Muhammad accused of planning to join Al-Mansur an-Nasir against her. The brother of the executed sided with Al-Mansur an-Nasir, who in 1456 successfully sieged Saad and took her as prisoner to Sana'a.
In 1461, Sana'a was taken by Al-Mutawakkil al-Mutahhar, who took both her and Al-Mansur an-Nasir prisoner. Shortly after, the castle was stormed by the followers of Al-Mansur an-Nasir. It is not mentioned what happened to Fatima, it is only stated that she died.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
"Warriors: Asian Women in Asian Society" from Colorq.org
"Women in Power 1450-1500" from Guide2womenleaders.com
15th-century women rulers
Women in 15th-century warfare
Women in war in the Middle East
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Yemeni Zaydis
Female Islamic religious leaders
Arab women in war
The 2018 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Final, the deciding game of the 2018 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship, was a hurling match played on 1 July 2018 at Croke Park, Dublin. It was contested by Kilkenny and defending champions Galway. The first game ended in a draw with Galway winning the replay a week later. The Galway captain was David Burke and Cathal Mannion was named as the man of the match for the replay.
Build-Up
Tickets for the final went on sale on 15 June and ranged in price from €35 to €40 in the stand and €25 in hill 16.
The drawn match and replay were shown live on RTÉ One as part of The Sunday Game Live.
The final of the 2018 Joe McDonagh Cup took place before the drawn final at Croke Park and was won by Carlow.
Match details
References
Leinster
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Finals
Wexford GAA matches
Galway GAA matches
Leinster Senior Hurling
Blas Esteban Armoa Núñez (born 3 February 2000) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a winger for Argentine Primera División club Tigre, on loan from Sportivo Luqueño.
Club career
A youth academy product of Sportivo Luqueño, Armoa made his professional debut on 4 April 2017 in Luqueño's 3–2 defeat against Club Libertad. He scored his first goal on 15 April 2017 in his club's 2–1 win against General Díaz.
International career
Armoa is a former Paraguayan youth international. He has played for Paraguay youth national teams at 2017 South American U-17 Championship, 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup and 2019 South American U-20 Championship.
Armoa was also part of under-23 team squad which competed at 2020 CONMEBOL Pre-Olympic Tournament.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Paraguay under-20 international footballers
Paraguay youth international footballers
Paraguayan Primera División players
Liga MX players
Argentine Primera División players
Sportivo Luqueño players
FC Juárez footballers
Club Atlético Tigre footballers
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Live at Maybeck Recital Hall Volume Ten is a live solo album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded at the Maybeck Recital Hall in California in late 1990 and released on the Concord label.
Reception
In his review on Allmusic, Richard S. Ginell noted "Producing a darker tone from the Maybeck Yamaha piano than do some other participants in the series, Kenny Barron gets a chance to flaunt a wider range of his influences than he usually does in a group format ... As usual with Maybeck, the sound of the hall's bright, brittle Yamaha piano is brilliantly captured".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"I'm Getting Sentimental Over You" (George Bassman, Ned Washington) - 7:17
"Witchcraft" (Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh) - 8:49
"Bud-Like" - 5:35
"Spring Is Here" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) - 10:48
"Well, You Needn't" (Thelonious Monk) - 6:50
"Skylark" (Hoagy Carmichael, Johnny Mercer) - 8:27
"And Then Again" - 5:29
"Sunshower" - 10:04
Personnel
Kenny Barron - piano
References
Kenny Barron live albums
1991 live albums
Concord Records live albums
Live instrumental albums
Albums recorded at the Maybeck Recital Hall
Solo piano jazz albums
The Battle of Purandar was fought between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire in 1665. The Mughal Emperor, Aurangzeb, appointed Jai Singh to lead a 14,000 strong armies against Shivaji and deputed several Mughal commanders like Dilir Khan, Rai Singh, Sujan Singh and Daud Khan to serve Jai Singh in his campaign. to besiege Shivaji's fortress at Purandar. After Mughal forces killed Maratha General, Murarbaji on 2 June 1665, Shivaji surrendered and gave up 23 of his fortresses.
References
Purandar 1665
Conflicts in 1665
1665 in India
Christmas Island is Jimmy Buffett's first Christmas album and is his twenty-first studio album overall. It features covers of popular Christmas songs in Buffett's musical stylings as well as two tracks which Buffett wrote for the album. "Twas the Night Before Christmas" is a hidden track. It was his last release with MCA Records.
Critical reception
Reviews tend to be mixed for the album. In a positive review, a reviewer states that "[Christmas Island] will have you on your feet all through the holidays." Rob O'Connor states that "this may not be the traditional Christmas fare of chestnuts roasting on an open fire, but for those who enjoy ocean breezes and 'wasting away' to this most successful beach bum, Christmas Island is exactly what the cruise director ordered." Thom Owens presents a more negative view of the album, describing Buffett as being "relaxed and entertaining" even though, "few of his new Christmas songs are remarkable and his rearrangements of classic carols are rather forced." However, several tracks remain very popular around the Christmas season. "Ho Ho Ho & A Bottle Of Rum" was the track chosen to be played live for promoting the album when first released, and seems to remain the most popular off the album. Although no singles were released, "Jingle Bells", "Mele Kalikimaka", "Ho Ho Ho & a Bottle of Rum", "Merry Christmas, Alabama (Never Far from Home)" and the title track get considerable amount of radio airplay during the season.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Vocals and musicians
Jimmy Buffett – all vocals, guitar
Melanie Prestidge - background vocals
Claudia Cummings – background vocals
Tina Gullickson – background vocals
Peter Mayer – background vocals
Nadirah Shakoor – background vocals
Robert Greenidge – Steelpan, percussion
Roger Guth – Drums
Ralph McDonald – Percussion
Jim Mayer – Bass, upright bass
Peter Mayer – Guitar, ukulele
Tom Mitchell – Saxophone
Greg "Fingers" Taylor – Harmonica
Michael Utley – Keyboards
Production and design
Alvin Booth – photography
Jimmy Buffett – arranger
Milton Dean – photography
Rob Eaton – engineer, mixing
Joe Hayden – second engineer
Abi Hodes – photography
Ted Jensen – mastering
Russ Kunkel – producer
Joe Lizzi – second engineer
John Lovell – horn arrangements
Tom Mitchell – horn arrangements
Jean Pagliuso – photography
Michael Ramos – production coordination
Sunshine Smith – coordination
Michael Utley – arrangements, producer, string arrangements
Brad Wilson – photography
References
Jimmy Buffett albums
1996 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Albums produced by Michael Utley
Albums produced by Russ Kunkel
Country Christmas albums
MCA Records albums
Pop rock Christmas albums
Etnon or Etno Engjujt is an Albanian music group from Pristina, Kosovo.
Etnon stand out in the Albanian music industry for their capabilities of combining ethnic Albanian music with rhythm of modern times. They managed to be among the most popular acts during post-war years and have continued to be together for nearly 18 years. Generally Genci is the one that deals with the production of the songs and the creation of texts for the group. Their song is familiar with "PROUD TO BE Albanian" by Default vitamin E. This song has, over many years, left traces in the Albanian music scene. Etnon have produced many more hits and have achieved many successes during these 19 years on stage.
Some other of their most popular songs are "All Night", "Le Per Mu Mama", "Nany", "Sa Katile", "Still", "1 Million" and "Shake It" among many others. "Shake It" has reached 25 million hits on their YouTube channel without making it onto the music market.
Etnon is well known for cooperation with Albanian singers known as Mad Lion, Don Arbas, Lyrical Son, Tingulli 3nt, Arta Bajrami and many other singers of different genres. Many of these names that Genc has helped and brought to the market are some of the most famous Albanian Singers today. They own their own production company called Black Fish Entertainment which is mainly run by Genc.
Besides albums they have created, they have won many awards. One of them is the prize obtained in the festival "Golden Microphone" with the song "Still".
At the same festival in 2002 they were honoured for the song "Summer" in Arta Bajrami. Etnon is ranked among the most successful names of Albanian music.
Their aliases include Gentz and Mc`M.
Discography
Dua Të Jetoj Më Mirë (1999)
The Dynasty (2001)
Etno Engjujt (2003)
Vitamin E (2005)
10she (2007)
Ethnomenon (2009)
7th Chapter (2012)
References
External links
Etnon feat D Master - Le per mu mama
Etnon feat Lyrical Son & Dj Blunt - Albanian
Horrorcore groups
Musical groups established in 1990
Kosovo Albanians
Musicians from Pristina
Albanian hip hop groups
On 29 November 2021, Keir Starmer, Leader of the Opposition in the United Kingdom, carried out a reshuffle of his shadow cabinet. The slimmed down shadow cabinet, was seen to be Starmer creating a top team in his own image.
The major outcome of the reshuffle was the reinstatement of Yvette Cooper to the frontbench. She returned as Shadow Home Secretary, a role she held in Ed Miliband's Shadow Cabinet.
With the departure of Cat Smith, the Shadow Cabinet now contains zero members of the Socialist Campaign Group, a left-wing faction loyal to former leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Cabinet-level changes
Junior-level changes
On 4 December 2021, LabourList reported the junior changes to the frontbench.
Justin Madders becomes Shadow Minister for Employment Rights and Protections
Stephen Morgan becomes Shadow Schools Minister
Stephen Kinnock becomes Shadow Armed Forces Minister
Alex Norris becomes Shadow Minister for Levelling Up
Andrew Gwynne becomes Shadow Public Health Minister
Ellie Reeves becomes Shadow Justice Minister
Afzal Khan becomes Shadow Justice Minister
Karin Smyth becomes Shadow Minister for Social Care (covering for Liz Kendall who is starting maternity leave)
Matthew Pennycook becomes Shadow Housing Minister
Chris Elmore becomes Shadow Culture Minister
Jeff Smith becomes Shadow Sport, Tourism, Heritage & Music Minister
Holly Lynch becomes Shadow Security Minister
Tulip Siddiq becomes Shadow City Minister
Helen Hayes becomes Shadow Minister for Children and Early Years
Feryal Clark becomes Shadow Health Minister
Rachel Hopkins becomes Shadow Cabinet Office Minister
Bill Esterson becomes Shadow Business & Industrial Strategy Minister
Florence Eshalomi becomes Private Parliamentary Secretary to the Cabinet Office
Tonia Antoniazzi becomes Shadow Northern Ireland Minister
Alex Davies-Jones becomes Shadow Minister for Tech, Gambling & Digital Economy
Jack Dromey becomes Shadow Home Office Minister
Naz Shah becomes Shadow Home Office Minister
Liz Twist becomes Shadow Scotland Minister
Gillian Merron becomes Shadow Culture Minister
Bambos Charalambous becomes Shadow Minister of State for the Middle East and North Africa, replacing Wayne David
Olivia Blake becomes Shadow Climate Change & Net Zero Minister
Lyn Brown becomes Shadow Foreign Office Minister
Alex Sobel becomes Shadow Natural Environment & Climate Change Minister
Ruth Cadbury becomes Shadow Trade Minister
Andy Slaughter becomes Shadow Solicitor General
Jessica Morden becomes Shadow Deputy Leader of the House of Commons
Reaction
Resignation of Cat Smith
Before the reshuffle was underway, Cat Smith resigned as Shadow Secretary of State for Young People and Democracy, despite Starmer asking her to stay in her position. In her resignation letter, Smith described the ongoing suspension of Jeremy Corbyn as "utterly unsustainable" and voiced her concern that the situation was damaging the party.
Failure to inform Angela Rayner
Deputy Leader of the Labour Party Angela Rayner was not notified of the reshuffle, as it was first reported while she was making a keynote speech on Parliamentary Standards at the Institute for Government. The resignation tweet from Cat Smith was sent out during the Q&A section, so Rayner was caught off guard. Starmer was criticised for not notifying his deputy before announcing the reshuffle. Lisa Nandy dismissed claims that Rayner had been humiliated over the alleged snub, stating that the reshuffle showed "we're moving north" to a question on Sky News asking about the left–right focus on the reshuffle which had been discussed in the media. A similar rift occurred at the reshuffle in May 2021, in which Rayner was demoted from her position as party chair and national campaign coordinator after Labour's heavy loss in the 2021 Hartlepool by-election.
Appointment of Yvette Cooper
Yvette Cooper's appointment as Shadow Home Secretary was one of the most significant changes announced by Starmer, as it returned her to the role she had previously occupied in 2015 as a member of the Miliband shadow cabinet. The move was seen as a shift towards the right and a further departure from the Corbyn era. Jon Craig of Sky News described Cooper as "Labour's lost leader" and speculated that her comeback would increase her odds of one day succeeding Starmer.
Other appointments
David Lammy was promoted to Shadow Foreign Secretary. He had served as a minister under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, and in the weeks before the reshuffle had been under scrutiny for his second job. His appointment was criticised in the Daily Telegraph.
The decision to move Lisa Nandy from her position as Shadow Foreign Secretary would have typically been regarded as a demotion; however, it was widely reported to be positive, as her new role would involve opposing the Johnson government's flagship levelling up policy and facing Michael Gove across the dispatch box. Nandy's experience as a Northern MP and interest in the importance of towns have been cited as making her well-suited to the portfolio.
Former Leader of the Labour Party Ed Miliband was moved to a new role, from Shadow Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy to Shadow Climate Change Secretary. While he had been praised for his speeches during the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, his responsibilities may have been reduced in response to his outspoken support for the public ownership of energy companies.
Laura Kuenssberg of BBC News wrote that the slimmed down shadow cabinet aimed to "combine experience and youth". Robert Peston of ITV News described the reshuffle as abandoning "the fatuous project of trying to ... placate Labour's warring factions". Instead, Starmer has "chosen shadow ministers for their perceived ability". Stephen Bush of the New Statesman presented a more critical perspective on the reshuffle, arguing that certain appointments (such as moving to Streeting to Health rather than Education) did not appear to "make sense". Former Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell, who had served under Jeremy Corbyn, stated that the reshuffle "[gave] the impression of Christmas Past not Christmas Future", while criticising the perceived promotion of "Blairite" MPs.
The reshuffle was considered to boost Labour's chances in the Old Bexley and Sidcup by-election four days later.
See also
Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer
Official Opposition frontbench
References
Cabinet reshuffles in the United Kingdom
November 2021 events in the United Kingdom
2021 in British politics
Labour Party (UK)
Paracobitis vignai is a species of stone loach found in the Sistan basin in Iran. This species reaches a length of .
References
Freyhof, J., H.R. Esmaeili, G. Sayyadzadeh and M. Geiger, 2014. Review of the crested loaches of the genus Paracobitis from the Iran and Iraq with the description of four new species (Teleostei: Nemacheilidae). Ichthyol. Explor. Freshwat. 25(1):11-38.
vignai
Fish of Asia
Fish of Iran
Taxa named by Teodor T. Nalbant
Taxa named by Pier Giorgio Bianco
Fish described in 1998
Calamagrostis pseudophragmites is a species of grass in the genus Calamagrostis and the family Poaceae. It occurs along water, canals and rivers in Europe. It is a perennial species, blooming in June and July. The stem is smooth less hairy than the other species in the genus. This grass species grows up to 1.2 meters high, the leaves are approximately 6 mm wide/broad, and roll in their edges/margin. The spikelets in the over-hanging panicle are coloured violet, and the lower bract has a needle on it. The sepals/bracts are longer than those of the spikelets.
pseudophragmites
Staufenberg may refer to:
Staufenberg, Hesse, a town in the district of Gießen, Hesse, Germany
Staufenberg, Lower Saxony, a municipality in the district of Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany
Staufenberg (Reinhardswald), a mountain in the Reinhardswald in the district of Kassel, Hesse, Germany
Staufenberg (Vellmar), a mountain near Vellmar in the district of Kassel, Hesse, Germany
See also
Stauffenberg, German noble family
Ward No. 7, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 1, covering parts of Bagbazar neighbourhood in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 7 is bordered on the north by the Circular Canal; on the east by Bagbazar Street, Bosepara Lane, Nivedita Lane, Ramkanta Bose Street and Sarkarbari Lane; on the south by Bidhan Sarani, Sachin Mitra Lane and Girish Avenue; and on the west by the Hooghly River.
The ward is served by Shaympukur police station of Kolkata Police.
Amherst Street Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the North and North Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Amherst Street, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Cossipore, Chitpur, Sinthi, Burtolla and Tala.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 7, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 19,180, of which 9,942 (52%) were males and 9,238 (48%) were females. Population below 6 years was 961. The total number of literates in Ward No. 7 was 15,969 (87.65% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Shyampukur (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
The Deutscher Schwimmsport-Verband (DSSV) was the governing body for swim sports in East Germany (GDR). It was an organ of the larger Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund, which was a mass organization that oversaw all sports associations in the GDR. In 1988 the organization had 83,509 registered athletes and 6,911 trainers. Shortly after German reunification the remnants of the DSSV were absorbed by the various swimming associations of the West German states.
References
Sports governing bodies in East Germany
Sports organizations established in 1958
Organizations disestablished in 1990
1958 establishments in East Germany
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Ed Sullivan Jr. (born 1969 in Mundelein, Illinois) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 51st district since 2003.
After receiving a B.A. in History and Political Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1991, Sullivan Jr. served as an aide to U.S. Congressman Phil Crane (IL-8). In 1993, he was elected to the first of five terms as the Fremont Township Assessor.
In April 2013, Rep. Sullivan became the second Republican representative in Illinois to support the state's same-sex marriage bill. He did not run for re-election in 2016.
Early life and education
Sullivan Jr. is a graduate of Carmel High School. He received a B.A. in History and Political Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1991.
Professional experience
Sullivan Jr. served as an aide to U.S. Congressman Phil Crane (IL-8). He was elected to his first term as the Fremont Township Assessor in 1993, and went on to serve four additional terms.
District and legislation
The 51st State Representative District is a hook-shaped geographical area encompassing a wide range of suburban demographics in Lake County, Illinois, that includes all or substantial parts of the Illinois communities of Lake Zurich, Kildeer, Deer Park, Long Grove, Hawthorne Woods, Libertyville, Mundelein, Green Oaks, and Waukegan, Illinois.
Rep. Sullivan Jr. served as Assistant Republican Leader for the 98th session of the Illinois General Assembly. His committee assignments included Executive, Consumer Protection, and Rules where he was the "Republican Spokesperson" (ranking minority party member), as well as Mass Transit, Public Utilities, and Revenue and Finance.
Historical legislative efforts by Rep. Sullivan Jr. include extensive work on tax legislation and work on anti-gang initiatives. He was one of two Republican representatives in Illinois to support a same-sex marriage bill in April 2013.
The Illinois branch of the Republican-associated Opportunity Project (IOP), a self-described "research and public policy enterprise" advocating conservative state legislation and policies in support of "free markets and free minds" [a 501(c)(4) tax exempt organization], scored Rep. Sullivan Jr. in 2012 at 88 on a scale of 100; a grade of "A−", it was a score tied for 3rd highest of the 120 members of the Illinois House evaluated.
Personal life
Sullivan Jr. is married; his wife, Trish, is a family nurse practitioner. They live in Mundelein with daughter Kaileigh and son Edwin.
Further reading
Bills where this Rep. appeared as primary sponsor (with link in each leading to all sponsored bills): 98th General Assembly (GA), ; 97th GA, ; 96th GA, ; 95th GA, ; 94th GA, ; 93rd GA,
References
External links
Personal website,
1969 births
Living people
People from Mundelein, Illinois
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
The Battle of Raigarh occurred between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire in 1689. Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb ordered his General Zulfiqar Khan to capture the Maratha king, Rajaram. Mughal forces attacked Raigad (Raigarh) and the fortress fell, however Rajaram escaped before that happened.
Aftermath
The mothers, wives, daughters and sons of Sambhaji and Rajaram were taken as prisoners by Zulfiqar Khan Nusrat Jung The captured members were treated graciously. Aurangzeb ordered a tent to be set-up for them in Gulbarga. And they were alrighted with all respect and privacy. Annual pensions were fixed on all of them according to their position.
Abdul Rahim Khan was ordered to go and confiscate the property from the Fort. Itiqad Khan was rewarded by promotion to the rank of 3 hazari (2,000 troops) and gifts, and was honoured by the title 'Zulfiqar Khan Bahadur'.
References
Raigarh
Raigarh 1689
1689 in India
Raigarh 1689
The Whole Town's Talking (released in the UK as Passport to Fame) is a 1935 American comedy film starring Edward G. Robinson as a law-abiding man who bears a striking resemblance to a killer, with Jean Arthur as his love interest. It was directed by John Ford from a screenplay by Jo Swerling and Robert Riskin based on a story by W.R. Burnett originally published in Collier's in August 1932. Burnett was also the author of the source material for Robinson's screen break-through, Little Caesar. The film The Whole Town's Talking (1926) has no story connection to this film.
Plot
Meek and mild Arthur Ferguson Jones and brash Wilhelmina Clark work at the same advertising firm. He harbors a secret crush on her while she barely knows he exists.
Jones turns out to look exactly like the notorious bank robber "Killer" Mannion and is apprehended by the police. After his true identity is confirmed, the district attorney gives Jones a "passport," a letter identifying him as not Mannion, so that he can avoid the same trouble in the future. Jones becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss, begins ghost-writing Mannion's "autobiography" in the newspaper, with good-natured but street-wise "Miss Clark" (as he refers to her) voluntarily acting as his agent to see that he gets paid.
Mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave Jones "holding the bag" for Mannion's crimes. He kidnaps Wilhelmina, Jones' visiting aunt, and his manager from work, and takes them back to his hideout. He instructs Jones to make a large deposit for Mannion's mother's benefit at the First National Bank, and then has a henchman phone the police and tell them that he (Mannion) is about to rob the bank. But Mannion's plan fails when Jones forgets to bring the check and unwittingly leads the police back to Mannion's hideout.
Upon his arrival, Jones is mistaken for Mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes that he is meant to be the fall guy. When the real Mannion returns unexpectedly, his gang thinks he is Jones and machine-guns him to death. The police arrive in time to capture the rest of the gang and release the captives. With Mannion dead, Jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to Shanghai with Wilhelmina.
Cast
Edward G. Robinson as Arthur Ferguson Jones and "Killer" Mannion
Jean Arthur as Wilhelmina Clark
Arthur Hohl as Detective Sergeant Boyle
James Donlan as Detective Sergeant Howe
Arthur Byron as Spencer, District Attorney
Wallace Ford as Healy, Record reporter
Etienne Girardot as Seaver, office manager
Donald Meek as Hoyt
Edward Brophy as "Slugs" Martin (as Ed Brophy)
Paul Harvey as "J.G." Carpenter
Cast notes
In his autobiography, All My Yesterdays, Edward G. Robinson wrote of Jean Arthur, "She was whimsical without being silly, unique without being nutty, a theatrical personality who was an untheatrical person. She was a delight to work with and to know."
Lucille Ball has a small uncredited part as a bank employee, and Francis Ford, director John Ford's older brother, appears as a newspaper reporter at the dock.
Production
The Whole Town's Talking – which had the working titles of "Jail Breaker" and "Passport to Fame" – was in production from October 24 to December 11, 1934. The film incorporated some footage originally shot for Columbia's 1931 film The Criminal Code.
Columbia Pictures borrowed Edward G. Robinson for this film from Warner Bros. – Robinson heard about the transactions through gossip columnist Louella Parsons. At the time Robinson's career was somewhat moribund and the star was tired of playing only gangsters. He was initially opposed to the project but changed his mind after reading the script. In retrospect The Whole Town's Talking has been seen as a turning point for Robinson, reviving his cinematic fortunes. Along with 1933's The Little Giant and 1938's A Slight Case of Murder, it was one of the few comedies Robinson made.
W.R. Burnett, who wrote the story that The Whole Town's Talking was based on, also wrote Little Caesar, which was the film that catapulted Robinson to stardom, and High Sierra, the film of which was a significant step for Humphrey Bogart in moving from playing gangsters to romantic lead.
Response
Film critic and historian Jean Mitry said of the film that it is "...wonderfully cut and mounted, supercharged, taut like a spring, it is a work of total perfection in its genre." And Michael Costello of All Movie Guide wrote that "Ford directs and cuts the scenes with uncharacteristic rapidity, seeming to enjoy playing off the meek clerk against the anarchic gangster." On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an aggregate score of 100% based on 13 critic reviews.
References
External links
1935 films
1935 comedy films
1930s crime comedy films
American black-and-white films
American crime comedy films
Columbia Pictures films
Films based on works by W. R. Burnett
Films directed by John Ford
Films with screenplays by Robert Riskin
Films with screenplays by Jo Swerling
Films scored by Louis Silvers
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Lost Books of the Odyssey is a 2007 novel by Zachary Mason, republished in 2010. It is a reimagination of Homer's Odyssey.
Mason, who wrote the book while working full-time, won first prize and initial publication in a 2007 competition sponsored by Starcherone Books, an independent publisher in Buffalo, New York. The Los Angeles Times reviewed the book, and it became a finalist in the New York Public Library's Young Lions Fiction competition in 2009. The book garnered additional positive reviews upon re-publication with Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
Jonathan Galassi, president of Farrar, Straus and Giroux, noticed the book and worked with Mason to craft a second edition of the book, reducing its length and making other modifications to the content. The result was more widely reviewed to acclaim.
Plot
References
2007 American novels
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
Self-published books
2007 debut novels
Novels based on the Odyssey
Kate Torney is the CEO of the Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre and was formerly the CEO of the State Library of Victoria from 2015 to 2021. She took over the CEO role of the library from Sue Roberts.
Torney was the ABC News (Australia) Director for the final six years of a 20-year career there, from 2009 to 2015. During this time, Torney oversaw the launch of ABC News 24. Before her role as Director, she had worked in a variety of roles, including as a radio and TV reporter, producer, bureau chief, executive producer and editor. Also the her she spent 25 years in journalism.
Torney is a member and former Chair of National and State Libraries Australia (NSLA), and serves on the board of The Conversation
Until two separate 2022 mass resignations amid major governance upheaval, she also served on the boards of Circus Oz, and the Judith Neilson Institute of Journalism and Ideasthe Judith Neilson Institute of Journalism and Ideas.
She was formerly a member of the Ministerial Council for Volunteers and the Ministerial Council for the Creative State.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian women journalists
Australian journalists
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Hypselodoris bennetti is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.
Distribution
This nudibranch is found in Southeastern Australia from Queensland to Victoria.
Description
H. bennetti has a translucent white body which may have a blue, pink or purple hue, and a bright yellow mantle edge. There are red spots on its under body and dorsum running longitudinally along the centre and at the mantle edge. Some animals have yellow spots. The gills and rhinophores are white, outlined with pink or red. This species can reach a total length of at least 50 mm and has been observed feeding on sponges from the genus Psammocinia.
References
External links
An image of a mating pair at
Chromodorididae
Gastropods described in 1864
The All-Time All Star Award in Football was an award given on an annual basis to a sportsperson who had made a long-running and considerable contribution to the sport of Gaelic football in Ireland. In existence from 1980 until 1994 the award was presented to a former player who, more than likely, would have received an Star had the awards scheme been in existence during their playing days.
List of winners
See also
All-Time All Star Award (hurling)
References
Donegan, Des, The Complete Handbook of Gaelic Games (DBA Publications Limited, 2005).
Football
The unary numeral system is the simplest numeral system to represent natural numbers: to represent a number N, a symbol representing 1 is repeated N times.
In the unary system, the number 0 (zero) is represented by the empty string, that is, the absence of a symbol. Numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, ... are represented in unary as 1, 11, 111, 1111, 11111, 111111, ...
Unary is a bijective numeral system. However, because the value of a digit does not depend on its position, it is not a form of positional notation, and it is unclear whether it would be appropriate to say that it has a base (or "radix") of 1, as it behaves differently from all other bases.
The use of tally marks in counting is an application of the unary numeral system. For example, using the tally mark | (𝍷), the number 3 is represented as |||. In East Asian cultures, the number 3 is represented as 三, a character drawn with three strokes. (One and two are represented similarly.) In China and Japan, the character 正, drawn with 5 strokes, is sometimes used to represent 5 as a tally.
Unary numbers should be distinguished from repunits, which are also written as sequences of ones but have their usual decimal numerical interpretation.
Operations
Addition and subtraction are particularly simple in the unary system, as they involve little more than string concatenation. The Hamming weight or population count operation that counts the number of nonzero bits in a sequence of binary values may also be interpreted as a conversion from unary to binary numbers. However, multiplication is more cumbersome and has often been used as a test case for the design of Turing machines.
Complexity
Compared to standard positional numeral systems, the unary system is inconvenient and hence is not used in practice for large calculations. It occurs in some decision problem descriptions in theoretical computer science (e.g. some P-complete problems), where it is used to "artificially" decrease the run-time or space requirements of a problem. For instance, the problem of integer factorization is suspected to require more than a polynomial function of the length of the input as run-time if the input is given in binary, but it only needs linear runtime if the input is presented in unary. However, this is potentially misleading. Using a unary input is slower for any given number, not faster; the distinction is that a binary (or larger base) input is proportional to the base 2 (or larger base) logarithm of the number while unary input is proportional to the number itself. Therefore, while the run-time and space requirement in unary looks better as function of the input size, it does not represent a more efficient solution.
In computational complexity theory, unary numbering is used to distinguish strongly NP-complete problems from problems that are NP-complete but not strongly NP-complete. A problem in which the input includes some numerical parameters is strongly NP-complete if it remains NP-complete even when the size of the input is made artificially larger by representing the parameters in unary. For such a problem, there exist hard instances for which all parameter values are at most polynomially large.
Applications
Unary numbering is used as part of some data compression algorithms such as Golomb coding. It also forms the basis for the Peano axioms for formalizing arithmetic within mathematical logic.
A form of unary notation called Church encoding is used to represent numbers within lambda calculus.
See also
Unary coding
One-hot encoding
References
External links
Numeral systems
1 (number)
Elementary mathematics
Coding theory
Formal languages
Adhamh (Adam in the Irish language) may refer to:
Adhamh Ó Cianáin (died 1373), Irish historian and genealogist
Leabhar Adhamh Ó Cianáin, Medieval manuscript
See also
Àdhamh, Scottish Gaelic form of the name
Irish-language masculine given names
The 2020 season for the road cycling team began in January at the Tour Down Under.
Team roster
Riders who joined the team for the 2020 season
Riders who left the team during or after the 2019 season
Season victories
National, Continental and World champions 2020
Footnotes
References
External links
Footnotes
2020 road cycling season by team
2020
2020 in Dutch sport
Diana's Baths is a series of small waterfalls located in the southeastern corner of the town of Bartlett, New Hampshire, near the village of North Conway in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States. This historic site is within the White Mountain National Forest. The stream that flows into this waterfall is called Lucy Brook. The waterfalls were once the location of an old sawmill operation in the 1800s. After the sawmill was abandoned by the Lucy family in the 1940s, it was turned into a historic site that would be protected by the U.S. Forest Service. The total drop of the waterfalls is , and the hike to the base of the waterfall is about . Diana's Baths is now a popular family destination.
The intensity of the stream is related to the season; the stream flow is most intense in the springtime because of runoff from the winter snowmelt. Insect repellent is an essential from spring to fall.
History
In 1863, George Lucy bought of land on the site of Diana's Baths. The Lucy family had built a sawmill in the middle of the cascading waterfalls. During the year 1890, the owner George Lucy began to notice that his property was attracting tourists. In response to this new flow of tourists he built a boarding house that was three stories tall. His business was not as successful as he thought it would be, because of the other major hotels in the surrounding area. In the 1930s the family moved from having a sawmill to having a concrete dam with turbines. The family abandoned the site when the invention of portable mills was introduced and they could now use it when they moved from timber harvest site to the next. Mrs. Hattie C. Lucy owned the property and operated a gift shop beside the falls through the 1940s with an ice house behind the store to cool the soda that was sold to tourists. Mrs. Lucy and her son David lived in the home through the late 1950s until she sold the house. Mr. DeSimone purchased the home and remaining land and eventually sold it to the government. This is when the land became National Forest land and the remaining buildings were torn down.
Location
Diana's Baths are located off West Side Road north of the turn to Cathedral Ledge outside of North Conway. The short and mild hike to the base of the waterfall is about from the head of the trail. Past Diana's Baths, the Moat Mountain Trail continues to the summit of North Moat Mountain.
Origin of name
According to Place Names of the White Mountains by Robert and Mary Julyan, the origin of the name comes from this:
"These curious circular stone cavities on Lucy Brook originally were known as the Home of the Water Fairies; tradition says evil water sprites inhabited the ledges, tormenting the Sokokis Indians until a mountain god answered the Indians' prayers and swept the sprites away in a flood. But sometime before 1859 a Miss Hubbard of Boston, a guest at the old Mount Washington House in North Conway, rechristened them Diana's Baths, presumably to evoke images of the Roman nature goddess. The pools are also called Lucy's Baths."
The name was official when the government purchased the land in the 1960s and made it part of the White Mountain National Forest.
Role of the Forest Service
In 2005, the U.S. Forest Service conducted an environmental assessment to determine the effect humans have on this preserved land. The impact on the ecosystem was a large amount of waste and human excrement in the area surrounding Lucy Brook. Forest rangers decided to add toilets and trash receptacles to combat these problems, and since then, little to no adverse effect on the environment has been detected.
References
Waterfalls of New Hampshire
Landforms of Carroll County, New Hampshire
The blue-fronted redstart (Phoenicurus frontalis) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae, the Old World flycatchers. It breeds in central China and the Himalayas (where it winters in the southern foothills, as well as in Yunnan, Northeast India and northern Southeast Asia). Its natural habitat is temperate forests. The female is brownish-grey, with paler underparts.
Gallery
References
blue-fronted redstart
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Tibet
Birds of Central China
blue-fronted redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Greifenstein Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Filisur of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is included on the register of the Swiss Inventory of Cultural Property of National and Regional Significance.
History
The castle was built on a rocky outcropping above the village probably in the 12th century as the home of the Greifenstein family. They were probably related to the Wildenberg-Sagogn and Frauenberg in Ruschein families. The first mention of them was in 1233 as Grifenstein when Rudolf von Greifenstein was ordered by the Pope to go on a crusade as penance for murdering Bishop Berthold von Helfenstein. In 1237, he finally left to join the Crusades. In 1243, his relatives Heinrich and Albert were listed as witnesses in a legal proceeding as Hainricus et Albertus de Grifinstain.
By the late 13th century the family disappears from the record and in 1300 the Wildenberg family owns the castle and surrounding lands. Whether the Greifensteins died out or if the Wildenbergs married into the family or were a branch of the family is unclear. In 1320 Count Hugo III von Werdenberg-Heiligenberg / von Wildenberg and his wife Anna von Wildenberg mortgaged the castle and lands to the Bishop of Chur for 1150 Marks. However, three years later, in 1323 the Wildenbergs defeated the Bishop's army near Greifenstein, but by 1339 the Freiherr von Marmels ruled over the herrschaft for the Bishop. In 1360 the Freiherr von Wildenberg-Sagogn sold it to the Freiherr von Matsch.
By 1392 the von Matsch family were robber knights who used the castle as a base for raids against the Bishop's estates. In 1394 Bishop Hartmann II successfully sent an army to drive out the robbers and take control of the castle. He appointed a vogt to administer the castle and lands for him, but was forced to mortgage it to the Marmels family in 1411. The Matsch family began raiding and sued the Bishop to return the castle to them. In 1421 Duke Ernst of Austria negotiated a compromise where by the Bishop kept both Greifenstein and Tschanüff Castles but had to pay the Matsch family 2,500 Marks.
In 1468 Greifenstein, along with several others of the Bishop's castles, were attacked and occupied by the League of God's House. The castles were returned to the Bishop following intervention by the city of Zurich. In 1537 Filisur bought the rights to rule themselves from the Bishop and the castle lost its importance. It was abandoned and rapidly fell into ruin. In 1550 it was mentioned as being mostly destroyed. However, the roof remained in good repair until about 1840. When the roof finally collapsed, part of the castle was broken up for stone for the new school house in Filisur.
Castle site
The castle consists of three separate parts built on terraces at differing elevations. The lower gate was built in a rocky gap at the foot of the outcropping. The entrance and parts of the surrounding wall are still visible. The lower castle once stood west of the lower gate. However, no traces remain of the wall that protected it on the valley side.
The middle castle occupies a triangular terrace north and above the lower castle. A gate guarded the narrow southern end of the triangle. Today the only trace of this gate is channel carved in the rock that probably allowed the gate to be barred. Much of the massive curtain wall that surrounded the middle castle is still standing on the north and western sides of the terrace. The vestibule and a small altar from the castle chapel are still visible along the north wall. Additionally, the middle castle cistern and rock channels that carried water to it are near the chapel.
A narrow pathway, carved into the rock, leads from the middle castle to the upper castle, a vertical climb of about . The upper castle was an uneven hexagon tower of about . Today, only the foundation of this wall remains.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Bergün Filisur
Hodgson's redstart (Phoenicurus hodgsoni) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Myanmar, and Nepal.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
It is a winter visitor in the Himalayas.
References
Hodgson's redstart
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of China
Birds of Tibet
Birds of Yunnan
Hodgson's redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Raffles Place MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South Line (NSL) and East West Line (EWL) in Singapore. Located in the Downtown Core, the station is underneath Raffles Place, the centre of Singapore's financial district, south of the Singapore River. The station serves various landmarks including Merlion Park and the Asian Civilisations Museum and various commercial buildings such as One Raffles Place and OCBC Centre.
Initially named Central MRT station, the station was part of the early plans for the original MRT network since 1982. Construction of the tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations required the draining of the Singapore River. The station opened on 12 December 1987 with the MRT extension to Outram Park station. Cross-platform transfers between the NSL and EWL began on 28 October 1989, ahead of the opening of the MRT eastern line extension to Tanah Merah station on 4 November which split the MRT network into two lines.
The station has ten entrances, with three of them adopting colonial-style facades. Three artworks are displayed at the station: two murals by Lim Sew Yong and Thang Kiang How depict scenes of Singapore's history, while Aw Tee Hong's sculpture takes inspiration from Chinese junks.
History
The station, then named Central, was included in the early plans of the MRT network in May 1982. It was renamed to Raffles Place in November that year as the business district it serves would be called Raffles Place. It was to be constructed as part of the Phase I MRT segment from the Novena to Outram Park stations; this segment was planned to be completed by December 1987. This segment was given priority as it passes through areas that had a higher demand for public transport, such as the densely populated housing estates of Toa Payoh and Ang Mo Kio and the Central Area. The line aimed to relieve the traffic congestion on the Thomson–Sembawang road corridor.
Train services commenced on 12 December 1987 when the line's extension to Outram Park station was completed. The station was part of a route that ran continuously from Yishun station in the north to Lakeside station in the west. From 28 October 1989, it began to serve the North South line (NSL) as well as the East West line (EWL) when MRT operations were split. In September 2000, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) installed lifts to allow barrier-free access to the station.
Station construction
The contract for the construction of the station was awarded to a joint venture comprising Taisei Corporation, Shimizu and Marubeni at S$70.723 million (US$ million in ) in May 1984. Construction of the station began on 28 May 1984. The station was built right in the city centre. With a short construction schedule, the various stages of construction had to be overlapped. This required coordination between various subcontractors while overcoming space constraints at the site. The buildings of the Standard Chartered Bank and the Indian Overseas Bank had to be demolished as well as an underground carpark. During the diversion of utilities at the site, the contractors used the utilities departments' records to determine the location of utilities; they were found to be inaccurate and outdated during surveying.
The soil conditions at the site consisted of silty clay in between sandstone with boulders of varying sizes. With the high-rise buildings in the area, it was difficult to determine suitable locations for the installation of temporary ground support systems (including the piles and working deck). About 450 piles were installed in pre-bored holes that supported the station's temporary work deck covering 40% of the site. The piles were installed via rock augers that penetrated into boulders, supplemented by using a "down-the-hole" (DTH) percussion machine.
Before the piles were installed, grout was injected via a central tube in the rock auger to stabilise the soil. Due to the instability of the rock auger when drilling into the boulders, the size of the drilling holes had to be minimised as much as possible. The DTH machine pre-bored the holes before allowing the augers to drill into the ground; this slowed down drilling rates. As the DTH machine was intended to drill in only hard ground, the machine becomes bogged in wet weather due to the machine's inability to discharge the drill cuttings (mud slurry). An air lift and a tremie pipe at the bottom of the drilling hole were used to remove the mud slurry. During the station's excavation, the boulders had to be broken apart, through treatment with a cracking agent, hydraulic rock splitters or giant breakers. Some boulders were removed via explosives; this had to be used with caution due to the surrounding buildings. While the boulders were hard, they were brittle and easily broken.
In conjunction with the station's opening, private developers constructed newer buildings that re-established Raffles Place area as a financial hub. The presence of the MRT station near these buildings also created additional convenience for corporations and banks operating in the area.
Construction of tunnels
The contract for the construction of four tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations was awarded to a joint venture between Kajima Corporation and Keppel Shipyard in October 1983 at S$35.65 million (US$ million in ). Another contract for the construction of tunnels between the Maxwell (now Tanjong Pagar) and Raffles Place stations was awarded to a joint Japanese consortium including Taisei, Shimizu and Marubeni in December that year. The S$63.388 million (US$ million in ) contract included the construction of the adjacent Maxwell station.
The tunnel route between Raffles Place and Maxwell stations goes along Robinson Road. Cement grouting was used to strengthen the soil along the road. This is to ensure the buildings above ground were unaffected by the works underneath. Ground treatment of the soil began on 28 May 1984 and completed by April the following year.
The construction of tunnels between the City Hall and Raffles Place stations required the draining of the Singapore River. The contractor used the cut-and-cover construction method since the tunnels, which cross over one another, would pass through a shallow part of the river. The tunnel boring machine was launched from Empress Place, which is just by the river bank. Due to the acidity of the Singapore River, a layer of concrete was added to the concrete frame around the tunnels, with a waterproofing additive for the base slab concrete. The concrete frame was designed to prevent any corrosion or floatation of the tunnels.
Due to requirements from the Ministry of Environment that the work site does not occupy more than 40% of the river width, the work proceeded in three stages. The cofferdam in the first stage occupied about of the river width from the riverbank at the Immigration Building site. However, this restriction led to a limited work area. The piles installation was hindered by the boulders in the river, which had to be drilled through. The works were close to the historical monuments of the Immigration Building and the Cavenagh Bridge. These two sites had to be closely monitored for any ground movement. Monitoring instruments such as inclinometers and levelling pins were used for any structural movement.
There were concerns that the Cavenagh Bridge would not be able to absorb any significant strains with the settlement of the bridge's anchor blocks. Saddles, joined by prestressing cables, were placed on either side of the bridge to unload and loosen the links and bridge wedges. However, these wedges could not be loosened. Instead, other temporary supports were placed to relieve any stress on the bridge. After finding some cracks on the entrance façade of the Immigration Building, the contractors underpinned the columns at the entrance.
The first stage of the construction was completed in May 1985, with a delay of seven months. To speed up the construction, the Environment Ministry agreed to lift restrictions on the work area. The rest of the construction was completed in one stage, taking up the remaining of the river width. The subsequent stage also used fewer piles with the mixed use of cut slopes. Installation of the 2nd stage cofferdam began in May and works were completed within 12 months.
Station details
Raffles Place station is one of two stations which are paired cross-platform interchanges between the NSL and EWL. From the north, the station is after City Hall station. To the south, both lines diverge from this station, with the NSL going towards Marina Bay station while the EWL goes towards Tanjong Pagar station. The official station code is NS26/EW14. It is within walking distance to the Downtown and Telok Ayer stations on the Downtown Line.
Like the adjacent City Hall station, it has two platform levels to facilitate its role as an interchange between the NSL and EWL. Before the MRT eastern extension to Tanah Merah station and the Marina Bay southern extension on 4 November 1989, through services operated from the Yishun to Lakeside stations. A few days before the opening, on 28 October, transfer drills were launched for commuters to familiarise themselves with transferring between the two services: with passengers from Yishun having to alight at either Raffles Place or City Hall to continue their journey to Lakeside or vice versa. In addition to advertisement campaigns and guides about the transfers, Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) staff were deployed at the platforms to help commuters.
With an additional shopping floor, the station has a total of four basement levels. The station has ten entrances. Three of the entrances' facades are inspired by various colonial-style buildings that once existed in the area, such as the John Little department store building and the old Mercantile Bank. These entrances serve various landmarks and commercial developments in the area including Raffles Place Park, Merlion Park, Asian Civilisations Museum, Telok Ayer Market, The Fullerton Hotel, One Raffles Place, Prudential Tower, OCBC Centre and Raffles Quay.
Two murals by Lim Sew Yong and Thang Kiang How are displayed at the station, as part of the MRTC's S$2 million (US$ million in ) commission of artworks at six MRT stations along the NSL. These murals on vitreous enamel panels depicts scenes of Singapore's history. Another brass sculpture Struggle for Survival by Aw Tee Hong is displayed outside the station. The sculpture takes inspiration from the Chinese junks and the perahu, linked to people's livelihoods of Singapore's past. The artist felt the ships best reflected Singapore's pioneering spirit through the hardship the early immigrants faced and decided to incorporate the shapes into the work.
Notes and references
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
External links
1987 establishments in Singapore
Raffles Place
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Railway stations opened in 1987
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Shane William Archbold (born 2 February 1989) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Career
Born in Timaru, Archbold competed in the men's omnium at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and won the gold medal in the men's scratch race at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, along with bronze in the men's team pursuit.
He was named in the start list for the 2016 Tour de France. During the 2016 Tour de France Shane crashed early on in the 17th stage and broke his pelvis but he struggled on to finish the stage. However, he was forced to withdraw from the race four days from the finish. In October 2017 it was announced that Archbold would join for the 2018 season.
In August 2018, he was without a professional road team because Aqua Blue Sport folded. He decided to team up with Aaron Gate to return to track cycling and participated in Six Day London and Six Day Melbourne of 2018–19 Six Day Series with the eye of entering madison event in 2020 Tokyo Olympics. In August 2019, he was named in the startlist for the 2019 Vuelta a España.
Major results
2005
1st Time trial, National Novice Road Championships
2006
2nd Team pursuit, UCI Junior Track World Championships
2007
National Junior Track Championships
1st Individual pursuit
1st Points race
Australian Youth Olympic Festival
1st Points race
3rd Individual pursuit
1st Stage 4 Tour du Pays de Vaud
2008
1st Stage 4 Tour de Vineyards
2011
1st Stage 4 Mi-Août en Bretagne
2nd Omnium, UCI Track World Championships
10th Overall Rás Tailteann
2013
1st Six Days of Fiorenzuola (with Dylan Kennett)
1st Stage 2 Rás Tailteann
2014
Commonwealth Games
1st Scratch
3rd Team pursuit
2nd Omnium, Fenioux Piste International
9th Rutland–Melton CiCLE Classic
2015
2nd Classica Corsica
3rd Grand Prix d'Isbergues
5th Omloop van het Houtland
8th Rund um Köln
2017
7th Coppa Bernocchi
2018
6th Road race, Commonwealth Games
7th Grand Prix de Denain
2019
1st Stage 2 Czech Cycling Tour
2020
1st Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Okolo Slovenska
2021
9th Grote Prijs Marcel Kint
2022
National Road Championships
1st Criterium
8th Road race
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
New Zealand male cyclists
New Zealand track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of New Zealand
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Cyclists at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in cycling
People from Timaru
20th-century New Zealand people
21st-century New Zealand people
Kozhevnikovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2002.
Geography
Kozhevnikovskaya is located 11 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shebengsky Pogost is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Vesquneqan (, also Romanized as Vesqūneqān; also known as Vasqūneqād and Vesqūneqāq) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 226, in 88 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Muhammad Nur Syaiful bin Zulkafli (born 19 February 1995) is a Malaysian Paralympic swimmer. He represented Malaysia at the 2020 Summer Paralympics held in Tokyo, Japan. In 2019, he competed at the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships held in London, United Kingdom and won bronze medal in the 50m Freestyle S5 event. In 2022, he competed at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships held in Madeira, Portugal and won bronze medal in the 50m Freestyle S5 event.
Gaming
Nur Syaiful is a frequent player of Quake III Arena and has been playing the game competitively since its release. He is infamous in the Quake III community for bringing Ziploc bags full of fried eggs to competitive LAN tournaments. Players who attended these tournaments have stated Nur Syaiful had offered them eggs on multiple occasions. He is alleged to have eaten these eggs without the use of a spoon, handling them with his bare hands. Nur Syaiful has responded to these allegations by claiming his egg consumption was just him fueling his body, and that he only eats fried eggs. Nur Syaiful stated, "I don't get it. I eat my eggs to live my life. They replenish my body and leave me feeling absolutely amazing. How on earth could anybody object to this?"
References
External links
People from Sarawak
1995 births
Living people
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Malaysian male swimmers
Paralympic swimmers of Malaysia
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
S5-classified Paralympic swimmers
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M3}}
The muscarinic acetylcholine receptor, also known as cholinergic/acetylcholine receptor M3, or the muscarinic 3, is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor encoded by the human gene CHRM3.
The M3 muscarinic receptors are located at many places in the body, e.g., smooth muscles, the endocrine glands, the exocrine glands, lungs, pancreas and the brain. In the CNS, they induce emesis. Muscarinic M3 receptors are expressed in regions of the brain that regulate insulin homeostasis, such as the hypothalamus and dorsal vagal complex of the brainstem. These receptors are highly expressed on pancreatic beta cells and are critical regulators of glucose homoestasis by modulating insulin secretion. In general, they cause smooth muscle contraction and increased glandular secretions.
They are unresponsive to PTX and CTX.
Mechanism
Like the M1 muscarinic receptor, M3 receptors are coupled to G proteins of class Gq, which upregulate phospholipase C and, therefore, inositol trisphosphate and intracellular calcium as a signalling pathway. The calcium function in vertebrates also involves activation of protein kinase C and its effects.
Effects
Smooth muscle
Because the M3 receptor is Gq-coupled and mediates an increase in intracellular calcium, it typically causes constriction of smooth muscle, such as that observed during bronchoconstriction. However, with respect to vasculature, activation of M3 on vascular endothelial cells causes increased synthesis of nitric oxide, which diffuses to adjacent vascular smooth muscle cells and causes their relaxation and vasodilation, thereby explaining the paradoxical effect of parasympathomimetics on vascular tone and bronchiolar tone. Indeed, direct stimulation of vascular smooth muscle M3 mediates vasoconstriction in pathologies wherein the vascular endothelium is disrupted.
Diabetes
The muscarinic M3 receptor regulates insulin secretion from the pancreas and are an important target for understanding the mechanisms of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Some antipsychotic drugs that are prescribed to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder (such as olanzapine and clozapine) have a high risk of diabetes side-effects. These drugs potently bind to and block the muscarinic M3 receptor, which causes insulin dysregulation that may precede diabetes.
Other
The M3 receptors are also located in many glands, both endocrine and exocrine glands, and help to stimulate secretion in salivary glands and other glands of the body.
Other effects are:
increased secretions from stomach
eye accommodation
Agonists
No highly selective M3 agonists are yet available as of 2018, but a number of non-selective muscarinic agonists are active at M3.
acetylcholine
bethanechol
carbachol
L-689,660 (mixed M1/M3 agonist)
oxotremorine
pilocarpine (in eye)
muscarine
Antagonists
atropine
tramadol
hyoscyamine
aclidinium bromide
4-DAMP (1,1-Dimethyl-4-diphenylacetoxypiperidinium iodide, CAS# 1952-15-4)
darifenacin
DAU-5884 (8-Methyl-8-azabicyclo-3-endo[1.2.3]oct-3-yl-1,4-dihydro-2-oxo-3(2H)-quinazolinecarboxylic acid ester, CAS# 131780-47-7)
HL-031,120 ((3R,2'R)-enantiomer of EA-3167)
ipratropium
J-104,129 ((aR)-a-Cyclopentyl-a-hydroxy-N-[1-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-4-piperidinyl]benzeneacetamide, CAS# 244277-89-2)
oxybutynin
procyclidine
tiotropium
tolterodine
zamifenacin ((3R)-1-[2-(1-,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)ethyl]-3-(diphenylmethoxy)piperidine, CAS# 127308-98-9)
solifenacin
Interactions
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M3 has been shown to pre-couple with Gq proteins. The polybasic c-tail of the receptor is necessary for the pre-coupling. It has also been shown to interact with Arf6 and ARF1.
See also
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor
References
Further reading
External links
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors
Mark Fotheringham is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Yarraville and Williamstown football clubs in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) in the 1970s and 1980s.
A full-forward originally from Aberfeldie in the Essendon District Football League (EDFL), Fotheringham played some reserves grade football in the Victorian Football League for in 1975, but never progressed to its senior team. He consequently returned to Aberfeldie, and played there until 1977.
In 1978, at age 21, Fotheringham signed to play for the Yarraville Football Club, then playing in the VFA's second division. He was an immediate success at the club, and in his first season became the first Yarraville forward to kick 100 goals in a season, and was the Division 2 leading goalkicker, with 105 goals. The following year, he kicked 129 goals to be the leading goalkicker in the home-and-away season, but finished second overall after the finals. He played two more years with Yarraville, finishing with a total of 357 goals for the club, and was club captain in 1981.
In 1982, Fotheringham left the ailing Yarraville club and sought a move to a Division 1 club; after attracting interest from all three western suburban Division 1 clubs (Coburg, Werribee and Williamstown), he joined Williamstown. He was the Division 1 leading goalkicker in back-to-back seasons in 1983 and 1984, kicking 108 goals and 114 goals respectively, and was two goals short of the title in 1985 with 106 goals. He served as club captain in 1983, and he won his only career VFA premiership with Williamstown in 1986. He retired at age thirty after suffering a serious knee injury late in the 1987 season.
As of 2019, Fotheringham's career total of 928 goals places him fourth on the VFA/VFL's all-time goalkicking list. He averaged 5.3 goals per game throughout his career, and scored more than 100 goals in a season five times. He was named at full forward in the Williamstown Team of the Century, and was an inaugural inductee into the club's Hall of Fame in 2014.
After leaving Williamstown, Fotheringham served as coach of the Keilor Football Club in the EDFL. From 1992 until 1993, Fotheringham served as general manager of the Williamstown Football Club.
References
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Yarraville Football Club players
Williamstown Football Club players
Aberfeldie Football Club players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Konduga is a community in Borno State, Nigeria and the center of a Local Government Area of the same name about 25 km to the southeast of Maiduguri, situated on the north bank of the Ngadda River. The population of the Konduga Local Government Area is about 13,400.
It is one of the sixteen LGAs that constitute the Borno Emirate, a traditional state located in Borno State, Nigeria. The primary languages are Shuwa Arabic, Kanuri Maffa and Wandala / Malgwa.
It is the birthplace of Senator Kaka Mallam Yale.
History
By 6300 BP, pottery began to appear in Konduga. Occurring in the era of Mega Lake Chad, the pottery was decorated in the custom of Saharan ceramics.
As of 2006, most inhabitants were illiterate and engaged in subsistence farming, with earnings below US$20 per annum. Most people did not have access to potable water or electricity, and the roads are not passable in the rainy season.
Maternal mortality is high. A 2003 study identified the main obstacles to accessing the hospital for emergency obstetric care as lack of money and transportation difficulties.
Soil fertility in the area is declining.
Boko Haram
On 5 January 2015, "Troops of the 7 Division of the Nigerian Army ... clashed with suspected members of the Boko Haram sect at Mainari village in Konduga Local Government of Borno State." The community has been the target of recruiting raids by Boko Haram. BH's activities in Konduga include a mass shooting in 2013, massacres in January and February 2014, battles in 2014 and 2015, as well as suicide bombings in 2018 and 2019.
References
Local Government Areas of Nigeria
Towns in Borno State
The Kazan Ansat is a Russian light, multipurpose helicopter manufactured by Kazan Helicopters.
History
Kazan Helicopters in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia has been one of the main Russian manufacturers of helicopters of the Mikhail Mil bureau design. In the 1990s management realized that there would be a need for light helicopters in Russia, as the fleet of standard Mi-2s was getting older, and the design itself became obsolete. The Mi-2 was the lightest helicopter in large-scale use in the former USSR, despite being larger than most light Western helicopters. At first Kazan Helicopters wanted to develop a helicopter based on the AS 350 Ecureuil in cooperation with Eurocopter, but it failed. As a result, in 1993 Kazan Helicopters organized its own design bureau in order to create a new helicopter (the bureau was officially certified by the Russian authorities in January 1997, designer Valery Dvoeglazov). The helicopter was named Ansat (meaning "light", "simple" or "easy" in the Tatar language).
In 1998 the first prototype for ground static tests was completed. The second prototype (no. 02, then 902) first flew on August 17, 1999, but the first official flight was made on October 6, 1999. It was powered by two Pratt & Whitney Canada PW206 engines. Another prototype, with a longer and slimmer fuselage, and powered by two PW207K engines, flew on December 27, 2001 (no. 03, then 904). From 2002 it was undergoing the certification process. The third prototype introduced clamshell doors for the cabin opening upwards and downwards, instead of the sliding ones. It was offered as the Ansat-U military trainer variant with dual controls.
In September 2001, the Ansat-U won a contest for a trainer helicopter for the Russian Air Force. By 2010 four were in service with the Russian Air Force's Syzran Military Pilot Flying Training School. A further 20 are planned, to be powered by Ukrainian Motor Sich MS-500V engines replacing the Pratt & Whitney engines of the first four Ansats. New light multi-purpose civilian helicopter "ANSAT" with hydromechanical control system of JSC "Kazan Helicopter Plant" has received type certification of Aviation Register of the Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC) on 28 August 2013. Type Certificate of IAC AR, allowing (freight) helicopters to begin commercial operation, was obtained in August 2013. In December 2014, IAC AR issued the approval of the main changes (addition to the type certificate), allowing for the transportation of the passengers on the commercial market. The emergence of medical options was the final step in creating a unified helicopter, certified for transport and medical works, transportation of people. Earlier, versions of these helicopters were used by the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Emergency Situations, Ministry of Internal Affairs, FSB and other state structures of Russia.
A VIP version of the Ansat helicopter was certified on 31 December 2015 and with a cabin in the style of
the Aurus luxury cars brand in early February 2020. The helicopter is equipped with hydromechanical control system and its passenger cabin can accommodate up to seven energy-absorbing passenger seats. There is also a ventilation and air conditioning system. According to General Director at Kazan Helicopter Plant Vadim Ligai, work is underway to modernize the helicopter's fuel system and install additional 200 kg fuel tanks in order to increase its flight range.
On 28 October 2016, Russian Helicopters has presented a civilian version of the Ansat helicopter.
In 2017–2018, the helicopter has been certified for operation under extremely cold and high temperatures from minus 45°С to plus 50°С, during a series of ground and flight testing. In January 2019, on the basis of trials conducted at Mount Elbrus in 2018, the Federal Air Transport Agency certified the increase in take-off/landing altitude of the Ansat from previous 1,000 m to 3,500 m and approved the helicopter for high-altitude operations. Ansat helicopter optional Emergency Floatation System certified in March 2020. Since May 2020, a specially-adapted medical version is used to transport patients with the novel coronavirus in Russia. In December 2020, the first flight of the modernized Ansat-M took place. The installations of a winch with a lifting capacity of up to 272 kg and an external sling for carrying oversized cargo and extinguishing fires were certified in April 2021 and the installation of an external fuel tank increasing range by 140 km in December 2021.
Procurement
The Russian Defence Ministry placed an order for eight Ansat-U military helicopters in 2009–2010, becoming the initial launch customer of the variant. On 1 March 2011, it ordered another 32 Ansat-U helicopters. Under a third contract signed on 5 June 2017, ten more Ansat-U helicopters were ordered. Russian Air Force received the last batch of Ansat-U helicopters on 20 December 2017. All Ansat helicopters of the Russian Air Force are operated by the Syzran Higher Military Aviation School, a branch of the Zhukovsky – Gagarin Air Force Academy.←
On 22 May 2015, during the VIII International Helicopter Industry Exhibition HeliRussia 2015, Russian Helicopters has concluded two contracts for supply of five modernized light passengers Ansat helicopters. Three of these helicopters will be delivered to the Tatarstan airline Tulpar Helicopters and two to the Vector Aviation company.
On 27 December 2016, Russian Helicopters and State Transport Leasing Company (GTLK) agreed on supply of six Ansat helicopters equipped with medical modules. GTLK has ordered additional 31 medical helicopters, including 12 Ansat on 6 December 2017. The deliveries of the later were completed in 2018. These helicopters are operated by the Russian Helicopter Systems company as emergency medical service transports.
During the 2018 Hydroaviasalon exhibition, subsidiaries of Rostec State Corporation — Russian Helicopters, National Service of Medical Aviation and Avia Capital Services LLC — signed a contract to supply 104 Ansat and 46 Mi-8AMT medically equipped helicopters.
Russian Helicopters and Chinese Association for Disaster & Emergency Rescue Medicine (CADERM) inked a contract for supply of 20 Ansat helicopters at the Airshow China 2018 exhibition. The helicopter was certified in China in early 2020.
On 16 May 2019, within the XII International Helicopter Industry Exhibition HeliRussia 2019, Russian Helicopters and Polar Airlines signed a contract for supply of seven Ansat helicopters.
On 20 January 2020, Eritrea has ordered two Ansat-U military helicopters with deliveries scheduled for 2020.
The Interior Ministry of the Serbian Republic in Bosnia and Herzegovina ordered 3 Ansat helicopters for its Police force in early 2020 with deliveries planned for 2020-22.
Design
The Ansat is of a classic construction. It takes a pilot and 10 passengers (one of them sits next to the pilot). The fuselage has a pair of doors in pilot's cab, and a pair of upwards and downwards opening side doors in transport compartment. After the seats have been removed, it can take 1000 kg of cargo inside. On external hook, it can take 1300 kg of load. It is powered with two PW207K turboshaft engines, which produce 630 shp each. It features a four-blade main rotor and two-blade tail rotor.
Variants
Ansat Basic version, 2 prototypes built.
Ansat-M Modernised Ansat with reduced empty weight and increased fuel. Series production planned from 2022.
Ansat-NT Proposed further modified next-generation version, powered by two VK-800V or Klimov VK-650V turboshaft engines and with new four- or five-bladed main rotor.
Ansat-O Flying laboratory for testing of avionic equipment for naval helicopters.
Ansat-U Special military-training version with three-wheel chassis and double-winged cargo doors.
Ansat-UM Military medevac for 4 stretchers.
Ansat-1K Version certified only for cargo transport.
Ansat-1M Version with hydro-mechanical control system KSU-A instead of the fly-by-wire control system.
Derivatives
Kazan Ansat-2RC Derived from the civilian version and equipped with a 12.7mm (0.5 inch) machine gun above the front skid support, as well as four hardpoints spread across two stub wings. The company has already displayed the helicopter carrying a mixture of rocket launcher tubes, bombs and anti-aircraft missiles.
Operators
Eritrean Air Force
Craft Avia Center
Chinese Association for Disaster & Emergency Rescue Medicine
Special Anti-Terrorist Unit
Russian Aerospace Forces
Ministry of Emergency Situations
Tulpar Helicopters
Vector Aviation
Russian Helicopter Systems
Polar Airlines
Rostec State Corporation
Russian Helicopters
National Service of Medical Aviation
Avia Capital Services LLC
Turkmenistan Airlines
Specifications
See also
References
Bibliography
Broadbent, Mark. "Rotary Focus: Ansat for emergency services". Air International, July 2020, Vol. 99, No. 1. p. 16. .
Butowski, Piotr. "Russian Review: New designations for Ansat". Air International, July 2020, Vol. 99, No. 1. p. 30. .
Jackson, Paul. Jane's All The World's Aircraft 2003–2004. Coulsdon, UK: Jane's Information Group, 2003. .
Mladenov, Alexander. "Re-engined Ansat for Russia". Air International, November 2010, Vol 79 No 5. p. 26. .
Mladenov, Alexander. "Ansat". Air International, February 2016, Vol 90, No. 2. pp. 78–82.
1990s Soviet and Russian helicopters
1990s Soviet and Russian civil utility aircraft
1990s Soviet and Russian military trainer aircraft
1990s Soviet and Russian military utility aircraft
Ansat
Twin-turbine helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 1999
Eretmocera malelanensis is a moth of the family Scythrididae. It was described by Bengt Å. Bengtsson in 2014. It is found in South Africa (Limpopo).
References
malelanensis
Moths described in 2014
Moths of Africa
Aviation Consultants Inc. operating as ACI Jet is a privately owned global aviation services company based in San Luis Obispo, California, founded in 1998 by CEO William Borgsmiller.
History
ACI Jet was founded in 1998 as an air charter company with a single light aircraft, the twin-engine Piper Seneca III. In 2002, ACI Jet added their first light jet to the fleet, a Cessna Citation CJ2 and has since grown to a multi-base fleet operator with 11 private jet aircraft.
In August 2014, private investor French billionaire Olivier Leclercq invested an undisclosed sum in ACI Jet, providing staff and operations expansion. According to CEO William Borgsmiller, "Olivier provides ACI with the same depth and access to capital as many large and publicly traded companies." Leclercq's funds contribute directly to ACI Jet's Employee Flight Department, a service that allows employees to access the fleet's light aircraft.
In September 2017, ACI Jet completed remodeling their newest facility at John Wayne Airport in Santa Ana, California (SNA), which they acquired through an RFQ award. Their San Luis Obispo headquarters at the San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport is in the process of a $17M expansion, expected to be completed in early 2019.
In February 2018, Leclercq purchased three new aircraft for the fleet: two Bombardier Globals and an Embraer Phenom 300, with focus on additional international travel.
ACI Jet is planning the completion of a new facility in March 2020, that will provide the company with additional 30,000 sq. ft. of MRO hangar space and will also provide 36,00 sq. ft. of office space that will be used for the expansion of the business' flight-operations services business.
References
1998 establishments in California
Companies based in San Luis Obispo County, California
Serga may refer to:
Serga, Estonia, a village in Setomaa Parish, southeastern Estonia
Serga (Murmansk Oblast), a river in Murmansk Oblast, Russia
Serga (Sverdlovsk Oblast), river in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia
The Volvo Group (; legally Aktiebolaget Volvo, shortened to AB Volvo, stylized as VOLVO) is a Swedish multinational manufacturing corporation headquartered in Gothenburg. While its core activity is the production, distribution and sale of trucks, buses and construction equipment, Volvo also supplies marine and industrial drive systems and financial services. In 2016, it was the world's second-largest manufacturer of heavy-duty trucks.
Automobile manufacturer Volvo Cars, also based in Gothenburg, was part of AB Volvo until 1999, when it was sold to the Ford Motor Company. Since 2010 Volvo Cars has been owned by the automotive company Geely Holding Group. Both AB Volvo and Volvo Cars share the Volvo logo and cooperate in running the Volvo Museum in Sweden.
The corporation was first listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange in 1935, and was on the NASDAQ indices from 1985 to 2007.
Volvo was established in 1915 as a subsidiary of SKF, a ball bearing manufacturer; however both the Volvo Group and Volvo Cars regard the rollout of the company's first car series, the Volvo ÖV 4, on 14 April 1927, as their beginning.
History
Early years and international expansion
The brand name Volvo was originally registered as a trademark in May 1911 with the intention to be used for a new series of SKF ball bearings. It means "I roll" in Latin, conjugated from "volvere". The idea was short-lived, and SKF decided to simply use its initials as the trademark for all its bearing products.
In 1924, Assar Gabrielsson, an SKF sales manager, and Gustav Larson, a KTH educated engineer, decided to start construction of a Swedish car. They intended to build cars that could withstand the rigors of the country's rough roads and cold temperatures.
AB Volvo began activities on 10 August 1926. After one year of preparations involving the production of ten prototypes, the firm was ready to commence the car-manufacturing business within the SKF group. The Volvo Group itself considers it started in 1927, when the first car, a Volvo ÖV 4, rolled off the production line at the factory in Hisingen, Gothenburg. Only 280 cars were built that year. The first truck, the "Series 1", debuted in January 1928, as an immediate success and attracted attention outside the country. In 1930, Volvo sold 639 cars, and the export of trucks to Europe started soon after; the cars did not become well known outside Sweden until after World War II. AB Volvo was introduced at the Stockholm Stock Exchange in 1935 and SKF then decided to sell its shares in the company. By 1942, Volvo acquired the Swedish precision engineering company Svenska Flygmotor (later renamed as Volvo Aero).
Pentaverken, which had manufactured engines for Volvo, was acquired in 1935, providing a secure supply of engines and entry into the marine engine market.
The first bus, named B1, was launched in 1934, and aircraft engines were added to the growing range of products at the beginning of the 1940s. Volvo was also responsible for producing the Stridsvagn m/42. In 1963, Volvo opened the Volvo Halifax Assembly plant, the first assembly plant in the company's history outside of Sweden in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
In 1950, Volvo acquired the Swedish construction and agricultural equipment manufacturer Bolinder-Munktell. Bolinder-Munktell was renamed as Volvo BM in 1973. In 1979, Volvo BM's agricultural equipment business was sold to Valmet. Later, through restructuring and acquisitions, the remaining construction equipment business became Volvo Construction Equipment.
Partnerships and merging attempts
In 1977, Volvo tried to combine operations with rival Swedish automotive group Saab-Scania, but the latter company rejected it. In the 1970s, French manufacturer Renault and Volvo started to collaborate. In 1978, Volvo Car Corporation was spun off as a separate company within the Volvo group and Renault acquired a minority stake, before selling it back in the 1980s after a restructuring. In the 1990s, Renault and Volvo deepened their collaboration and both companies partnered in purchasing, research and development and quality control while increasing their cross-ownership. Renault would assist Volvo with entry-level and medium segment vehicles and in return Volvo would share technology with Renault in upper segments. In 1993, a 1994 Volvo-Renault merger deal was announced. The deal was barely accepted in France, but it was opposed in Sweden, and the Volvo shareholders and company board voted against it. The alliance was officially dissolved in February 1994 and Volvo sold off its minority Renault stake in 1997.
In 1991, the Volvo Group participated in a joint venture with Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors at the former DAF plant in Born, Netherlands. The operation, branded NedCar, began producing the first generation Mitsubishi Carisma alongside the Volvo S40/V40 in 1996. During the 1990s, Volvo also partnered with the American manufacturer General Motors. In 1999, the European Union blocked a merger with Scania AB.
Refocusing on heavy vehicles
In January 1999, Volvo Group sold Volvo Car Corporation to Ford Motor Company for $6.45 billion. The division was placed within Ford's Premier Automotive Group alongside Jaguar, Land Rover and Aston Martin. Volvo engineering resources and components would be used in various Ford, Land Rover and Aston Martin products, with the second generation Land Rover Freelander designed on the same platform as the second generation Volvo S80. The Volvo T5 petrol engine was used in the Ford Focus ST and RS performance models, and Volvo's satellite navigation system was used on certain Aston Martin Vanquish, DB9 and V8 Vantage models. In November 1999, Volvo Group purchased a 5% stake in Mitsubishi Motors, as part of a partnership deal for the truck and bus business. In 2001, after DaimlerChrysler bought a large Mitsubishi Motors stake, Volvo sold its shares to the former.
Renault Véhicules Industriels (which included Mack Trucks, but not Renault's stake in Irisbus) was sold to Volvo during January 2001, and Volvo renamed it Renault Trucks in 2002. Renault became AB Volvo's biggest shareholder with a 19.9% stake (in shares and voting rights) as part of the deal. Renault increased its shareholding to 21.7% by 2010.
AB Volvo acquired 13% of the shares in the Japanese truck manufacturer Nissan Diesel (later renamed UD Trucks) from Nissan (part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance) during 2006, becoming a major shareholder. Volvo Group took complete ownership of Nissan Diesel in 2007 to extend its presence in the Asian Pacific market.
Renault sold 14.9% of their stake in AB Volvo in October 2010 (comprising 14.9% of the share capital and 3.8% of the voting rights) for €3.02 billion. This share sale left Renault with around 17.5% of Volvo's voting rights. Renault sold their remaining shares in December 2012 (comprising 6.5% of the share capital and 17.2% of the voting rights at the time of transaction) for €1.6 billion, leaving Swedish industrial investment group Aktiebolaget Industrivärden as the largest shareholder, with 6.2% of the share capital and 18.7% of the voting rights. That same year, Volvo sold Volvo Aero to the British company GKN. In 2017 Volvo Cars owner Geely became the largest Volvo shareholder by number of shares after acquiring an 8.2% stake, displacing Industrivärden. Industrivärden kept more voting rights than Geely (Geely getting a 15.8%).
In December 2013, Volvo sold its Volvo Construction Equipment Rents division to Platinum Equity. In 2014, Volvo's Volvo Construction Equipment acquired the haul truck manufacturing division of Terex Corporation, which included five truck models and a manufacturing facility in Motherwell, Scotland. In November 2016, Volvo announced its intention of divesting its Government Sales division, made up mainly of Renault Trucks' Renault Trucks Defense but also of Panhard, ACMAT, Mack Defense in the United States, and Volvo Defense. The project for selling the division was later abandoned and, in May 2018, Volvo reorganized Renault Trucks Defense and renamed it Arquus.
In December 2018, Volvo announced it intended to sell a 75.1% controlling stake of its car telematics subsidiary WirelessCar to Volkswagen with the aim of focusing on telematics for commercial vehicles. The sale was completed in March 2019.
In December 2019, Volvo and Isuzu announced their intention of forming a strategic alliance on commercial vehicles. As part of the agreement, Volvo would sell UD Trucks to Isuzu. The "final agreements" for the alliance were signed in October 2020, with UD Trucks sale pending on regulatory clearances. The sale was completed in April 2021.
In April 2020, Volvo and Daimler announced that the former planned to acquire half of Daimler's fuel cell business, forming a joint venture between the two companies.
In April 2021, Volvo announced that it had signed up a new partnership with steel manufacturer SSAB to develop fossil fuel-free steel for future use in Volvo's vehicles. The partnership comes is derived from SSAB's own green steel venture, HYBRIT.
Business
Volvo Group's operations include:
Volvo Trucks (midsize-duty trucks for regional transportation and heavy-duty trucks for long-distance transportation, as well as heavy-duty trucks for the construction work segment)
Mack Trucks (light-duty trucks for close distribution and heavy-duty trucks for long-distance transportation)
Renault Trucks (heavy-duty trucks for regional transportations and heavy-duty trucks for the construction work segment)
Dongfeng Commercial Vehicles (45%) (trucks)
VE Commercial Vehicles Limited Ltd., India (VECV), a joint venture between Volvo Group and Eicher Motors Limited in which Volvo holds 45.6% (trucks and buses)
Volvo Construction Equipment (construction equipment)
SDLG (70%) (construction equipment)
Volvo Group Venture Capital (corporate investment company)
Volvo Buses (complete buses and bus chassis for city traffic, line traffic and tourist traffic)
Volvo Financial Services (customer financing, inter-group banking, as real estate administration)
Volvo Penta (marine engine systems for leisure boats and commercial shipping, diesel engines and drive systems for industrial applications)
Arquus (military branch)
Trademark
Volvo Trademark Holding AB is equally owned by AB Volvo and Volvo Car Corporation.
The main activity of the company is to own, maintain, protect and preserve the Volvo trademarks (including Volvo, the Volvo device marks (grille slash & iron mark) Volvo Aero and Volvo Penta) on behalf of its owners and to license these rights to its owners. The day-to-day work is focused upon maintaining the global portfolio of trademark registrations and to extend sufficiently the scope of the registered protection for the Volvo trademarks.
The main business is also to act against unauthorised registration and use (including counterfeiting) of trademarks identical or similar to the Volvo trademarks on a global basis.
Collaboration with universities and colleges
Volvo has a strategic collaboration within research and recruitment with a number of selected colleges and universities such as Penn State University, INSA Lyon, EMLYON Business School, NC State University, Sophia University, Chalmers University of Technology, The Gothenburg School of Business, Economics and Law at the University of Gothenburg, Mälardalen University College, and the University of Skövde.
See also
Port of Gothenburg
Notes
References
External links
– for Volvo-branded companies.
Car manufacturers of Sweden
Truck manufacturers of Sweden
Marine engine manufacturers
Multinational companies headquartered in Sweden
Swedish companies established in 1927
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1927
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
Companies formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange
Companies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Swedish brands
Companies listed on Nasdaq Stockholm
Aerospace companies of Sweden
Car brands
Diesel engine manufacturers
Automotive transmission makers
Engine manufacturers of Sweden
Nepean River (Darug: Yandhai), is a major perennial river, located in the south-west and west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The Nepean River and its associated mouth, the Hawkesbury River, almost encircles the metropolitan region of Sydney.
The headwaters of the Nepean River rise near Robertson, about south of Sydney and about from the Tasman Sea. The river flows north in an unpopulated water catchment area into Nepean Reservoir, which supplies potable water for Sydney. North of the dam, the river forms the western edge of Sydney, flowing past the town of Camden and the city of Penrith, south of which flowing through the Nepean Gorge. Near Wallacia it is joined by the dammed Warragamba River; and north of Penrith, near Yarramundi, at its confluence with the Grose River, the Nepean becomes the Hawkesbury River.
Changes to the natural flow of the river
The river supplies water to Sydney's five million people as well as supplying agricultural production. This, combined with increased pressures from land use change for urban development, means the river has been suffering significant stress.
There are eleven weirs located on the Nepean River that significantly regulate its natural flow. The river has been segmented into a series of weir lakes rather than a freely flowing river and is also impacted by dams in the Upper Nepean catchment.
The Wallacia Weir was initially built as a wooden weir for the John Blaxland flour mill at Grove Farm. The first Australian fishsteps were built when the current concrete weir was built at the beginning of the Nepean Gorge, an anticendant entrenched meander caused by the slow uplift during the Blue Mountains orogeny carved down through the fifty-million-year-old Hawkesbury sandstone.
In the 1950s the building of the Warragamba Dam across the steep gorge of the Warragamba River, the Nepean's major tributary, intercepted the flow of the great bulk of its waters and diverted them to meet the needs of the growing Sydney metropolitan area, reducing the river to a shadow of its former self.
These dams and weirs have had a potent effect, blocking migratory native fish like Australian bass (also locally commonly known as perch) from much of their former habitat, and reducing floods and freshets needed for spawning. Nevertheless, the Hawkesbury/Nepean remains an important and popular wild bass fishery.
The luscious banks of the Nepean River provide a natural haven for local flora and fauna and a quiet location for local residents to relax. At Emu Plains, the western bank of the river provides a location for outdoor theatre productions on warm summer nights. The eastern bank at Penrith provides barbecue facilities and children's play equipment, as well as a wide pathway running for several kilometres for strolls along the riverbank. The eastern bank is also the home of the Nepean Rowing Club.
History
Pre-European history
Aboriginal people used the river regularly and their fish traps could be seen at Yarramundi before sand and gravel mining redirected the river. Charles Darwin also wrote of people at Emu Ford, commenting on their skill with spears, while Watkin Tench of the Royal Marines also noted their use of spears, lines and nets to capture fish. The people of the Nepean region also regularly traded with people of the western plains via a route that Bell followed when he laid down an alternate route over the mountains, now called Bells Line of Road.
Near Penrith, since 1971 numerous Aboriginal stone tools were found in Cranebrook Terraces gravel sediments deposited by the Nepean River 40,000 to 50,000 years ago, according to repeated, revised and corroborated radiocarbon and thermoluminescence dating. At first when these results were new they were controversial. More recently in 1987 and 2003 dating of the same sediments strata has revised and corroborated these dates. A great many more artefacts made by people have been found in the region dating back to within the last 5,000 years. Karskens et al. have made an attempt to recover, integrate and map archaeological data of the area from both published and unpublished reports.
European settlement
When the British colony was established at Sydney in 1788, the Governor, Captain Arthur Phillip, charted the coast 50 km north to the mouth of the Hawkesbury and around 32 km upstream till they were stopped by a waterfall, most likely at Hawkesbury Heights. Phillip named the river after Lord Hawkesbury, later titled Charles Jenkinson, 1st Earl of Liverpool, President of the Privy Council Standing Committee on Trade.
Meanwhile, Lieutenant Watkin Tench set off to walk inland, west of Sydney. About inland, at the foot of the Blue Mountains, he discovered a large river which he named Nepean after Evan Nepean, the Under Secretary of State at the Home Office and a close personal friend of Arthur Phillip. It took about three years to realise that the Nepean flowed into the Hawkesbury.
Nepean river was also one of the pivotal sites of the Hawkesbury and Nepean Wars, a series of civil wars between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the resisting Indigenous clans in the late 1700s and early 1800s.
During the 1820s, the Nepean district's most famous early settler, the landowner and physician Sir John Jamison (1776–1844), erected a Georgian mansion, called Regentville House, on the model estate which he had established on a rise overlooking the river, not far from the present-day city of Penrith. A fire devastated the house in the 1860s. Jamison is considered one of early Australia's most important political and agricultural pioneers.
Crossings
Despite forming the effective western and south-western boundary of the metropolitan region of Sydney for its entire length, there are very few fixed crossings of the Nepean River. Going upstream, these comprise:
Floods in the Nepean district
The first flood on record - apparently a small occurrence - was in 1795. Others followed in 1799, March & October 1806 and 1809. In 1810, after a series of major floods on the Hawkesbury, Governor Macquarie proclaimed the ‘Macquarie Towns' of Windsor, Richmond, Wilberforce, Castlereagh, and Pitt Town in an attempt to ensure that development was restricted to higher ground, free of flooding. The devastation caused by flooding in February, 1817 prompted Governor Macquarie to issue a notice exhorting settlers, in the strongest possible terms, to build their residences above the established flood levels.
More flooding occurred being recorded in 1857, 1860 (Feb & May).
The most devastating flood occurred in June 1867 with the Nepean River estimated to have reached in the river, and AHD. This flood carried away the approaches to the recently built Victoria Bridge. Emu Plains, Castlereagh, and the lower parts of Penrith were all under flood, causing immense loss of property. Many houses were carried into the river by landslides. Many residents were forced to take refuge in public buildings such as the Penrith Hospital and the public schools. A major flood such as that of 1867 would cause inundation of over 16,000 dwellings and damage costing approximately A$1.4 billion.
There have been other notable floods since, particularly that of July 1900 and March 1914. Again there was much flooding of streets and loss of houses and property along the river.
1974 was another significant La Niña flood event.
During the 2021 New South Wales floods, the Nepean River became overflowed, peaking at , with Windsor Bridge submerging in its waters, leading to inundated homes and isolated animals in the surrounds.
Mandaean ritual use
The Australian Mandaean community in the Sydney metropolitan area regularly performs masbuta (baptism) rituals in the Nepean River.
See also
List of rivers of Australia
Rivers of New South Wales
Upper Nepean Scheme
Geography of Sydney
References
External links
Hawkesbury-Nepean Catchment Management Authority website
Nepean River Subcatchment at the Hawkesbury-Nepean Catchment Management Authority website
Upper Nepean River Subcatchment at the Hawkesbury-Nepean Catchment Management Authority website
Guide to Sydney Rivers site
Hawkesbury River
Rivers of Sydney
Macarthur (New South Wales)
Southern Highlands (New South Wales)
Rivers of the Blue Mountains (New South Wales)
Hume Highway
Rivers in Mandaeism
Trident Force (also known as The Ultimate Solution) is a 1988 Filipino action film directed by Richard Smith and starring Anthony Alonzo, Nanna Anderson, Mark Gil, Steve Rogers, Eddie M. Gaerlan, Ronnie Patterson, Nick Nicholson, and Willy Schober. Produced by ANNA Films International, the film was released by Solar Films in the Philippines on December 16, 1988.
Critic Lav Diaz gave Trident Force a mixed review, deeming its competent filmmaking to be undermined by stereotypical villains and exaggerated characters.
Plot
The Trident Force, an international counter-terrorism organization, is called in to the Middle East to quell and defeat the Palestinian Revolutionary Legion by any means necessary.
Cast
Anthony Alonzo as Rashid
Nanna Anderson as Lesley Prentias
Mark Gil as Ahmed, Rashid's brother
Steve Rogers as Hawthorn
Eddie M. Gaerlan as Abu Hassad
Ronnie Patterson as Casey
Nick Nicholson as Ox
Willy Schober as Ibrahim Habash
Rafael Schulz as Trident Schulz
Tony Ogumsaya as Trident Robinson
Majid Jadali as Trident Majid
Randy Hrobar as Trident Harel
Jim Moss as Trident Parsons
Tony Lao as Trident Kimura
Gerald Tosco as Trident Dobouis
Carlos Terry as Trident Gomez
Mike Aguas as Trident Aguas
Salah Mahfoudi as Sultan of Qumarnesia
Paul Holmes as Israeli ambassador
Moshen Hassani as imam
Bahman Borzoo as ambassador to Jordan
Release
Trident Force was graded "C" by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB) in the Philippines, indicating a "Fair" quality. The film was released by Solar Films in Philippine theaters on December 16, 1988. In the United States, the film was released on VHS by Diamond Entertainment. In Japan, the film was released on VHS by Herald Videogram. In Ghana, the film was theatrically released in 1994.
Critical response
Lav Diaz, writing for the Manila Standard, gave Trident Force a mixed review, considering its storytelling to be "direct and competent" while deeming the exaggerated characterizations and stereotypically dumb villains to be "childish" and trivializing.
References
External links
1988 films
1988 action films
Films about Islam
Films about terrorism in Asia
Films set in the Middle East
Philippine action films
1980s English-language films
1885 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Princeton Tigers
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Blackburn Rovers 2–0 Queen's Park (Glasgow) at The Oval
20 July — the Football Association legitimises professionalism
Millwall FC founded by workers on the Isle of Dogs as Millwall Rovers.
Southampton FC founded as Southampton St Mary's by members of St Mary's Church YMCA.
Hungary
Újpest FC was founded in suburb of Budapest on June 16.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Renton 3–1 Vale of Leven at Hampden Park (replay following 0–0 draw)
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – Chicago NL ties St Louis A's, 3 games to 3 with one tie.
Events
The Cuban Giants, composed mainly of African-American players from Philadelphia, is the first black professional baseball team on a reasonably permanent basis. It will sometimes join a league and use a regular home park but more often tour independently.
Boxing
Events
29 August — John L. Sullivan's six round defeat of Dominick McCaffrey in Chester Park, Cincinnati, inaugurates the modern World heavyweight boxing championship under Queensberry Rules. The bout is described as being "to decide the Marquess of Queensberry glove contest for the championship of the world". Sullivan will hold the title until 1892.
World Middleweight Champion Jack (Nonpareil) Dempsey defeats 12 challengers during the year, most of them by knockouts.
Future World Heavyweight Champion James J. Corbett is the most successful amateur boxer on America's Pacific Coast and takes part in an exhibition bout with Dempsey.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
Cricket
Events
Nottinghamshire wins the county championship title for a third successive season
England
Champion County – Nottinghamshire
Most runs – Walter Read 1,880 @ 44.76 (HS 163)
Most wickets – George Lohmann 142 @ 14.36 (BB 8–18)
Australia
Most runs – Billy Barnes 520 @ 43.33 (HS 134)
Most wickets – Bobby Peel 35 @ 19.22 (BB 7–27)
Golf
Events
Inaugural British Amateur Championship held at Royal Liverpool Golf Club
Major tournaments
British Open – Bob Martin
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Allen MacFie
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Roquefort
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Farewell
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Paradox
The Derby – Melton
The Oaks – Lonely
St. Leger Stakes – Melton
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Sheet Anchor
Canada
Queen's Plate – Willie W.
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Billet Doux
Irish Derby Stakes – St. Kevin
USA
Kentucky Derby – Joe Cotton
Preakness Stakes – Tecumseh
Belmont Stakes – Tyrant
Ice hockey
Events
31 January — the Montreal Hockey Club defeats the McGill University 1–0 to win the 1885 Montreal Winter Carnival Ice Hockey Tournament
Rowing
The Boat Race
28 March — Oxford wins the 42nd Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 3rd series of the Home Nations Championship is not completed
Other events
Establishment of London Welsh RFC and Connacht Rugby
Speed skating
Norway
1885 speed skating race at Frognerkilen
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Herbert Lawford (GB) 7–5 6–2 4–6 7–5
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Maud Watson (GB) defeats Blanche Bingley (GB) 6–1 7–5
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats Godfrey M. Brinley (USA) 6–3 4–6 6–0 6–3
The 9th pre-open era Men's Tennis tour gets underway 54 tournaments are staged this year the tour runs from 2 April to 12 October 1885.
Yacht racing
America's Cup
The New York Yacht Club retains the America's Cup as Puritan defeats British challenger Genesta, of the Royal Yacht Squadron, 2 races to 0
References
Sports by year
In Greek and Roman mythology, Iphis or Iphys ( , ; Îphis , gen. Ἴφιδος Ī́phidos) was a child of Telethusa and Ligdus in Crete, born female and raised male, who was later transformed by the goddess Isis into a man.
Mythology
According to the Roman poet Ovid's Metamorphoses, there was a humbly-born, but well-respected, man named Ligdus who lived in Phaestus with his pregnant wife, Telethusa. Ligdus said he wished for two things: that his wife deliver the baby with as little pain as possible and that the child would be a boy. As the couple was poor, they could not afford a dowry if their unborn child was born a girl. Ligdus was forced to come to the conclusion that they must kill his wife's child if it wasn't a boy. The couple cried, but Ligdus' mind was made up. Telethusa despaired, but was visited in the middle of the night by the Egyptian goddess Isis. The goddess was attended by Anubis, Bubastis or Bastet, Apis, the god of silence (Harpocrates), Osiris, and the Egyptian serpent. Isis advised her to disobey her husband's orders and to keep the child, regardless if it was a girl, and guaranteed any needed future assistance to the woman. When Telethusa gave birth to a girl, she concealed her daughter's sex from her husband and raised her daughter as a boy. Ligdus named the daughter, who he believed was a son, Iphis after his own father (the child's grandfather). Telethusa was happy with her husband's name choice, as it was a gender-neutral name.
As Iphis reached the age of adolescence, Ligdus, still unaware of the truth, arranged for his "son" to marry the beautiful, fair-haired Ianthe, daughter of Telestes. Unaware of the truth and taking her suitor for a man like everyone else, Ianthe fell in love with Iphis, with whom she had been instructed alongside and shared the same teachers. Likewise, Iphis fell deeply in love with Ianthe. Iphis lamented and prayed to Juno for assistance, as she wished to marry Ianthe, but knew it would be impossible as she was actually a woman. Telethusa procrastinated the wedding of her daughter, Iphis, until she was unable to delay any longer. One day before the wedding, the deeply concerned and desperate Telethusa brought Iphis to the temple of Isis and prayed to the goddess to help her daughter. Isis was deeply moved and responded by transforming Iphis into a man. The male Iphis married Ianthe and the two lived happily ever after, their marriage being presided over by Juno, Venus, and Hymenaios, the god of marriage.
The story of Iphis is similar to that of Leucippus from Phaestus, Crete, and could be a variant thereof.
Interpretations
The story of Iphis and Ianthe is the only mythological account of female same-sex desire, not only in Ovid, but in all of Greek mythology. Whether Ovid disapproves of or is sympathetic toward female homoerotic desire has been a point of contention for scholars.
In popular culture
The 17th-century publisher Humphrey Moseley once claimed to possess a manuscript of a play based on the Iphis and Ianthe story, by William Shakespeare. Scholars have treated the claim with intense skepticism; the play has not survived.
Ali Smith's 2007 novel Girl Meets Boy is based on Ovid's story of Iphis and Ianthe, and is part of the Canongate Myth Series.
The Mechanisms' 2013 album Tales To Be Told features a song called "Iphis" based on the story of Iphis and Ianthe.
Liberty of London has fabric and leatherwork patterns named after both Iphis and Ianthe.
Note
References
Publius Ovidius Naso, Metamorphoses translated by Brookes More (1859-1942). Boston, Cornhill Publishing Co. 1922. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Publius Ovidius Naso, Metamorphoses. Hugo Magnus. Gotha (Germany). Friedr. Andr. Perthes. 1892. Latin text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Metamorphoses in Greek mythology
Metamorphoses characters
Cretan characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Roman mythology
Transgender topics and mythology
LGBT themes in Greek mythology
Fictional LGBT characters in literature
The 1933 NCAA Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at Kiputh Pool at Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut as part of the 10th annual NCAA swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of men's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
Only individual championships were officially contested during the first thirteen-NCAA sponsored swimming and diving championships. Unofficial team standings were kept but a team title was not officially awarded until 1937.
Northwestern are acknowledged as this year's unofficial team champions, the fourth such title for the Wildcats.
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Men's Swimming and Diving Championships
NCAA Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Swimming And Diving Championships
Stagmomantis limbata, common name bordered mantis, bosque mantis, Arizona mantis, or New Mexico praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to North America, most prevalent in the south-western United States. This beneficial insect is green or beige in color and grows up to around 3 inches long.
Behavior
Stagmomantis limbata are attracted to lights, and males often fly to lights in numbers, but females are unable to fly.
Description
S. limbata is one of the largest mantids native to North America, though it is much smaller than some African and Asian mantids such as species in the genera Sphodromantis and Hierodula. The facial plate (below and between antennae) is about twice as wide as it is long, typical of the genus, though the eyes are not as protruding as the Carolina Mantid's. Females are most often fairly plain green (often with a yellowish abdomen), but sometimes gray, or light brown, with dark spot in middle of the tegmina, which do not completely cover the wide abdomen. Hind wings may be checkered or striped yellow.
Males are slender, long-winged, and variable in color, but most often green and brown with the sides of the folded tegmina green and top brownish (may be solid gray, brown, green, or any combination of these). Abdomen without prominent dark spots on top. The wings are transparent, usually with cloudy brownish spots on outer half.
Habitat
Variable, often in open semi-arid areas in tall forbs, shrubs, or trees, but more abundant in lusher, often riparian and wooded areas of streamsides, roadsides, canyons, in towns, etc.
Range
Texas to Southern California, north into Colorado and Utah, south into Mexico.
Additional Images
See also
Arizona Mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantidae
Mantodea of North America
Insects described in 1835
Inaugurated on 12 July 1984, Sri Lanka Army Seva Vanitha Unit ( ) functions with the main objective of providing welfare facilities to the family and relatives of service personnel who died, went missing in action or were injured whilst serving in the army in addition to empowering the families of the serving army personnel. Traditionally the organisation functions under the leadership of the wife of the serving Commander of the Army, and the members are the spouses of army officers as well as female officers. The organisation extends to 22 regimental branches functioning under the patronage of the wives of the respective regimental commanders.
Projects
Sri Lanka Army Seva Vanitha Unit conducts various welfare projects such as Viru Kekulu pre-schools, daycare centres, welfare shops, bakeries and salons, with the committed contribution of the dedicated membership. Construction of houses, endowment of educational scholarships and assisting in times of natural disasters, are done at both organisational and regimental levels. The volunteer service extended by the spouses of the army officers whilst multitasking at their roles as wives, mothers and professionals, is an immense strength to Sri Lanka Army.
Branches
All 22 regiments of the Sri Lanka Army have a Seva Vanitha branch. Those branches led by the wives of respective regimental commanders. The society of the wives of respective regimental commanders also known as Regimental Ladies' Clubs.
List of Presidents
External links
Official web page
Official web page of Sri Lanka Army
References
Sri Lanka Army
Military units and formations established in 1984
Military of Sri Lanka
"Home Taping Is Killing Music" was the slogan of a 1980s anti-copyright infringement propaganda campaign by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), a British music industry trade group. With the rise in cassette recorder popularity, the BPI feared that the ability of private citizens to record music from the radio onto cassettes would cause a decline in record sales. The logo, consisting of a Jolly Roger formed from the silhouette of a compact cassette, also included the words "And It's Illegal". The campaign was officially launched by then-BPI chairman Chris Wright on 28 October 1981.
In the 2000s, the campaign experienced a revival, as the Norwegian branch of IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic Industry) launched a new campaign named Piracy Kills Music. The campaign has exactly the same message, same name and similar logos. The campaign won the Norwegian 2008 Gulltaggen award for "Best Internet Strategy" with much controversy.
An early proponent of home taping was Malcolm McLaren, who was at the time managing the British new wave band Bow Wow Wow. In 1980, the band released their cassette single "C·30 C·60 C·90 Go" on cassette that featured a blank B-side on which the buyer could record their own music. The band's record label, EMI, dropped the group shortly afterwards because the single allegedly promoted home taping.
Parodies
The slogan was often parodied, one example being the addendum and it's about time too!, used by Dutch anarcho-punk band The Ex. Some fanzines changed the words from Home taping is killing the music industry and added the words ...so be sure to do your part! below the logo. Another example was the early 1980s counter-slogan Home Taping is Skill in Music, referring to early mixtapes, a precursor to sampling and remixes. The cassette & crossbones image was displayed briefly as a backdrop in the "Time Out for Fun" video by the band Devo from their 1982 album, Oh, No! It's Devo. Venom's 1982 album Black Metal used the logo with the words Home Taping Is Killing Music; So Are Venom. The phrase Home-Taping Is Making Music appears on the back cover of Peter Principle's self-produced 1988 album Tone Poems. The American punk band Rocket from the Crypt sold T-shirts with the tape and bones and the words "Home Taping Is Killing the Music Industry: Killing Ain't Wrong." Sonic Youth has T-shirts with the cassette and "Sonic Youth" written under it. The cover of Billy Bragg's album Workers Playtime featured a notice reading "Capitalism is killing music – pay no more than £4.99 for this record". Mitch Benn also comments "Home taping isn't killing music, music's dying of natural causes" in the song "Steal This Song" on the album Radioface.
In Poland during the mid-1980s, some (PRONIT label) vinyl pressings of certain albums contained a parody stamp labeled "Home taping... is much fun".
One cassette version of the Dead Kennedys e.p. In God We Trust Inc. had a blank side, printed with the message "Home taping is killing record industry profits! We left this side blank so you can help."
During the 1980s, rock group The Beat sold blank cassette tapes as merchandise at their live shows. The band frequently encouraged fans and concert patrons to record their live performances instead of illegally copying their studio albums. The group's leader, Paul Collins, believed this practice would satisfy a need for instant gratification while preventing the sales of their albums from diminishing.
La Route du Rock biannual music festival in France uses the tape image as part of the event's logo.
More recently, the pro-p2p file sharing group Downhill Battle has used the slogan "Home Taping Is Killing the Music Industry, and It's Fun" on T-shirts, and the BitTorrent website The Pirate Bay uses the logo of a pirate ship whose sails bear the "tape and bones." Additionally the Pirate Party UK has a version of the tape and bones with the logo "copyright is killing music – and it's legal" and the Swedish Piratbyrån is using the same tape and bones as their logo.
Similar rhetoric has continued; in 1982 Jack Valenti famously compared the VCR and its anticipated effect on the movie industry to the Boston Strangler, and in 2005 Mitch Bainwol of the RIAA claimed that CD burning is hurting music sales.
In March 2010, TalkTalk, as part of its campaign against the UK Government's filesharing proposals, created a spoof video entitled "Home Taping is Killing Music". The song was written and performed by singer/songwriter Dan Bull and featured lookalikes of Madonna, George Michael and Adam Ant lip-synching to the song.
See also
Beware of illegal video cassettes
Criticism of copyright
Don't Copy That Floppy
Home Recording Rights Coalition
Internet freedom
Knock-off Nigel
Piracy is theft
Public information film (PIF)
Public service announcement
Radio ripping
Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Spin (public relations)
Steal This Film
The Pirate Bay
Who Makes Movies?
You can click, but you can't hide
You Wouldn't Steal a Car
References
External links
Home taping not killing music—Sydney Morning Herald
Guardian Unlimited Culture Vulture—Track Back
Political catchphrases
British music industry
British advertising slogans
Copyright campaigns
Copyright infringement
1980s in British music
1980s neologisms
The Dufuna canoe is a dugout canoe discovered in 1987 by a Fulani cattle herdsman a few kilometers from the village of Dufuna in the Fune Local Government Area, not far from the Komadugu Gana River, in Yobe State, Nigeria. Radiocarbon dating of a sample of charcoal found near the site dates the canoe at 8,500 to 8,000 years old, linking the site to Lake Chad. The canoe is long and is tall at it the largest point. It is currently located in Damaturu, Nigeria.
Background
The Dufuna canoe was found in the village of Dufuna, which is located between Potiskum and Gashua, in Yobe State. On 4 May 1987, Mallam Ya'u, a Fulani cow herdsman was digging a well and hit a hard object at 4.5 meters. He informed his village chief about the discovery.
In 1989 and 1990, the University of Maiduguri carried out an initial exploration of the site to ascertain whether it was a canoe as well take radiocarbon dating samples of the wood. Later, in a joint research project funded by the University of Frankfurt and Maiduguri by Professors Peter Breunig and Garba Abubakar, would return to the site and further wood samples were taken and dated by two German laboratories.
In 1994, an archaeology team from Germany and Nigeria excavated the site and the canoe was dug out over two weeks by fifty labourers and was found to be 8.4 meters in length, 0.5 meters wide and 5cm thick. The canoe was found in water logged state resting on a sandy bed while layers of clay lay between it and the surface which protected it in an oxygen free environment. Examination of the canoe showed that the bow and stern had been skilfully worked to points and that the work was carried out by "core axe-like and pick-axe bifacial tools of micro-lithic appearance". Professor Breunig said that the skill of construction showed a long development and that the canoe was not a new design. In another study by an American science team in 2015, they found that Lake Chad had shrunk by 95% in forty years and therefore it could be assumed that area of the village of Dufuna would have been part of the lake's flood plain in the distant past.
The canoe has been radiocarbon dated at least twice, and was dated to 6556-6388 BCE and to 6164-6005 BCE, making it the oldest known boat in Africa and the second oldest worldwide. It was probably created in a longstanding boat-making tradition and used in fishing along the Komadugu Gana River. It may have been constructed by members of a population group that occupied an area from western region of the Sahara, to the Nile of central Sudan, to the northern region of Kenya.
See also
Traditional fishing boats
List of the oldest ships
References
Canoes
History of Northern Nigeria
Water transport in Nigeria
1987 archaeological discoveries
Saintonge (), historically spelled Xaintonge and Xainctonge, is a region of France located on the west central Atlantic coast, corresponding with the former province of the same name. The largest city is Saintes (Xaintes, Xainctes). Other principal towns include Saint-Jean-d'Angély, Jonzac, Frontenay-Rohan-Rohan, Royan, Marennes, Pons, and Barbezieux-Saint-Hilaire.
In 1790, during the French Revolution, Saintonge became part of Charente-Inférieure, one of the 83 departments organized by the new government. This was renamed as Charente-Maritime in 1941, during World War II. The region is known for its Romanesque churches.
History
The region derives its name from the Santones, an ancient Gallic tribe that once inhabited the area. They were one of the numerous Celtic peoples in Europe before the rise of the Roman Empire.
During antiquity, Saintonge was part of the Roman province of Gallia Aquitania, and Saintes became its first capital. The region fell under the control of the kings and dukes of Aquitaine, the counts of Anjou, then the counts of Poitiers, before becoming integrated for centuries in the new Duchy of Aquitaine. Occupying the frontier between Capetian and Plantagenet-controlled areas during the late Middle Ages, between 1152 and 1451, it was the site of constant struggles between lords torn between their allegiance to Anglo-Aquitaine and those linked to Paris.
Saintonge was primarily attached to Anglo-Aquitaine until the mid-fourteenth century. However, errors by Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster and Edward, the Black Prince gradually contributed to weakening English power. In 1451 the province came under the control of the King of France, Charles VII, "the Victorious".
Saintonge was the birthplace of French explorer Jean Allefonsce (or Alfonse) in 1484, and of Samuel de Champlain in 1574. The latter man explored the New World and founded Quebec in North America (now Canada). The town was also one of the centers of French Huguenots, who formed a center of Protestant belief in Southwest France.
The distinctive Saintongeais dialect (patouê saintonjhouê, jhabrail) was once spoken throughout Saintonge, as well as in the provinces of Aunis and Angoumois.
The region is famous for its grapes, which are used to produce cognac and Pineau des Charentes.
Pottery
This area is famous for its medieval pottery, which was widely exported. Shards have been found in large quantities in medieval excavations throughout Ireland and other European countries, demonstrating the range of trading. These shards are from vessels made and exported as a by-product of the Bordeaux wine trade (Deroeux and Dufournier, 1991). This ware has been found on Irish excavations from the later 12th century, but it is most commonly uncovered in 13th-century contexts.
The pottery consists of an off-white micaceous fabric with moderate amounts of quartz and sparse inclusions of haematite. They are glazed on the external surface only, with a clear lead glaze. In Saintonge Green wares, the addition of copper filings, or copper oxide to the clear lead glaze, produced a mottled mid-green colouring. Many forms of Saintonge wares were produced, including Saintonge Polychrome, Saintonge Green, and, in some cases, unglazed wares. Slipped Saintonge is more consistent in colour and appearance than unslipped, having the benefit of an undercoating to regulate the process.
The most common forms of vessel produced in this ware were wine jugs. These were characteristically tall, with slightly ovoid bodies, flat bases, parrot-beak spouts and strap handles.
Saintonge was exported well through the 17th century. French colonists in Quebec and Acadians in Eastern Canada imported many Saintonge ceramics, including bowls, plates, mugs and other types. Many Saintonge ceramic fragments have been found in context with 17th-century French colonists. They are often used as evidence of French occupation of these areas prior to British dominance.
References
Derœux, D. & Dufournier, D. 1991. "Réflexions sur la diffusion de la céramique très decorée d'origine française en Europe du nord-ouest XIII-XIVe siècles", Archéologie médiévale 21, pp. 163–77.
French pottery
Geography of Charente
Geography of Charente-Maritime
Geography of Deux-Sèvres
Geography of Dordogne
History of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
History of Charente
History of Charente-Maritime
History of Deux-Sèvres
History of Dordogne
Santones
Geographical, historical and cultural regions of France
Guide to the Galaxy may refer to:
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, science fiction comedy series
Geek's Guide to the Galaxy, podcast focusing on fantasy & science fiction
Rhythm in the House is an album by pianist Hilton Ruiz with special guest Tito Puente recorded in 1998 and released on TropiJazz label, a subsidiary of the Latin music label, RMM.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine called it "a kinetic, entertaining record that proves Latin jazz is not a static form" stating "while not every song has a memorable melody, it's all infectious Latin dance music that proves Ruiz' versatility".
Track listing
All compositions by Hilton Ruiz.
"La Conga Libre' – 5:31
"Old Arrival" – 5:22
"I'll Be There for You" – 6:30
"Rhythm in the House" – 4:05
"Give Her All Your Love" – 4:10
"Soul Traveler" – 4:40
"Michael's Mambo" – 6:21
Personnel
Hilton Ruiz – piano
Tito Puente – timbales, vibraphone
Rubén Rodriguez – bass
Richie Flores – percussion
Other unidentified musicians
References
Hilton Ruiz albums
1998 albums
RMM Records albums
Do Gush (, also Romanized as Do Gūsh) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The 2022 O'Byrne Cup was a Gaelic football tournament played by eleven county teams of Leinster GAA in January 2022; Kilkenny did not take part. Longford were the holders.
A new rule limits the number of substitutions a team can make; players taken off cannot return, capping the number of changes at 11.
were the winners.
Competition Format
The eleven teams are drawn to play in two groups of four teams and one group of three teams.
Each team plays the other teams in their group once. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw.
The three group winners advance to the knockout stage, with one of the winners of a four-team group playing the winners of the three-team group in the semi-final, and the other four-team-group winners advancing directly to the final. Drawn games are decided by penalty shoot-out without any extra time being played.
Group stage
Games took place 8–15 January 2022.
Group A
Group B
received a walkover from . Because of this, score difference is not used to separate the teams; instead, Wicklow are automatically placed last, and and Meath are ranked by head-to-head result, which puts Laois first.
Group C
Carlow v. Westmeath was not played.
Knockout stage
References
External links
Official site
O'Byrne Cup
O'Byrne Cup
Tazılar is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Cătunele is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cătunele, Dealu Viilor, Lupoaia, Steic, Valea Mănăstirii and Valea Perilor.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
George Kasson Frazier (January 7, 1861 – February 5, 1913) was a 19th-century professional baseball executive. He was the owner and manager of the Syracuse Stars of the American Association, considered a major league, during the 1890 season. He managed the Stars to a record of 51–65. The team also went 4–7 in 11 games managed by Wallace Fessenden in mid-season. The Stars finished in seventh place, and folded at the conclusion of the season.
References
External links
George Frazier managerial career statistics at Retrosheet.org
1861 births
1913 deaths
Major League Baseball owners
Major League Baseball managers
Sportspeople from Syracuse, New York
Burials at Oakwood Cemetery (Syracuse, New York)
Syracuse Stars (baseball)
19th-century American businesspeople
Tethys Nunataks () is a minor group of about five snow-free nunataks, lying 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Stephenson Nunatak in the southeast corner of Alexander Island, Antarctica. Presumably first seen by Finn Ronne and Carl R. Eklund of the United States Antarctic Service who sledged through George VI Sound in 1940–41. Surveyed in 1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for association with nearby Saturn Glacier, Tethys being one of the satellites of the planet Saturn, the sixth planet of the Solar System.
See also
Astraea Nunatak
Figaro Nunatak
Hesperus Nunatak
Nunataks of Alexander Island
Sarnath (Hindustani pronunciation: [saːɾnaːtʰ]) is a place located northeast of Varanasi near the confluence of the Ganges and the Varuna rivers in Uttar Pradesh, India. The Deer Park in Sarnath is where Gautama Buddha first taught the Dharma, and where the Buddhist Sangha came into existence through the enlightenment of Kondanna ().
Singhpur, a village approximately away from the site, was the birthplace of Shreyansanath, the Eleventh Tirthankara of Jainism. A temple dedicated to him is an important pilgrimage site.
Also referred to as Isipatana, this city is mentioned by the Buddha as one of the four places of pilgrimage his devout followers should visit. It was also the site of the Buddha's Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta, which was his first sermon after attaining enlightenment, in which he explained the four noble truths and the teachings associated with them.
Origin of names
Sarnath has been variously known as Mrigadava, Migadāya, Rishipattana and Isipatana throughout its long history. Mrigadava means "deer-park". "Isipatana" is the name used in the Pali Canon, and means the place where holy men (Pali: isi, Sanskrit: rishi) landed.
The legend says that when the Buddha-to-be was born, some devas came down to announce it to 500 rishis.
Sarnath derives from the Sanskrit Sāranganātha, which means "Lord of the Deer", and relates to another old Buddhist story in which the Bodhisattva is a deer and offers his life to a king instead of the doe the latter is planning to kill. The king is so moved that he creates the park as a sanctuary for deer. The park is active in modern times.
History
Isipatana after the Buddha
Buddhism flourished in Sarnath because of kings and wealthy merchants based in Varanasi. By the third century, Sarnath had become an important centre for the arts, which reached its zenith during the Gupta period (4th to 6th centuries CE). In the 7th century by the time Xuanzang visited from China, he found 30 monasteries and 3000 monks living at Sarnath.
Sarnath became a major centre of the Sammatiya school of Buddhism, one of the early Buddhist schools. However, the presence of images of Heruka and Tara indicate that Vajrayana Buddhism was (at a later time) also practised here. Also, images of Brahminist gods as Shiva and Brahma were found at the site, and there is still a Jain temple (at Chandrapuri) located very close to the Dhamekh Stupa.
Kumaradevi, the Gahadvala queen, constructed the last structures at Sarnath. In 1193, her grandson, Jaichand of Kannauj was defeated by Qutb al-Din Aibak, a general of Muhammad Ghori. At the end of the 12th century, Sarnath was sacked by Turkish Muslims, and the site was subsequently plundered for building materials.
Destructions and demise in the 12th century
During the Gupta Empire, Brahmanical hostility towards Buddhism probably resulted in destructions at Sarnath, before Buddhists returned and flourished again in the city from the 5th century CE. After the 12th century CE, Buddhist constructions stopped and the city seems to have been abandonned by Buddhists, as in many other places in India. It is thought that the Gahadavalas built large Hindu temples in traditional Buddhist cities such as Sarnath, and converted Buddhist shrines into Brahmanical ones. Then Islamic invasions followed, especially under the Ghurid Empire general Qutb-ud-din Aibek in 1193, bringing massive plunder and destructions, "intended to acquire land and wealth". It is generally thought that the Sarnath Lion Capital of Ashoka was destroyed at that time.
Jainism
Sarnath is the birthplace of the 11th Tirthankara Shri Shreyansanatha Bhagwan. It is the place where 4 of the 5 kalyanak (auspicious life events) of Shri Shreyansanatha Bhagwan took place.
Shri Digambar Jain Shreyansnath Mandir, Singhpuri, Sarnath
It is the place of 4 kalyanak of Shri Shreyansnath Bhagwan. A huge ashtakod stoop (octagonal pillar), in height is still present showing its historical establishment. It is considered to be 2200 years old. The main deity of this temple is a blue-coloured idol of Shri Shreyansnath Bhagwan, in height, in Padmāsana.
Current features of Isipatana
The major excavated ruins are listed below, generally in north-to-south and west-to-east order.
Most of the ancient buildings and structures at Sarnath were damaged or destroyed by the Turks. However, amongst the ruins can be distinguished:
The Dharma Chakra Jina Vihar, constructed by Kumaradevi, a wife of Gahadavala Govindachandra (c. 1114–1155 CE). An inscription mentions the building of this massive vihara. It mentions that Govindachandra had protected Varanasi from the Turushkas. This was the last construction at Sarnath before it was devastated.
The Ashoka Pillar erected here, originally surmounted by the "Lion Capital of Ashoka" (presently on display at the Sarnath Museum), was broken during Turk invasions but the base still stands at the original location. The Lion Capital now symbolizes the modern state of India. The Lion Capital served as the base of a large 32-spoke stone dharma-chakra, which was found broken into many pieces. The seal of the Supreme court of India displays the Dharma Chakra as it must have originally appeared.
The ruins of the Mulagandhakuti vihara mark the place where the Buddha spent his first rainy season. This was the main temple marked by the presence of the Ashoka Pillar at the front. The famous Sarnath Buddha in dharmachakra pravartana mudra was found in the vicinity.
The Dharmarajika Stupa is one of the few pre-Ashokan stupas remaining, although only the foundations remain. The rest of the Dharmarajika Stupa was removed to Varanasi to be used as building materials in the 18th century. At that time, relics (bone fragments) in a casket, were found in the Dharmarajika Stupa. These relics were subsequently thrown in the Ganges river, but the casket is preserved.
The Dhamek Stupa; it is an impressive structure, high and in diameter.
The Chaukhandi Stupa commemorates the spot where the Buddha met his first disciples, dating back to the fifth century or earlier and later enhanced by the addition of an octagonal tower of Islamic origin. In recent years it is undergoing restoration.
Digambar Jain Mandir: while the current structure is from the 19th century, it occupies an ancient spot.
The modern Mulagandhakuti Vihara is a temple constructed in the 1930s by the Mahabodhi Society, with beautiful wall paintings with a replica of the famous Sarnath Buddha in dharmachakra pravartana mudra. Behind it is the Deer Park (where deer are still to be seen).
The Sarnath Archeological Museum houses the famous Ashokan lion capital, which miraculously survived its 45-foot drop to the ground (from the top of the Ashokan Pillar), and became the National Emblem of India and national symbol on the Indian flag. The museum also houses a famous and refined sculpture of the Buddha in Dharmachakra-posture.
There is also a Bodhi tree planted by Anagarika Dharmapala which has grown from a cutting of the Bodhi Tree at Bodh Gaya.
For Buddhists, Sarnath (or Isipatana) is one of four pilgrimage sites designated by Gautama Buddha, the other three being Kushinagar, Bodh Gaya, and Lumbini.
Modern-day pilgrimage
Sarnath has been developed as a place of pilgrimage, both for Buddhists from India and abroad. A number of countries in which Buddhism is a major (or the dominant) religion, such as Thailand, Japan, Tibet, Sri Lanka, and Myanmar, have established temples and monasteries in Sarnath in the style that is typical for the respective country. Thus, pilgrims and visitors have the opportunity to experience an overview of Buddhist architecture from various cultures. There is a 24-m-tall (80-foot) statue of Buddha constructed over 14 years (1997-2011) by joint Indo-Thai efforts. It is said to be inspired by the Buddhas of Bamiyan.
In English literature
The plate, based on a picture by Samuel Prout, on which Letitia Elizabeth Landon's poem Sarnat a Boodh Monument is based, shows its then run-down condition, and her words, comparing the religions of the world, pick up on the apparent weakness of Buddhism in the country of its origin at that time (1832).
Sarnath is one of the locations of Rudyard Kipling's Kim. Teshoo Lama stays at the Temple of the Tirthankhars in Sarnath when not on his pilgrimages. Kim meets him there after he leaves Saint Xavier's school.
Gallery
See also
Adi Badri (Haryana)
Pillars of Ashoka
Kanaganahalli and Sannati in North Karnataka
Notes
References
Rai Bahadur Daya Ram Sahni: Guide to the Buddhist Ruins of Sarnath with a Plan of Excavations and Five Photographic Plates. Archaeological Survey of India, Delhi 1922
Reprint: Antiquarian Book House, Delhi/Varanasi, 1982-1983
Satyarth Nayak: The Emperor's Riddles 2014
External links
Sarnath India Art Architecture Archcelogy History Culture Study Project
Sarnath Temple
Buddhist pilgrimage sites in India
Varanasi district
Gautama Buddha
Early Buddhism
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Hindu holy cities
Former populated places in India
Census towns in Varanasi district
Buddhist sites in Uttar Pradesh
2nd-century BC Jain temples
Jain temples in Uttar Pradesh
Primula 'Zebra Blue' is a cultivar of hybrid Primula, which was introduced in 2012. The cultivar was produced by plant breeder Stijn van Hoecke of the Belgian company Rudy Raes Bloemzaden nv.
Description
Primula 'Zebra Blue' is a compact perennial cultivar, which hosts a basal rosette of green leaves. Plants produce large blooms from late winter to late spring. Flowers possess white petals with striking blue veining and a yellow centre.
Pests and diseases
Primula 'Zebra Blue' can be susceptible to many pest species such as: aphids, weevils, slugs, snails, leaf miners and red spider mites. It can also be prone to diseases such as primula leaf spot, primula brown core and grey moulds.
References
Primula
Ornamental plant cultivars
This list of listed buildings in Brønderslev Municipality lists buildings in Brønderslev Municipality, Denmark.
The list
External links
Danish Agency of Culture Ref
Brønderslev
Two ships of the Royal Navy were named HMS Clacton
, an auxiliary minesweeper torpedoed and sunk in 1917
, a launched in 1941 and sunk in 1943
Royal Navy ship names
The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice (OXILP) was a law school based in Oxford, England, which specialised in teaching the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice, also known as the Legal Practice Course (LPC).
History
The Oxford Institute of Legal Practice was established by the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University in 1993 as an Oxford-based law school specialised in the delivery of the Legal Practice Course (LPC), which culminates in the award of the Postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice. OXILP diplomas were jointly awarded by the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University. Its students had access to the facilities of both universities and were alumni of both schools. It was based in King Charles House on Park End Street in central Oxford.
In 2000 OXILP was one of three LPC providers chosen by a group of eight City law firms to provide a new corporate-orientated LPC.
In 2008 the University of Oxford decided to exit the provision of the LPC and, effective 2008, OXILP became a part of the School of Social Sciences and Law of Oxford Brookes, and moved to Headington Hill Hall, a Grade II listed mansion dating back to 1771 owned by Oxford Brookes.
In March 2011 a former OXILP student who had failed its LPC course lost a bid for damages at the High Court for what she claimed had been "clearly negligent" tuition.
In March 2013 Oxford Brookes announced its intention to cease teaching the legal practice course at the end of the 2012/13 academic year, following a 50 per cent decline in applications over the prior five years. The University of Law subsequently agreed to take over the provision of Oxford Brookes' legal practice course.
References
Oxford Brookes University
Law schools in England
The Original Battle Trolls was a brand of action figures produced by Hasbro from 1992–1993. They were made in attempt to market the popular concept of troll dolls to young boys in the early 1990s.
Overview
Introduced in 1992 at $4.99 to $6.99, the trolls were marketed with the slogan “Big Haired Dudes with Bad Attitudes” and were actually quite large at approximately 4 3/4 inches tall (not including roughly 4 inches of hair). The line did not establish a story arc to provide a unifying narrative for the characters as a group. However each individual troll was provided a brief biographical profile (in parody of a G.I. Joe file card), and, details on their cardbacks as how to properly "neglect" them suggested that the owner hide them in "a dark, smelly place" and keep them "cranky, mean and ready to fight anything or anyone for years!". In association with their tough nature, many of them had facial stitches and their toes poking through their boots.
The line featured 26 individual characters, two of which were repaints available in special "vehicle sets". Each Troll featured a single cut joint at the waist and included two handheld accessories. All but four had an accessory designed to launch a projectile by flicking with the finger. The individual characters were styled on either generic action/adventure themes (a pirate, a ninja, two Vikings, a robot, a policeman, a knight, a punk rocker, and a Wild West outlaw); athletes (an American football player, an ice hockey player, a boxer, and a skateboarder); military servicemen (a general, a navy diver, and an air force pilot); monsters (a vampire, Frankenstein's monster, a werewolf, and two cyclopes); or outright spoofs of famous franchises (John Rambo, the Terminator cyborg, Superman, a Mad Max-style villain, and The Ultimate Warrior).
While initially successful, the Battle Trolls line failed to achieve the popular success that the 'original' troll toys enjoyed. Though much of the line consisted of references to classic fiction and popular culture, it was retired in 1993 after a third, much scarcer run with 8 final characters. A fourth series was planned, but never produced. The prototypes were displayed at the 1993 New York Toy Fair. This featured a line of six villains called the Evil Horde, including trolls styled after the Joker, Swamp Thing, an Alien, and one that looked like a hooded executioner. A promotional photo of the group can be viewed online.
Imitations of Battle Trolls were made by competing companies: "Troll Warriors" by Tyco, "Troll Fighter" by Simba, and "Troll Force" by Toys 'n Things.
Characters
Battle Trolls were introduced in three assortments.
Series 1 (1992)
Sgt. Troll - a John Rambo spoof
Trollaf - a Viking
Trollminator - a Terminator cyborg spoof
Troll-Clops - a mythical cyclops
Nunchuk Troll - a ninja
Cap'N Troll - a sea pirate
T.D. Troll - an American football player (T.D. stands for touchdown)
Count Trollula - a vampire/Count Dracula spoofs with a Batman-like costume
Special sets
Capture Net, with Bulls-Eye Troll (Troll-Clops repaint)
Trollasaurus, with SvenTroll (Trollaf repaint)
Series 2 (1992)
Sir Trollahad - a knight (the name is a pun of Galahad)
Roadhog Troll - a Mad Max villain spoof
Super Troll - a Superman spoof
Officer PaTroll - a police officer
General Troll - a military general
Trollbot - a purely mechanical robot
Punk Troll - a punk rocker
Franken Troll - a Frankenstein's monster
Series 3 (1993)
Jack CousTroll - a navy diver (the name is a pun of Jacques Cousteau)
Troll-timate Wrestler - a spoof of The Ultimate Warrior
Thrasher Troll - a thrash metal skateboarder
Quick Draw Troll - a Wild West outlaw cowboy
K.O. Troll - a boxer (K.O. stands for knockout)
Wolfman Troll - a werewolf
Slapshot Troll - an ice hockey player
Ace Troll - an air force pilot
External links
Battle Trolls, Series 3 TV Commercial
Tyco's Troll Warriors [5]
Toys 'n Things' Troll Force [6]
Simba's Troll Fighter [7]
References
1990s toys
Products introduced in 1992
Action figures
Dam dolls
Fictional trolls
Hasbro products
Parodies of advertising
Ray Erskine Parker Jr. (born May 1, 1954) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer. As a solo performer, he wrote and performed the theme song to the 1984 film Ghostbusters. Previously, Parker achieved a US top-10 hit in 1982 with "The Other Woman". He also performed with his band, Raydio, and with Barry White.
Early life
Parker was born in Detroit, Michigan, to Venolia Parker and Ray Parker Sr. He has two siblings: his brother Opelton and his sister Barbara. Parker attended Angel Elementary School where his music teacher, Afred T Kirby, inspired him to be a musician at age six playing the clarinet. Parker attended Cass Technical High School in the 10th grade.
Parker is a 1971 graduate of Detroit's Northwestern High School. He was raised in the Dexter-Grand Boulevard neighborhood on its West Side. Parker attended college at Lawrence Institute of Technology.
Music career
Early work
Parker gained recognition during the late 1960s as a member of Bohannon's house band at the 20 Grand nightclub. This Detroit hotspot often featured Tamla/Motown acts, one of which, the (Detroit) Spinners, was so impressed by the young guitarist's skills that they added him to their touring group. Through the Bohannon relationship, he recorded and co-wrote his first songs at age 16 with Marvin Gaye. Parker was also employed as a studio musician as a teenager for the emergent Holland-Dozier-Holland's Invictus/Hot Wax stable, and his "choppy" style was especially prominent on "Want Ads", a number one single for Honey Cone. Parker was later enlisted by Lamont Dozier to appear on his first two albums for ABC Records.
In 1972, Parker was a guest guitarist on Stevie Wonder's funk song "Maybe Your Baby", from Wonder's album Talking Book, an association which prompted a permanent move to Los Angeles. He also was the lead guitarist for Wonder when Wonder served as the opening act on the Rolling Stones' 1972 tour. In 1973, he became a sideman in Barry White's Love Unlimited Orchestra. Parker appeared briefly in the 1974 film Uptown Saturday Night as a guitar player in the church picnic scene.
Parker also wrote songs and did session work for the Carpenters, Bill Cosby, Rufus and Chaka Khan, the Supremes, Aretha Franklin, Deniece Williams, Bill Withers, Michael Henderson, Jean-Luc Ponty, Leon Haywood, the Temptations, Boz Scaggs, David Foster, Rhythm Heritage, Gladys Knight & the Pips, Herbie Hancock, Tina Turner, and Diana Ross.
Parker's first bona fide hit as a writer was "You Got the Love", co-written with Chaka Khan and recorded by Rufus. The single hit No. 1 on the R&B charts and No. 11 on the pop charts in December 1974. In 1976, he featured as rhythm guitarist on Lucio Battisti's album Io tu noi tutti, translated as "Me you and all of us".
1977–1981: Raydio
In 1977, Parker created the R&B group Raydio with Vincent Bonham, Jerry Knight, and Arnell Carmichael. Raydio scored their first big hit with "Jack and Jill", from their 1978 self-titled album with Arista Records. The song reached No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, earning a Gold single and Gold album in the process. Their follow-up hit, "You Can't Change That", was released in 1979 from the Rock On album. The song was another Top 10 hit, peaking at No. 9 on the Billboard chart during the summer and selling a million copies.
In 1980, the group became known as Ray Parker Jr. and Raydio. The group released two more albums: Two Places at the Same Time in 1980 and A Woman Needs Love in 1981, both Gold albums. In 1981, Parker produced the hard funk single "Sweat (Till You Get Wet)" by Brick. During the 1980s, Ray Parker Jr. and Raydio had two Top 40 hits: "Two Places at the Same Time" (No. 30 in 1980) and "That Old Song" (No. 21 in 1981). Their last and biggest hit, "A Woman Needs Love (Just Like You Do)", released in 1981, went to No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and to No. 1 on the R&B Chart for two weeks that year.
Solo years
Raydio broke up in 1981. Parker continued with his solo career, scoring eight Top 40 hits, including the hit single "The Other Woman" (Pop No. 4) in 1982 and "Ghostbusters" in 1984. "Ghostbusters" peaked at No. 1 for three weeks on Billboard'''s Hot 100 chart, and at No. 1 for two weeks on its Black Singles chart. The song was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1984, but lost to Stevie Wonder's "I Just Called to Say I Love You" from The Woman in Red. Parker's song secured him a 1984 Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. Other hits from this period included "I Still Can't Get Over Loving You" (Pop No. 12) and "Jamie" (Pop No. 14).
Parker also wrote and produced hits for New Edition ("Mr. Telephone Man"), Randy Hall, Cheryl Lynn ("Shake It Up Tonight"), Deniece Williams ("I Found Love"), and Diana Ross. He performed guitar on several songs on La Toya Jackson's 1980 debut album. In 1989, Run-D.M.C. performed a rap for the movie Ghostbusters II that contained elements of Parker's 1984 hit. 1989 also saw Parker work with actor Jack Wagner (General Hospital) on an album for MCA Records that was eventually shelved and never released. A single from the Wagner sessions, "Wish You Were Mine", featuring an intro rap by Parker, was released on a 1990 MCA promotional sampler CD.
In 2006, Parker released a new CD titled I'm Free. In 2014, he was invited by producer Gerry Gallagher to record with Latin rock musicians El Chicano, as well as Alphonse Mouzon, Brian Auger, Alex Ligertwood, Siedah Garrett, Walfredo Reyes Jr., Spencer Davis, Lenny Castro, Vikki Carr, Pete Escovedo, Peter Michael Escovedo, Jessy J, Marcos J. Reyes, Salvador Santana, and David Paich. In July 2016, Parker performed on the ABC network's television show The Greatest Hits.
Parker is also the founder and owner of the Los Angeles-based recording facility Ameraycan Recording Studios.
Ghostbusters theme song lawsuit
In 1984, Huey Lewis sued Columbia Pictures and Parker, stating that the melody to the Ghostbusters theme song infringed on the copyright of the Huey Lewis and the News song "I Want a New Drug", which had been released on their album Sports the previous year. The three parties reached a settlement in 1995 which forbade them from revealing any information that was not included in a press release they jointly issued at the time. In March 2001, Parker filed a suit against Lewis for breaching the part of the settlement which prohibited either side from speaking about it publicly.
Music videos
Parker was one of the first black artists to venture into the then-fledgling world of music videos. In 1978, Hollywood producer Thom Eubank produced several music videos of songs from Raydio's first, eponymous album on Arista Records. The single "Jack & Jill" was the first released to air on Wolfman Jack's Saturday night television show, The Midnight Special. The music videos were also transferred to film and projected in movie theaters all over Europe. He also made two different videos for his hit "The Other Woman". The first was Halloween-themed and centered around a haunted castle with dancing corpses and vampires. The second was more performance-oriented, with Parker performing the song against an outer space background with backup singers. Parker's "Ghostbusters" video, helmed by the film's director, Ivan Reitman, was one of the first movie-themed videos to find success on MTV.
Acting
In addition to Uptown Saturday Night, Parker also made acting appearances on the 1980s sitcom Gimme a Break, 1984 CBS Saturday morning kids' show Pryor's Place (for which Parker appeared in the opening title sequence singing the theme song), two episodes of Berrenger's (1985), Charlie Barnett's Terms of Enrollment (1986) (V) aka Terms of Enrollment (USA: short title), Disorderlies (1987), Enemy Territory (1987). He was also a production assistant for the film Fly by Night (1993). He made guest appearances on 21 Jump Street and Kids Incorporated. In early 2009, Parker appeared in a television advertisement for 118 118, a British directory enquiries provider. This featured Parker singing a 118-specific version of the Ghostbusters theme song.
On April 15, 2009, Parker's 118 theme song was made available as a downloadable ringtone from the 118 118 mobile websites. In 2014, Parker appeared in the fifth episode of the first season of NBC's romantic comedy television series A to Z, singing the "Ghostbusters" theme song for a Halloween party. Parker was highlighted on TV One's series Unsung, in the fifth season.
Discography For Ray Parker Jr.'s releases with Raydio, see Raydio discography.''
Solo studio albums
Compilation albums
Solo singles
References
External links
SoulTracks.com profile of Ray Parker Jr.
Ray Parker Jr. Live interview on Soul Patrol.net Radio August 2006
Ray Parker Jr 2012 Audio Interview at Soulinterviews.com
Ray Parker Jr. NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2015)
1954 births
Living people
20th-century American guitarists
African-American Christians
African-American guitarists
African-American male singers
African-American record producers
African-American songwriters
American bandleaders
American baritones
American funk guitarists
American male guitarists
American rhythm and blues guitarists
American session musicians
American soul guitarists
Grammy Award winners
Guitarists from Detroit
Northwestern High School (Michigan) alumni
Record producers from Michigan
Singers from Detroit
Songwriters from Michigan
The Funk Brothers members
The Love Unlimited Orchestra members
Isidro Díaz Bernabé (born 15 May 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Club career
Born in Valencia, Díaz spent his first years as a senior in Tercera División, with the exception of the 1992–93 season, which ended in relegation from Segunda División B with Real Zaragoza's reserves. In the summer of 1995, he was part of a group of players dubbed "The Three Amigos" – which also included his compatriots Roberto Martínez and Jesús Seba – who were brought to Wigan Athletic by club chairman Dave Whelan; he helped the team win the Third Division title two years later, with the player contributing six goals in 35 matches.
Unable to agree a new deal, Díaz left the club by mutual consent in July 1997 and signed for Wolverhampton Wanderers. He played one game for the latter, a 3–0 away defeat against Oxford United, before returning to Springfield Park later that year; his second spell with Wigan was not as successful, appearing just three times in the league before moving to Rochdale at the end of the season. Midway through 1998–99, he returned to his home country and joined FC Cartagena.
Díaz spent the following seven years in Portugal and its Segunda Liga, appearing and scoring regularly for both Leça FC (one season) and G.D. Chaves (six, where former Zaragoza and Wigan teammate Seba had already played). Aged 34, he returned to Spain and spent two years with Barakaldo CF in the third tier, after which he joined their coaching staff only to return to active shortly after for a brief spell with the reserve side.
Díaz finally retired from football at the age of 40, after playing one and a half seasons with CD Laredo in division four and one with Castro FC in the same league.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Valencia (city)
Association football midfielders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
CD Teruel footballers
Real Zaragoza B players
CF Balaguer footballers
FC Cartagena footballers
Barakaldo CF footballers
English Football League players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Leça F.C. players
G.D. Chaves players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Sulpicius Galba may refer to:
Galba, Roman emperor in 68–69
Gaius Sulpicius Galba (consul AD 22)
Publius Sulpicius Galba Maximus
Servius Sulpicius Galba (disambiguation)
See also
Sulpicia_gens#Sulpicii_Galbae
Shar Ink, (also known as Shar-Avia and Ball Inc. Ltd.), was a Russian charter cargo airline based in Moscow. In 2009, the company announced that it would be co-operating with a new airline called I-Fly. The airline ceased all operations in 2019.
Fleet
References
External links
Official Website (in Russian)
Defunct airlines of Russia
Airlines established in 1992
Airlines disestablished in 2019
Cargo airlines of Russia
Companies based in Moscow
Smith County (standard abbreviation: SM) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,570. Its county seat is Smith Center. The county is named in memory of Maj. J. Nelson Smith, who was part of the 2nd Colorado Cavalry, killed in action at the Battle of Westport on October 21, 1864.
The geographic center of the contiguous United States is located within the county, near Lebanon.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1872, Smith County was established. The first homestead in Smith County was in 1871 and there were 3,800 inhabitants by 1875. The county grew to 15,000 people by 1889. Corn was the main crop at first but drought and grasshopper plagues severely hurt the crops. When hardy Winter wheat was introduced to Kansas by Russian settlers, it eventually became the predominant crop in Smith County. The population of the county has slowly declined since 1900 due in large part because of advanced farming techniques that require less human labor.
Brewster Higley wrote the song "Home on the Range" in 1873 in a cabin 9 miles northwest of Smith Center. It later became the Kansas State song.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The county is divided into 25 townships, each of which is listed below in the subdivisions section of this article.
The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is located within the county, near the city of Lebanon. The geographic center of North America is located in neighboring Osborne County.
The Solomon River runs through the southern part of the county and provides a flat basin and water for irrigated crops.
Major highways
There are two major highways serving the county. The main east–west route is U.S. Highway 36, which travels through Athol, Kensington, and Smith Center. The main north–south route is U.S. Highway 281, which intersects US-36 in Smith Center. Kansas state highways K-8, K-9 and K-180 serve other areas of the county.
Adjacent counties
Webster County, Nebraska (northeast)
Jewell County (east)
Osborne County (south)
Rooks County (southwest)
Phillips County (west)
Franklin County, Nebraska (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,536 people, 1,953 households, and 1,322 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 2,326 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.79% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.04% Asian, 0.11% Pacific Islander, 0.22% from other races, and 0.49% from two or more races. 0.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,953 households, out of which 25.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.60% were married couples living together, 4.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.30% were non-families. 30.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.78.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.70% under the age of 18, 4.70% from 18 to 24, 22.10% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 27.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 92.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,486, and the median income for a family was $36,951. Males had a median income of $25,089 versus $18,608 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,983. About 8.80% of families and 10.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.80% of those under age 18 and 9.50% of those age 65 or over.
The population distribution by township is as follows according to the 2000 census: Banner 54; Beaver 60; Blaine 60; Cedar 619; Center 2,094; Cora 38; Crystal Plains 40; Dor 46; Garfield 33; German 34; Harlan 100; Harvey 130; Houston 206; Lane 134; Lincoln 73; Logan 47; Martin 24; Oak 399; Pawnee 35; Pleasant 34; Swan 42; Valley 75; Washington 63; Webster 47; White Rock 49.
Government
Presidential elections
Smith County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Smith County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940 the only Democrat to win forty percent of the county's vote has been Lyndon Johnson during his 1964 landslide, and the last to pass thirty percent was Michael Dukakis during the drought-affected 1988 election
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1992, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Thunder Ridge USD 110
Smith Center USD 237
Communities
Cities
Athol
Cedar
Gaylord
Kensington
Lebanon
Smith Center
Unincorporated communities
Bellaire
Claudell
Harlan
Townships
Smith County is divided into twenty-five townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Smith County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 82 pages; 1917.
Plat Book of Smith County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 48 pages; 1900.
External links
County
Smith County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Geographical Center of the Continental United States
Maps
Smith County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1872 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1872
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20, 21 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 40 athletes from 28 countries participated in the event.
References
400 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The black-headed antbird (Percnostola rufifrons) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Some authorities now regard the subspecies "minor" as a separate species with the English name Amazonas antbird.
It was described as a separate species by A. P. Capparella, Gary H. Rosenberg & Steven W. Cardiff in Ornithological Monographs 48, Studies in Neotropical Ornithology honoring Ted Parker, 1997, p. 165-170 but most authorities still maintain it as a sub-species of Black-headed Antbird P. rufifrons on the grounds that the voices and plumage are practically identical.
This putative species is found in Amazonian Brazil and adjacent areas of Venezuela, Colombia and Peru. It is found in humid forests and secondary woodland often on sandy soil.
References
Percnostola
Birds described in 1789
Taxa named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dan Parsons is an American comic book artist and illustrator. He is best known for his work on Star Wars and Game of Thrones.
Career
Dan Parsons started out in comics self-publishing his creator-owned series Harpy, which became part of the late-1990s indy comics “bad girl” movement. He wrote and penciled Harpy as an ongoing comic book series, and, with its increasing visibility, Parsons was hired to pencil and ink another popular “bad girl” series called Razor (London Night Studios). Parsons illustrated the story "Luna" for Avatar Press's Threshold #30, which was written by David Quinn (Faust). Parsons provided wash tones for Warren Ellis's Strange Kiss, as well as the sequel, Stranger Kisses. He also penciled, inked, and did cover work for the classic Battlestar Galactica comic book series (Millennium Press); All this while still working full time as a scientific researcher at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center.
Parsons went on to release another creator-owned series: Savage Planet, which he describes as a tribute to the EC Comics of the 1950s, honoring the work of Frank Frazetta and Al Williamson. It was at SDCC 2002, promoting the release of Savage Planet, that Parsons met Jan Duursema, the ongoing penciller of Star Wars. Recognizing Parsons' similarity of inking style with Williamson, (the original classic Star Wars cartoonist); Duursema recommended Parsons to the Star Wars team over at Dark Horse Comics. He was hired immediately, and worked at Dark Horse as the primary inker on a wide range of Star Wars titles, including Star Wars, Legacy, Dawn of the Jedi, Clone Wars, Republic, Rebel Heist and many more. He continued inking Star Wars comic book titles until the end of the Dark Horse era in 2014, (when the Disney Corporation purchased the Star Wars franchise). Parsons would win an Inkwell Award in 2010 and again in 2015, for his ink work on the Star Wars comics. Other inking credits include DC Comics Nightwing Convergence and other Dark Horse Comics titles: (Ghost, King Kong).
Parsons has also done some work for Hollywood. In 2011, he did a series of elaborate pencil drawings for the season one Blu-ray/DVD for HBO's Game of Thrones. His renditions of Aegon the Conqueror and other characters have become the definitive visual representations of George R.R. Martin's literary creations. More recently he illustrated an Avatar: the Last Airbender book for Nickelodeon/Insight Editions and a graphic novel adaptation of Ayn Rand's 1937 sci-fi classic, Anthem. In addition to these projects, Parsons worked on numerous trading cards for the Topps Company from 2002 to present. Parsons is currently penciling and wash-painting a new Sherlock Holmes five-issue miniseries (Brothers of Baker Street), and inking James Cameron's new six-issue Avatar miniseries (Tsu'tey's Path).
Awards
He is a double recipient (2010 and 2015) of the Inkwell Award for his work on Star Wars comics from Dark Horse Comics. In 2014, he received a Ghastly Award for excellence in horror comics. In September 2018, Parsons was named Inkwell Awards Special Ambassador.
References
Living people
American comics artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lubnice or Łubnice may refer to:
Lubnice (Znojmo District), Czech Republic
Lubnice, Berane Municipality, Montenegro
Łubnice, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland
Łubnice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland
Terence William Leighton MacDermot (September 13, 1896 – April 29, 1966) was a Canadian diplomat and academic.
Early Years
Born in Saint Andrew Parish, Colony of Jamaica to Henry Myles Fleetwood MacDermot and Mary Emily MacDermot (Langdon), MacDermot immigrated with family to Canada and grew up in Montreal, Quebec.
McGill and Service During World War I
He attended McGill University from 1913 to 1916 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1917 while serving in the 7th Canadian (McGill) Siege Battery during World War I. As member of the 7th Canadian Siege Battery he was involved in the Battle of Vimy Ridge under the 44th Heavy Artillery Group of the 1st Canadian Division of the Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Post War, Rhodes Scholar and Academic Career
A Rhodes scholar, he received his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degree in 1922 from New College, Oxford. From 1922 to 1923, he taught at Hotchkiss School in Connecticut. He returned to Montreal in 1923 where he taught at Lower Canada College and in McGill's history department. In 1929, he was appointed assistant professor. From 1925 to 1930, he was editor of the McGill News.
In 1934, he was appointed national secretary of the League of Nations Society in Canada. In 1935, he was appointed principal of Upper Canada College.
Service in World War II
During World War II, he served for the War Service Department, a Major in the Canadian Intelligence Corps and then as a Chief Army Examiner for the Military District 2 in Toronto. MacDermot would retire from active duty in 1945 as Lieutenant Colonel.
Diplomatic career
In 1944, he joined the Department of External Affairs and later served in various overseas posts:
Canadian High Commissioner to South Africa from 1950 to 1954
Canadian Ambassador to Greece and Israel from 1954 to 1957
Canadian High Commissioner to Australia from 1957 to 1961
Return to Academia
He taught political science at Bishop's University from 1961 to 1966.
He was given an honorary LL.D. degree from McGill in 1957.
Death
MacDermot died in Sherbrooke, Quebec on April 29, 1966, aged 69.
References
1896 births
1966 deaths
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Bishop's University faculty
Canadian Rhodes Scholars
McGill University alumni
McGill University faculty
Upper Canada College faculty
High Commissioners of Canada to South Africa
High Commissioners of Canada to Australia
Ambassadors of Canada to Israel
Ambassadors of Canada to Greece
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian military personnel of World War II
People from Montreal
Anglophone Quebec people
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
Colony of Jamaica people
Hohe Wurzel, at , is the second-highest peak in the Osburger Hochwald in the Hunsrück, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Mountains and hills of Rhineland-Palatinate
Thern Promontory () is a high, ice-covered promontory, 2,220 m, forming a westward projection at the south end of Eisenhower Range, about 7 nautical miles (13 km) west of Mount Nansen, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Michael G. Thern, station engineer at McMurdo Station with the 1965-66 summer party and the 1967 winter party.
Promontories of Antarctica
Landforms of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Be Brave Like Ukraine () or Bravery () is a communication campaign created during the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022. The campaign is designed to highlight the main feature of Ukrainians. It was developed by the creative agency Banda Agency together with the Office of the President of Ukraine, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy and the Ministry of Digital Transformation.
History
The campaign began on April 8, 2022. The first post on the Brave.ua Instagram page is a joint one with the President of Ukraine.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on Ukrainians to take part in the #BRAVEUKRAINE flashmob and present photos and videos that show the courage of the people.
The main mission of the project is to capture and spread the association that courage is a brand of Ukraine. Now it is important for Ukrainians not to lose the courage of the first weeks of the war, and the internal campaign is aimed at just that. The goal of the international campaign is to share courage with the world and create an image of a country where brave people, bold businesses and bold ideas live.
The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that Ukrainians have always been the bravest in the world. According to him, this is the brand of our people.
Dozens of Ukrainian brands and companies joined the project. Meanwhile, billboards Be brave Like Ukraine can already be seen on the streets of Canada, Poland, Germany, Italy, Austria, the United Kingdom, Spain, the United States and other countries. The billboards and signs with the words Be Brave Like Ukraine were placed in the most crowded places - in the central squares, near metro stations and at public transport stops. For example, in the United States, Ukrainian advertising appeared in Times Square in New York.
See also
Ukraine NOW
United24
Embrace Ukraine. Strengthen the Union
Come Back Alive
People's Bayraktar
Saint Javellin
References
Advertising slogans
National symbols of Ukraine
Reactions to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Volodymyr Zelenskyy
Kozakov or Kozákov, or Kozakova may refer to
Mikhail Kozakov (1934–2011), Soviet-Israeli film and theatre director and actor
Olga Kozakova (born 1951), Soviet volleyball player
Ještěd-Kozákov Ridge in the Czech Republic
See also
Kazakov, a surname
Kozak (disambiguation)
Kozak (surname)
Kazak (disambiguation)
Bishop Burch may refer to:
Charles Sumner Burch (1854–1920), Episcopal bishop of New York
William Gerald Burch (1911-2003), Canadian Anglican bishop
Maricao is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Alta, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 5,192.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Maricao barrio was 741.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Alta, Puerto Rico
18 Seventeenth Avenue is a historic house located at the address of the same name in Sea Cliff, Nassau County, New York.
Description and history
It was built in about 1890 by Combs & Pearsall, and is a two-story, clapboard sided, Queen Anne style residence with a cross-gabled roof. It features a three-story square tower with a pyramidal roof with overhanging eaves supported by decorative scroll sawn brackets.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 18, 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Riom Castle is a castle in the village of Riom-Parsonz (part of the municipality of Surses) of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Riom was inhabited during the Roman era, from the 1st century through the 4th. During this time, it was a mansio or way-station along the Julier Pass road. After the Fall of the Western Roman Empire, farmers and herders continued to live here during the Early Middle Ages. In 840 it was personally owned by the king of Raetia Curiensis and was a local administrative center as well as the site of major church. The church was given by King Arnulf to a vassal of his named Ruotpert, who in 904 traded it to Lorsch Abbey. Riom and the surrounding lands eventually passed to the Knights of Wangen-Burgeis in the early 13th century and around 1226 they built Riom Castle.
The original castle consisted of a slender, tall bergfried and an attached two-story palas. Not long after, a third story was added to the palas. These buildings were surrounded with a ring wall. The gatehouse was demolished in the past few centuries and no trace of it remains.
The castle and surrounding estates were sold by Berall von Wangen in 1258 to the Bishop of Chur for 300 silver Marks. However, to purchase the estates the Bishop had to put the castle up as collateral to secure a loan from the Freiherr von Vaz. In 1275 the Bishop paid off the loan and made Riom the center of the bailiwick of Oberhalbstein. Tolls and taxes from trade over the Julier and Septimer Passes brought a steady stream of money into the castle. By the early 14th century the Marmels family were the bailiffs of Riom, a post they held until 1426. During the 15th and 16th centuries a number of other noble Graubünden families were bailiffs at Riom. In 1468 Bishop Ortlieb von Brandis angered the League of God's House. They assembled an army, attacked several of the Bishop's estates, including Riom and Greifenstein, and occupied them. The Bishop was forced to ask the city of Zürich to intervene. Zürich negotiated with the League and convinced them to return the castles to the Bishop.
The Ilanzer Article of 1526 eliminated the worldly power of the Bishop, but change came slowly to the valley. In 1552 the communities of Surses bought their freedom from the Bishop, eliminating the need for a bailiff in the castle. Over the following centuries, the castle was used as the meeting place for the Landsgemeinde. The Surses high court continued to meet in the castle and during any witch trials the accused witches were held and tortured in the castle. In 1867 a fire destroyed much of the village, though the castle was preserved. However, the need for wood to rebuild was so dire that the roofs and floors were stripped out of the castle. Without protection from the elements the castle began to deteriorate until the palas and bergfried roofs were replaced in the 20th century.
Castle site
The large three story palases is about . After the fire in 1867 the old roof and floors were stripped off the castle, allowing rain in and damaging the walls. Originally the walls were crowned with merlons, in 1977 when a gable roof was added to protect the walls the merlons were removed. The old second story entrance into the palas is located on the south side and is accessible via a wooden stairway. A ground level entrance was added in the 1930s.
The bergfried is a six story tower that is only at the ground. The tower was never intended to be permanently occupied, instead it was built to defend the castle. The thick walls and narrow firing slits made the interior very cramped. The tower roof was stripped after the 1867 fire and replaced with a new roof in 1936.
In 2006 a theater with 220 seats opened in the palas and every summer is home to the Origen Festival Cultural, a Romansh cultural festival.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Riom Castle at ETHorama
Origen Festival Cultural
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Articles containing video clips
Geraldine Kennedy (born 1 September 1951) is an Irish journalist and politician who served as the first female editor of The Irish Times newspaper. She previously served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dún Laoghaire constituency from 1987 to 1989.
In 1982, Kennedy's telephone, along with those of two other journalists, was tapped by former Minister for Justice Seán Doherty. The revelation in 1992 that Charles Haughey had ordered the phone taps led to Haughey's resignation as Taoiseach.
Early career
Kennedy studied at Dublin Institute of Technology and began her journalistic career with a regional newspaper, the Munster Express. She moved to the Cork Examiner after less than a year, but spent only a few years there before joining The Irish Times.
On the foundation of the Sunday Tribune in 1980, Kennedy joined it as the paper's political correspondent. The paper's publisher, John Mulcahy, had become familiar with Kennedy when she had contributed to his journal Hibernia. When the Tribune briefly ceased production, Kennedy moved to the Sunday Press.
Early in 1987, Kennedy successfully sued the incumbent Charles Haughey-led Fianna Fáil government for illegally tapping her phone.
Political career
Kennedy stood in the 1987 general election as a candidate for the newly formed Progressive Democrat party in Dún Laoghaire. She came third in the poll, winning 9.4% of the first-preference vote. She was one of fourteen Progressive Democrat TDs elected to Dáil Éireann in that election — a feat the party never achieved again. Kennedy was appointed the party's spokesperson for foreign affairs.
She stood again in the 1989 general election and won 9% of the first-preference vote but failed to retain her seat.
Return to journalism
Following her election defeat, Kennedy returned to The Irish Times, then edited by Conor Brady, whom she had worked with at the Tribune when he was the editor. She avoided party-political journalism for several years, but she returned to covering politics in the early 1990s, and became The Irish Times''' political editor in 1999. She became the newspaper's first female editor upon the departure of Conor Brady in late 2002. One of her rivals for the editor's chair was the paper's high-profile columnist, Fintan O'Toole.Fintan O'Toole: Ship of fools: how stupidity and corruption sank the Celtic Tiger. Faber and Faber, 2009.
Kennedy was paid more than the editor of Britain's top non-tabloid newspaper The Daily Telegraph, which has a circulation of about nine times that of The Irish Times. Later columnist Fintan O'Toole told the Sunday Independent: "We as a paper are not shy of preaching about corporate pay and fat cats but with this there is a sense of excess. Some of the sums mentioned are disturbing. This is not an attack on Ms Kennedy, it is an attack on the executive level of pay. There is double-standard of seeking more job cuts while paying these vast salaries."
In September 2006, Kennedy approved the publication of an article in The Irish Times giving confidential details of investigations being made into payments purported to have been made in 1993 to Taoiseach Bertie Ahern. Kennedy refused, upon request of the investigating Tribunal, to provide details of the source of the printed information. She responded that the documents had since been destroyed. Her refusal caused the Tribunal to seek High Court orders compelling her to provide details of the source. On 23 October 2007, the High Court granted the orders compelling her to go before the Tribunal and answer all questions. In its judgment, the High Court, criticising her decision to destroy the documents, said it was an "astounding and flagrant disregard of the rule of law". In 2009, however, the Supreme Court overturned this ruling, holding that the High Court had not struck the correct balance between the journalists' right to protect their source and the tribunal's right to confidentiality.
Kennedy announced on 12 March 2011 her intention to retire from The Irish Times'' by September, after a nine-year term as editor. She actually retired in June, and was succeeded by news editor, Kevin O'Sullivan, who succeeded her as editor on 23 June 2011.
In August 2012, she was appointed Adjunct Professor of Journalism at the University of Limerick.
She has been awarded five honorary doctorates from Irish universities.
References
1951 births
Living people
21st-century Irish people
Academics of the University of Limerick
Alumni of Dublin Institute of Technology
Irish Examiner people
Irish newspaper editors
Irish women journalists
Members of the 25th Dáil
20th-century women Teachtaí Dála
Progressive Democrats TDs
Sunday Tribune people
The Irish Times people
Women newspaper editors
The Taiwan broad-muzzled bat or Taiwan broad-muzzled myotis (Submyotodon latirostris) is a species of vesper bat found in Taiwan.
Taxonomy
It was described as a new species in 1932 by Japanese arachnologist Kyukichi Kishida.
The holotype had been collected in Taiwan.
Kishida placed it in the genus Myotis with a binomial of M. latirostris.
In subsequent publications, it was considered by various authors to be a subspecies of the whiskered bat (M. mystacinus) or the wall-roosting mouse-eared bat (M. muricola).
However, its lineage is basal to all other Myotis species.
It is still within the Myotinae subfamily, though its morphological and genetic differences justified placing it in a separate genus.
Description
It is a small species of bat, with a forearm length of .
Its skull is overall smooth and lacking crests, and the occipital bone of the braincase is distinctly raised, which is one if its identifying features.
The fur of its back is long and shaggy, described as a "dark slaty brown."
The tips of individual hairs are lighter brown.
The fur of its belly is also dark brown, though the tips of the hairs are a more golden color.
Range and habitat
It is found in Taiwan, where it is considered relatively common.
It is generally encountered in mountainous areas with elevations greater than above sea level, though it is found in lower elevations in the winter.
Its maximum elevation range is at least above sea level.
References
Submyotodon
Mammals described in 1932
Mammals of Taiwan
Bats of Asia
Taxa named by Kyukichi Kishida
Note: For information on the transcription used, see National Library at Calcutta romanization. Exception from the standard are the romanization of Sinhala long "ä" () as "ää", and the non-marking of prenasalized stops.
Sinhala words of English origin mainly came about during the period of British colonial rule in Sri Lanka. This period saw absorption of several English words into the local language brought about by the interaction between the English and Sinhala languages.
These are examples of Sinhala words of English origin
See also
Sinhala language
Dutch loanwords in Sinhala
Portuguese loanwords in Sinhala
Tamil loanwords in Sinhala
References
Impact of English loan words in Sinhala
English
"Sexual Feeling" is a 1990 single by American singer La Toya Jackson.
Song information
The song was recorded in Milan, Italy in April 1990. Her manager, Jack Gordon, was approached by producers Franco and Claudio Donato who wanted La Toya for a sexy, "moan-and-groan" track.
Three mixes of the song were included on the original release. The "Rapsody Version" included a rap by La Toya and the "Vocal Version" was used as a track on La Toya's Bad Girl album, first released in 1991 through Sherman Records. The "Sex Vocal" is an a cappella track.
The "La Toya" remix was produced by Quincy Lizer and released as a single in 1990 throughout Italy and the Netherlands.
Versions
Original version
"Sexual Feeling (Vocal Version)" 5:30
"Sexual Feeling (Rapsody Version)" 5:30
"Sexual Feeling (Sex Vocal)" 4:00
"La Toya" Remix
"Sexual Feeling 'La Toya' Remix (Radio Version)" 3:28
"Sexual Feeling 'La Toya' Remix" 6:03
"Sexual Feeling 'La Toya' Remix (Instrumental)" 5:16
"Sexual Feeling "La Toya" Remix (A cappella)" 2:28
2010 Remix
"Sexual Feeling" (Brando Menella remix) 8:10
References
1990 singles
La Toya Jackson songs
1990 songs
Songs written by La Toya Jackson
Mendes Napoli (born May 16, 1951) is president of Napoli Management Group, a talent agency specializing in the representation of television news broadcast journalists. After spending 23 years in television station and news management positions, he founded Napoli Management Group in 1993.
A native of Vandergrift, Pennsylvania, Napoli graduated from Cleveland State University with a BA in communications in 1973. His broadcast career began as an associate news producer and later as a documentary and specials producer for WEWS-TV in Cleveland. At the age of 25 in 1976, he was appointed to news director of WPTV in West Palm Beach. From 1978 to 1981, he was news director and then assistant general manager of KJRH-TV in Tulsa.
In 1981, he was hired by General Electric Broadcasting Company as vice president and general manager of their station in Nashville at age 29. He was responsible for rebuilding the station's ratings performance and its news image. From 1984 to 1988, Napoli was the vice president of news for Scripps Howard Broadcasting Company. He oversaw the news and local programming at the company's television stations including WXYZ Detroit, WEWS Cleveland and WCPO Cincinnati. From 1988 to 1993 he served as vice president of news for Hubbard Broadcasting's KSTP in Minneapolis-St. Paul.
Mendes Napoli currently resides in Los Angeles.
References
1951 births
Living people
Cleveland State University alumni
People from Vandergrift, Pennsylvania
Robert "Bob" Briggs is a fictional screenwriter living in the 1940s Hollywood. His one appearance to date is in Aldous Huxley's dystopian satire Ape and Essence.
Briggs is famous for his fascinating smile.
Hollywood career
Briggs writes for Lou Lublin Productions. (Huxley wrote screen versions of 19th century English novels for producers
Hunt Stromberg, William Goetz, Kenneth Macgowan and Orson Welles, as well as a life of Mme. Curie for Sidney Franklin). He has just been denied a raise, a disappointment with repercussions for his love life. The industry is tightening its belt; Hollywood mogul Schmuel Gelbfisz has announced to the press that those under him may well see their salaries reduced by half.
He has no automobile of his own, but uses his wife Miriam's Buick convertible.
Briggs is—or was—serious about art; he deplores popular escapism as an abuse of it. He knows exactly how many tens of millions of dollars were raked in by Amanda, a vapid musical love story, three winters previously—during the Ardennes Offensive.
In early 1946 he began scripting a life of Catherine of Siena, who in 1366 had mystically married Jesus. Having to sex it up, he elaborated a character from a suitor mentioned in her letters. His script has been reworked three times by others before getting to production, but the lover-character remains; Lublin hopes to get Humphrey Bogart for the part (an unlikely prospect, as 1948 will see him starring in several films by John Huston).
Brigg's relationship with Elaine began as his involvement in the Catherine script was concluding. His long avoidance of its physical consummation—i.e. of technical adultery—mirrors his disenchantment with what in Hollywood passes for the creative process. "When you finally get what you want," he tells his friend, Huxley's narrator, "it's never what you thought it was going to be."
Another symbol of spiritual death is the long drought (or drouth) upon southern California; this finally breaks when Briggs instinctively reads a script by a Mojave recluse (rejected by Lublin) after the Narrator reads him part of it.
Romantic Identity
Briggs thinks of himself as a Romantic -- "as all the Romantic poets rolled into one", according to his fellow, the unnamed narrator of the Tallis section of Huxley's novel—specifically as Keats, dying in love; as Shelley, recklessly following his heart; as Byron, the darkly towering exile; as Beddoes, the mortality-obsessed suicide.
Yet of these fatal figures it is Shelley who resonates most in Brigg's life, and not for the manner of his death but for his dereliction regarding his infant son and pregnant 19-yr-old wife Harriet. (But on the bright side, cf also his poem Adonaïs with which Huxley closes the Script, the novel's second, main and final section).
It has been noted that Briggs is a reader of letters. He would in all likelihood have read Fanny Brawne's letters to Keats, published ten years before Brigg's encounter with Tallis.
The buttes of the south-western Mojave desert remind Briggs of one of Goya's evil landscapes, though it was the foreground matter that had compelled him to buy his lover a reproduction of the work.
Sexual Delusion
Briggs has recently taken Elaine to Acapulco for an adulterous get-away. Though he 'd long put off moving their relation to that level, he is yet disappointed, claiming to have thought it was going to be what he wanted.
The precise nature of the disappointment is hinted at by Huxley's narrator, who tells us Briggs is basically impotent and hence may have been avoiding the physical act of love for these nearly two years only in order to protect himself. If that is so then his voicing of moral qualms may be dishonest: his behaviour with Rosie (below) is evidence for this; the Narrator's reference to Goya's terrifying "saurian rats", however, suggests that Briggs' impotence may have honest roots.
Rosie
Briggs is first made aware of Rosie when he hears her singing the popular song Now Is the Hour in the kitchen of the Cottonwood Ranch. The song would be a year-long hit for Huxley's compatriot the vocalist Gracie Fields, who during the war had come to the USA with her husband Mario Bianche lest he be interned as an enemy alien. Fields picked up Now Is the Hour in New Zealand, a place of some importance in Tallis's screenplay.
Rosie appears in a fetching black sweater and tartan skirt. The narrator notes the "technically perfect" look with which she greets Briggs, and is reminded of other upwardly-mobile kittens in history and literature: of Ninon de l'Enclos, mistress of France Antarctique founder Gaspard de Coligny; of Emy Lyon, installed at Sir Harry Fetherstonhaugh's South Downs mansion; of Anna Karenina; of Morphil.
That she is disquieteningly “simultaneously innocent and knowing” foretells (by seven years) the words of another, masochistic and unreliable narrator, Humbert Humbert.
Completing the picture of pre-nubile predation, Rosie's cousin Katie is annoyed by her laziness.
Notes and references
Aldous Huxley
Characters in British novels of the 20th century
Fictional writers
Ivanhoe, Texas may refer to the following places:
Ivanhoe, Fannin County, Texas, an unincorporated community
Ivanhoe, Tyler County, Texas, a city incorporated in November 2009
Ivanhoe North, a city incorporated in November 2009 that was then merged with the City of Ivanhoe through a November 2010 vote.
Tawerettenru was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Twentieth Dynasty; the Royal Wife of Ramesses V.
Tawerettenru's estate is mentioned in the Wilbour Papyrus, a document dated to the reign of Ramesses V. Based on this document, Tawerettenru is thought to be a wife of this King, but it is possible she dates to an earlier period.
Grajetzki gives the hieroglyphs as transcribed from hieratic as follows:
M23-t:n-G7-N41:t*N33-G7-Z5-Z5-Z5-Z5-Z5-Z5-Z5-Z5-t:A-G36:r-t:Y1-U33-n:Z2-r-V1-G7
Sources
12th-century BC Egyptian women
Queens consort of the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt
Ramesses V
"" (Praise all at this time) is a Christian hymn in German for a new year with text by Heinrich Bone written in 1851. It is contained in the Catholic hymnal Gotteslob. It is sung to a melody that Martin Luther created in 1529.
History
"" was written by Bone in 1851, to an older melody. There was a tendency in the Catholicism of the 19th century to fill the secular date of a new year with Christian interpretation. Bone published five stanzas with a refrain in the 1851 edition of his hymnal Cantate!, in a section Das Fest der Beschneidung. Neujahr. (The feast of the Circumcision. New year.), which was distinguished then from the preceding Zum Schlusse des Jahres (For the conclusion of the year).
The first two stanzas of the hymn, with a different third stanza dating to 1969, were included in the first edition of the common German Catholic hymnal Gotteslob in 1975, as GL 158, This version was retained in the second edition as GL 258, in the section Jahresschluss / Neujahr (End of a year / New Year). The refrain was also slightly changed, with a focus on God as the giver of time and caring for his creation. The melody is attributed to Martin Luther, who created it in 1529 for "Nun freut euch, lieben Christen g'mein", The melody is also used for "Es ist gewißlich an der Zeit" in 1529, which Johann Sebastian Bach set for four parts as BWV 307. The same melody is also one of the tunes of the Christmas carol "Ich steh an deiner Krippen hier" which Bach set for four parts in his Christmas Oratorio. Editor Richard Mailänder included a chorale prelude in the first volume of a 2013 collection of preludes for songs from the new Gotteslob, dedicated to Advent, Christmas and turn of the year, Choralvorspiele für Advent und Weihnachten. Walter Hofmann composed a chorale prelude, included in his collection Vorpiele zu Liedern aus dem neuen Gotteslob.
The song is contained in other hymnals and songbooks. It is frequently sung in services connected to the turn of a year.
References
External links
Catholic hymns in German
1851 songs
19th-century hymns in German
Coffinite is a uranium-bearing silicate mineral with formula: U(SiO4)1−x(OH)4x.
It occurs as black incrustations, dark to pale-brown in thin section. It has a grayish-black streak. It has a brittle to conchoidal fracture. The hardness of coffinite is between 5 and 6.
It was first described in 1954 for an occurrence at the La Sal No. 2 Mine, Beaver Mesa, Mesa County, Colorado, US, and named for American geologist Reuben Clare Coffin (1886–1972).
It has widespread global occurrence in Colorado Plateau-type uranium ore deposits of uranium and vanadium. It replaces organic matter in sandstone and in hydrothermal vein type deposits. It occurs in association with uraninite, thorite, pyrite, marcasite, roscoelite, clay minerals and amorphous organic matter.
Composition
Coffinite's chemical formula is U(SiO4)1−x(OH)4x. X-ray powder patterns from samples of coffinite allowed geologists to classify it as a new mineral in 1955. A comparison to the x-ray powder pattern of zircon (ZrSiO4) and thorite (ThSiO4) was the basis for this classification. Preliminary chemical analysis indicated that the uranous silicate exhibited hydroxyl substitution. The results of Sherwood's preliminary chemical analysis were based on samples from three locations. Hydroxyl bonds and silicon-oxygen bonds also proved to exist after infrared absorption spectral analyses were performed. The hydroxyl substitution occurs as (OH)44− for (SiO4)4−. The hydroxyl constituent in coffinite later proved to be nonessential in the formation of a stable synthetic mineral. Recent electron microprobe analysis of the submicroscopic crystals uncovered an abundance of calcium, yttrium, phosphorus, and minimal lead substitutions along with traces of other rare earth elements.
Crystal structure
Coffinite is isostructural with the orthosilicates zircon (ZrSiO4) and thorite (ThSiO4). Stieff et al. analyzed coffinite using the x-ray powder diffraction technique and determined that it has a tetragonal structure. Occurring naturally with U4+ cations, the UO8 triangular dodecahedra coordinate with edge-sharing, alternating SiO4 tetrahedra in chains along the c-axis. The central uranium site of coffinite is surrounded by eight SiO4 tetrahedra. The lattice dimensions of naturally-occurring and synthetic coffinite are similar, with a naturally-occurring sample from Arrowhead Mine, Mesa County, Colorado having a=6.93kx, c=6.30kx, and a sample synthesized by Hoekstra and Fuchs having a=6.977kx and c=6.307kx.
Physical properties
Initial examination of coffinite by Stieff et al. described the mineral as black in color with an adamantine luster, indistinguishable from uraninite (UO2). Additionally, the discoverers reported that although no cleavage is seen in coffinite, it does exhibit subconchoidal fracturing and is very fine grained. Initial samples showed a brittle texture and a hardness between 5 and 6, with a specific gravity of 5.1. Later samples from Woodrow Mine in New Mexico collected by Moench showed fibrous internal structure and exceptional crystallization. A polished thin section of coffinite has a brown color and shows anisotropic transmission of light. Optical analysis yielded a refractive index of about 1.74.
Geological occurrence
Coffinite was first discovered in sedimentary uranium deposits in the Colorado Plateau region, but has also been discovered in sedimentary uranium deposits and hydrothermal veins in many other locations. Samples of coffinite from the Colorado Plateau were found with black fine-grained low-valence vanadium minerals, uraninite and finely dispersed black organic material. Other materials associated with later finds from the same region were clay and quartz. In vein deposits of the Copper King Mine in Colorado, coffinite was also found to occur with uraninite and pitchblende. Coffinite is metastable compared to uraninite and quartz, thus formation of coffinite requires a uranium source in reducing conditions, as evidenced by the associated presence of low-valence vanadium minerals. Silica-rich solution provides such a reducing condition in cases where coffinite results as an alteration product of uraninite. Hansley and Fitzpatrick also noted that the brownish color of their coffinite samples was caused by organic material, leading them to conclude that coffinite can also form in low temperature conditions if organic carbon is present. This finding is consistent with the coffinite samples of the Colorado Plateau, which included fossilized wood. In China, coffinite can be found in granite in addition to sandstone. Hansley and Fitzpatrick concluded that coarse-grained coffinite most likely forms in high temperature environments. Coffinite and uraninite precipitate inside brecciated and fractured regions of altered granite at pressures between 500 and 800 bars and temperatures at 126 to 178 °C.
Special characteristics
A large percentage of the Earth's uranium supply is contained in coffinite deposits, which is significant because of uranium's use in nuclear energy. Sedimentary deposits contain the most radioactive samples, as evidenced by the intensely radioactive coffinite found in the Colorado Plateau. Researchers at Harvard University, the United States Geological Survey (USGS), and several other institutions attempted unsuccessfully to synthesize coffinite in the mid-1950s after its initial discovery. In 1956, Hoekstra and Fuchs managed to create stable samples of synthetic coffinite. All of this research was conducted for the United States Atomic Energy Commission.
References
Uranium(IV) minerals
Nesosilicates
Tetragonal minerals
Minerals in space group 141
Boyle County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,614. Its county seat is Danville. The county was formed in 1842 and named for John Boyle (1774–1835), a U.S. Representative, chief justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals , and later federal judge for the District of Kentucky, and is part of the Danville, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1820, a portion of Casey County, now south of KY Route 300, was annexed to Mercer County. This became part of Boyle County when Boyle County was formed on February 15, 1842, from sections of Lincoln County and Mercer County. It is named for John Boyle, Congressman, Chief Justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals, and U.S. District Judge.
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States John Marshall Harlan, a supporter of civil rights and the sole dissenter in the Civil Rights Cases and Plessy v. Ferguson, was born in Boyle County in 1833.
A courthouse fire in 1860 resulted in the loss of some county records.
During the American Civil War, the Battle of Perryville took place here on October 8, 1862, fought between the Confederate Army of Mississippi and the Union Army of the Ohio. 7407 men fell in the battle.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Mercer County (north)
Garrard County (east)
Lincoln County (southeast)
Casey County (south)
Marion County (southwest)
Washington County (northwest)
Major highways
U.S. Route 68
U.S. Route 127
U.S. Route 150
Kentucky Route 33
Kentucky Route 34
Kentucky Route 37
Kentucky Route 52
Kentucky Route 300
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 27,697 people, 10,574 households, and 7,348 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,418 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.77% White, 9.68% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.56% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.65% from other races, and 1.12% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.44% of the population.
There were 10,574 households, of which 31.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.70% were married couples living together, 12.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.50% were non-families. 27.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87.
By age, 22.70% of the population was under 18, 11.00% from 18 to 24, 28.60% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.10% were 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was US $35,241, and the median income for a family was $42,699. Males had a median income of $33,411 versus $23,635 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,288. About 9.10% of families and 11.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.80% of those under age 18 and 12.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Government
Education
Public schools
There are two school districts in the county.
Boyle County Schools is the school district that serves all of Boyle County except Danville with three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school.
Danville Schools is the school district that serves the city of Danville with three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school.
Kentucky School for the Deaf, a state-operated school, provides education to Kentucky's deaf and hard-of-hearing children from elementary through high school
Private schools
Two private schools operate in Boyle County:
Danville Christian Academy and
Danville Montessori School.
Colleges and universities
Centre College, a nationally recognized liberal arts college, is located in Danville. Four other colleges and universities have campuses in Boyle County:
Bluegrass Community and Technical College,
Eastern Kentucky University, closed as of May 2018.
Midway University, and
American National University.
Communities
Aliceton
Alum Springs (area between Parksville and Junction City)
Atoka
Brumfield
Danville (county seat)
Forkland
Junction City
Little Needmore
Mitchellsburg
Needmore
Parksville
Perryville
Shelby City (annexed by Junction City)
See also
Northpoint Training Center - a medium security Kentucky Department of Corrections facility located in Boyle County.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boyle County, Kentucky
References
External links
Boyle County, KY
Danville/Boyle County Economic Development Partnership
Danville-Boyle County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Danville, Boyle County Chamber of Commerce
1842 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1842
Kentucky counties
Danville, Kentucky micropolitan area
Michael Bojesen (born 7 August 1960) is a Danish conductor, composer, choirmaster and arranger. He is a former director of Malmö Opera where he served from 2017 to 2022. He won the Danish annual prize for choral composition in 1998.
Biography
Bojesen was born in Copenhagen. He graduated from the Royal Danish Academy of Music in 1984. From 1984 to 2001 he taught at the Sankt Annæ Gymnasium, a secondary school in Copenhagen specialising in singing, where he was choirmaster from 1991 to 2001. From 1989 to 2006 he was the conductor of the Camerata chamber choir, and from 2001 to 2010 chief conductor of the DR Girls' Choir, after which he became honorary conductor. He took over the direction of the Copenhagen Opera Festival in September 2012. He has also been a docent at the Academy of Music (from 1994 to 2003).
He is known as a versatile conductor, working with the DR Big Band in addition to classical ensembles.
Sexual misconduct allegations
Bojesen has been accused of allowing a sexualised environment by several former members of DR Girls' choir. The alleged MeToo-behavior was first revealed to the general public in 2021 by Danish newspaper Politiken.As a consequence, Bojesen was stripped of his title as honorary conductor of DR Girls' choir. In 2022 similar accusations appeared concerning Bojesen's employment as choirmaster at Sankt Annæ Gymnasium [http://www.example.org]
Works
Pater Noster (1991)
Evigheden
These are the days
He has also arranged works for the Danish Concert Choir, the Danish National Chamber Orchestra and the Danish National Symphony Orchestra, among others.
Awards
Bojesen won the Danish annual prize for choral composition in 1998. In 1999 a recording of Messiah in which he participated won the Danish Grammy for the year's best Danish recording, and choirs under his direction have three times been honoured with first prizes: Camerata at Arezzo in 1992 and 2002, and the DR Girls' Choir as "Choir of the World 2002 Kathaumiwx". In 2011 The Jazz Ballad Song Book, a recording by the DR Big Band in which he conducted the Danish National Chamber Orchestra was nominated for four Grammy Awards in jazz categories.
References
External links
Official website
Danish conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
Danish composers
Opera managers
Male composers
People from Copenhagen
1960 births
Living people
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century male musicians
Route 106 is a state highway in southwestern Connecticut, running from Stamford to Wilton.
Route description
Route 106 begins at a junction with I-95 (exit 9) and US 1 in the East Side of Stamford as Courtland Avenue then turning right on Glenbrook Road. It runs parallel to the New Canaan Line of the Metro-North Railroad, heading northeast through the northwest edge of Darien into the center of New Canaan. In Darien, the road is known as Hoyt Street. Upon entering the town of New Canaan, the road changes name to Old Stamford Road, where it has an interchange with the Merritt Parkway (at exit 36) as it heads into downtown New Canaan where it becomes Bank Street. It then continues north, briefly overlapping Route 124 for then heads eastward as East Avenue and Silvermine Road into the town of Wilton. In Wilton, the road is known as New Canaan Road and Wolfpit Road. Route 106 crosses the Norwalk River as well as the railroad tracks of the Danbury Branch then briefly overlaps U.S. Route 7 and Route 33 (0.18 miles) in downtown Wilton, then resumes its eastward journey along Sharp Hill Road then south along Chestnut Hill Road until its end at an intersection with Route 53.
History
Route 106 was established as a result of the 1962 Route Reclassification Act from previously unsigned state-maintained roads. Middlesex Road, Hoyt Street, Old Stamford Road, and Park Street in Darien and New Canaan was taken over by the state in 1962 as SR 749. The following year, SR 749 was redesignated as part of Route 106. North of New Canaan, other former unsigned state roads (SR 403 and SR 414) were incorporated into the newly established Route 106. The route was extended to US 1 in Stamford in 1972. In 1998, the section in Wilton was moved from Belden Hill Road to Wolf Pit Road. Prior to the designation of modern Route 106, an older Route 106 along Center Road in Easton existed between 1935 and 1962. It connected Routes 58 and 59 via Easton Center.
Major intersections
References
106
Transportation in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Transportation in Stamford, Connecticut
New Canaan, Connecticut
Wilton, Connecticut
Princess Baba Jigida is a Sierra Leonean politician. She is a member of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP). She is also a member of the Pan-African Parliament as well as a member of the Parliament of Sierra Leone from the Western Area Rural District outside of Freetown.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Members of the Parliament of Sierra Leone
Members of the Pan-African Parliament from Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone People's Party politicians
21st-century Sierra Leonean women politicians
Women members of the Pan-African Parliament
Shenstone Lodge School is a residential special school for children with behaviour or emotional difficulties, in Shenstone, Staffordshire, England, between Lichfield and Sutton Coldfield. It caters for children aged 4–13. It also has a second site in Tividale which caters for children 11-16. It offers day placements and also, where appropriate, home tuition.
Although partly located in Staffordshire, the school is primarily for pupils coming from the Sandwell area.
The school
The school in Shenstone has 4 classrooms for KS1 and 2 of land,a big house where the bedrooms and dining room are and an outdoor swimming pool. The school also has a new sports hall, meeting room and changing rooms that were completed in 2010. It caters for boys and girls with a variety of emotional and behavioural issues. Links have been forged with a number of secondary schools within Sandwell.
The school in Tividale, Oldbury has a number of classrooms, independent living accommodation and an outdoor MUGA and field for physical activity lessons.
Pupils
In Lichfield, Shenstone Lodge boards 5 days a week for boys, Girls and also has day pupils until 3pm.
In Tividale the provision is for the school day.
References
External links
Shenstone Lodge's website
Special schools in Staffordshire
Lichfield District
Academies in Staffordshire
Special schools in Sandwell
Academies in Sandwell
Lying is strongly discouraged and forbidden by most interpretations of Christianity. Arguments for this are based on various biblical passages, especially "thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour", one of the Ten Commandments. Christian theologians disagree as to the exact definition of "lie" and whether it is ever acceptable.
Biblical passages
One of the Ten Commandments is "thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour"; for this reason, lying is generally considered a sin in Christianity. The story of Naboth in 1 Kings 21 provides an example where false witness leads to an unjust outcome. The exact interpretation of the commandment is disputed: "Does the commandment pertain only to court or does it prohibit lying in general? Is it only a prohibition (not to lie in court, not ever to lie) or does it imply a positive injunction (truth-telling in court, truth-telling in general)? If positive, is one enjoined only to truth-telling or to veracity and honesty also?" Other statements in the Bible express a negative view of lying, such as "You shall not steal, nor deal falsely, nor lie to one another" (Leviticus 19:11) and "Cursed is he who does the work of the Lord deceitfully" (Jeremiah 48:10).
In the Hebrew Bible, those who practice lying and deceit are seemingly rewarded for their actions, posing problems for an exegesis that upholds a categorical prohibition. Examples include the Hebrew midwives who lie after Pharaoh commands them to kill all newborn boys (Exodus 1:17–21), and Rahab (Joshua 2:1–7; cf. Hebrews 11:31), an innkeeper who lies to soldiers while hiding spies in her inn. The midwives appear to be rewarded for their actions (God "dealt well with the midwives” and "gave them families"). James 2:25 appears to praise Rahab as an example of good works: "And in the same way was not also Rahab the prostitute justified by works when she received the messengers and sent them out by another way?" In the Book of Judith, Judith deceives Holofernes in order to assassinate him. Both Abraham and Isaac claimed that their wives were their sisters.
Patristic views
Augustine devoted much attention to lying, which he contended was always wrong. He discussed the topic in four works (De magistro, De doctrina christiana, De trinitate, and Enchiridion) and wrote two treatises, De mendacio and Contra mendacium, specifically on the subject of lies. According to Augustine, only four types of falsehood were not lies, because there was no desire to deceive: explanation of someone else's viewpoint, repetition of memorized words, a slip of the tongue, or misspeaking. Augustine distinguished different situations of lying by blameworthiness, but argued that every lie was a sin. The consensus among scholars is that Augustine did not accept any lies as necessary or justified, even to save an innocent life.
However, there was an equally strong patristic tradition that defended lying for a worthwhile cause and considered it necessary or even righteous in some cases. Exponents of this view include Pseudo-Maximus, Clement of Alexandria, Origen, Hilary of Poitiers, John Cassian, John Chrysostom, Dorotheus of Gaza, Palladius of Antioch, John Climacus, and Paulinus of Nola. This second patristic tradition was summarized by Ambrose of Milan, whose argument, based on scripture, held that Judith's action was meritorious because "she undertook for religion, not love... she served religion... and the fatherland".
Later views
Notable Christian theologians who argued that lying was never permissible for Christians include Thomas Aquinas and John Calvin. Both Augustine and Aquinas held that it was always possible to take a correct and blameless action in any circumstance. Defenders of lying in some cases, such as Cassian and H. Tristram Engelhardt, tended to hold the opposite view: that sometimes true moral dilemmas arise.
In the twentieth century, Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Reinhold Niebuhr also took a non-absolutist position. In Ethics, Bonhoeffer discusses Kantian ethics and contests the Kantian view of lying, because "Treating truthfulness as a principle leads Kant to the grotesque conclusion that if asked by a murderer whether my friend, whom he was pursuing, had sought refuge in my house, I would have to answer honestly in the affirmative." Although he maintained that one should lie to save his friend in that situation, Bonhoeffer argued that either option incurred guilt. In a later essay, “What Does It Mean to Tell the Truth?”, Bonhoeffer argued that "Lying … is and ought to be understood as something plainly condemnable" and that it did not always incur guilt.
Professor Allen Verhey argued that lying is not always wrong, because "We live the truth not for its own sake, but for God's sake and for the neighbor's sake." The Catechism of the Catholic Church states that lying is always wrong. Different definitions of lying exist, such that Christians do not agree that all deception counts as "lying".
Catholic writer and new natural law philosopher Christopher Tollefsen has also argued that lying is never permissible for Christians. In a review of Tollefsen's book, John Skalko stated that this is an unpopular and widely criticized view.
Public opinion
According to a 2016 Pew Research Center survey, 67% of Christians in the United States, including 81% of those who defined themselves as "highly religious", agreed that "Being honest at all times" was "essential" to their Christian identity. According to the 2014 Pew Religious Landscape study in the US, the Christian group that had the highest rate of telling white lies were Black Protestants.
See also
Jewish views on lying
Taqiya
References
Sources
Further reading
Articles about lying in Christianity Today
Christian ethics
Lying
The Ole Miss Rebels softball team represents the University of Mississippi in college softball at the NCAA Division I level. The Rebels are coached by Jamie Trachsel, who will be in her first year as head coach in 2021.
NCAA Regional appearances
NCAA Super Regional appearances
Ole Miss All-Americans
†Denotes 1st Team selection
References
External links
Daniel Waldo (1762–1864), veteran of the American Revolutionary War, later missionary and U.S. House clergy.
Daniel Waldo may also refer to:
Daniel Waldo (Massachusetts politician), delegate to the Hartford Convention
Daniel Waldo (Oregon pioneer) (1800–1880), pioneer in Oregon, United States
Caníaco is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 198.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Caníaco barrio was 631.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Alvin Kent Nix (born March 12, 1944) is a former American football player who played professionally as a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU). Nix is the son of Emery Nix, who played for the New York Giants in 1943 and 1946.
TCU
Nix helped TCU to an upset of Baylor University in October 1964. He passed 4 yards to Joe Ball for the first score in a 17–14 win at Fort Worth, Texas. He led the Horned Frogs on four long scoring drives as a senior quarterback to defeat Baylor in Waco, Texas, the following October. Nix hit on five consecutive passes during a 79-yard drive for a touchdown, in the second quarter. TCU won on a field goal by Bruce Alford in the third period. Nix tied a Southwest Conference record with 4 touchdown passes of 31, 24, 12, and 15 yards, versus Rice University, in November 1965. He also scored on a one-yard plunge to give Texas Christian a 42-14 halftime lead. His first two touchdown passes came in the first ninety-three seconds following Rice fumbles. Nix was bothered for much of his collegiate career by a knee injury. While at TCU, he was a member of Delta Tau Delta fraternity.
Green Bay Packers (1966)
Nix was cut by the Green Bay Packers on August 2, 1966. He passed through waivers but was retained on the Packers' taxi squad for the remainder of the 1966 season. After clearing waivers Nix became a free agent.
Nix was back in the Packers' training camp in 1967, but trailed three other quarterbacks on the depth chart: Bart Starr, Zeke Bratkowski and Don Horn. On July 30, 1967, the Packers traded Nix to the Pittsburgh Steelers, in exchange for the Steelers' fifth round draft pick in 1968. This wound up being the 9th pick in the 5th round, and the Packers used it in the 1968 draft to select offensive lineman Steve Duich.
Pittsburgh Steelers (1967–1969)
Nix got his first chance to play in the NFL with the Pittsburgh Steelers in September 1967. The Steelers' regular quarterback, Bill Nelsen, had an injury to his right knee. Nix was the only other quarterback on the roster. He made his debut against the Philadelphia Eagles. Nix connected on an 18-yard pass to J.R. Wilburn to tie the score, 24–24, midway through the fourth quarter. The Steelers lost in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 34–24. Nix completed 23 of 34 passes against the Cleveland Browns for 218 yards and one touchdown, in October 1967. Split end Dick Compton caught ten of his passes. Nix hit rookie Steelers' running back, Don Shy, for a 27-yard touchdown in a loss to the Giants at Pittsburgh, on October 15.
Tom Landry called Nix the best rookie quarterback he had seen in
ten years. Nix guided the Steelers to a 24–14 triumph against the Detroit Lions on December 3. He handed off to Shy for two one-yard touchdowns to cap drives of 80 and 64 yards in the first and second quarters. He fooled the Lions' defense by passing often on first and second down. Most significantly Nix found swift J.R. Wilburn for a 67-yard touchdown with 1:49 remaining in the second quarter. He
led the Steelers on a 78-yard drive, completed by a Nix to John Hilton 3-yard touchdown pass, which gave Pittsburgh a temporary 10–9 lead against the Washington Redskins. During the drive at Pittsburgh on December 10, Wilburn caught four passes for fifty-five yards.
The Steelers traded Nix during the 1970 preseason to the Minnesota Vikings, but he failed to make their roster and signed with the Bears before the season started.
Chicago Bears (1970–1971)
Nix signed with the Chicago Bears and spent the 1970 season on the taxi squad. He rallied the Bears in the fourth quarter for a second straight week, coming from behind to upset the Vikings, 20–17, in September 1971. He threw touchdown passes of 36 and 26 yards to Dick Gordon in Minneapolis. The latter pass found Gordon in the end zone with 1:42 remaining in the game. Bears starting quarterback, Jack Concannon, was knocked out of the game on a hit by Carl Eller.
Nix started his first game since 1968 in a 35–14 beating of the New Orleans Saints at Soldier Field. He threw touchdown passes of 25 and 35 yards to Bob Wallace and Gordon. Overall, he completed 14 of 24 passes for 242 yards.
The Bears waived Nix on September 13, 1972. In March 1974 Nix filed suit against the Bears, charging they had misdiagnosed a November 1971 hand injury as a sprained wrist. He asked for more than $10,000. Nix had continued playing following the preliminary diagnosis. In his lawsuit he claimed that the injury was aggravated. A later diagnosis stated that the injury was a rupture of both tendons of the index finger of the right hand.
Houston Oilers (1972)
The Houston Oilers signed him to their taxi squad on September 21. Nix appeared in 12 games for the Oilers, two of them starts. Houston traded Nix along with Ron Billingsley to the New Orleans Saints for Dave Parks, Tom Stincic, and Edd Hargett in March of 1973.
New Orleans Saints (1973)
Nix found himself in a four-way competition for three quarterback slots with the Saints, vying for a job with Archie Manning, second year QB Bobby Scott, and former Jets and Oilers backup QB Bob Davis. The Saints' 1973 pre-season media guide listed Nix third on the quarterback depth chart, behind Manning and Scott but ahead of Davis. The other three quarterbacks all appeared for the Saints in the 1973 regular season, but Nix never did.
After football
Nix returned to TCU to finish his business degree, and went into business with his wife Susan, who also attended TCU. She was named "Miss TCU" during her senior year. They went on to own a dry cleaning business, which they later sold, and then went into the florist business. Now retired, he serves on the Colonial County Club Board of Directors, and continues to follow TCU football closely. Susan Nix died in November of 2020 from COVID-19 related complications.
References
1944 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Chicago Bears players
Houston Oilers players
TCU Horned Frogs football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Khemarak Phoumin municipality () is a municipality located in Koh Kong province in south-western Cambodia. The provincial capital Khemarak Phoumin is located in the municipality.
Administration
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
is a history museum in located in the city of Wakayama, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.
The focus of the museum is the history and culture of Wakayama Prefecture, and its permanent collection displays artifacts relating to prehistory, Mount Kōya, the Kumano region, Kumano Kodo and items relating to the Kishū Tokugawa clan, who ruled as daimyō of Kishū Domain under the Edo Period Tokugawa Shogunate. The museum opened in the ninomaru of Wakayama Castle in 1971 and was relocated to its present facility in 1994. It is adjacent is the Museum of Modern Art, Wakayama, with which it is connected bye an underground passage
See also
Prefectural museum
References
External links
Wakayama Prefectural Museum
Museums in Wakayama Prefecture
Wakayama (city)
History museums in Japan
Prefectural museums
Museums established in 1971
1971 establishments in Japan
St. Nicholas' Primary School (Irish: Bunscoil Naomh Nioclás, Carraig Fhearghais) is a Catholic maintained primary school located in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
History
The school origins date back to Mount Saint Nicholas National School, an inter-denominational national school, which opened in 1871, formerly located in the current school/chapel car park. In 1910, St. Nicholas' Boys and St. Nicholas' Girls Primary Schools, replaced the national school, whose building was subsequently used by Mount St. Nicholas playgroup until the 1990s.
In 1959 the school building was refurbished, helping to accommodate the growing Catholic population in the town. This population growth is largely attributed to the industrialisation of the town in the mid 20th century, with the town becoming a hub for the textiles industries, which attracted employees from Belfast and further afield, to settle in the town. This population growth resulted in the formation of St. Nicholas' High School in Carrickfergus, which opened its doors in September 1969.
In September 1992, the school amalgamated to form St. Nicholas' Primary School. This accommodated both boys and girls, in the same class, for the first time in the primary school's history. This date also coincided with the closure of the St. Colman's Catholic Primary School, Greenisland, resulting in an immediate influx of pupils from this area to St. Nicholas' P.S.
Work began on building a new school in the former playground of the old St. Nicholas' P.S., which was completed and opened by September 1996, and officially opened and blessed by Patrick Walsh (Bishop) in March 1998. The new school has eight classrooms, one of which is used as a playroom for younger children, and a multi purpose gymnasium in which P.E., assembly and after-school clubs occur.
In the last decade the school numbers have declined rapidly, with an enrolment of circa 200 pupils in the 1990s, to half that today, with over 100 pupils currently enrolled.
References
Educational institutions established in 1910
Primary schools in County Antrim
Catholic primary schools in Northern Ireland
Carrickfergus
1910 establishments in Ireland
Bičkai (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 7 people. It is located from Vilainiai, by the Koliupė and the Alkupis rivers, next to the Vilainiai Forest.
Demography
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
Jean-Emmanuel Gilibert (21 June 1741, in Lyon – 2 September 1814, in Lyon) was a French politician, botanist, freemason, medical doctor and member of the Academy of Sciences, Humanities and Arts of Lyon.
Bibliography
Dictionnaire historique de Lyon, Éditions Stéphane Bachès, 2009. .
Piotr Daszkiewicz (2004). « Sur les forêts de Lithuanie » (1784), Un texte oublié de Jean-Emmanuel Gilibert. Cahiers lituaniens, 5 : 21-27.
Adrien Davy de Virville (ed.) (1955). Histoire de la botanique en France. SEDES (Paris) : 394 p.
Jules Guiart, La vie extraordinaire d'Emmanuel Gilibert, médecin et botaniste lyonnais, dans Biologie médicale, revue des sciences biologiques considérées dans leurs rapports avec la médecine, vol.34, 42/43e années, n°10-12, octobre-novembre-décembre 1945, pp. 164–190
1741 births
1814 deaths
Politicians from Lyon
19th-century French botanists
19th-century French physicians
Scientists from Lyon
Physicians from Lyon
Accession Day is a public holiday in the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, commemorating 26 October 1947, when Maharaja Hari Singh signed off the Instrument of Accession, in which Jammu and Kashmir joined the Dominion of India. It became an official public holiday in Jammu and Kashmir for the first time in 2020.
The festivities of the day include holding rallies, bursting of firecrackers, singing India's national anthem, and raising the flag of India. In some areas, the festivities are as big as those of the Hindu festival of Diwali.
The "Accession Day" is observed as "Black Day" by separatist Kashmiri leaders like Syed Ali Shah Geelani and followers of All Parties Hurriyat Conference in protest of alleged human rights violations by the India's "occupation" of Jammu and Kashmir.
See also
Republic Day
Independence Day
Kashmir conflict
Jammu and Kashmir Reorganisation Act, 2019
References
Public holidays in India
Annual events in India
October observances
Festivals in Jammu and Kashmir
Leonard Adolph Szafaryn (January 19, 1928 – September 22, 1990) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, Green Bay Packers, and the Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at the University of North Carolina and was drafted in the third round of the 1949 NFL Draft.
1928 births
1990 deaths
American football offensive linemen
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Green Bay Packers players
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
Washington Redskins players
Volume 1 (Vol. 1º) is the second studio release by Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André and his first true studio album.
It was first issued in 1967 on Bluebell Records. It is a collection of re-recordings of De André's early singles, previously issued on the Karim label.
Track listing
The songs
"Preghiera in Gennaio"
("Prayer in January")
The song is dedicated to the memory of Fabrizio's longtime friend Luigi Tenco, who had committed suicide in January that year, after taking part in the Italian Song Festival of Sanremo and failing to advance to the final competition. The lyrics deal with the theme of suicide and the Church's systematic condemnation of those who kill themselves.
"Marcia nuziale"
("Wedding March")
A translated version of the song "La Marche nuptiale", written in 1956 by Georges Brassens, who De André always considered a master as well as one of his greatest sources of inspiration.
"Spiritual"
This song, true to its title, is a spiritual in which De André sings with a deep voice, similar to that of African American singers. The lyrics may be read as a genuine expression of praise to God, as in the best tradition of American gospel, but their general informal tone, as well as the song's placement in the tracklist of the album - coming right before an unconventional depiction of Jesus - both point to a slightly cynical, detached attitude by De André toward organized religion in general. This is particularly clear in the final two lines: "God of Heaven, I will wait for you; in Heaven and on Earth I will look for you." Also, during his last-ever filmed live performance, on 14 February 1998, De André said: "If God didn't exist we should invent Him - which is exactly what mankind has been doing for the past 2000 years."
"Si chiamava Gesù"
("He Was Called Jesus")
The singer narrates the story of Jesus in an avant guardist way, saying that his goal isn't to glorify someone who he believes was "nothing but a man gone down in history as a god". While maintaining an atheist point of view, De André shows great respect and admiration toward the human figure of Jesus, who he defined "the greatest revolutionary of all history".
"La canzone di Barbara"
("Barbara's song")
A low-key folk song about an unfaithful girl called Barbara. It was the last song from the album to be released as a single, with a different mixing and some guitar parts cut out.
"Via del Campo"
In this song, partly inspired by Genoan transvestite "Morena", De André expresses his sympathy to the lower social classes. Via del Campo was an infamous street of Genoa, known in the 1960s as home to prostitutes, transvestites and poor people. This composition features the music of an Enzo Jannacci song, "La mia morosa la và alla fonte", which De André erroneously believed to be a medieval ballad rediscovered by Dario Fo. Jannacci recorded the song himself for his 1988 album Vengo anch'io. No, tu no.
"Caro amore"
("Dear Love")
When the album was reissued in 1971 under the newly-born Produttori Associati label, this song, whose music is taken from the second movement Adagio of Joaquín Rodrigo's 1939 Concierto de Aranjuez, was taken out of the album under request of Rodrigo himself, who did not approve the use of De André's lyrics with his music. The song was eventually replaced with "La stagione del tuo amore" ("The Season of Your Love"), a De André original, which would be featured in every following reissue.
"Bocca di Rosa"
("Rose Mouth")
Possibly based on Brassens' song "Brave Margot" (1952), it is one of De André's most well-known songs and, as stated by the singer himself, the one that "resembles him the most". The song tells the story of a foreign girl (Bocca di Rosa, who is not a prostitute since - as the song states - she never asks for money), whose passionate and libertine behaviour upsets the women of the small town of Sant'Ilario. Seeing her conduct as unacceptable, the women turn to the Police commissioner, who sends four gendarmes to put her on the first train out of town. All the men in town gather at the station to send their regards to the woman who "brought love to the town". At the following station, she is greeted by even more people, including the priest, who wants her to be by his side during the subsequent procession, not far from the statue of the Virgin Mary, thus "carrying around town sacred love and profane love". Bocca di Rosa's character was reproposed, with different connotations, in the novel Un destino ridicolo, co-written by De André and writer Alessandro Gennari. According to newspaper Il Secolo XIX, the inspirer of the song died June 14, 2010, aged 88, in Sampierdarena hospital, in Genoa. De André's widow, Dori Ghezzi, and his longtime friend Paolo Villaggio both denied De André ever meeting her, despite the singer having stated otherwise to newspaper Repubblica in 1996.
Controversy
"Bocca di Rosa" was re-recorded with different lyrics for the first reissue of the album. The fictional town of Sant'Ilario, named after an actual suburb of Genoa, was renamed "San Vicario". Also, after "polite pressures from the corps of Carabinieri", a line was taken out of the lyrics which criticized the law enforcement corps (with explicit mention of the Carabinieri). This "censored" version of the song would be featured in every following reissue. The original version was included in the posthumous 2005 compilation album In direzione ostinata e contraria.
"La morte"
("Death")
The music for this song is taken from "Le verger de Roi Louis", composed by Georges Brassens with lyrics by Théodore de Banville. The main theme is the inevitability of death, which strikes without any warning, regardless of the identity of the victim, unstoppable.
"Carlo Martello ritorna dalla battaglia di Poitiers"
("Charles Martel Returns from the Battle of Poitiers")
The song is a parody of the Christian medieval tradition based on the historical figure Charles Martel. Martel, returning victorious after the Battle of Tours, is "feeling love yearnings more than body wounds" and uses his position as king to obtain sexual favors from a beautiful peasant girl. Then, when the girl demands payment for her "services" afterwards (thus revealing herself as a prostitute), Martel quickly hops on his horse and rides away in a comical fashion. The song imitates an ancient Occitan lyric genre, the "Pastorela", which revolved around the meeting of knights with shepherdesses in bucolic sets such as brooks and stretches of water. The idea for the song was born on a day of November 1962, when De André and Paolo Villaggio were at Villaggio's house in Genoa, both waiting for their wives to give birth. De André played the melody on a guitar and Villaggio, very fond of history, immediately thought of writing lyrics to it about Charles Martel. A week later, the lyrics were ready. Several poetic licenses are used in the lyrics:
Charles Martel was never a king, only Mayor of the Palace under the Merovingian kings.
The Battle of Tours took place in the month of October, not in spring.
The song had been first released as the B-side of a single in 1963 and was re-recorded for the album with some differences, namely the marked Bolognese accent of De André's interpretation of the girl and trumpet solos between each verse.
Release history
Notes
References
1967 albums
Fabrizio De André albums
Italian-language albums
Bluebell Records albums
Cross-Cultural Research (formerly Behavior Science Research) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's editor is Carol R. Ember (Human Relations Area Files). The journal has been in publication since 1966 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Cross-Cultural Research.
Scope
Cross-Cultural Research publishes articles that describe cross-cultural and comparative studies in all human sciences. The journal covers topics such as societies, nations and cultures. Cross-Cultural Research focuses on the systematic testing of theories about human societies and behaviour.
Abstracting and indexing
Cross-Cultural Research is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.975, ranking it 56 out of 98 journals in the category "Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary".
References
External links
English-language journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Route 107 is a state highway in southwestern Connecticut, connecting the village of Georgetown to the town center of Redding.
Route description
Route 107 begins as School Street at an intersection with US 7 in the northeast corner of the town of Wilton. It soon enters the town of Redding (after 0.2 mi) and crosses the Norwalk River. Right after crossing the river, Route 57 splits off to the south heading into the main center of Georgetown. Route 57 is officially overlapped with Route 107 between this point and US 7. Route 107, now known as Redding Road, continues northeast out of Georgetown towards the Saugatuck River. Route 107 meets and briefly over overlaps Route 53 after about two miles (3 km) west of Redding Center as it crosses the Saugatuck River. East of Route 53, the road becomes known as Hill Road and enters the town center later. North of the town center Route 107 becomes known as Lonetown Road. As Lonetown Road, Route 107 then turns north, passing by Redding Country Club and Redding Elementary School before turning east onto Putnam Park Road. Route 107 continues for another until it ends at the Black Rock Turnpike (Route 58).
History
In 1834, the Sherman and Redding Turnpike was incorporated to improve and maintain a road from Redding center, through Danbury, to the town of Sherman. The turnpike began at the junction of Newtown Turnpike and Sherman Turnpike in Redding and ran through Redding center. It continued north along Lonetown Road into Bethel and beyond. By 1846, however, there was a report to the Connecticut Legislature that the turnpike had been mostly unmaintained for the past six years. Soon after that pieces of the Sherman Turnpike were disincorporated and returned to either the towns or to the individuals who originally owned the lands. Most of the alignment north of Danbury is now abandoned. The portion of modern Route 107 in Georgetown was also part of another turnpike, the Norwalk and Danbury Turnpike, which later became part of Route 53.
Route 107 was established in the 1932 state highway renumbering but was only designated as a connector between Route 53 in Georgetown and Route 58 in Putnam Memorial State Park. The portion of modern Route 107 west of Route 53 was mostly part of the original alignment of Route 53. In 1963, as a result of the Route Reclassification Act of 1962, Route 53 was extended south along the Newtown Turnpike alignment, and the section of former Route 53 running to US 7 was reassigned to Route 107.
Major intersections
References
107
Transportation in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Wilton, Connecticut
Redding, Connecticut
John Anderton may refer to:
John Anderton (footballer) (born 1933), English footballer
John Anderton (athlete) (1929–1991), South African sprinter
Jack Anderton (John Anderton), English rugby union and rugby league player
John C. Anderton, author of Birds of South Asia: The Ripley Guide
John Anderton, the fictional lead character in the film Minority Report
See also
John Anderson (disambiguation)
Jordan LaVallée Smotherman (born May 11, 1986) is a former professional American ice hockey winger and current head coach and General Manager of the Worcester Railers in the ECHL.
Playing career
Smotherman was born in Corvallis, Oregon and moved to Binghamton, New York at the age of 2 before his family settled in Westborough, Massachusetts at the age of 10. Upon joining the Quebec Remparts, he went by the name Jordan LaVallée in order to connect with the Quebec fanbase, as his mother Maureen was French Canadian. He was a member of the 2006 Memorial Cup champion Quebec Remparts, as one of six New England natives who played on the Remparts roster.
He was drafted by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 4th round, 116th overall, of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. His first National Hockey League goal was scored in his second game with the Thrashers in a 2-point effort against Craig Anderson of the Florida Panthers on April 1, 2008, in a 3-2 Thrashers loss.
After spending the majority of his three-year tenure within the Thrashers organization with AHL affiliate, the Chicago Wolves, at the start of the 2009–10 season on October 8, 2009, the Thrashers traded Smotherman to the Columbus Blue Jackets in return for future considerations. He was then assigned to AHL affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch for the entirety of the year posting 10 goals and 32 points in 78 games with the Crunch.
Prior to the 2010–11 season, Smotherman was invited to the Boston Bruins training camp but was released on September 22, 2010, and was reassigned and later signed to the Providence Bruins.
Was the 2008 Man of the year award winner in Chicago, received the 2008 Hometown Hero award from the Chicago sports awards, won the 2008 Dan Snyder award from the Chicago wolves, and was given the 2009 Man of the year award in Syracuse.
Smotherman joined GET-ligaen club EfB Esbjerg for the 2011–12 season.
For the 2012–13 season, Smotherman joined Tingsryd AIF in the Swedish second-tier league HockeyAllsvenskan. While the team finished second to last in the series and was relegated to Swedish third-tier league Division 1, only one player in the entire league scored more than his 24 goals.
For the 2013–14 season he joined Karlskrona HK of the HockeyAllsvenskan and transferred to fellow Rögle BK during the 2014–15 season. After helping Rögle earn promotion from HockeyAllsvenskan to the Swedish Hockey League (SHL), the highest level professional competition in Sweden, he re-signed with the club and appeared in 52 SHL contests (14 goals, five assists) in 2015–16, helping Rögle to stay in the league.
On June 10, 2016, Smotherman moved to Germany, signing with the Iserlohn Roosters of the country's top-flight Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). In the pre-season with the Roosters, Smotherman and the Roosters opted to terminate his contract, due to personal reasons.
Smotherman returned home to North America, and opted to resume his career in the ECHL with the Manchester Monarchs for the 2016–17 season. In contributing with 20 points in 18 games and experiencing a brief stint in the AHL with the Springfield Thunderbirds, Smotherman returned to Sweden in agreeing to a contract with Modo Hockey of the second division Allsvenskan on January 17, 2017. Smotherman played out the season with Modo, collecting 8 goals in 14 games.
As a free agent, Smotherman returned to link up again with the Manchester Monarchs of the ECHL on August 4, 2017. In the 2017–18 season, Smotherman led the Monarchs with 72 points in 69 games earning a place in the ECHL First All-Star Team.
On May 30, 2018, Smotherman signed for a second time with the Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL on a one-year deal.
Smotherman signed for the Belfast Giants of the UK EIHL in February 2019, later going on to score the winning goal in the 2018-19 EIHL Challenge Cup final against the Guildford Flames.
The winger re-signed with Belfast for the 2019–20 season, and took on the role of player-assistant coach to head coach Adam Keefe. Smotherman announced his departure from Belfast in a social media post in July 2020.
On 8 July 2020, it was announced Smotherman would return to the ECHL for the 2020–21 season by signing a contract with the Worcester Railers. However, Worcester did not take part in the 2020–21 ECHL season due to COVID-19.
In January 2021, Smotherman instead moved again to Denmark's Metal Ligaen to sign for Esbjerg Energy - his second spell with the team having played for them during the 2011–12 season.
In July 2021, the Worcester Railers again announced they had agreed terms with Smotherman ahead of the 2021–22 ECHL season. In his final professional year, Smotherman was still able to contribute offensively, posting 30 goals and 52 points through 60 regular season games.
Coaching career
In June 2022, Smotherman moved behind the bench - becoming the Head Coach and General Manager of the ECHL's Worcester Railers.
Career statistics
References
External links
1986 births
American men's ice hockey left wingers
American ice hockey coaches
American people of French-Canadian descent
Atlanta Thrashers draft picks
Atlanta Thrashers players
Belfast Giants players
Chicago Wolves players
EfB Ishockey players
Esbjerg Energy players
Ice hockey people from Oregon
Iserlohn Roosters players
Karlskrona HK players
Lahti Pelicans players
Living people
Manchester Monarchs (ECHL) players
Memorial Cup winners
Modo Hockey players
People from Westborough, Massachusetts
Providence Bruins players
Quebec Remparts players
Rögle BK players
Sportspeople from Worcester County, Massachusetts
Springfield Thunderbirds players
Syracuse Crunch players
Tingsryds AIF players
Worcester Railers players
Surrey Canal is an area in inner south east London, situated 2 miles south of Tower Bridge, which was formerly home to a section of the Grand Surrey Canal. It is formed by the meeting point of three districts: Bermondsey, Deptford and New Cross.
History and land use
The Grand Surrey Canal was used to transport timber from the Surrey Docks to Camberwell but it was closed in 1971 and subsequently filled in. The area surrounding this section of the canal has a history of residential development before it became a public park, Senegal Fields, in 1972. Since 1993 the former Senegal Fields site has been home to Millwall FC. Surrey Canal's boundaries as a district are roughly equal to the length of Surrey Canal Road, which runs along the perimeter of three postal code districts: SE16, SE14 and SE8.
The remaining land use is predominantly industrial, including waste and recycling processing facilities on Landmann Way and a London Overground maintenance depot.
Redevelopment
A development proposal, which received planning consent in March 2012, was thoroughly investigated by The Guardian newspaper in 2016 and 2017. As a result of funding claims that were false and links between the developer and Lewisham council, the scheme was cancelled. The developer (Renewal) was found to have no experience of such a scheme and lacked funds. It was registered in overseas tax havens.
Followers of Millwall, local residents, former players, football commentators and supporters of clubs across the world expressed their concern about the scheme because it endangered a club with very close community links.
It is hoped that the club's own proposals will be adopted in due course (this at 8th Feb, 2017.)
References
History of the London Borough of Lewisham
The four-frequency of a massless particle, such as a photon, is a four-vector defined by
where is the photon's frequency and is a unit vector in the direction of the photon's motion. The four-frequency of a photon is always a future-pointing and null vector. An observer moving with four-velocity will observe a frequency
Where is the Minkowski inner-product (+−−−)
Closely related to the four-frequency is the four-wavevector defined by
where , is the speed of light and and is the wavelength of the photon. The four-wavevector is more often used in practice than the four-frequency, but the two vectors are related (using ) by
See also
Four-vector
Wave vector
References
Four-vectors
Hyunsa is the highest enlisted South Korean military rank, equivalent to a Command Sergeant Major in most other countries. The rank of Hyunsa means Wise and respected NCO.
The rank of Hyunsa is newly added to ROK army in 2014 as the highest NCO rank. Those holding the rank of Hyunsa are eligible to be promoted to Junwi, considered the only Warrant Officer rank of the South Korean armed forces.
Military ranks of South Korea
Josh Johnson is an American football running back who is a free agent. He played college football at Louisiana–Monroe.
Professional career
Johnson was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent on May 13, 2020. He was waived on August 31, 2021, during final roster cuts, but re-signed to the team's practice squad the following day. Johnson was elevated to the active roster on November 29, 2021, for the team's Week 12 game against the Washington Football Team. He was signed to the active roster on January 4, 2022.
On August 30, 2022, Johnson was waived/injured by the Seahawks and placed on injured reserve. He was released on September 8.
References
External links
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks bio
Seattle Seahawks bio
Living people
American football running backs
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Players of American football from Alabama
Year of birth missing (living people)
Granma is the yacht that was used to transport 82 fighters of the Cuban Revolution from Mexico to Cuba in November 1956 for the purpose of overthrowing the regime of Fulgencio Batista. The 60-foot (18 m) diesel-powered cabin cruiser was built in 1943 by Wheeler Shipbuilding of Brooklyn, New York, as a light armored target practice boat, US Navy C-1994 and modified postwar to accommodate 12 people. "Granma", in English, is an affectionate term for a grandmother; the yacht is said to have been named for the previous owner's grandmother.
Role in the Cuban revolution
The yacht was purchased on October 10, 1956, for MX$50,000 (US$15,000) from the United States-based Schuylkill Products Company, Inc., by a Mexican citizen—said to be Mexico City gun dealer Antonio "The Friend" del Conde—secretly representing Fidel Castro.
The builder, Wheeler Shipbuiding, then of Brooklyn, New York, now of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, also built Hemingway's Pilar. It is still unknown who removed the light armor and expanded the cabin postwar to convert the navy training boat into a civilian yacht.
Castro's 26th of July Movement had attempted to purchase a Catalina flying boat maritime aircraft, or a US naval crash rescue boat for the purpose of crossing the Gulf of Mexico to Cuba, but their efforts had been thwarted by lack of funds. The money to purchase Granma had been raised in the US state of Florida by former President of Cuba Carlos Prío Socarrás and Teresa Casuso Morín.
Shortly after midnight on November 25, 1956, in the Mexican port of Tuxpan, Veracruz, Granma was surreptitiously boarded by 82 members of the 26th of July movement including their leader, Fidel Castro, his brother, Raúl Castro, Che Guevara, and Camilo Cienfuegos. The group—who later came to be known collectively as los expedicionarios del yate Granma (the Granma yacht expeditioners)—then set out from Tuxpan at 2 a.m. After a series of vicissitudes and misadventures, including diminishing supplies, sea-sickness, and the near-foundering of their heavily laden and leaking craft, they disembarked on December 2 on the Playa Las Coloradas, municipality of Niquero, in modern Granma Province (after the vessel), formerly part of the larger Oriente Province. Granma was piloted by Norberto Collado Abreu, a World War II Cuban Navy veteran and ally of Castro. The location was chosen to emulate the voyage of national hero José Martí, who had landed in the same region 61 years earlier during the wars of independence from Spanish colonial rule.
Landing
We reached solid ground, lost, stumbling along like so many shadows or ghosts marching in response to some obscure psychic impulse. We had been through seven days of constant hunger and sickness during the sea crossing, topped by three still more terrible days on land. Exactly 10 days after our departure from Mexico, during the early morning hours of December 5, following a night-long march interrupted by fainting and frequent rest periods, we reached a spot paradoxically known as Alegría de Pío (Rejoicing of the Pious). –Che Guevara
Batista correctly predicted that the landing would take place, and his troops were ready. Consequentially, the landing party was bombarded by helicopters and airplanes soon after landing. Since the terrain on the coastline provided little cover, the party was an easy target. Many casualties ensued, most of them during battle at further inland. The survivors continued to the foot of Pico Turquino in the Sierra Maestra to carry out guerilla war.
Initially, Batista did not know who exactly were among the casualties, and international media widely reported that Fidel had died. This was, however, not the case. Of the 82, around 21 had survived. According to the most credible version, the survivors were Fidel, Raúl, Guevara, Armando Rodríguez, , Ramiro Valdés, Universo Sánchez, Efigenio Ameijeiras, René Rodríguez, Camilo Cienfuegos, Juan Almeida Bosque, Calixto García, Calixto Morales, Reinaldo Benítez, Julio Díaz, Luis Crespo Cabrera, Rafael Chao, , José Morán, Carlos Bermúdez, and Fransisco González. All others had been either killed, captured, or left behind.
Granma yacht expeditioners
The 82 expeditioners were:
Fidel Castro
José Smith Comas
Juan Almeida Bosque
Raúl Castro
Pablo Díaz
Félix Elmuza
Armando Huau
Che Guevara
Antonio López
Teniente Jesús Reyes
Cándido González
Onelio Pino
Roberto Roque
Mario Hidalgo
César Gómez
Rolando Moya
Horacio Rodríguez
José Ponce Díaz
José Ramón Martínez
Fernando Sánchez-Amaya
Arturo Chaumont
Norberto Collado
Julio Díaz
René Bedia
Evaristo Montes de Oca
Esteban Sotolongo
Andrés Luján
José Fuentes
Pablo Hurtado
Emilio Albentosa
Luis Crespo
Rafael Chao
Ernesto Fernández
Armando Mestre
Miguel Cabañas
Eduardo Reyes
Humberto Lamothe
Santiago Hirzel
Enrique Cuélez
Manuel Echevarría
Fransisco González
Mario Fuentes
Noelio Capote
Raúl Suárez
Gabriel Gil
Luis Arcos
Alfonso Guillén Zelaya
Miguel Saavedra
Pedro Sotto
Arsenio García
Israel Cabrera
Carlos Bermúdez
Antonio Darío López
Oscar Rodríguez
Camilo Cienfuegos
Gilberto García
René Reiné
Norberto Godoy
Enrique Cámara
Raúl Díaz
Armando Rodríguez
Calixto García
Calixto Morales
Reinaldo Benítez
René Rodríguez
Jesús Gómez
Francisco Chicola
Universo Sánchez
Efigenio Ameijeiras
Ramiro Valdés
Tomás Royo
Arnaldo Pérez
Rolando Santana
Ramón Mejias
José Morán
After the revolution
Soon after the revolutionary forces triumphed on January 1, 1959, the cabin cruiser was transferred to Havana Bay. Norberto Collado Abreu, who had served as main helmsman for the 1956 voyage, received the job of guarding and preserving the yacht.
Since 1976, the yacht has been on permanent display in a glass enclosure at the Granma Memorial adjacent to the Museum of the Revolution in Havana. A portion of old Oriente Province, where the expedition made landfall, was renamed Granma Province in honor of the vessel. UNESCO has declared the Landing of the Granma National Park—established at the location (Playa Las Coloradas)—a World Heritage Site for its natural habitat.
Cuba celebrates December 2 as the Day of the Cuban Armed Forces, and a replica has also been paraded at state functions to commemorate the original voyage. In further tribute, the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party has been called Granma. The name of the vessel became an icon for Cuban communism.
References
Works cited
External links
Wheeler Yachts Home Page
Che Guevara's account of the Granma's voyage
Fidel Castro recalls the Granma crossing
Landing of the Granma on historyofcuba.com
The Voyage of the Granma
Che Describes his Departure to Cuba from Mexico Aboard the Granma
Motor yachts
Cuban Revolution
Museum ships in Cuba
Che Guevara
Jiuming Qiyuan (C: 九命奇冤, P: Jiǔmìng Qíyuān, W: Chiu-ming ch'i-yüan, "The Strange Case of Nine Murders") is a murder mystery novel by Wu Jianren (Wu Woyao). The book, as of 1982, is not available in English.
Plot
The novel opens within an action scene, where a group of men trying to burn their victim are engaged in a conversation. Bruce Doar, who wrote a book review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, wrote that "Such an opening was unprecedented in Chinese fiction."
Analysis
Gilbert Fong, the author of "Time in Nine Murders: Western Influence and Domestic Tradition", published in The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, documented shifts in time. Fong argued that the manipulation received inspiration from foreign models, Cantonese ballads, and traditional Chinese crime stories (gongan). Fong also stated that the "time inversion" technique appears more often than the previous literature about Jiuming Qiyuan indicates. Robert E. Hegel, author of a book review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, wrote that Fong corrected an opinion about Jiuming Qiyuan that had been written by Hu Shih. Doar wrote that Fong's writing was "an especially solid piece of scholarship."
Reception
Bruce Doar, who wrote a book review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, stated that Jiuming Qiyuan was "regarded as one of the finest novels of the late Qing period." Doar argued that "due to the opening, it was "one of the most innovative" novels.
References
Doar, Bruce. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). The Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs, ISSN 0156-7365, 01/1982, Issue 7, pp. 199 - 201 (Available on JSTOR)
Hegel, Robert E. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Chinese Literature: Essays, Articles, Reviews (CLEAR), ISSN 0161-9705, 07/1983, Volume 5, Issue 1/2, pp. 188 - 191.
Yee, Cordell D. K. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Journal of Asian Studies, ISSN 0021-9118, 05/1982, Volume 41, Issue 3, p. 574
Notes
Further reading
Fong, Gilbert. "Time in Nine Murders: Western Influence and Domestic Tradition" in: Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena (editor). The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century (Toronto: University of Toronto Press; January 1, 1980), , 9780802054739.
20th-century Chinese novels
1906 novels
Novels set in Guangdong
Novels by Wu Jianren
The Journal of Technology Law & Policy is a law review devoted to discussion and analysis of the legal implications of technology. Topics include, but are not limited to patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, antitrust, information privacy, and computer law. The journal was established in 1995 and is published twice yearly by the University of Florida Levin College of Law.
University of Florida
American law journals
Technology law journals
Publications established in 1995
1995 establishments in Florida
List of presidents of the National People's Assembly of Guinea-Bissau.
This is a list of presidents (speakers) of the National People's Assembly of Guinea-Bissau:
Sources
Politics of Guinea-Bissau
Guinea-Bissau, National People's Assembly
Zorbeg Ebralidze () (born 20 September 1944), is a former Georgian football defender and coach.
Ebralidze was born in Lanchkhuti, Georgian SSR. He played for FC Dinamo Tbilisi and Soviet Union National Team. He also played for a year for FC Guria Lanchkhuti and FC Torpedo Kutaisi. Among his successes as a player were helping to win the Soviet Cup FC Dinamo Tbilisi in 1976.
Now Zorbeg Ebralidze coached FC Norchi Dinamoeli.
Honours
Soviet Cup Champion: 1976Soviet Top League Bronze prize winner: 1978
External links
Player profile at Football.lg.ua
Magyarfutball (in Hungarian)
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Football managers from Georgia (country)
Sportspeople from Tbilisi
FC Guria Lanchkhuti players
FC Torpedo Kutaisi players
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
Soviet Top League players
Road incident deaths in Georgia (country)
Soviet footballers
Soviet football managers
FC Norchi Dinamo Tbilisi managers
Living people
1944 births
Karimabad (, also Romanized as Karīmābād; also known as Karīmābād-e Khāleşeh) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,332, in 567 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Triangle is a village in the Calderdale borough of West Yorkshire, England. It is located in the valley of the River Ryburn, on the A58 road over the South Pennines, between Sowerby Bridge and Ripponden. Historically a part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it dates mainly from the 19th century period of industrialisation but was here for some time prior. The name of the village derives from the patch of ground formed when the old road parted with the newer (A58) toll road to Rochdale. Previous to this time the village was named Pond.
Thorpe House
Thorpe House is near Triangle. It was built in 1804 and was home to Arnold Williams, Liberal MP for Sowerby in the 1920s. During the Second World War it served as officers' quarters for the Royal Engineers, after which it lay empty for 12 years. In 1957 Thorpe House was repaired and converted into a home for elderly people, which it remained until 1994.
See also
Triangle railway station
Villages in West Yorkshire
Philip Stephen Gorski is an American sociologist, interested in both the sociology of religion and historical sociology.
Career
Gorski gained an A.A. from Deep Springs College in 1983, his B.A. from Harvard in 1986. and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1996. His advisor was sociologist of religion Robert Neelly Bellah. He worked at the University of Wisconsin, Madison from 1996 until joining Yale University in 2007, where he is co-director of the Center for Comparative Research alongside Julia Adams.
Gorski has authored or co-authored three books, edited or co-edited three books, and published numerous articles. He was one of the editors of the journal Sociological Theory. In 2011 he was awarded the Lewis A. Coser Memorial Award for Theoretical Agenda Setting by the Theory Section of the American Sociological Association.
The Disciplinary Revolution
In his 2003 book, The Disciplinary Revolution: Calvinism and the Rise of the State in Early Modern Europe, Gorski offers a new explanation for the rise of a strong, centralized nation-state in certain areas of Europe in early Modernity, when other areas were not so successful. Gorski rejects two of the dominant explanations, which are the bellicist explanation, which sees military growth as key to the emergence of strong states, and the neo-Marxist explanation, which sees economic factors as key to the explanation. Instead, Gorski points to the strong influence of religion in the formation of strong states. Specifically, Gorski sees Calvinism as crucial to the emergence of the Netherlands and Prussia as strong, centralized states, because of its emphasis on discipline and public order.
The effects of Calvinism could be seen in social welfare, crime rates, in education, in military effectiveness, in financial responsibility, and many other parts of Dutch and Prussian social life, all of which increased their ability to form bureaucratic states. Where in the Netherlands the effect of Calvinism was from the ground upward, as most of its population was indeed Calvinist, in Prussia—where most of the population was Lutheran and only the royal house was Calvinist—the effect was from the rulers downward (to some extent through the Pietist Lutheran movement, which was influenced by Calvinism).
Influence of white Christian nationalism
With co-author, Samuel L. Perry, in 2022, Gorski traced a history of white Christian nationalism from the late seventeenth century to contemporary times, in order to demonstrate its previously unrealized influence upon democracy, violence, responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, the USA election of 2020, and the 2021 insurrection at the USA Capitol in Washington, D.C. The thesis of the book, The Flag and the Cross: White Christian Nationalism and the Threat to American Democracy, is that the ethno-nationalism of white Christian nationalism works in concert with Christian libertarianism by combining white Christian nationalism with white Christian individualism and, that recognition of that influence is supported by data published contemporaneously. The extent of the threat to American democracy is examined.
Books
Philip S. Gorski and Samuel L. Perry, "The Flag and the Cross: White Christian Nationalism and the Threat to American Democracy", (Oxford University Press, 2022), with a foreword by Jemar Tisby
Philip S. Gorski, "American Babylon: Christianity and Democracy Before and After Trump", (London: Routledge, 2020)
Philip S. Gorski, "American Covenant: A History of Civil Religion from the Puritans to the Present" (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2017)
Philip S. Gorski, (ed.), Bourdieusian Theory and Historical Analysis (Durham, North Carolina: Duke University Press, 2013)
Philip S. Gorski, David Kyuman Kim, John Torpey, and Jonathan VanAntwerpen (eds.), The Post-Secular In Question (New York: NYU Press, 2012)
Philip S. Gorski, The Protestant Ethic Revisited (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 2011)
Philip S. Gorski, Charles Camic, and David Trubek (eds.), Max Weber's Economy and Society: A Critical Companion (Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 2005)
Philip S. Gorski, The Disciplinary Revolution: Calvinism, Confessionalism and the Growth of State Power in Early Modern Europe (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2003)
Andrei S. Markovits, and Philip S. Gorski, The German Left: Red, Green and Beyond (New York and Cambridge: Oxford University Press and Polity Press, 1993)
References
American sociologists
Yale University faculty
Harvard University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Deep Springs College alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hesar Mehtar () may refer to:
Hesar Mehtar, Pakdasht
Hesar Mehtar, Robat Karim
Osman Kocaoğlu (Polat Usmon Khodzhayev) was the first president (Chairmen of the Presidium of the Central Executive Committee) of the former Bukharan People's Soviet Republic. Although his name was romanized as Polat Usman Khodzhayev in Russian, he spent most of his life in Turkey and Osman Kocaoğlu is the name he assumed in Turkey.
Life
He was born 1878. His father was an itinerant dealer and during his youth he travelled with his father around Bukhara. Although his early training was in madrasa, he later on chose modern education. He was under the influence of Jadid and Yaş Bukhara movement (modernists). He founded a school. In 1918 he was one of the leaders of Yaş Bukhara movement. Bukhara Khanate was a vassal state of the Russian Empire. During Russian Revolution Yaş Bukhara movement in which both the nationalists and the Bolsheviks participated, tried to depose Alim Khan. But they were not successful. Following a split in the movement they finally deposed Alim Khan in 1920. On 23 September 1921 Osman Kocaoğlu was elected as the president of the Bukharan People's Soviet Republic. But his term was short. He was sent to eastern Bukhara and started to collaborate with the Basmachi movement.
The Bolsheviks became aware of his supporting the Basmachi movement and his term ended on 12 April 1922. He fled Bukhara and in Afghanistan, on behalf of the Bukharan SSR, he signed an agreement with Amanullah Khan and the Emirate of Afghanistan on a joint fight against Bolshevik Russia. In Afghanistan, he tried to buy weapons from various countries for the army of the Bukhara Republic and opponents of the Bolsheviks, and in particular contacted representatives of the British Empire. After a while, he finally emigrated to Afghanistan, and became one of the leaders of emigrants and refugees from the former Emirate of Bukhara and the rest of Central Asia. He travelled to Turkey in 1923.
Later life
According to some accounts during his brief service in Bukhara Republic, he was instrumental in supporting the Turkish War of Independence (1919-1922) financially, using the funds of an historical treasure of the Bukhara. This aid was delivered by the Soviet government. However beginning by his stay in Turkey, he abandoned politics and concentrated on historiography. He wrote in the bulletin Yeni Turkistan ("New Turkestan") published bu Zeki Velidi Togan. During the Second World War he travelled to Poland and Iran. After the war he returned to Turkey and died in 1968.
He was laid to rest in Üsküdar, a part of Anatolian İstanbul.
References
Bukharan People's Soviet Republic
Presidents by former country
1878 births
1968 deaths
People from Bukhara Region
Willard Merrill "Pete" Pederson (October 28, 1910 – September 8, 1982) was an American college football and basketball coach as well as professional basketball player. Professionally, he played in the National Basketball League for the Oshkosh All-Stars and Toledo Jim White Chevrolets and averaged 3.1 points per game for his career. In 1939–40 he served as player-coach for the All-Stars before resuming full-time head coaching duties in 1940–41. His collegiate basketball coaching experience includes a stint at his alma mater, Western State College of Colorado—now known as Western State Colorado University, from 1935 to 1939.
Pederson played football at Western State in addition to basketball. In his post-professional basketball life, he became the head football coach for University of Mount Union, Marshall University, and Western State.
Head coaching record
College football
References
1910 births
1982 deaths
American men's basketball players
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Basketball coaches from Colorado
Basketball players from Colorado
Centers (basketball)
Forwards (basketball)
Marshall Thundering Herd football coaches
Mount Union Purple Raiders football coaches
Mount Union Purple Raiders men's basketball coaches
Oshkosh All-Stars players
People from San Luis Obispo County, California
Players of American football from Colorado
Sportspeople from Pueblo, Colorado
Toledo Jim White Chevrolets players
Western Colorado Mountaineers football coaches
Western Colorado Mountaineers football players
Western Colorado Mountaineers men's basketball coaches
Western Colorado Mountaineers men's basketball players
Recipients of the Silver Star
The Judiciary Reform Commission (KRSS) is a commission set up in Kyrgyzstan to examine the “Basic directions of judiciary reform in the Kyrgyz Republic” with a view to setting out a reform package to be implemented before 2016. The chairman of the group is Omurbek Tekebayev.
References
Politics of Kyrgyzstan
Political organisations based in Kyrgyzstan
Judiciary of Kyrgyzstan
Umetbayevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Bilyalovsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 535 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Umetbayevo is located 73 km north of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Baymurzino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
This is a list of Castles and other such fortifications and palaces or country homes in Germany. Included are castles (), forts (), palaces (), country or stately homes and manors, and even follies.
Use
See also
List of castles in the Eifel
Germany
Thomas "Tom" Bruce Domres (October 19, 1946November 8, 1999) was a professional American football defensive tackle in the American Football League (1968–1970) and the National Football League (1970–1972). Born in Marshfield, Wisconsin, he played for the Houston Oilers (1968–1971) and the Denver Broncos (1971–1972). He played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
See also
Other American Football League players
References
External links
1946 births
1999 deaths
People from Marshfield, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
American football defensive tackles
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Houston Oilers players
Denver Broncos players
American Football League players
In the mathematics of infinite graphs, an unfriendly partition or majority coloring is a partition of the vertices of the graph into disjoint subsets, so that every vertex has at least as many neighbors in other sets as it has in its own set. It is a generalization of the concept of a maximum cut for finite graphs, which is automatically an unfriendly partition. (If not, a vertex with more neighbors in its own set could be moved to the other set, increasing the number of cut edges.) The unfriendly partition conjecture is an unsolved problem asking whether every countable graph has an unfriendly partition into two subsets.
Robert H. Cowan and William R. Emerson, in unpublished work, conjectured that every infinite graph has an unfriendly partition into two subsets. However, Saharon Shelah and Eric Charles Milner disproved the conjecture, showing that uncountable graphs might not have two-subset unfriendly partitions. Nevertheless, they showed that an unfriendly partition into three subsets always exists.
Among countable graphs, the existence of a two-subset unfriendly partition is known for the following special cases:
Graphs that have finitely many vertices of infinite degree
Graphs in which all vertices have infinite degree, by an argument using the back-and-forth method
Graphs with no end
Graphs without a subdivision of an infinite clique
The case for arbitrary countable graphs remains open.
References
Graph theory objects
Infinite graphs
Unsolved problems in graph theory
The 2022 European Fencing Championships was a fencing competition that took place from 17 to 22 June 2022 in Antalya, Turkey.
Schedule
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
Medal table
Results
Men
Foil individual
Épée individual
Sabre individual
Foil team
Épée team
Sabre team
Women
Foil individual
Épée individual
Sabre individual
Foil team
Épée team
Sabre team
References
External links
Official website
European Fencing Championships
European Fencing Championships
International fencing competitions hosted by Turkey
European Fencing Championships
European Fencing Championships
Fencing
2020s in Antalya
The plumbeous sierra finch (Geospizopsis unicolor) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and pastureland.
References
External links
Image at ADW
plumbeous sierra finch
Birds of the Andes
plumbeous sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Head for the Door is the third studio album by American rock band The Exies. It was released on November 30, 2004.
"Ugly" would prove to be the album's first single and found notable airplay upon release. The song's chorus utilizes an easily recognizable power chord structure and was also used as the theme song for WWE Survivor Series 2004.
"Hey You" was included as a cover by WaveGroup Sound in the first two Guitar Hero games (the latter as DLC) and would later appear as a master recording in Guitar Hero Smash Hits.
"Slow Drain" was featured in NFL Street 2.
"What You Deserve" is included in the soundtrack of Juiced.
Track listing
All songs composed by The Exies, except track 10, which is composed by The Exies and Nick Raskulinecz.
Personnel
Musical
Scott Stevens – vocals, guitar
David Walsh – guitar
Freddy Herrera – bass guitar
Dennis Wolfe – drums
Technical
Nick Raskulinecz – producer, engineer
Matt Serletic – executive producer
Christopher Wade Damerst – programming, loops
Dean Serletic – A&R
Mike Terry – engineer, digital editing
Travis Huff – engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Joe Barresi – mixing
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Randy Staub – mixing
Bobby Schneck – guitar technician
John Nicholson – drum technician
Andrew Alekel – assistant
Keith Armstrong – assistant
Paul Figueroa – assistant
June Murakawa – assistant
German Villacorta – assistant
Liza Lowinger – art coordinator
Jeff Garner – photography
Chapman Baehler – photography
Alastair Thain – cover photo
P. R. Brown – package design
References
2004 albums
The Exies albums
Virgin Records albums
Albums produced by Nick Raskulinecz
This is a list of High Sheriffs of Brecknockshire or Breconshire.
The office of High Sheriff of Brecknockshire was established in 1535 since when a High Sheriff was appointed annually by the Queen until 1974 when the office was merged into that of High Sheriff of Powys as part of the creation of Powys from the amalgamation of Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire and Brecknockshire. The Office of High Sheriff remained first in precedence in the County until the reign of Edward VII when an Order in Council in 1908 gave the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire the prime Office under the Crown as the Sovereign's personal representative.
List of sheriffs
17th century
18th century
19th century
20th century
References
Brecknockshire
Brecknockshire
She's a Fox is a 2009 semi-autobiographical short film written and directed by Cameron Sawyer. It stars Jake Nutty and Academy Award nominee Hailee Steinfeld. The story follows sixth grader Cameron Sawyer as he pursues the most popular girl in his elementary school.
Plot
Sixth grader Cameron Sawyer is a member of a gang of "bad boys" who constantly terrorize the other kids at their school. Though Cameron acts tough in front of his friends, he has a crush on Talia Alden, a classmate who has been dating a boy named Jake Magnum since second grade. After being ignored by Talia, Cameron decides to leave his gang and abandon his mullet in pursuit of Talia. After some time trying to get Talia to notice him, Cameron wins the school "Fun Run", beating Jake and gaining her attention.
At a party, Cameron is asked what he thinks of Talia. After praying to God for guidance, he finally says, "She's a fox". Talia and Cameron begin to date, and their first kiss is captured in a photo booth. One day Cameron, Talia, and their friends are running when they are ambushed by Cameron's old gang, led by his former best friend Mitch. The gang eggs Cameron and his friends. While he tries to stand up to Mitch, Cameron is immediately defeated.
After the confrontation, Talia breaks up with Cameron. He goes to her house to talk to her, but leaves when he finds her with Jake. The film ends with Cameron biking away while "Love Hurts" by Nazareth plays.
Cast
Jake Nutty – Cameron Sawyer
Hailee Steinfeld – Talia Alden
Anthony Matthew Scott – Mitch Fallin
Troy Romzek – Jake Magnum
Stephanie Drapeau – Mrs. Woodhouse
Cameron Sawyer – Himself/Narrator
Erin Sossamon – Amber McMillan
Katrina Johnson - School Girl
Reception
She's a Fox was an Official Selection in numerous film festivals throughout the United States and internationally, most notably the Cannes Short Film Corner, Heartland Film Festival, Edinburgh International Film Festival, Cleveland International Film Festival and the Academy-accredited LA Shorts Fest. Received well by jurists and audiences alike, the film has received a number of awards.
Awards
References
External links
Official website
2009 short films
2009 films
2000s English-language films
St. Lina or Ste-Lina in French, is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the County of St. Paul No. 19. It is home of St. Lina Community Hall. It is located approximately north of Highway 28 and southwest of Cold Lake.
History
On 20 August 1856 Father Malsonneuve set out with four men to open a trail from Lac La Biche by way of Sugden, Ste-Lina and St-Vincent. None of these hamlets were named at the time. The trail soon became a route for the hauling of supplies to northern points on the Athabasca River.
The trail wended its way passing east of the present hamlet of Mallaig. The Lac La Biche trail wends its way in a north-westerly direction past a farm owned in 1978 by W. Christensen and north to cross a creek just east of Ste-Lina. A camp was set up for travellers and to water horses before proceeding further.
As white settlers traveled this part of Canada and relayed information back East of the furs and timber in the area, the population grew. Surveyors mapped out the land, and it was opened to homesteaders for a nominal fee of $10.00 with certain requirements. St. Lina was named and became a hamlet as well as Goodridge, Beaver River, Sugden, Boyne Lake, McRae and Ashmont.
Climate
Demographics
St. Lina recorded a population of 24 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of St. Paul No. 19
Lotus is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Kellyn George is from Dominica and in 2013 created a support foundation to help people with sickle cell anemia in her homeland. In 2015, she was awarded Queen's Young Leader Award for her activism in changing the lives of people in her community.
Biography
Kellyn George is a Dominican from the village of Mahaut. In 2006 she earned a double associate degree from Dominica State College in chemistry and biology and went on to study at Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas, from 2006 to 2008. From 2008 to 2010, George studied biology at Barry University and in 2011 her research team was the first-place winner of the Biology S.T.E.M. (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) Award at the 3rd Annual S.T.E.M. Research Symposium, for their work on the "effect of embryonic ethanol exposure on zebrafish cranial motor neuron development".
Completing her studies, George returned to Dominica where she worked with the Commonwealth of Dominica on their Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) Electronic Government for Regional Integration Project (E-GRIP) in 2012. At the end of 2013, George took a research officer's position at the Livestock Development Unit of the Ministry of Agriculture.
In January 2013, George founded an NGO called the Sickle Cell Cares Foundation to provide information and education about Sickle Cell Disease in Dominica. George, who serves as director of the organization, recognized the need for additional support because she has had the disease all her life and statistics show that 35% of the citizens of the island have the disease.
In January 2015, George was named as one of the winners of the inaugural Queen's Young Leaders Award for 2014 for her work in improving the lives of her fellow citizens. The awards were bestowed in June 2015.
References
External links
Sickle Cell Cares Foundation
Living people
Recipients of the Queen's Young Leader Award
Dominica activists
Midwestern State University alumni
Barry University alumni
Dominica scientists
Dominica women scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joshipur is Rural Municipality in Kailali District of Sudurpashchim Province established by merging Bauniya and Joshipur two existing village development committees. Joshipur lies 75 km east of Dhangadhi and 61 3 km west of the capital, Kathmandu. It is surrounded by Lamki Chuha Municipality , Tikapur Municipality and Janaki Rural Municipality in the East , Ghodaghodi Municipality and Bhajani Municipality in the West , Bardagoriya Rural Municipality in the North and Bhajani Municipality in the South .
Temples
Ram Janaki Mandir, Jabahi
Shree Someswarnath Mandir, Badhariya
Shree Baneshwar baba sibha Mandir Dham, Bani
See also
Sudurpashchim Province
Kailali District
Lamki Chuha Municipality
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Rural municipalities in Kailali District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Frédéric Lemoine (born 27 June 1965) is a French businessman. He was Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board from April 2009 until December 2017.
He was a member of the Supervisory Board of Wendel from June 2008 to April 2009. Since April 2009, he has been a board member of Saint-Gobain. Since January 2011, he has been a board member of Insead. Since 2014, he has been a board member of Orchestre à l'Ecole.
Early life and education
Lemoine graduated from HEC Paris in 1986 and Sciences Po in 1987. He holds a law degree and is a graduate of École nationale d'administration (Victor Hugo promotion).
Career in the public sector
From 1995 to 1997, Lemoine served as deputy chief of staff of the Minister of Labor and Social Affairs Jacques Barrot in the government of Prime Minister Alain Juppé, in charge of coordinating reform of the national health insurance system and hospital reform. At the same time he was a chargé de mission with the Secretary of State for Healthcare and the National Health Insurance system Hervé Gaymard.
From May 2002 to June 2004, Lemoine was deputy General Secretary of the French Presidency with President Jacques Chirac, in charge of economic and financial affairs and other areas.
In 1992 and 1993, Lemoine headed the Institut du Coeur of Hô Chi Minh-City, in Vietnam, for a year. From 2004 to May 2011, he was General Secretary of the Fondation Alain Carpentier, which supports this hospital.
Career in the private sector
From 1998 to 2002, Lemoine was delegated CEO, then CFO of Capgemini, and then Group VP in charge of finance of Capgemini Ernst & Young.
From October 2004 to May 2008, Lemoine was Senior Advisor to McKinsey. Since April 2009, he has been a board member of Saint-Gobain.
After the family controlled private equity group Wendel parted company with its chief executive Jean-Bernard Lafonta in 2009, Lemoine was appointed as his successor. He served in this position from April 2009 to December 2017.
Ahead of the 2022 presidential elections, Lemoine publicly declared his support for Valérie Pécresse as the Republicans' candidate and joined her campaign team.
Other activities
Corporate boards
Lauxera Capital Partners, Special Advisor (since 2020)
Constantia Flexibles, Chairman of the Supervisory Board
Bureau Veritas, Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors (2009-2013, 2017), Chairman of the Board of Directors (2013-2017)
Flamel Technologies, Member of the Board of Directors (2005-2017)
Groupama SA, Member of the Board of Directors (2005-2012)
Legrand, Member of the Board of Directors (2009-2013)
Générale de Santé, Member of the Supervisory Board (2006-2009)
Areva, Chairman of the Advisory Board (2005-2009)
McKinsey, Special Advisor (2004–2008)
Non-profit organizations
Alliance for International Medical Action (ALIMA), Member of the Board (since 2018)
INSEAD, Member of the Board (since 2011)
Trilateral Commission, Member of the European Group
Paris Europlace, Member of the Board of Directors
Fondation Alain Carpentier, Secretary General (2004-2013)
Recognition
Lemoine is a Knight of the National Order of Merit and a Knight of the Legion of Honour.
External links
Frédéric Lemoine's profile on Forbes.com
Frédéric Lemoine's executive profile and biography on Bloomberg BusinessWeek
"Wendel completes the largest exit of the year: new chief Lemoine oversees €630m sale of Oranje-Nassau oil arm", European Venture Capital Journal - June 1, 2009
"Wendel set to rejoin hunt for acquisitions", Financial Times - November 3, 2009
"Wendel Posts Jump in Asset Value on Saint-Gobain, Bureau Veritas", Bloomberg - December 2, 2010
"Frédéric Lemoine, privatisé" (Radio BFM - August 26, 2010)
Interview: Frédéric Lemoine, Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board, comments on the Group's Investor Day and discusses its strategy for 2010 - December 4, 2009
Interview: Frédéric Lemoine, Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board, comments on the Group's Investor Day and discusses its strategy for 2012 – December 2, 2011
Interview of Frédéric Lemoine with the Financial Times: "Wendel on European acquisition hunt" - February 13, 2012
Interview: Frédéric Lemoine, Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board, comments on 2012 first halt results - September 3, 2012
Interview: Frederic Lemoine, Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board on BFM TV - September 28th, 2013
A French group Wendel to conquer Africa, July 25th, 2013
Interview with Chairman of Wendel's Executive Board, Frédéric Lemoine for Wendel 2013 full year results, March, 28th, 2014
References
1965 births
Living people
French chief executives
Lycée Louis-le-Grand alumni
HEC Paris alumni
Sciences Po alumni
École nationale d'administration alumni
People from Neuilly-sur-Seine
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
The Portrait of Isabella d'Este is a drawing (and possible painting) by Leonardo da Vinci which was executed between 1499 and 1500. It depicts Isabella d'Este, Marchioness of Mantua. During the Italian Wars of 1499–1504, the French invaded Italy which caused Leonardo to flee from Milan toward Mantua. There he had met Isabella, where she commissioned her portrait from him. Whether Leonardo completed the portrait is unknown. There is evidence through letters of the time that he held a fully completed painting of her but they are vague in describing it. It is possible that the painting was lost to time or that it was in fact never completed at all. A version of the portrait in oils on canvas was found in a collection in Switzerland in 2015 but it has yet to be verified.
See also
Portrait of Isabella d'Este (Titian)
References
External links
Drawings by Leonardo da Vinci
Drawings of the Louvre
PANIC at Multiverse High! is a parody visual novel/otome game in the vein of Hatoful Boyfriend - meant to be a humorous game with bizarre characters, gently mocking the "high school romance" trope.
Gameplay
The goal of the game is to build up both your stats and your relationship with your club-mates so that you can become close friends with one, ask them to go to Prom with you, and face down Chad, your rival, at last.
The game divides the player's attributes into three - Cool, Nice, Tough - and various decisions throughout the game, such as on the weekends or in classes, influences this rating. While the player is never told the level of attributes precisely, they can ask the mysterious lunch server, the Collector, to give them a relative understanding of how high each one is.
There are six clubs to choose from divided between AM clubs - Sports, Study Hall, and Music - and PM clubs - Art, Drama, and Magic. Choice of club determines the possible friends the player will have access to. (The player is not allowed to switch clubs once they have been chosen) There are three characters in each club - one for each of the attributes the player can raise. Club sessions appear at various points throughout the year, as well as school-based events and holiday festivals. The player can gain points with characters by picking a selection they like in club sessions, or selecting them in events/festivals.
If the player raises an associated attribute high enough and interacts with a character enough, they'll be given an opportunity to invite them over to their house. Once there, the character will ask the player a question: sometimes, this will be harmless, and will result in the player and character becoming friends no matter what - but prouder or more abrasive characters may entirely break off a potential friendship if the player gives the wrong response.
Development and release
The game was announced in PC Gamer a day before its release on Steam, along with details on the second game it was meant to raise funds for - PANIC in the Multiverse!. A widescreen update later on also released the game on Google Play, making it available on Android systems like phones and tablets.
The music was composed by Lena "Raine" Chappelle.
PANIC in the Multiverse!
PANIC in the Multiverse! is meant to be the second game in DoubleBear Productions PANIC series.
The gameplay has been described as "tug-of-war" style and influenced by JRPG combat, and involves gathering a selection of heroes with unique skills to fight back against the game's main villain, "King Sha'art".
No release date has yet been given for the project.
References
External links
PANIC at Multiverse High! - Steam Page
- Google Play listing
official soundtrack by Lena Raine
2016 video games
Android (operating system) games
Indie video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Lena Raine
Windows games
Otome games
Visual novels
Ren'Py games
Iván Ramírez (born 8 December 1994) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a right-back for Central Córdoba SdE.
External links
References
1994 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Paraguay under-20 international footballers
Footballers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Paraguay
Club Libertad footballers
Deportivo Santaní players
Club Rubio Ñu footballers
Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba footballers
Club Guaraní players
Central Córdoba de Santiago del Estero footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Paraguayan Primera División players
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
The Hsinchu County Council (HCC; ) is the elected county council of Hsinchu County, Republic of China. The council composes of 35 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
History
The council was originally established on 14 April 1946 in Taoyuan at Wudedian Hall. It was then soon dissolved on 23 January 1951. The first members of the council was elected on 7 January 1951 and was shown on 23 January 1951. The temporary office for the council was at the east room of the Hsinchu County Government building (the present-day Hsinchu City Hall). On 28 October 1989, the county council moved from Hsinchu City to Zhubei City in Hsinchu County.
The 18th county council
Since the local elections in 2014, the Council was composed as follows:
Current composition
Since the local elections in 2018, the Council was composed as follows:
Organization
Administration
Personnel Room
Accounting Room
Legal Affairs Room
General Affairs Room
Council Session Room
Secretary
Reviewing board
First Review Meeting
Second Review Meeting
Third Review Meeting
Fourth Review Meeting
Fifth Review Meeting
Procedural Committee
Disciplinary Committee
Joint Review Board
Task Force
See also
Hsinchu County Government
References
External links
1946 establishments in Taiwan
County councils of Taiwan
Hsinchu County
Organizations established in 1946
KfarAabida is a village located south of Batroun in the Batroun District of the North Governorate in Lebanon.
References
External links
Batroun
Mediterranean port cities and towns in Lebanon
Populated coastal places in Lebanon
Batroun
Archaeological sites in Lebanon
Heavy Neolithic sites
Neolithic settlements
Maronite Christian communities in Lebanon
Raymond Lee Orbach (born 1934) is an American physicist and administrator. He served as Under Secretary for Science in the United States Department of Energy from 2006 until 2009, when he was replaced by Steven E. Koonin. Until his resignation in December 2012, in the wake of a conflict-of-interest controversy involving the geologist Charles G. Groat, Orbach was Director of the Energy Institute at the University of Texas at Austin.
Orbach received a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from the California Institute of Technology in 1956 and a Ph.D. degree in Physics from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1960. Orbach began his academic career as a postdoctoral fellow at Oxford University in 1960 and became an assistant professor of applied physics at Harvard University in 1961. He joined the faculty of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) two years later as an associate professor, and became a full professor in 1966.
Orbach's research in theoretical and experimental physics has resulted in the publication of more than 240 scientific articles, and he is a fellow of the American Physical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
From 1982 to 1992, he served as the Provost of the College of Letters and Science at UCLA, and from 1992 to 2002 as Chancellor of the University of California, Riverside.
From March 14, 2002 until mid-2009, Orbach was Director of the Office of Science at the Department of Energy, making him the highest ranking science policy administrator within the DOE. After June 1, 2006, he was the first Under Secretary for Science, for which President George W. Bush nominated him after the position was created by the Energy Policy Act of 2005.
On August 1, 2009 he became the founding director of the Energy Institute at the University of Texas at Austin. He resigned November 30, 2012 in response to a report critical of the Energy Institute's handling of potential conflicts of interest.
On November 3, 2009, the Science Library at the University of California, Riverside was renamed Orbach Library in honor of Orbach.
Orbach was born in Los Angeles, California.
References
External links
Energy Institute bio page
External links
1934 births
Living people
University of California, Riverside alumni
Harvard University faculty
Chancellors of the University of California, Riverside
21st-century American physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Deoxynucleotidyltransferase terminal-interacting protein 2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the DNTTIP2 gene.
Interactions
DNTTIP2 has been shown to interact with Estrogen receptor alpha.
References
Further reading
Another Country is a play written by English playwright Julian Mitchell. It premiered on 5 November 1981 at the Greenwich Theatre, London.
The play won the Society of West End Theatre Awards Play of the Year title for 1982. The play takes its title from a lyric in the British patriotic hymn "I Vow to Thee, My Country." It has been described as a "hit play", and that "in the theatre business the play is a legend, having launched the careers of several pimply actors in their very first jobs, including Kenneth Branagh, Rupert Everett, Daniel Day-Lewis and Colin Firth."
Plot synopsis
Another Country is loosely based on the life of the spy Guy Burgess, renamed "Guy Bennett" in the play. It examines the effect the persecution of his orientation, and exposure to Marxism, has on his life, and the hypocrisy and snobbery of the English public school he attends. The setting is a 1930s public school where pupils Guy Bennett and Tommy Judd become friends because they are both outsiders. Bennett is gay, while Judd is a Marxist. Judd was based on John Cornford, who died fighting in the Spanish Civil War."
The play opens with the discovery that a pupil named Martineau has hanged himself after being caught by a teacher having sex with another boy. The first act follows the reaction of some of the students to his death as the senior boys try to keep the scandal away from both the parents and the outside world. Barclay, the Head of Gascoigne's House, moves towards a nervous breakdown, blaming himself for the boy's despair. Bennett, the only openly gay member of the school, pretends nonchalance but is deeply troubled by the suicide. His best friend Judd, the school's only Marxist, believes the death is a symptom of the school's oppressive regime. When the parents of the aristocratic Devenish threaten to remove him from the school in light of the scandal, Fowler (a prefect) attempts to crack down on the perceived perversion in his House, and to persecute Bennett in particular. The other students initially defend Bennett's provocative and incendiary behaviour (partly due to Bennett's ability to blackmail them with knowledge of their own same-sex trysts). Meanwhile, Judd is reluctant to become a member of the school's exclusive 'Twenty-Two' society (a name which references Eton's 'Pop') himself. This is because he feels that this would endorse the school's system of oppression. However, he agrees to do so – after much pressure from his peers Menzies and Bennett – in the hope of preventing the hated Fowler from becoming Head of House in the wake of the Martineau scandal. But in the end, Judd's moral sacrifice is for nothing. In the second act, Fowler intercepts a letter from Bennett to his lover Harcourt, and Bennett's supporters fade away. Bennett is beaten, Judd is humiliated, and it is Devenish who is ultimately invited to join 'Twenty-Two' in the place of Bennett, shattering Bennett's childhood dream.
In the play's closing scene, Bennett and Judd recognise that the school's illusory hold upon them has been broken and that the British class system relies strongly on outward appearances. They begin to contemplate life anew, inspired by the example of Devenish's rebellious uncle, Vaughan Cunningham (who, in a subplot, visits the school). Bennett picks up Judd's copy of Das Kapital, and muses, 'Wouldn't it be wonderful if all this was true?'
Productions
The original 1981 Greenwich Theatre production featured Rupert Everett as Guy Bennett and Joshua Le Touzel as Tommy Judd. The other cast members being Devenish Piers Flint-Shipman, Menzies David Parfitt, Fowler Michael Parkhouse, Sanderson Christopher Villiers, Barclay Matthew Solon, Delahay Simon Dutton, Wharton Gary Carp, and Vaughan Cunningham David Wiliam. Upon transferring to the Queen's Theatre in the West End in March 1982, where Kenneth Branagh took the role of Judd and after the first six months, Daniel Day-Lewis took over the role of Guy Bennett, and in 1983 the role of Guy Bennett was played by Colin Firth.
The play won the Society of West End Theatre Awards Play of the Year title for 1982.
The play has developed a strong connection with Oxford Playhouse, which revived it in 2000 in a new production directed by Stephen Henry (transferred to the Arts Theatre, Westminster, from September 2000 until January 2001). It was revived again at Oxford Playhouse in February 2013 by OUDS-supported University of Oxford student company Screw the Looking Glass.
In September 2013, a co-production of Theatre Royal, Bath and Chichester Festival Theatre, directed by Jeremy Herrin, transferred to London's Trafalgar Studios in 2014. That production featured Rob Callender and Will Attenborough as Guy and Tommy, respectively.
Adaptations
In 1984, the play was adapted into a movie directed by Marek Kanievska and starring Rupert Everett as Guy Bennett and Colin Firth as Tommy Judd. The film also starred Michael Jenn (Barclay), Robert Addie (Delahay), Rupert Wainwright (Donald Devenish), Tristan Oliver (Fowler), Cary Elwes (James Harcourt), Piers Flint-Shipman (Menzies) and Anna Massey (Imogen Bennett).
The play was adapted for radio and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 Extra on 26 May 2013 as part of BBC Radio 4 Extras Cambridge Spies season, starring Tom Hiddleston as Tommy Judd.
References
Plays by Julian Mitchell
Plays based on real people
Plays set in the United Kingdom
Plays set in the 1930s
Cultural depictions of the Cambridge Five
LGBT-related plays
Laurence Olivier Award-winning plays
British plays adapted into films
ru:Другая страна (фильм)
Radical 52 or radical short thread () meaning "" or "" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 50 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 59th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Variant forms
There is a design nuance in different printing typefaces for this radical. While the character is always written in 3 strokes, in traditional typefaces, the first and the second turning strokes are broken into two respectively to adapt to the carving of movable type systems, and usually there is a gap between the first and the second strokes. Currently, in both Simplified Chinese and Traditional Chinese, the discontinuous turning strokes in standard printing fonts are merged into one to imitate its handwriting form, though the traditional printing form is still widely used in Traditional Chinese publication. The traditional form remains standard in modern Japanese and Korean printing typefaces.
This difference exists only in printing typefaces, not in any handwriting form.
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5E7A
052
059
Do Re Mi may refer to:
Solfège, a system of learning musical scales (commonly: Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Ti)
Film and TV
Do Re Mi (1966 film), a Malaysian comedy film, and two sequels
Do Re Mi (1996 film), a Filipino musical comedy film
Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti Do (film), a 2008 South Korean film
Do-Re-Mi (TV series), a Czech amateur singer contest TV show
Music
Do Re Mi (musical), a 1960 musical by Betty Comden, Adolph Green and Jule Styne
Do-Re-Mi (band), an Australian band
Do-Re-Mi (June Christy and Bob Cooper album), 1961
Do-Re-Mi (EP), a 1982 EP by Australian band Do-Re-Mi
Songs
"Do-Re-Mi", a 1959 song by Rodgers and Hammerstein from the musical and film The Sound of Music
"Do Re Mi" (Woody Guthrie song), a folksong by American songwriter Woody Guthrie
"Do Re Mi" (Jahn Teigen song), the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983
"Do Re Mi" (Nirvana song), a 1994 song by Nirvana from the 2004 box set, With the Lights Out
"Do Re Mi", a song by Verka Serduchka
"Do Re Mi" (Blackbear song), 2017
See also
Dough Re Mi, an American game show
Doremi Labs, a developer and manufacturer of digital cinema and professional A/V products
Doremi Fasol Latido, a 1972 album by Hawkwind
Ojamajo Doremi, a 2000 anime series
Doremi Harukaze, a character in Ojamajo Doremi
Frank Nelson Wilcox (October 3, 1887 – April 17, 1964) was a modernist American artist and a master of watercolor. Wilcox is described as the "Dean of Cleveland School painters," though some sources give this appellation to Henry Keller or Frederick Gottwald.
Life
Frank Nelson Wilcox, Jr. was born on October 3, 1887, the second of three children to Frank Nelson Wilcox and Jessie Fremont Snow Wilcox at 61 Linwood Street in Cleveland, Ohio. His brother, lawyer and publisher Owen N. Wilcox, was president of the Gates Legal Publishing Company or The Gates Press. His sister Ruth Wilcox was a respected librarian.
Wilcox grew up in Cleveland and frequently visited nearby Brecksville, Ohio, where his family had a farm. While attending Cleveland's Central High School, he took sketch classes from Gottwald at the old Wilson Avenue building of the Cleveland School of Art. His father, a prominent lawyer, died at home in 1904 shortly before Wilcox' 17th birthday.
In 1906 Wilcox enrolled in the Cleveland School of Art under the tutelage of Gottwald, Keller, Louis Rorimer, Horace Potter, and Herman Matzen. He also attended Keller's Berlin Heights summer school beginning in 1909. After graduating in 1910, Wilcox traveled and studied in Europe for a year with his cousin Kenneth Payne. Wilcox preferred sketching and painting outdoors on the streets of Paris to attending classes, but he went often to evening sketch classes at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière. He met a fellow Clevelander, William Zorach (then known as William Finkelstein), at the Louvre. Zorach tried to interest Wilcox in post-impressionism and took him to Académie Colarossi. Wilcox, interested in original research, disliked post-impressionism at the time. In 1911 one of his sketches was accepted for exhibition at the Salon, which led to financial contributions from his father's friends.
On return to Cleveland, Wilcox was disappointed by Keller's reaction to his Paris work. Keller called them "mere colored drawings" and expressed the view that Wilcox should have paid attention to post-impressionism while in France. In August 2011, an exhibition of Wilcox' paintings at the Taylor Galleries was enthusiastically received and helped restore his enthusiasm.
During his second year at Berlin Heights, Keller insisted Wilcox express himself post-impressionistically. He did, and became convinced of its value. The same year Wilcox became acquainted with fellow artist Florence Bard, whom he would later marry. He had been making a little money working at Potter's studio and Cowan Pottery, and now felt the need to earn more and move out on his own. He joined the Cleveland School of Art faculty in 1913. Among his students were Lawrence Edwin Blazey, Carl Gaertner, Paul Travis, Charles E. Burchfield, and Victor Schreckengost.
In his first year of teaching, Wilcox requested the final month off and sailed to Rotterdam, Netherlands in May, 1914. Sketching his way through the Netherlands, Belgium, and Germany in the final days of the Belle Époque, he found himself in Munich when World War I broke out. He left for Antwerp to return home, but had to return to Germany because he could not exchange his money. There the Germans arrested him twice the same day in Cologne on suspicion of espionage. His steamship ticket allowed his release, and he took a train to Rotterdam. Here he caught the last ship for New York. Liege had already fallen.
Wilcox married Bard in 1916, and they spent most of their honeymoon painting in Berlin Heights with Keller. They had one daughter, Mary. In 1918 he joined the Cleveland Society of Artists, a conservative counter to the Bohemian Kokoon Arts Club to which Wilcox also belonged, and would later serve as its president. He also began teaching night school at the John Huntington Polytechnic Institute at this time, and taught briefly during his retirement at Baldwin-Wallace College.
Wilcox traveled and painted extensively throughout his life, but never learned to drive. Affected by palsy in his later years, his hands would shake until his brush touched the paper, then would become steady until the stroke was complete. Wilcox died on April 17, 1964, having taught at the Cleveland School of Art (now Cleveland Institute of Art or CIA) for over 40 years. Today CIA awards an annual scholarship prize in his name to students majoring in printmaking.
Work
Wilcox was influenced by Keller's innovative watercolor techniques, and from 1910 to 1916 they experimented together with impressionism and post-impressionism. Wilcox soon developed his own signature style in the American Scene or Regionalist tradition of the early 20th century.
Wilcox created a large volume of sketches and watercolor paintings during his first two trips to Europe. At this time Wilcox generally preferred to work en plein air, painting over pencil sketches. He viewed his painting of the Tour Saint-Jacques as a major event n his artistic development.The watercolors painted on this European trip were done in color values supported by pencil accents – a method which I stumbled upon and which proved speedy and effective. My very first efforts were disappointing until I hit upon this process augmented by using a white wax pencil as a stop-out for small areas of isolated whiteness. This is the method which I applied to a sketch of the Tour St. Jacques. This handling was the second long stride in my technical development, the first being my use of pencil in the sketch class at the old Wilson Avenue School.Wilcox described having been hired by Matzen to draw the frieze of figures for the base of the Tom L. Johnson statue on the Cleveland public square, unveiled in 1915. The frieze depicts nude figures crawling through the brambles of adversity.
Wilcox taught himself etching and printmaking during his second summer at Berlin Heights, at first using an old clothes wringer to make prints. He went on to make commercial etchings for years. In the 1930s, Cleveland printmarker Kálmán Kubinyi discovered two bushels of Wilcox etchings from which is produced a small edition. Wilcox was one of several Cleveland School artists contributing to Kubinyi's Print-a-Month Club, published by the Cleveland printmakers from 1932-1937.
On trips to Boothbay, Maine with Otto Ege shortly after World War I, Wilcox developed his pure watercolor skills. For these paintings he used bold colors and broad strokes, no longer starting with detailed pencil sketches. Wilcox viewed this work as his next major milestone since Paris.The work I did at Boothbay was the first real step forward for me since my Paris days. One can, after a time, look back and see these milestones of technical and perceptive progress. These sketches were fuller in tone and not dependent upon a linear support to hold them together. I took great pleasure in directly molding the rock formations and contrasting them with fluid skies. Also, the drawing of boats no longer seemed to result in a tightness of treatment.Wilcox painted many outdoor scenes from trips to the Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec, Canada, the deep south, the Rocky Mountains, and particularly Ohio. From his summers at Berlin Heights and throughout his career, Wilcox frequently painted scenes of Ohio, Clevelend, and especially Brecksville. Many of his works depict nostalgic scenes from his youth.
Wilcox wrote and illustrated Ohio Indian Trails in 1933, which was favorably reviewed by The New York Times in 1934. This book was edited and reprinted in 1970 by William A. McGill. McGill also edited and reprinted Wilcox' Canals of the Old Northwest
in 1969.
Wilcox also wrote, illustrated, and published Weather Wisdom in 1949, a limited edition (50 copies) of twenty-four serigraphs (silk screened prints) accompanied by commentary "based upon familiar weather observations commonly made by people living in the country."
In retirement, Wilcox painted a series dubbed "Little-Big" by Norman Kent, editor of American Artist. The Little-Big paintings were largely nostalgic pictures of Ohio's past, in ink and watercolor on paper. The article focuses on the works and artistic style of Frank N. Wilcox, a watercolor painter based in Cleveland, Ohio. He says that he selects his subject based on a response to the most vital visual impressions. Wilcox uses flat, round and pointed sable brushes. He prefers to paint the Ohio landscape and uses several palettes for it including yellow, ochre, cadmium yellow pale and burnt sienna. His works are usually mounted on a 22 by 30 inches paper. Several examples of his paintings are provided.
The Cleveland Museum of Art lists over 40 works by Wilcox in its collection.
One copy of his 1928 etching Fisherman of Percé, Quebec is reposited with the U.S. Library of Congress.
Wilcox displayed over 250 works at Cleveland's annual May Show. He received numerous awards, including the Penton Medal for as The Omnibus, Paris (1920), Fish Tug on Lake Erie (1921), Blacksmith Shop (1922), and The Gravel Pit (1922). Other paintings include The Trailing Fog (1929), Under the Big Top (1930), and Ohio Landscape (1932).
Recent Exhibitions
The Dean: Frank Nelson Wilcox (1887-1964) was an exhibition of over 200 works depicting American scene, Europe, the Northeast Coast, and American west, spanning much of Wilcox's career. The exhibition included works from the Wilcox Estate, and was presented at Wolves Gallery in Cleveland from September 19 through November 30, 2019.
Frank N. Wilcox: Artist as Historian was an exhibition on Wilcox's work relating to the history of Cleveland and its surrounding Ohio environs. Curated by William G. Scheele, with the assistance of the Wilcox Estate, the exhibition ran from November 27, 2015 through April 30, 2016 at the Cleveland History Center in University Circle, Cleveland, Ohio. Wilcox came from a large family with New England ancestry on both sides, all of whom played a significant role in settling Ohio's Western Reserve. The Wilcox and Snow families offered young Frank exposure to both city and country life, which is reflected in his work and in family photographs. A companion gallery illustrated the Wilcox and Snow family history and took a look at Frank Wilcox, the man.
A Buckeye Abroad: Frank Wilcox Paints Paris and Europe was an exhibition of 50 watercolors from Wilcox's first years in France and Europe - paintings that were pivotal in establishing the painter's style. Curated by American Art historian and Case Western Reserve University professor Dr. Henry Adams, the exhibition was presented by Tregoning & Co. in Cleveland from October 19, 2012 to January 5, 2013, and by the Dayton Art Institute in Dayton, Ohio from August 24, 2013 to January 5, 2014. A National Public Radio (NPR) interview on the exhibit and artist is in External Links below.
A Brush with Light: Watercolor Painters of Northeast Ohio was an exhibition featuring works by 25 Cleveland School artists, including Wilcox. Organized by the Cleveland Artists Foundation (now ARTneo), the exhibit ran from April 23 through July 10, 1999 at the Ohio Arts Council's Riffe Gallery. The exhibit catalog included an article by Wilcox titled Essentials of Pictorial Expressionism.
References
External links
National Public Radio (NPR) broadcast of an interview featuring Dee Perry talking with Dr. Henry Adams of CWRU about Frank Wilcox "A Buckeye Abroad" Paris, 1910 -'14.
The Cleveland Museum of Art
The Cleveland Institute of Art
Wilcox, Frank Nelson on Ask ART
Works of Frank Wilcox at Cleveland Public Library
20th-century American painters
American male painters
1887 births
1964 deaths
Cleveland School (arts community)
Cleveland Institute of Art faculty
Cleveland Institute of Art alumni
20th-century American male artists
Beach Guard in Winter () is a 1976 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljević. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Irfan Mensur as Dragan Pasanović
Gordana Kosanović as Ljubica Miladinović
Danilo Stojković as Milovan Pasanović (Dragan's father)
Mira Banjac as Spasenija Pasanović (Dragan's mother)
Dara Čalenić as Dragan's Aunt
Bata Živojinović as Ljubica's Father
Pavle Vuisić as Buda
Ružica Sokić as Widow
Faruk Begolli as Dragan's Friend
Ana Krasojević as Ljubica's Mother
Janez Vrhovec as Orchestra Leader
Dragomir Felba as Chauffeur
Bora Todorović as Petar Dunjić
Dušan Janićijević as Film Director
Milivoje Tomić as Laundry Boss
Stevan Minja as Ljubica's Uncle
Vladan Živković as Gastarbeiter
References
External links
1976 films
1976 drama films
Serbian drama films
Serbo-Croatian-language films
Films directed by Goran Paskaljević
Serbian-language films
Yugoslav drama films
Films set in Yugoslavia
Adnan Gušo (born 30 November 1975) is a Bosnian retired professional football goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach. During his playing career, Gušo played for many clubs across Europe.
Club career
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Born in Sarajevo, Gušo started his career at hometown club Željezničar. He was usually a regular first team choice and in 1998 he won a championship title. Soon he went abroad. After a short spell in Turkish Erzurumspor and Spartak Moscow, he signed a one-year contract with FK Sarajevo in summer 2002. Gušo shortly after went to Romania, where he played for several clubs. While in Bosnia, Gušo won three league titles, one cup and one supercup, all while playing for Željezničar.
Romania
Gušo was signed a three-and-a-half year contract with FC Universitatea Craiova in January 2003, on free transfer.
After the relegation, he signed for FC Dinamo București in summer 2005 where he won the 2005 Romanian Supercup and then in January 2006 he signed a two-year deal with FC Argeş Piteşti.
Cyprus
In January 2008, he moved to Olympiakos Nicosia but left the club the same year.
Return to Željezničar
In 2009, Gušo was named the goalkeeping coach of the first team of Željezničar. In 2011, he came out of retirement and played one more season for the club. He was still in the same time the goalkeeping coach. He won the double that season and once again retired.
International career
Gušo made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in an October 1999 UEFA Euro qualification match away against Scotland and has earned a total of 22 caps, scoring no goals.
He was not called up to Blaž Slišković's squad for the first four matches of UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying. At that time the first and second choice goalkeepers were Kenan Hasagić and Almir Tolja. Due to Fuad Muzurović's appointment as head coach, both were dropped and Gušo played the remaining 8 games as first choice. His final international was a November 2007 UEFA Euro qualification match against Turkey.
Coaching career
Gušo started his goalkeeping coach career in 2009 after finishing his career. He was appointed as a goalkeeper coach at Željezničar after Amar Osim was named manager. After 2 years as coach, Gušo paused his coaching career so that he could come out of retirement to once again be a player at Željezničar for one season.
In 2016, 4 years after finishing his playing career for a second time, he went back to coaching as he was appointed as the goalkeeper coach of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
In July 2018, almost a year after leaving the national team, Gušo became the goalkeeper coach in the Youth Academy of Željezničar.
On 3 January 2019, he left the Youth Academy to once again become the goalkeeper coach in the first team of Željezničar after negotiations with Amar Osim who was in late December 2018 for a third time in his managerial career appointed as the manager of the club. In the middle of a seven game winless run in the 2020–21 league season, on 5 April 2021, Gušo decided to leave Osim's first team coaching staff and returned to Željezničar's Youth Academy.
Honours
Player
Željezničar
Bosnian Premier League: 1997–98, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2011–12
Bosnian Cup: 2000–01, 2011–12
Bosnian Supercup: 1998
Dinamo București
Supercupa României: 2005
References
External links
Profile at TFF
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sarajevo
Association football goalkeepers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Željezničar Sarajevo players
Erzurumspor footballers
FC Spartak Moscow players
FK Sarajevo players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
FC Dinamo București players
FC Argeș Pitești players
CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Süper Lig players
Liga I players
Cypriot First Division players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Association football goalkeeping coaches
Borj () is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,429, in 335 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The brown-winged parrotbill (Sinosuthora brunnea) is a parrotbill often placed with the Old World babblers (family Timaliidae) or in the Sylviidae, but it actually seems to belong to the distinct family Paradoxornithidae.
It is found in China and Myanmar.
References
Further reading
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
brown-winged parrotbill
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Myanmar
brown-winged parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Raja Muhammad Safdar Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
He is brother of Raja Muhammad Asad Khan.
Political career
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-62 (Jhelum-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 51,618 votes and lost the seat to Chaudhry Shahbaz Hussain, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-62 (Jhelum-I) as a candidate of PML-N in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 92,479 votes and defeated Chaudhary Shahbaz Hussain, a candidate of PML-Q.
In 2013, he quit PML-N and joined Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Jhelum District
Pakistan Muslim League (N) MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Politicians from Jhelum
Cash Cab is an American game show that began airing in 2005, on the Discovery Channel, hosted by stand-up comedian Ben Bailey. The original run ended in 2012, but the series was revived in 2017. It moved to Bravo in 2019. It is part of the global Cash Cab franchise that originated in the United Kingdom.
Broadcast history
According to Variety, Discovery Channel initially ordered 40 episodes from Lion Television and taping of the initial run was completed in November 2005 before the show premiered that December. Additional batches of 40 episodes were taped and aired in 2006 and 2007, 80 episodes were taped in 2007 and aired through spring and summer, 40 episodes were taped and aired in 2008 and 2009, and 40 episodes were taped for airing in 2010 and 2011.
On August 8, 2007, Discovery Channel began airing a spin-off edition of the program, Cash Cab: After Dark, in which contestants were picked up near or after sunset as well as overnight and the cash value of the questions was double that of the regular version of the show. The questions were usually more difficult than the daytime version. The spinoff was ended after just nine episodes.
While the show was usually taped in New York City, some episodes of the sixth season were taped in Las Vegas. The seventh season premiered January 5, 2012. On April 18, 2012, it was announced that Cash Cab would end its run.
On March 27, 2017, Discovery announced it was working on episodes that will feature "appearances from notables in comedy, film, and TV". On June 5, 2017, original host Ben Bailey confirmed he would return for a new season. Season 8 premiered on December 4, 2017. Season 9 premiered on July 27, 2018, with a special Shark Week episode to coincide with the 30th anniversary of Shark Week.
On September 19, 2019, it was announced that the series would move to Bravo. Season 10 premiered on October 7, 2019.
Rules
When the potential contestants enter the cab and state their destination, they are made aware that they are in the Cash Cab as ceiling lights and a fanfare plays inside, accompanied by the host's greeting. While the only rules given on-camera after the introduction and before asking "Do you want to play?" pertain to his or her driving and the "three strikes and you're out" rule, the contestants are also informed that once their traveling begins, the cab will not take detours of any kind unless directed by a police officer, stop sign, traffic light or other legal means of diverting traffic. Bailey offers them the chance to get out of the cab if they do not wish to play, and contestants who choose to play the game must stay in the cab until they reach their destination or get three strikes.
For the first season, the first five questions were worth $25 each, the next five questions were worth $50 each, and any question thereafter was worth $100. For the second season, the first four questions were worth $25 each, the next four were worth $50 each, and the ninth and succeeding questions were worth $100. In Cash Cab: After Dark – and beginning with the regular episodes of Season 3 – all of the money values were doubled to $50, $100, and $200.
Each wrong answer earns the contestant(s) a strike. On the third strike, they forfeit all their winnings and Bailey will immediately pull over and kick them out of the cab. Once players have exited the Cash Cab, a camera crew from the trailing production van is already on the street waiting to tape their departure.
Red Light Challenge
When a contestant has won at least $200 or $300 and the cab stops at a red traffic light, Bailey will announce a Red Light Challenge. He reads a question that has multiple correct answers, usually four to seven, and the passenger(s) have 30 seconds to give those answers; they do not always have to give all of the answers. Since there is no penalty for an incorrect answer, giving all the correct answers in the allotted time is worth $250 regardless of how many incorrect answers a contestant might also blurt out along the way. The contestant does not receive the extra money if the 30-second time limit runs out, it is also not counted as a strike, and the contestant does not lose any accumulated money. While only one Red Light Challenge is usually played per game, beginning in Season 4 there are multiple Red Light Challenges during certain games.
Shout-Outs
Contestants have two forms of help known as "Shout-Outs" at their disposal during the game; each can be used only once, and neither may be used on a Red Light Challenge or a Video Bonus. In the Mobile Shout-Out, the contestant makes a phone call to someone they choose by means of a cell phone either provided by Bailey or one belonging to a contestant if they have one. The call can take up to a maximum of 15 seconds before the contestant has to give an answer, with the result being either additional money or a strike. The contestant may also elect to use a Street Shout-Out, in which Bailey immediately pulls the cab to a curb so that anyone on the sidewalk can be asked for help, without any official time limit. A second Street Shout-Out is included on a Double Ride. In the revived Cash Cab, the Mobile Shout-Out was replaced by the Social Media Shout-Out, in which Ben activates Facebook Live so that those on the site may help the contestant.
Video Bonus
Should the passenger(s) reach their destination without striking out, Bailey offers a choice: the option of leaving the cab and keeping the prize money that they have won, or they can stay and try to double their money by risking it all on a Video Bonus question. Bailey plays a video clip and asks the contestant(s) a single question based on its content. If the question is answered correctly, the contestant(s) win double what they have earned so far, but if they are wrong, they lose all of their money "at the very last moment," as Bailey says, and "leave with nothing but a cab ride."
Unlike some other versions of the game, U.S. contestants who decline to attempt the Video Bonus are not shown the question they would have been asked.
Double Ride
Beginning in Season 4, on rare occasions randomly selected passengers are able to win double the amount of money of a normal game. The first four questions are worth $100, the second four are worth $200 and the rest until the end of the game are worth $400. The "Red Light Challenge" is worth $500.
Record payouts
The current record of $6,200 won on one ride is held by Sam Meyer (riding solo, on a Double Ride, taking and winning the Double-or-Nothing Video Bonus question) on the episode that aired May 18, 2009. This topped the old record held by contestants Sean Devney and Steve Irolla, two New York City tour guides who won $4,100 after answering the "Video Bonus" question correctly. They reached their final destination with two strikes (both on $200 questions).
Special editions
One episode of the program was a special celebrity edition, featuring actor Thomas Haden Church of Spider-Man 3, NHL players Jed Ortmeyer and Ryan Hollweg of the New York Rangers and journalist Harry Smith, formerly of CBS' The Early Show. All played for a charity of their choice, and Discovery Channel matched the contestants' winnings. Another episode was a special in which the passengers were asked questions relating to the 2008 film Frost/Nixon. In this episode, the host of Cash Cab: Canada, Adam Growe, was driving the cab instead of Ben Bailey.
On April 21, 2009, Discovery aired a charity episode of Cash Cab for its 250th episode featuring two rides by boat crew members from The Deadliest Catch. Time Bandit co-captain Andy Hillstrand and Josh Harris, son of Cornelia Marie captain Phil Harris, went against Sig Hansen (captain of the Northwestern) and his two brothers. All cash values were doubled from the Season 3 payouts, the passengers received a second Street Shout-Out, and all money earned was donated by the passengers to the charities of their choice.
In the Cash Cab: Las Vegas episodes, filmed in May 2010 and broadcast beginning in August of that year, celebrities played for charity and ordinary contestants played for themselves. Guests have included Mayor of Las Vegas Oscar Goodman, comedian David Brenner, the band Neon Trees, and magicians Penn & Teller. The prizes are sometimes doubled in a "Double Down Ride," as on the regular show.
On December 4, 2017, Discovery aired a special Celebrity Edition, where as the unsuspecting passengers hailed the Cash Cab, they were joined by celebrities to help them, featuring NCIS: New Orleans actor Scott Bakula, comedian Gilbert Gottfried, and Friends actor Matthew Perry.
Cash Cab: Chicago
During Season 6 of Cash Cab, a new spin-off series, Cash Cab: Chicago, hosted by comedian Beth Melewski and using the same rules as its New York counterpart, aired. The spin-off was cancelled after one season, but rerun episodes are aired along with Cash Cab episodes in syndication. Ben Bailey stated that the show was created during contract renewal negotiations.
Production
A support van tails the Cash Cab, containing producers and a camera crew for the various street shots. The staff provide logistical information and questions by way of a radio earpiece worn by the host. The Cash Cab is equipped with ten cameras: one on the host, three on the passengers, one pointing forward from the back window of the cab, and three (front, left, and right) in the advertising shell on the roof of the cab showing the passing streetscape. The rear of the cab behind the seats contains ten recording decks and other production equipment.
The lighting and the music that go off when contestants enter the cab consist of a switchboard that is connected to an iPod and the car stereo. The Video Bonus monitor is a DVD player that is embedded to the back of the front passenger seat.
Some contestants are randomly picked as they walk along the sidewalk, while others are selected in advance. Even so, those picked in advance are told that the cab is supposed to take them to the show on which they will appear. The cab turns out to be the show itself.
Near the end of the game at the player's destination Bailey appears to present the cash won. In reality, this cash is a prop and used for on-air purposes only. The winnings, which must be taxed, are sent via check.
The Cash Cab in New York is a Toyota Sienna minivan with the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission medallion number "1G12" in the first two seasons and during the After Dark shows. A new cab with the medallion "7N78" was used for seasons 3 through 7, which also features new headliner lighting. In seasons 8 and 9, the medallion was "31Z8." In Season 10, the vehicle was updated, and the medallion of the cab has been "47J2."
Cash Cab: Chicago used a Toyota Sienna minivan with the Yellow Taxi call sign "4472."
Broadcast syndication
As of March 2017, reruns previously aired on Cozi TV and on Game Show Network. The New York City version reruns air on the Quest network in the UK. On October 26, 2009, MGM Television announced that the reruns would begin airing on local stations in September 2010. Stations are allowed the option to air the series as a daily strip or as a weekend series. Game Show Network aired the series from March 13, 2017 to August 1, 2021, then returned on June 18, 2022.
Accolades
Bailey has been nominated four times for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host, winning the award in 2010, 2011, and 2013. Cash Cab won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show in 2008, 2009, and 2010. In 2013, the show appeared in TV Guide'''s list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
See also
Taxicab Confessions BrainRush''
References
External links
Official Discovery Channel Cash Cab website
2000s American game shows
2005 American television series debuts
2010s American game shows
2012 American television series endings
2017 American television series debuts
2020s American game shows
2020 American television series endings
American game shows
American television series based on British television series
American television series revived after cancellation
Bravo (American TV network) original programming
Cash Cab
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show winners
Discovery Channel original programming
Taxis
Television series by MGM Television
Selma Poutsma (born 14 May 1999) is Dutch short track speed skater who previously competed for France.
Biography
In 2014 Poutsma moved to France and competed for the French short track speed skating team, winning the bronze medal in the relay at the 2018 European Short Track Speed Skating Championships. In 2018 she moved back to the Netherlands and in 2020 started competing for the Netherlands. She won several medals at the 2021 European Short Track Speed Skating Championships and 2021 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Dutch female short track speed skaters
French female short track speed skaters
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from The Hague
Olympic short track speed skaters of the Netherlands
Short track speed skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in short track speed skating
Bairagi may refer to:
Bairagi people, a social group of the Indian subcontinent
Bairagi (raga), an Indian Classical Raga
Bairagi (caste), a section of Hindus Brahmins
See also
Bairagia. a village in Bhola District of Bangladesh
Bairagi Dwibedy, a Member of the Parliament of India
Bairagi Jena, a Member of the Parliament of India
The following squads and players competed in the women's handball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Angola
The following players represented Angola:
Anica Neto
Maria Gonçalves
Filomena Trindade
Domingas Cordeiro
Maura Faial
Aña Bela Joaquim
Lili Webba-Torres
Palmira de Almeida
Luzia María Bizerra
Justina Praça
Lia Paulo
Mária Eduardo
Elisa Peres
China
The following players represented China:
Che Zhihong
Chen Bangping
Chen Haiyun
Cong Yanxia
Li Jianfang
Shi Wei
Wang Tao
Yu Geli
Zhai Chao
Zhang Li
Zhang Limei
Zhao Ying
Denmark
The following players represented Denmark:
Anja Andersen
Camilla Andersen
Kristine Andersen
Heidi Astrup
Tina Bøttzau
Marianne Florman
Conny Hamann
Anja Hansen
Anette Hoffmann
Tonje Kjærgaard
Janne Kolling
Susanne Lauritsen
Gitte Madsen
Lene Rantala
Gitte Sunesen
Anne Dorthe Tanderup
Germany
The following players represented Germany:
Andrea Bölk
Bianca Urbanke
Tine Lindemann
Csilla Elekes
Eike Bram
Emilia Luca
Eva Kiss-Györi
Franziska Heinz
Grit Jurack
Heike Murrweiss
Marlies Waelzer
Melanie Schliecker
Michaela Erler
Michaela Schanze
Miroslava Ritskiavitchius
Hungary
The following players represented Hungary:
Éva Erdős
Andrea Farkas
Beáta Hoffmann
Anikó Kántor
Erzsébet Kocsis
Beatrix Kökény
Eszter Mátéfi
Auguszta Mátyás
Anikó Meksz
Anikó Nagy
Helga Németh
Ildikó Pádár
Beáta Siti
Anna Szántó
Katalin Szilágyi
Beatrix Tóth
Norway
The following players represented Norway:
Heidi Tjugum
Tonje Larsen
Kjersti Grini
Kristine Duvholt
Susann Goksør-Bjerkrheim
Kari Solem
Mona Dahle
Ann-Cathrin Eriksen
Hege Kvitsand
Trine Haltvik
Kristine Moldestad
Annette Skotvoll
Mette Davidsen
Sahra Hausmann
Hilde Østbø
South Korea
The following players represented South Korea:
Cho Eun-Hee
Han Sun-Hee
Hong Jeong-ho
Huh Soon-Young
Kim Cheong-Sim
Kim Eun-Mi
Kim Jeong-Mi
Kim Mi-Sim
Kim Rang
Kwag Hye-Jeong
Lee Sang-Eun
Lim O-Kyeong
Moon Hyang-Ja
Oh Sung-Ok
Oh Yong-Ran
Park Jeong-Lim
United States
The following players represented the United States:
Dawn Allinger
Pat Neder
Sharon Cain
Kim Clarke
Laura Coenen
Kristen Danihy
Jennifer Demby-Horton
Lisa Eagen
Laurie Fellner
Chryssandra Hires
Tami Jameson
Toni Jameson
Dannette Leininger
Dawn Marple
Carol Peterka
Cheryl Abplanalp
References
1996
In sewing, a seam is the join where two or more layers of fabric, leather, or other materials are held together with stitches. Prior to the invention of the sewing machine, all sewing was done by hand. Seams in modern mass-produced household textiles, sporting goods, and ready-to-wear clothing are sewn by computerized machines, while home shoemaking, dressmaking, quilting, crafts, haute couture and tailoring may use a combination of hand and machine sewing.
In clothing construction, seams are classified by their type (plain, lapped, abutted, or French seams) and position in the finished garment (center back seam, inseam, side seam). Seams are finished with a variety of techniques to prevent raveling of raw fabric edges and to neaten the inside of garments.
Types
All basics seams used in clothing construction are variants on four basic types of seams:
Plain seams
French seams
Flat or abutted seams
Lapped seams
A plain seam is the most common type of machine-sewn seam. It joins two pieces of fabric together face-to-face by sewing through both pieces, leaving a seam allowance with raw edges inside the work. The seam allowance usually requires some sort of seam finish to prevent raveling.
Either piping or cording may be inserted into a plain seam.
In a French seam, the raw edges of the fabric are fully enclosed for a neat finish. The seam is first sewn with wrong sides together, then the seam allowances are trimmed and pressed. A second seam is sewn with right sides together, enclosing the raw edges of the original seam.
In a flat or abutted seam, two pieces of fabric are joined edge-to edge with no overlap and sewn with hand or machine stitching that encloses the raw edges. Antique or old German seam is the 19th century name for a hand-sewn flat seam that joins two pieces of fabric at their selvages. This type of construction is found in traditional linen garments such as shirts and chemises, and in hand-made sheets pieced from narrow loom widths of linen.
In a lapped seam, the two layers overlap with the wrong side of the top layer laid against the right side of the lower layer. Lapped seams are typically used for bulky materials that do not ravel, such as leather and felt.
Finishes
A seam finish is a treatment that secures and neatens the raw edges of a plain seam to prevent raveling, by sewing over the raw edges or enclosing them in some sort of binding.
On mass-produced clothing, the seam allowances of plain seams are usually trimmed and stitched together with an overlock stitch using a serger. Plain seams may also be pressed open, with each seam allowance separately secured with an overlock stitch. Traditional home sewing techniques for finishing plain seams include trimming with pinking shears, oversewing with a zig-zag stitch, and hand or machine overcasting.
A bound seam has each of the raw edges of its seam allowances enclosed in a strip of fabric, lace or net 'binding' that has been folded in half lengthwise. An example of binding is double-fold bias tape. The binding's fold is wrapped around the raw edge of the seam allowance and is stitched, through all thicknesses, catching underside of binding in stitching. Bound seams are often used on lightweight fabrics including silk and chiffon and on unlined garments to produce a neat finish.
A Hong Kong seam or Hong Kong finish is a home sewing term for a type of bound seam in which each raw edge of the seam allowance is separately encased in a fabric binding. In couture sewing or tailoring, the binding is usually a bias-cut strip of lightweight lining fabric; in home sewing, commercial bias tape is often used.
In a Hong Kong finish, a bias strip of fabric is cut to the width of the seam allowance plus 1/4". The bias strip is placed on top of the seam allowance, right sides together, and stitched 1/8" from raw edges. The bias strip is then folded over the raw edge and around to the underside and stitched in place.
Position
In clothing construction, seams are identified by their position in the finished garment.
A center front seam runs vertically down the front of a garment.
A center back seam or back seam runs vertically down the center-back of a garment. It can be used to create anatomical shaping to the back portion of a garment particularly through the waist area and hips. It can also be used for styling and functional purposes involving pleats, vents, flare toward the hem or for back closures such as buttoned plackets or zippers.
A side seam runs vertically down the side of a garment.
A side-back seam runs from the armscye to the waist, and fits the garment to the curve below the shoulder blades. Side-back seams may be used instead of, or in combination with, side and center back seams.
A shoulder seam runs from the neckline to the armscye, usually at the highest point of the shoulder. A shoulder seam which extends beyond the shoulder point is called a drop shoulder.
Princess seams in the front or back run from the shoulder or armscye to the hem at the side-back or side-front. Princess seams shape the garment to the body's curves and eliminate the need for darting at the bust, waist, and shoulder.
An inseam is the seam that binds the length of the inner trouser leg. The distance from the bottom crotch to the lower ankle is also known as the inseam. The inseam length determines the length of the inner pant leg to appropriately fit the wearer. In the UK this is usually known as the inside-leg measurement (for trousers fit).
Notching or clipping a curved seam
When making an outward-curved seam, the material will have reduced bulk and lie flat if notches are cut into the seam allowance. Alternatively, when making an inward-curved seam, clips are cut into the seam allowance to help the seam lie flat with reduced bulk in the fabric.
Once seam allowances are pinned or basted, they are often pressed flat with an iron before sewing the final seam. Pressing the seam allowances makes it easier to sew a consistent finished seam.
See also
Embroidery stitch
Glossary of sewing terminology
Glossary of textile manufacturing
List of sewing stitches
Notions
Notes
References
Ward, Wendy (2014). The Beginners Guide to Dressmaking: Sewing techniques and patterns to make your own clothes. David & Charles.
Seams
de:Nähen#Nahtarten
Hoch-Ybrig is a skiing and hiking area in Canton of Schwyz in Switzerland (Municipalities of Unteriberg, Oberiberg).
Hoch-Ybrig is dominated by the mountain range Forstberg - Druesberg (2282 metres) - Twäriberg. These mountains form a boundary between Hoch-Ybrig on one side and Muotathal valley and Canton of Glarus on the other side.
Cablecars
A cablecar leads from Weglosen (1035 m) to Seebli (1460 m) at the feet of Roggenstock. From Seebli, there are chairlift connections to Spirstock (1771 m) and Sternen (1856 m).
Operating Durations
The following table displays the operating hours since the 1968/1969 season.
Global warming is having its effect on the area: even though operating in recent duration stays relatively stable, in the last decade the amount of actual snow has declined heavily. For instance in the 2015/2016 season only after 15 January the full area was operational when there was enough snow on all the pistes. in 2016 during 12 and 13 November about 90 centimeters of snow fell, but due to mild temperatures all of it disappeared again in about a week and thus operation could not commence.
The site has 16 snow canons and 3 lances with which they can keep a few slopes open if there is little snow.
References
External links
Hoch-Ybrig
Geography of the canton of Schwyz
Ski areas in Switzerland
Tourist attractions in the canton of Schwyz
St Edwen's Church, Llanedwen is a 19th-century parish church near the Menai Strait, in Anglesey, north Wales. The first church was founded here by St. Edwen (daughter of Edwin of Northumbria, king and saint) in 640, but the present structure dates from 1856 and was designed by Henry Kennedy, the architect of the Diocese of Bangor. It contains some memorials from the 17th and 18th centuries and a reading desk that reuses panel work from the 14th and 17th centuries. The 18th-century historian Henry Rowlands was vicar here, and is buried in the churchyard. The church is on land that forms part of the Plas Newydd estate, home of the family of the Marquess of Anglesey since 1812 and owned by the National Trust. Some of the Marquesses of Anglesey, and some of their employees, are also buried in the churchyard.
The church is used for worship by the Church in Wales, one of seven in a combined parish. A service is held using the Book of Common Prayer each Sunday morning. St Edwen's is one of the few churches in regular use in Wales to be lit entirely by candles. It is a Grade II listed building, a national designation given to "buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them", in particular because it is regarded as "a good example of H Kennedy's designs for a small-scale rural church."
History and location
St Edwen's Church is in the south of Anglesey, north Wales, in a rural area known as Llanedwen. It is about from the county town of Llangefni, about from the A4080 road between Llanfairpwllgwyngyll and Brynsiencyn and about 250 metres (270 yds) from the Menai Strait that separates Anglesey from the rest of Wales. The church is on land that forms part of the Plas Newydd estate, which has been the home of the family of the Marquess of Anglesey since 1812; some of the former marquesses and their employees are buried in the churchyard. Plas Newydd and its grounds are now owned by the National Trust. The area of Llanedwen takes its name from the church: the Welsh word originally meant "enclosure" and then "church".
According to the 19th-century Anglesey historian Angharad Llwyd, the first church in the area was established by St Edwen in 640. Nothing is known of Edwen's life, but according to the manuscript sources, she was the daughter – perhaps the illegitimate daughter – or the niece of Edwin of Northumbria, a king who converted to Christianity in 627 and who was venerated as a saint after his death in 633. The 12th-century writer Geoffrey of Monmouth said that Edwin was born whilst his mother was taking refuge in north Wales with Cadfan ap Iago.
Llwyd described the church in 1833 as "a small but neat edifice, of great antiquity". In 1840, the church was rebuilt by John Welch. Writing in 1847, the clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones said that St Edwen's was in the Early Perpendicular style, although its windows had been replaced, and measured . The Welsh politician and church historian Sir Stephen Glynne visited in May 1850. He said that it was "a very small church in a lovely situation", which had "a beautiful view over the Menai".
In 1856, the church seen by Llwyd, Jones and Glynne was demolished and the present structure was erected, designed by Henry Kennedy, architect of the Diocese of Bangor. The only part of the old church to survive was some of the stonework at the base of the west wall. Some repair work was carried out in 1956.
St Edwen's, which is used for worship by the Church in Wales, is one of seven churches in the combined benefice (churches grouped together under an incumbent priest) of Bro Dwynwen. A service is held every Sunday morning using the 1662 Book of Common Prayer, either Holy Communion or Morning Prayer; there are no midweek services. The parish is within the deanery of Synod Ynys Mon, the archdeaconry of Bangor and the Diocese of Bangor. As of 2016, the priest in charge is the Reverend E Roberts and the associate priest is Canon Professor Leslie Francis.
People associated with the church include Henry Rowlands, vicar of St Nidan's, Llanidan, and its associated churches (including St Edwen's) in the first part of the 18th century. He wrote a history of Anglesey entitled Mona Antiqua Restaurata, published in 1723. He is buried in the churchyard to the west of the door. His tombstone is inscribed in Latin with the words: "All things are nought save what he gave to needy ones. These have force when arts perish and writings fall to pieces." William Bulkeley Hughes, who lived in the parish and died in 1882, is also buried in the churchyard. He was a Member of Parliament for 40 years. The churchyard contains one Commonwealth war grave, of a First World War officer of the Westmorland and Cumberland Yeomanry.
Architecture and fittings
St Edwen's is built from local red gritstone, formed into square blocks and dressed with sandstone. The roof is made from slate with stone edging. The church, which is in the Late Decorated style, has a tower topped with a broach spire at the north-west corner of the nave, supported by buttresses. The church is entered through a porch with an arched doorway in the lowest of the three stages of the tower. Inside, the woodwork of the roof is exposed; some of the nave timbers might be medieval beams reused in the 1856 rebuilding. The nave and chancel are divided by an arch and by three steps leading up from the nave. The chancel and sanctuary are separated by an altar rail set on top of some wooden panels.
There is a pair of windows in the west wall decorated with tracery (stonework within the window frame forming a pattern). Scenes from the Bible and geometric patterns are shown in the stained glass, and birds (phoenix and peacock) are depicted at the top of the windows. The glass is dedicated to Rice Robert Hughes, a clergyman who died in 1801. There are three arched windows in the south wall of the nave; the stained glass of the easternmost (dedicated to William Bulkeley Hughes) shows biblical scenes. The easternmost window of the three in the north wall of the nave is dedicated to Thomas Bulkeley Hughes (who died in 1836), his wife and children. The chancel has one window in the east wall, which has three lights (sections of window separated by stone mullions).
The pulpit has some 19th-century oak panelling and reuses some ornate 17th-century panel work that is decorated with pictures of cherubs, dragons, dogs and lions' heads. The pews are made of pine; the choir stalls also have some carved oak panels that may date from the 17th century. A reading desk from the 19th century reuses material from the 14th and 17th centuries, depicting a lion, a griffin and angels. The church also has an eight-sided sandstone font decorated with a carved cross.
A survey in 1937 by the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire recorded seven 17th and 18th century memorials within the church, the oldest in memory of a Thomas Owen who died in 1646. The tombs in the churchyard include one of a Sidney Griffith (died 1618) and more than 20 others from the 17th and 18th centuries. The survey also noted some oak dog tongs, likely to be from the 19th century, and three 17th-century chairs.
A survey of church plate within the Bangor diocese in 1906 recorded an engraved chalice dated 1842 and a paten dated 1776–77; both are made from silver and are decorated with foliage. A silver flagon bears an inscription to denote that it was given by William Bulkeley Hughes when the new church was consecrated in 1856. The survey also noted a flagon from about 1700 and a dish, both made of pewter, but said that an 18th-century silver chalice had been lost some time after 1811. St Edwen's is one of the few churches in regular use in Wales to be lit only by candles.
Assessment
St Edwen's has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration as it has been designated as a Grade II listed building – the lowest of the three grades of listing, designating "buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them". It was given this status on 23 April 1998, and has been listed because it is seen as "a good example of H Kennedy's designs for a small-scale rural church". Cadw (the Welsh Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales and the inclusion of Welsh buildings on the statutory lists) also notes the fittings that incorporate "some fine carved work of the 14th and 17th centuries."
Sabine Baring-Gould, writing in 1908, said that the rebuilt church was "wholly devoid of interest". A 2009 guide to the buildings of the region notes that the Incorporated Church Building Society (active in the 19th century) considered Kennedy's design was "inconsistent with the gravity of feeling which pervades the ancient churches of Wales."
Harry Longueville Jones wrote in 1847 that the churchyard was "one of the most interesting in Anglesey, from its picturesque appearance and situation." A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey describes St Edwen's as "a good example of an unspoilt 19th century country church", adding that is "little changed since it was built." It says that it is in a "tranquil spot", and notes that it is a landmark "visible from a considerable distance".
Notes
References
External links
Architectural plan for Kennedy's rebuilding in 1856
Photographs of the church
Edwen
Llanedwen
Llanedwen
Churches completed in 1856
Llanddaniel Fab
Léon Kalenga Badikebele (17 July 1956 – 12 June 2019) was a Congolese prelate of the Catholic Church who worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He held the rank of Apostolic Nuncio beginning in 2008 and was Nuncio to Argentina from 2018 until his death in June 2019.
Biography
He was born in Kamina, Haut-Lomami, then in the Belgian Congo, on 17 July 1956. He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Luebo on 5 September 1982.
In 1988 he entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy and on 27 February 1990 entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See. His early assignments took him to Haiti, Guatemala, Zambia, Brazil, Egypt, Zimbabwe and Japan.
On 1 March 2008, Pope Benedict XVI named him Titular Archbishop of Magnetum and Apostolic Nuncio to Ghana. He chose as his episcopal motto the phrase: "Fortes in fide", which means, "Strong in Faith". He received his episcopal consecration on 1 May from Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone.
On 22 February 2013, Pope Benedict named him Nuncio to El Salvador, and on 13 April Pope Francis named him Nuncio to Belize as well.
On 17 March 2018, Pope Francis appointed him Apostolic Nuncio to Argentina.
He died in Rome on 12 June 2019 after a long illness. Pope Francis celebrated his funeral Mass on 15 June, which the members of the Holy See's diplomatic corps, then gathered in Rome for their triennial conference, attended.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Léon Kalenga Badikebele
1956 births
2019 deaths
People from Kamina
Democratic Republic of the Congo Roman Catholic bishops
Apostolic Nuncios to El Salvador
Apostolic Nuncios to Ghana
Apostolic Nuncios to Belize
Apostolic Nuncios to Argentina
21st-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
The Hejaz Expeditionary Force () of the Ottoman Empire was one of the expeditionary forces of the military of the Ottoman Empire. Its commander had the authority of an army commander. It was formed during World War I for the defense of Medina (located in the region known as the Hejaz).
Fahreddin Pasha was appointed to the commander of the Hejaz Expeditionary Force on 17 July 1916. The principal unit of this force, the Medina garrison itself. And the Hejaz Expeditionary Force consisted of 14,000 men by the fall of 1916.
Order of battle
In 1916, the Hejaz Expeditionary Force was structured as follows:
Hejaz Expeditionary Force HQ (Medina, Commander: Ferik Fahreddin Pasha)
1st Camel Regiment (1 nci Hecinsüvar Alayı)
1st Volunteer Cavalry Regiment (1 nci Akıncı Alayı)
Field artillery batteries x 3
Signal companies x 2
Medical and logistical support elements
Sources
Expeditionary Forces of the Ottoman Empire
Military units and formations of the Ottoman Empire in World War I
Ottoman Arabia
History of Medina
Vikram Bhatnagar is an Indian sport shooter. He won the silver medal in the Men's Double Trap (Pairs) with Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. In this process he was able to score a good score and carried the team to the silver medal. He is an MBA Graduate and has interests in Hotels and Construction as well. His daughter is Sabhyata Bhatnagar and son Vardaan Bhatnagar.
Awards
He won many awards and medals along with Delhi state Rajiv Khel Ratna Award. He won gold medal in the Asian Clay Shooting Championships in September 2006 which held in Singapore from the Indian double trap team. He won silver medal with the team at Asian Games, Doha, Qatar in December 2006. He won the Delhi State Rajiv Khel Ratna Award on 22 August 2007. In 2008 he started the year with a Grand Prix Bronze medal at the Asian Clay shooting Championships in Jaipur. He is the 2008 National Champion at Jaipur with the score of 144/150 + 47/50 = 191/200. He was a part of the Team that won Gold in Asian Clay shooting Championships in Almaty Kazakhstan in September 2009. He won gold medal in National shotgun championships, Patiala in November 2009. He won the pair Gold in the Commonwealth Games Federation Shooting Championships in February 2010, along with the Bronze in the individual category. At the World Cup in Acapulco, Mexico in March 2010, he placed 4th in the world with a score of 140/150 and 46/50 in the final. His World Ranking as in July 2010 was World No 10, in Men's Double Trap event, making him the highest ranked Indian Shooter in this event.
Other Professional Activities
Vikram Bhatnagar is the President of Precision Shooting Club and is involved in conducting leisure based shooting sports competitions.
Vikram Bhatnagar is the Vice Chairman of Bhatnagar International School, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi
In 2012-13 he was a part of the 5-man committee formed by N.R.A.I that formulated the rules submitted to Ministry of Home Affairs for easing of Arms Licensing and Imports for Renowned Shots, Aspiring Shooters and Junior Shooters. Thus helping in reducing the age of arms ownership for competitive sports to 12 years.
Is an existing member of N.R.A.I Athletes Grievance Committee since 2012 and has contributed towards ensuring discipline in Indian Shooting Sports persons.
In 2014 he has been nominated by President NRAI to oversee the Indo-Bhutan 300m Big Bore event to be held along with the coronation of the King of Bhutan. This sports interchange is under the guidelines of SAARC sports agencies.
References
Indian male sport shooters
Living people
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Trap and double trap shooters
Sport shooters from Delhi
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Ira Thompson Van Gieson (1866, Long Island – March 24, 1913, New York City) was an American neurologist, psychiatrist, bacteriologist and neuropathologist.
Ira was born in Long Island in 1866, as the son of Dr. Ransford Everett Van Gieson (1836–1921). He was of Dutch-Jewish heritage. The "Van" is from Dutch "van ("of" or "from"), anglicized with a capital V.
Ira Van Gieson graduated from the College of Physicians of Columbia University in 1885. In 1887, he served as a teacher at the college of physicians and surgeons and in 1894 he was appointed instructor of pathology and histology of the nervous system.
In 1896, he was appointed as first director of the Pathological Institute of the New York State Hospitals for the Insane (renamed New York State Psychiatric Institute in 1929). He was dismissed after five years because of political controversy involving the newly appointed president of the NY State Commission on Lunacy, Peter Wise.
As a result, the whole Institute's faculty resigned
and in 1900 a formal "Protest of the Friends of the Present Management of the N.Y. Pathological Institute" was signed (S. Weir Mitchell, James J. Putnam, Percival Bailey, Morton Prince, Frederick Peterson, and many others). After dismissal, he returned into the service of the New York State Health Department. He practised hypnosis and occasionally served as a forensic psychiatrist.
He died at the age of 47 at the Bellevue Hospital, NY, on March 24, 1913. He suffered from chronic nephritis.
His obituarist, William Alanson White, wrote:
"Dr. Van Gieson can best be described in a few words as a genius. He knew none of the rules that applied to the average man. He had a keen and incisive mind, he was alert and full of interest in everything, but he possessed that sensitive organization which made anything approaching control from outside sources utterly unsupportable. He was a spasmodic and irregular worker, when he worked, working with a fervor and depth of distraction that made him utterly forget time, food and, sleep, working for days and days without rest, way into the small hours of the morning. These periods of tremendous activity were followed by days of inactivity, during which he did nothing, and sometimes was entirely inaccessible, not even attending his office. He was, however, tremendously productive."
Van Gieson introduced the picric acid stain (Van Gieson's stain) to neurohistology in 1889. He coined the term "psychomotor epilepsy".
He collaborated with Boris Sidis, Bernard Sachs, and others.
Works
Ira Van Gieson is the sole author unless otherwise indicated
Laboratory notes of technical methods for the nervous system. New York, 1889
Alternate paralysis due to multiple areas of softening in the pons varolii, extracted from the proceedings of the New York Pathological Society, 1890, in Miscellaneous Papers from the Laboratory of the Alumni Association, Department of Pathology, Columbia University, vol 1, 1890–1891, pp 1–3
A Study of the Artefacts of the Nervous System: The Topographical Alterations of the Gray and White Matters of the Spinal Cord Caused by Autopsy Bruises, and a Consideration of Heterotopia of the Spinal Cord. D. Appleton and Co., 1892
The toxic basis of neural diseases. State Hospitals Bull I:407–488 (1896)
(with Arnold Graf) The individuality of the cell. State Hospitals Bulletin (April, 1897)
Epilepsy and expert testimony. Utica, 1897
(with Boris Sidis) Neuron energy and its psychomotor manifestations. Archives of Neurology and Psychopathology 1, pp. 5–24 (1898) link
Correlation of sciences in the investigation of nervous and mental diseases. State Hospitals Press, 1899 PDF (Internet Archive)
References
1866 births
American pathologists
1913 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
New York State Department of Health
Carrie Ward may refer to:
Carrie Clark Ward, American actress
Carrie Halsell Ward, Oregon State University's first African-American graduate
The Beekman Native Plant Arboretum is a three-acre (12,000 m²) arboretum in Jackson County, Oregon, United States, that features trees, shrubs and herbs from eight zones of the Siskiyou and Cascade mountains in Southern Oregon. It is located behind the historic Beekman House at 352 East California Street in Jacksonville and is named for Jacksonville pioneer Cornelius C. Beekman.
The Arboretum contains more than 175 species from the high deserts of Eastern Oregon, high-altitude subalpine slopes around Crater Lake, and serpentine soils of the Siskiyou Mountains. It features species from the chaparral, low-elevation forest and riparian zones, including grassland plants, lodgepole pine and sagebrush, buckwheat, penstemon and balsam root, and a bog with skunk cabbage and wild ginger. Most plants are labeled with name and habitat. Two footbridges cross a seasonal stream.
The arboretum was designed by Alan Horobin, in collaboration with the Jacksonville Woodlands Association, organized in 1989 to preserve the woodlands behind the Beekman House.
In March, 2000, John and Joyce Jackson, of Kingwood, Texas, concluded their nationwide project to plant trees in each state at a location containing the name of Jackson by planting five trees at the arboretum. The occasion of planting in their 50th state was marked with a ceremony hosted by the chamber of commerce and attended by many in the community.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
External links
Jacksonville Woodlands Association
Arboreta in Oregon
Protected areas of Jackson County, Oregon
Jacksonville, Oregon
1989 establishments in Oregon
The term phrase structure grammar was originally introduced by Noam Chomsky as the term for grammar studied previously by Emil Post and Axel Thue (Post canonical systems). Some authors, however, reserve the term for more restricted grammars in the Chomsky hierarchy: context-sensitive grammars or context-free grammars. In a broader sense, phrase structure grammars are also known as constituency grammars. The defining trait of phrase structure grammars is thus their adherence to the constituency relation, as opposed to the dependency relation of dependency grammars.
Constituency relation
In linguistics, phrase structure grammars are all those grammars that are based on the constituency relation, as opposed to the dependency relation associated with dependency grammars; hence, phrase structure grammars are also known as constituency grammars. Any of several related theories for the parsing of natural language qualify as constituency grammars, and most of them have been developed from Chomsky's work, including
Government and binding theory
Generalized phrase structure grammar
Head-driven phrase structure grammar
Lexical functional grammar
The minimalist program
Nanosyntax
Further grammar frameworks and formalisms also qualify as constituency-based, although they may not think of themselves as having spawned from Chomsky's work, e.g.
Arc pair grammar, and
Categorial grammar.
The fundamental trait that these frameworks all share is that they view sentence structure in terms of the constituency relation. The constituency relation derives from the subject-predicate division of Latin and Greek grammars that is based on term logic and reaches back to Aristotle in antiquity. Basic clause structure is understood in terms of a binary division of the clause into subject (noun phrase NP) and predicate (verb phrase VP).
The binary division of the clause results in a one-to-one-or-more correspondence. For each element in a sentence, there are one or more nodes in the tree structure that one assumes for that sentence. A two-word sentence such as Luke laughed necessarily implies three (or more) nodes in the syntactic structure: one for the noun Luke (subject NP), one for the verb laughed (predicate VP), and one for the entirety Luke laughed (sentence S). The constituency grammars listed above all view sentence structure in terms of this one-to-one-or-more correspondence.
Dependency relation
By the time of Gottlob Frege, a competing understanding of the logic of sentences had arisen. Frege rejected the binary division of the sentence and replaced it with an understanding of sentence logic in terms of logical predicates and their arguments. On this alternative conception of sentence logic, the binary division of the clause into subject and predicate was not possible. It therefore opened the door to the dependency relation (although the dependency relation had also existed in a less obvious form in traditional grammars long before Frege). The dependency relation was first acknowledged concretely and developed as the basis for a comprehensive theory of syntax and grammar by Lucien Tesnière in his posthumously published work Éléments de syntaxe structurale (Elements of Structural Syntax).
The dependency relation is a one-to-one correspondence: for every element (word or morph) in a sentence, there is just one node in the syntactic structure. The distinction is thus a graph-theoretical distinction. The dependency relation restricts the number of nodes in the syntactic structure of a sentence to the exact number of syntactic units (usually words) that that sentence contains. Thus the two-word sentence Luke laughed implies just two syntactic nodes, one for Luke and one for laughed. Some prominent dependency grammars are listed here:
Functional generative description
Lexicase
Link grammar
Meaning-text theory
Operator grammar
Recursive categorical syntax, sometimes called algebraic syntax
Word grammar
Since these grammars are all based on the dependency relation, they are by definition NOT phrase structure grammars.
Non-descript grammars
Other grammars generally avoid attempts to group syntactic units into clusters in a manner that would allow classification in terms of the constituency vs. dependency distinction. In this respect, the following grammar frameworks do not come down solidly on either side of the dividing line:
Cognitive grammar
Construction grammar
Stochastic grammar
See also
Catena
Notes
References
Allerton, D. 1979. Essentials of grammatical theory. London: Routledge & Kegan Paul.
Borsley, R. 1991. Syntactic theory: A unified approach. London: Edward Arnold.
Chomsky, Noam 1957. Syntactic structures. The Hague/Paris: Mouton.
Matthews, P. Syntax. 1981. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press, .
McCawley, T. 1988. The syntactic phenomena of English, Vol. 1. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press.
Mel'cuk, I. 1988. Dependency syntax: Theory and practice. Albany: SUNY Press.
Sag, I. and T. Wasow. 1999. Syntactic theory: A formal introduction. Stanford, CA: CSLI Publications.
Tesnière, Lucien 1959. Éleménts de syntaxe structurale. Paris: Klincksieck.
van Valin, R. 2001. An introduction to syntax. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.
Generative syntax
Syntax
Noam Chomsky
Natural language processing
Feminist HCI is a subfield of human-computer interaction (commonly called HCI) that focuses on helping the field of HCI build interactions that pay attention to gender, equity, and social justice in research and in the design process.
Overview
Feminist HCI sets a stage for the explicit inclusion of feminism in HCI. Starting with Shaowen Bardzell's 2010 article "Feminist HCI: Taking Stock and Outlining an Agenda for Design", feminist HCI looks to the design and evaluation of interactive computing systems from a feminist lens. Building off of the epistemology of feminist standpoint theory, feminist HCI is focused on highlighting the values of feminism in HCI work, like equity, diversity, social justice, and also to understand the influence gender plays on the design and evaluation of interactive systems. Given that feminism is a heterogeneous concept, there is no singular methodology for undertaking feminist HCI projects. However, Isabel Prochner's broad-reaching research on feminist design shows that feminist perspectives in design can often support:
Emphasis on human life and prosperity over output and growth
Following best practices in labor/ international production /trade
Choosing an empowering workspace
Engaging in non-hierarchical/ interdisciplinary/ collaborative work
Addressing user needs at multiple levels, including support for pleasure/ fun/ happiness
Creating thoughtful products for female users
Creating good jobs through production/ execution/ sale of the design solution
Bridging the gap between feminism and HCI, Feminist HCI has applications in theory, methodology, user research, and evaluation that will allow practitioners to critique systems already in place as well as generate new HCI practices focused on gender, equity, and social justice. Theoretical contributions of feminism like the masculinity of technology and the social production of gender point towards the importance of addressing gender and equity directly in HCI.
Qualities of feminist interaction
Building off of interaction design, feminist HCI builds on six core qualities to feminist interaction:
Pluralism: Building on feminist standpoint theory, this quality argues that human experience is too varied to be captured within the concept of universalism, thus pluralism, or heterogeneity, in design is of critical importance to HCI work.
Participation: Engaging users as active contributors to the design process (e.g., participatory design) is important for understanding and respecting the full range of contributions users can make. Feminist HCI argues that this work should occur alongside traditional usability testing.
Advocacy: Articulating concerns with the values that get built into a design by championing for well-motivated of ideas for creating just design choices. For instance, a needs analysis may reinforce discriminatory design behavior like design choices criticized by Gender HCI. Participatory approaches, like participatory design, support advocacy.
Ecology: Maintaining a focus on the larger social structures (ecosystems) that a design impacts throughout the process of development. For example, the way a house is designed has an impact on structuring the lives of people who live in it (see feminism and modern architecture for additional information). Likewise, HCI artifacts exist within a larger ecosystem that impacts both the design process and the user.
Embodiment: Contrasting from earlier HCI notions of a disembodied user (such as mental models), concentrating on the material attributes of human-computer interactions is essential for understanding the way differences and commonalities impact interaction.
Self-disclosure: Bringing to light the foundational assumptions inherent in everyday design allows us to understand how well the design model of a user matches the actual users.
Select findings
The following presents a sampling of results from research utilizing feminist HCI:
Six qualities of feminist interaction in an activist online community
Jill Dimond et al.'s studies of Hollaback! outlines how activist CSCW systems embody feminist HCI in concrete ways. In particular, these studies examine feminist HCI through activist online communities describing how the six qualities of feminist interaction design play out in the work and experiences of site designers and site users.
Designing postpartum technologies by and for mothers using feminist HCI
Catherine D'Ignazio et al.'s work highlights participation, advocacy, and ecology to improve breast pump technologies. By getting input from more than 1000 mothers, researchers put forth a number of improvements that could be made to the breast pump while discussing the wider impacts this type of research can make on improving postpartum technologies broadly.
Exploring implementation feminist HCI qualities in design when the users of a site design it themselves
Casey Fiesler et al.'s work details how an online fan fiction community, consisting mostly of women, designed their own site. This site, Archive of Our Own, embedded the values most important to the community, such as accessibility, an embodiment of the feminist design quality pluralism.
See also
Feminism
Gender HCI
Human-computer interaction
Interaction design
Usability
Topics in human-computer interaction
References
Human–computer interaction
Feminism
Şenol Çorlu (born 3 December 1958 in Ankara) is a retired Turkish football player and currently Fenerbahçe SK academy director as of September 2008. He was one of the fans' favourites when he was playing for Fenerbahçe.
He began football in Petrol Ofisi in 1975–76 season and played there for 4 years. He was transferred to Orduspor due to Petrol Ofisi's relegation to the amateur league in 1979. He improved in Orduspor and was transferred to Sakaryaspor in 1981. He played as striker there, and was transferred to Fenerbahçe in 1984. His position was striker at first, midfielder after 1990. He won 2 league championships with Fenerbahçe – seasons 1984–85 and 1988–89. He was loaned to Antalyaspor during the 1991–92 season. He retired from football after the end of that season.
He played 17 times for Turkey national football team, making his debut on 23 September 1981 against the Soviet Union. He also played 13 times for Turkey U21. He scored 4 international goals.
External links
Player profile at TFF.org
Coach profile on TFF.org
1961 births
Association football forwards
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Living people
Orduspor footballers
Sakaryaspor footballers
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
The 2012 ATP China International Tennis Challenge – Anning was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Anning, China between 16 and 22 July 2012.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 9, 2012.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Ouyang Bowen
Wang Chuhan
W Gao
Gao Xin
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Matthew Barton
Lee Hsin-han
Arata Onozawa
Yi Chu-huan
Champions
Singles
Grega Žemlja def. Aljaž Bedene, 1–6, 7–5, 6–3
Doubles
Sanchai Ratiwatana / Sonchat Ratiwatana def. Ruan Roelofse / Kittipong Wachiramanowong, 4–6, 7–6(7–1), [13–11]
External links
Official Website
ATP China International Tennis Challenge
Kunming Open
2012 in Chinese tennis
Kevin Jeffrey Plawecki (; born February 26, 1991) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previsouly played in MLB or the New York Mets, Cleveland Indians, and Boston Red Sox.
Plawecki starred in baseball for Westfield High School in Indiana. He then attended Purdue University, where he played college baseball for the Boilermakers, was named an All-American in 2012, and won the Big Ten Conference Baseball Player of the Year in 2012. The Mets selected him with the 35th overall pick in the 2012 MLB draft.
Amateur career
Plawecki was born in Hinsdale, Illinois, on February 26, 1991 to Jeff and Lynne Plawecki. He attended Westfield High School in Westfield, Indiana, where he played for the school's baseball team. He was named an All-State Class 4A honorable mention at catcher in his senior year. He was not selected in the MLB draft following his senior year of high school. He enrolled at Purdue University, to play college baseball for the Purdue Boilermakers baseball team.
As a freshman at Purdue University in 2010, Plawecki had a .343 batting average, a .384 on-base percentage (OBP), and a .529 SLG, with eight home runs. He was named a freshman All-American by Louisville Slugger and the Big Ten Conference (Big Ten) All-Freshman of the Team. Following his freshman season at Purdue, Plawecki played collegiate summer baseball for the Richmond RiverRats of the Prospect League, where he batted 65-for-211 (.308) with fifteen doubles and 27 RBIs.
As a sophomore in 2011, Plawecki batted .341 with a .436 SLG, 2 home runs, and 39 RBIs. He was named first team All-Big Ten. That summer, Plawecki played for the Hyannis Harbor Hawks of the Cape Cod Baseball League and was named a league all-star.
In the 2012 season as a junior, Plawecki hit .359 batting average, a .445 on-base percentage (OBP), and a .578 SLG, with seven home runs. Plawecki was named the Most Outstanding Player of the 2012 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament and 2012 Big Ten Conference Baseball Player of the Year. He was a semifinalist for the Johnny Bench Award in 2011 and one of its three finalists in 2012.
Professional career
New York Mets
The New York Mets selected Plawecki in the first round, with the 35th overall selection, in the 2012 Major League Baseball draft. In 2013, he played for the Savannah Sand Gnats of the Class A South Atlantic League. He was promoted to the St. Lucie Mets of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League, and to the Binghamton Mets of the Class AA Eastern League for the Eastern League playoffs.
In 2014, the Mets invited Plawecki to spring training. He started the 2014 season with the Binghamton Mets, where he hit .326 with six home runs and 43 RBIs in 224 at-bats. Plawecki was selected to play for the U.S. Team in the 2014 All-Star Futures Game, along with Noah Syndergaard. After batting .326 for Binghamton, the Mets promoted Plawecki to the Las Vegas 51s of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League on June 24.
The Mets invited Plawecki to spring training in 2015, and reassigned him to minor league camp so that he could start the 2015 season with Las Vegas. After Travis d'Arnaud went on the disabled list with a broken hand on April 19, 2015, the Mets announced they would promote Plawecki to the major leagues.
Plawecki made his Major League debut on April 21, 2015 against the Atlanta Braves. He got his first career hit off Trevor Cahill and finished the game 2-for-4, with two runs scored. During a game against the New York Yankees on April 25, 2015, Plawecki hit his first career home run off CC Sabathia en route to an 8-2 victory. Plawecki became the first player to hit his first career home run in a Mets-Yankees Subway Series game.
Plawecki began experiencing dizziness in June, which sidelined him from playing for several games. He was demoted to the Las Vegas 51s on August 11, and recalled on September 1 due to expanded rosters in September. Plawecki finished the season with a .219 batting average with three home runs and 21 RBIs in 73 games played.
Plawecki had surgery on his paranasal sinuses during the 2015-16 offseason to address his dizziness. He batted .197 in 48 games for the Mets in 2016, spending the rest of the season with Las Vegas.
In an April 30, 2017 game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Plawecki was brought in to pitch for the first time since he was 14 years old. He was the first Mets position player to pitch since Anthony Recker in 2013, also against the Nationals at Nationals Park. He threw only fastballs, giving up four runs over two innings. One of those was Anthony Rendon's third home run of the game. The Mets lost 23-5.
Plawecki suffered a broken hand on April 11, 2018.
Cleveland Indians
On January 6, 2019, the Mets traded Plawecki to the Cleveland Indians in exchange for Walker Lockett and Sam Haggerty. With the 2019 Indians, Plawecki appeared in 59 games, batting .222 with three home runs and 17 RBIs. He also made two pitching appearances, pitching a total of two innings without allowing a hit, walk, or run. On December 2, 2019, Plawecki was non-tendered and became a free agent.
Boston Red Sox
On January 3, 2020, the Red Sox signed Plawecki to a one-year, $900,000 contract. Overall with the 2020 Red Sox, Plawecki batted .342 with one home run and 17 RBIs in 23 games. In early December 2020, Plawecki and the Red Sox reached a one-year deal for the 2021 season. On February 17, 2021, he was placed on the COVID-19 injured list. He made the team's 2021 Opening Day roster to backup Christian Vázquez. Plawecki was placed on the injured list with a left hamstring strain on June 22, and returned to the team on July 9. Plawecki made 64 regular-season appearances for Boston, batting .287 with three home runs and 15 RBIs. He also played in five postseason games, batting 1-for-7, as the Red Sox advanced to the American League Championship Series.
On December 1, 2021, Plawecki and the Red Sox agreed to terms on a one-year contract for 2022, reportedly worth $2.25 million. He began the season again serving as backup to Vázquez. Plawecki missed a week of action in late April, spending time on the COVID-related list. He was again on the COVID-related list for two days during the first-half of July. On September 17, Plawecki was designated for assignment, as the team added pitcher Frank German to the roster, and was released two days later. Plawecki appeared in 73 games while batting .217 with one home run for the 2022 Red Sox.
Texas Rangers
On September 21, 2022, Plawecki signed a major-league contract with the Texas Rangers.
Personal life
Plawecki grew up in Westfield, Indiana, with his parents and younger brother. His father coached his youth baseball teams.
Plawecki and his wife, Tayler, were married in November 2015. They have two sons. Plawecki is a Christian.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Hinsdale, Illinois
People from Westfield, Indiana
Baseball players from Illinois
Baseball players from Indiana
Purdue Boilermakers baseball players
Hyannis Harbor Hawks players
Major League Baseball catchers
New York Mets players
Cleveland Indians players
Boston Red Sox players
Texas Rangers players
Brooklyn Cyclones players
Savannah Sand Gnats players
St. Lucie Mets players
Binghamton Mets players
Las Vegas 51s players
American people of Polish descent
Jacob Slichter (born Jacob Huber Slichter, April 5, 1961) is an American musician. He is best known for being the drummer for the rock band Semisonic.
Early life
Slichter, the son of physicist Charles Slichter, was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He graduated from Harvard with a degree in African American studies and history. He is the drummer for the Minneapolis based rock band, Semisonic.
Career
Slichter, in 2004, wrote So You Wanna Be a Rock & Roll Star (), a book that details his experiences as a member of Semisonic and their journey through the recording industry. Kirkus Reviews wrote that "few first-person memoirs of the rock biz are as smart, honest, and entertaining as this tart, incisive work."
In 2006 Slichter said that payola was how his band Semisonic turned their song "Closing Time" into a hit. Slichter stated: "It cost something close to $700,000 to $800,000 to get 'Closing Time' on the air."
References
External links
Jacob by Jacob homepage
NPR: Drummer's Book Takes Shine off Rock-Star Life
Finding His Way: Jacob Slichter of Semisonic (Part I), An Interview by Richard Fulco, Construction Magazine, June 7, 2012
Finding His Way: Jacob Slichter of Semisonic (Part II), An Interview by Richard Fulco, Construction Magazine, June 14, 2012
"Jacob Slichter"
1961 births
Living people
American rock drummers
Harvard University alumni
Musicians from Minneapolis
Writers from Minnesota
Writers from Minneapolis
American male writers
Semisonic members
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
On 9 June 2004, a nail bomb detonated in Cologne, Germany, in a business area popular with immigrants from Turkey. Twenty-two people were wounded, with four sustaining serious injuries. A barber shop was destroyed; many shops and numerous parked cars were seriously damaged by the explosion and by the nails added to the bomb for extra damage. Authorities initially excluded the possibility of a terrorist attack. The bomb, which contained more than 800 nails, was hidden in a travel compartment on a bicycle left in front of the barber shop.
In November 2011, after having been accused by authorities of being responsible for a robbery in Eisenach, the neo-Nazi terrorist group National Socialist Underground (Nationalsozialistischer Untergrund) released a video claiming responsibility for the Cologne bombing.
The group's main members, Uwe Böhnhardt, Uwe Mundlos, and Beate Zschäpe, were also indicted with the killing of nine businessmen of Turkish and Greek origin between 2000 and 2006 (the National Socialist Underground murders) and the murder of Michèle Kiesewetter in 2007. Böhnhardt and Mundlos died in a murder-suicide, leaving only Zschäpe to be charged (among other charges) for the attempted murder of 23 people in the Cologne bombing, in the NSU trial.
The events of the 2017 film In the Fade, starring Diane Kruger as a German woman whose Kurdish husband and their child were killed in a nail bomb attack by Neo-Nazis, was inspired by the 2004 bombing.
See also
Hanau shootings
Murder of Michèle Kiesewetter
National Socialist Underground murders
Birlikte
References
2004 crimes in Germany
2000s in Cologne
Anti-Muslim violence in Europe
Crime in North Rhine-Westphalia
History of Cologne
Neo-Nazi attacks in Germany
June 2004 events in Europe
Terrorist incidents in Germany in 2004
Building bombings in Germany
Persecution of Turks in Germany
Edge of Eternity may refer to:
Edge of Eternity (film), 1959 film starring Cornel Wilde
At the Edge of Eternity, 1990 album by Hexenhaus, with guitarist, producer and engineer Mike Wead
Edge of Eternity, 1994 novel by Jasmine Cresswell
Edge of Eternity (novel), 2014 novel by Ken Follett
Edge of Eternity (video game), 2021 video game
See also
Cosmic Codes: Hidden Messages From the Edge of Eternity, 1999 book by American evangelical Christian author Chuck Missler
The Harry H. Nichols House is a historic house at 216 S. 4th Avenue in Maywood, Illinois. The house was built in 1894 for Harry H. Nichols, the former postmaster of Maywood and the son of village founder William T. Nichols. It was designed in the Queen Anne style, which was popular in the late nineteenth century; along with the Jacob Bohlander House, it is one of two large, formal Queen Anne homes in Maywood. The house's design includes a wraparound front porch with a balustrade, a gable with a sunburst design above the entrance, a projecting gabled bay on its south side, and a rectangular tower at its southeast corner. Neoclassical elements such as urns, columns, and cornices adorn its interior; these were most likely inspired by the architecture of the recent Columbian Exposition.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1894
Maywood, Illinois
Come Hold Me is the fifth studio album by the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1990 by Warner Records Nashville.
Content
"Drive South" and "Nothing's Gonna Bother Me Tonight" were both issued as singles from the album, both peaking at number 63 on Hot Country Songs in 1990.
Critical reception
Jerry Sharpe of The Pittsburgh Press gave the album a mixed review, saying that it had "too much rock coupled with so-so material". He praised the singles, along with the title track and "You'll Be Mine", as the strongest for their vocal performances.
Track listing
"Nothing's Gonna Bother Me Tonight" (Bernie Nelson, Allen Shamblin) - 3:05
"I Struck Gold" (Karen Staley, Gary Harrison) - 3:09
"Old Enough to Know" (Wendy Waldman, Franne Golde) - 3:47
"Between My Heart and Me" (Don Schlitz, Brent Maher) - 3:22
"Drive South" (John Hiatt) - 4:05
featuring The Bellamy Brothers
"Come Hold Me" (Johnny Neel, Joe Diffie) - 4:38
"You'll Be Mine" (Tom Campbell, Casey Kelly) - 3:34
"Born to Give My Love to You" (Mary Ann Kennedy, Pam Rose, Pat Bunch) - 3:15
"You Can't Have a Good Time Without Me" (Lisa Silver, Lewis Anderson, Russell Smith) - 3:22
"Better Be Some Tears" (Bill LaBounty, Beckie Foster, Kerry Chater) - 4:11
Personnel
Adapted from Come Hold Me liner notes.
The Forester Sisters
Christy Forester - lead vocals (4), harmony vocals (all other tracks)
June Forester - lead vocals (9), harmony vocals (all other tracks)
Kim Forester - lead vocals (1, 5, 6, 8), harmony vocals (all other tracks)
Kathy Forester - lead vocals (2, 3, 7, 10), harmony vocals (all other tracks)
Additional musicians
The Bellamy Brothers:
David Bellamy - additional lead vocals on "Drive South"
Howard Bellamy - harmony vocals on "Drive South"
Craig Bickhardt - acoustic guitar
Sam Bush - mandolin
Paul Franklin - steel guitar
Mark O'Connor - fiddle
Gary Prim - keyboards
Matt Rollings - piano
Brent Rowan - electric guitar
Harry Stinson - drums
Willie Weeks - bass guitar
Technical
Denny Purcell - mastering
Dennis Ritchie - recording, mixing
Wendy Waldman - producer
Chart performance
References
1990 albums
The Forester Sisters albums
Warner Records albums
Albums produced by Wendy Waldman
"Orchis Fatalis" is the third episode of the eighth season of British television show Midsomer Murders and the thirty-eighth episode overall. It stars John Nettles as Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby and Johns Hopkins as Detective Sergeant Dan Scott. It concerns the discovery of a very rare orchid, the yellow roth, and a number of murders seemingly committed in an attempt to acquire it.
Midsomer Murders episodes
2005 British television episodes
Wiesenttal is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Municipal subdivisions
Wiesenttal is divided into 21 parishes:
Albertshof
Birkenreuth
Draisendorf
Engelhardsberg
Gößmannsberg
Haag
Kuchenmühle
Muggendorf
Neudorf
Niederfellendorf
Oberfellendorf
Rauhenberg
Schottersmühle
Störnhof
Streitberg
Trainmeusel
Voigendorf
Wartleiten
Wohlmannsgesees
Wöhr
Wüstenstein
References
Forchheim (district)
The 1933 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1933 college football season.
Schedule
References
William & Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William & Mary Indians football
Eurydice is a 2003 play by Sarah Ruhl which retells the myth of Orpheus from the perspective of Eurydice, his wife. The story focuses on Eurydice's choice to return to earth with Orpheus or to stay in the underworld with her father (a character created by Ruhl). Ruhl made several changes to the original myth's story-line. The most noticeable of these changes was that in the myth Orpheus succumbs to his desires and looks back at Eurydice, while in Ruhl's version Eurydice calls out to Orpheus (causing him to look back) perhaps in part because of her fear of reentering the world of the living and perhaps as a result of her desire to remain in the land of the dead with her father. Ruhl's script has been explicitly written so as to be a playground for the designer of the sets.
The play was adapted by Ruhl for the libretto of an opera by the same name, with music composed by Matthew Aucoin, and directed by Mary Zimmerman. Eurydice premiered in Los Angeles in February 2020 and at the Metropolitan Opera on November 23, 2021. Its opening at the Met was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Productions
The play had its world premiere at Madison Repertory Theatre, Madison, Wisconsin, in September 2003. The play next was produced at Berkeley Repertory Theatre, California, in October to November 14, 2004. Directed by Les Waters, Associate Artistic Director, the cast featured Maria Dizzia as Eurydice and Daniel Talbott as Orpheus. It next was presented at Yale Repertory Theatre, New Haven, Connecticut, in September 2006 to October 14, directed by Les Waters, with Maria Dizzia (Eurydice) and Joseph Parks (Orpheus).
The play opened Off-Broadway at Second Stage Theater, running from June 18 to August 26, 2007. Directed by Les Waters, the cast featured Maria Dizzia as Eurydice, Joseph Parks as Orpheus, and Charles Shaw Robinson as Eurydice's Father. The play received several award nominations, including the 2008 Drama League Award, Distinguished Production of a Play, and the 2008 Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Set Design of a Play, (Scott Bradley). Charles Isherwood, reviewing for The New York Times, called it a "weird and wonderful new play."
The play has been produced by hundreds of high schools and universities.
Regional US productions
It has been staged at: Alliance Theatre in Atlanta, March–April 2008; the Wilma Theater (Philadelphia), May 2008 (with original live music by Toby Twining;) ACT Theatre in Seattle, September–October 2008; in October/November 2008 at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater; at the Round House Theatre in Bethesda, Maryland in 2009; in Theatre Ink's 2010–2011 season; by the Custom Made Theatre Co. in San Francisco in 2013; and at the Douglas Morrisson Theatre, Hayward, California, in May/June 2013. It ran at American Players Theatre (Spring Green, Wisconsin) under the direction of Tyne Rafaeli in June to October 2016. It was also performed at elite summer camp Stagedoor Manor, Loch Sheldrake, New York, in July 2019.
London
The play was presented in London at the Young Vic Theatre in May 2010, after a tour starting at the Drum Theatre, Plymouth, on February 25, 2010, and finally playing at the Young Vic's Maria Studio, starting in previews April 29. The play was directed by Bijan Sheibani with the cast that featured Osi Okerafor and Ony Uhiara.
Plot
The play consists of three movements, divided into numerous scenes: 7 in the first movement, 20 in the second movement, and 3 in the third movement.
The play begins with Eurydice and Orpheus, two young lovers, who are about to get married. In the underworld, Eurydice's dead father has managed to preserve his memory and his ability to read and write, and tries to send her letters. During the wedding, Eurydice goes outside to get a drink of water and she meets a man (the "Nasty Interesting Man") who tells her he has a letter from her father. Eurydice decides to go to his apartment to retrieve the letter, but as she leaves his apartment after resisting the man's attempts to seduce her, she trips and falls to her death on the stairs.
At the beginning of the second movement, there is no set change, but "the movement to the underworld is marked by the entrance of stones": Little Stone, Big Stone, and Loud Stone, who serve as a chorus.
Eurydice enters the underworld through an elevator, inside which it is raining. Upon arrival, she meets her father, who tries to reteach Eurydice about her past since she has lost her memory after being dipped in the river Lethe. The Stones try unsuccessfully to stop them, because the dead are not allowed to remember their past or speak in human language. Rooms are also not allowed in the underworld, but Eurydice's father creates one for her out of pieces of string. He gradually re-teaches her human language and her past. While the father is away at work, the lord of the underworld enters as a child riding a tricycle and attempts to seduce Eurydice, but fails.
Meanwhile, in the land of the living, Orpheus writes a letter to Eurydice, which her father delivers and reads to her. Orpheus also sends her a copy of the Complete Works of Shakespeare by attaching it to a piece of string, and Eurydice's father reads to her from King Lear. Orpheus sends another letter, and then resolves to go to the underworld himself to find her.
In the third movement, Orpheus arrives at the gates of the underworld, singing a song so powerful it makes the Stones weep. The lord of the underworld tells him that he may take Eurydice back, but only if he does not turn around to look at her. Eurydice is then faced with the decision to either stay with her father or go back with her husband. At her father's insistence, she follows Orpheus. But as she catches up to him, she calls out his name, and he turns to look at her, causing her to die a second death. Meanwhile, her father has decided that he wants to forget everything, and dips himself in the river again. When Eurydice returns, her father is lying silent on the ground, having lost all of his language and memory forever.
As Eurydice mourns her father, the lord of the underworld returns, having grown from a child to superhuman height. He orders her to be his bride. Eurydice pens a letter to Orpheus and his next wife, then immerses herself in the river and lies down in forgetfulness. Finally, Orpheus too enters from the elevator, having truly died this time. He finds Eurydice's letter to him, but because he has been dipped in the river, he cannot read it.
Opera
Ruhl adapted the play into the libretto for an opera, Eurydice by Matthew Aucoin, which premiered at the Los Angeles Opera on February 1, 2020.
References
Sources
External links
Eurydice, work details, sarahruhlplaywright.com
Plays by Sarah Ruhl
2003 plays
Off-Broadway plays
Orpheus
Plays adapted into operas
Jeff Povey is a Scottish screenwriter and author, best known for his extensive work in British television.
Career
After his two-man play Tidy, Povey started writing television since the early 1990s, with Stay Lucky. He has written multiple episodes of long running continuing dramas, such as Casualty, its spinoff Holby City, and EastEnders,.
Other television series, covering a wide array of genres, he wrote for include children's drama The Dumping Ground, action-adventures Hooten and the Lady and The Musketeers, and crime series such as Silent Witness, Kingdom and Midsomer Murders. In 2002, he directed the short film Blowing It.
In 2006 his first novel, The Serial Killers Club, was published. In 2014 his second novel (part of a trilogy) "SHIFT", was published. The second book in the trilogy was published on 23 April 2015, titled "DELETE". On 23 March 2017 the final book titled “ESCAPE” was released, concluding the trilogy.
References
External links
Interview at channel4.com
Blowing It screenplay at channel4.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Hitchin
People from Bridge of Allan
21st-century English novelists
British soap opera writers
British television writers
British male novelists
English screenwriters
English male screenwriters
English television producers
English soap opera writers
English male novelists
British male television writers
21st-century British screenwriters
21st-century English male writers
Sant Miquel (Catalan for Saint Michael) may refer to:
Buildings
Sant Miquel, Benedictine monastery in Cruïlles, Monells i Sant Sadurní de l'Heura, Catalonia, Spain
Sant Miquel del Fai, Benedictine monastery in Bigues i Riells, Catalonia, Spain
Places
Port de Sant Miguel, small beach resort on the north west coast of Ibiza
Sant Miquel de Balansat, village in the Spanish island of Ibiza
Sant Miquel de Campmajor, municipality in the comarca of Pla de l'Estany
Sant Miquel de Fluvià, municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà
Sant Miquel de Solterra, the highest mountain of the Guilleries Massif, Catalonia, Spain
See also
Miquel (disambiguation)
ISO 3166-2:TW is the entry for Taiwan, "Taiwan, Province of China", or "Taiwan (Province of China)", in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
ISO 3166-2:TW defines codes for the subdivisions of Taiwan located on the islands of Taiwan (Formosa), Penghu (Pescadores), Kinmen, Matsu (Lienchiang), and their subsidiary islands. These areas are de facto under the administration of the government of the Republic of China which resides in Taipei. The government of the People's Republic of China, which resides in Beijing, also claims these islands but considers ROC-held Fujian islands of Kinmen and Matsu to be within its Fujian Province, not its nominal Taiwan Province (ISO 3166-2 code: ).
Currently ISO 3166-2:TW lists 13 counties, 3 cities, and 6 special municipalities. Constitutionally the counties and cities are part of the ROC provinces of Taiwan and Fujian, but since the provincial governments were largely streamlined in 1998 these 22 subdivisions are regarded as the principal subdivisions of Republic of China (Taiwan).
Format
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Taiwan. The second part is three letters.
The divisions in the list are categorized in three types:
Cities: Romanized as shih () and formerly called "municipalities" in ISO 3166-2. The divisions carry City () in their official names.
Counties: Romanized as hsien () and formerly called "districts" in ISO 3166-2. The divisions carry County () in their official names.
Special municipalities: Romanized as chih-hsia-shih (). The divisions also carry City () in their official names.
Taiwan is currently assigned the ISO 3166-2 code under ISO 3166-2:CN, as China solely claims it as a province of China.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
See also
Administrative divisions of Taiwan
FIPS region codes of Taiwan
Taiwan, China#Taiwanese reactions
References
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: TW
Counties of Taiwan, Statoids.com
2:TW
ISO 3166-2
Taiwan geography-related lists
The Church of Our Lady and St Brigid, Northfield is a Roman Catholic parish church in Northfield, Birmingham.
History
A mission was established in 1918 in Steel Road. In 1930 land was acquired and a temporary church was erected in 1931. The current building was erected in 1936 to the designs of the architect Ernest Bower Norris. The church is of red brick with a clerestory nave with aisles, a chancel and south chapel. The bell tower is above the south west porch.
The church contains a large mural of the Resurrection which was painted by Neil Harvey and completed in 2000.
Organ
The church contained an organ by Harris Organ Ltd. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Birmingham, West Midlands
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1936
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Georges Van der Kerken (16 October 1888 – 3 December 1953) was a Belgian lawyer, colonial administrator and professor. He served as acting governor of Équateur Province in the Belgian Congo in 1922. He is known for his publications on the ethnology of peoples of the Belgian Congo.
Early years (1888–1914)
Georges-Jules-Pierre Van der Kerken was born in Ixelles on 16 October 1888.
His parents were Théophile Van der Kerken and Charlotte Béraud.
He obtained a doctorate in Law from the University of Brussels.
He married Jeanne Rogissart.
Colonial official (1914–1924)
From 1914 to 1919 Van der Kerken practiced law in Katanga Province as chief prosecutor, military auditor and judge.
From 1919 to 1924 he served in the administration of the province of Équateur.
He exercised in turn the functions of regional official, military auditor and district commissioner.
Van der Kerken acted as governor of Équateur when the governor Charles Duchesne was on leave from January to September 1922.
Academic (1924–1953)
Van der Kerken was a strong defender of indirect administration, a policy aimed at improving Africans while retaining their culture, traditions and language in a country that would one day have to administer itself.
After leaving the administration Van der Kerken became a professor at the in Antwerp, where he taught "Congolese ethnography" from 1924 to 1934.
In 1925 he was taught "Colonial economics and law" at the commercial school attached to the Faculty of Law in Ghent.
In 1926–1927 he undertook a mission for the trade unions in the Congo.
In 1927 he taught "Concepts on the governance of the Belgian Congo" and "The colonial nature and the legislation of Congo" at the Faculty of Law's commercial school, in 1935 gave a free course in "Legislation of the Belgian Congo as well as an overview of the foreign colonial institutions" at the commercial school.
From 1934 he taught "Institutions and customary law in Belgian Africa" at the Law Faculty of the State University in Ghent.
Van der Kerken was member of the Standing Committee of the Belgian Colonial Congress, member of the Executive Council of the International Institute of African Languages and Cultures in London, member of the International Colonial Institute which became the International Institute of Differing Civilizations after World War II (1939–1945), member of the Society of Africanists (Société des Africanistes) of Paris and member of the International Institute of Anthropology (Institut international d'Anthropologie) of Paris.
He was an associate member of the Royal Belgian Colonial Institute from 5 February 1930, full member from 9 November 1936, and director of the Section of Moral and Political Sciences in 1942. He ceased to participate in the activities of the Institute after the liberation of Belgium.
Georges Van der Kerken died in Woluwe-Saint-Lambert on 3 December 1953.
He was Grand Officer of the Order of Leopold II and bearer of decorations of the Royal Order of the Lion.
Publications
In the course of his duties, Van der Kerken was in constant contact with the local people in his area of jurisdiction.
He took every opportunity to question the chiefs and notables in their own language about their religious, family, social and political institutions.
He investigated the veracity of the information provided by the different groups of the same people, who sometimes lived miles apart.
He also interviewed missionaries, civil servants and magistrates, who provided him with important and original information gathered during their long stay in the native environment.
Félix Cattier proclaimed that Van der Kerken's first book, Les sociétés Bantoues du Congo belge et les problèrnes de la politique, was the standard work on the subject due to its broad and penetrating insight.
Notes
Sources
1888 births
1953 deaths
20th-century Belgian lawyers
People from Ixelles
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Governors of Équateur (former province)
Actua Golf (VR Golf '97 in North America) is a sports video game developed and published by Gremlin Interactive for PlayStation and Sega Saturn.
Gameplay
Actua Golf features two fictional golf courses. The game includes various modes, such as four-ball, match, skins, and stroke. Options such as mulligans and gimmes are also available. The player can select the golfer's outfit and skin color. Selectable weather conditions include dry, damp, and wet. Various camera angles are also featured. The game has several golf commentators, including Peter Alliss and Pat O'Brien.
Development and release
Actua Golf was developed and published by Gremlin Interactive. In Europe, it was released for the PlayStation in July 1996, followed by a Sega Saturn release that October. In North America, the game was released for the same consoles under the title VR Golf '97. The U.S. version was published by VR Sports, a division of Interplay. A Nintendo 64 version of VR Golf '97 was scheduled for release in late 1997, but it was cancelled.
Reception
GamePro reviewer "Air Hendrix" considered the PlayStation version a close competitor to PGA Tour 97. Reviewing the Sega Saturn version, Air Hendrix wrote that the game "has what PGA '97 doesn't have: fast, clean action and spectacular course graphics." The latter review concluded that while the game "has plenty of room to improve, it ranks at the top of this year's Saturn leaderboards." IGN stated that golf games "have never been a success for console systems" but that VR Golf '97 "beats the odds and successfully combines PC features and console gameplay." Two reviewers for Electronic Gaming Monthly (EGM) called the game addictive. A couple of reviewers for GameFan considered it among the best games available at that time, and two reviewers for Mean Machines Sega considered it the best golf game for the Saturn. Jeff Kitts of GameSpot, reviewing the PlayStation version, wrote that "there's nothing remotely 'VR,' as in virtual reality, about VR Golf '97." Kitts wrote, however, that the game "delivers just about everything, in terms of gameplay, one could ask for in a video game simulation."
The graphics received some praise. However, Kitts stated that the game did not take advantage of the PlayStation's capabilities and that it "fails miserably in the graphics department." Kitts stated that the environments were generic and "frightfully dull," and that the golfer "is downright droopy" and "a jagged-edged graphic disaster." Air Hendrix stated that the Saturn version was "a bit choppier" than its PlayStation counterpart, and wrote that the "smoothly moving players look far too elongated, which detracts from the realism." Edge considered the players to be "gangly".
The game's abundance of options was praised. The variety of camera angles received some praise as well. Air Hendrix considered the putting too easy, while Edge complained of inaccuracies regarding the putting system.
EGMs reviewers praised the commentary. Stephen Fulljames of Computer and Video Games wrote that Alliss "provides an accurate, and somewhat acerbic commentary throughout." Edge praised the inclusion of Alliss as commentator but stated that his remarks become repetitive. Kitts considered the commentary "boring and repetitive." Air Hendrix wrote that O'Brien "calls the play-by-play with accurate and often amusing commentary, though he does repeat himself a bit."
References
External links
1996 video games
Cancelled Nintendo 64 games
Golf video games
Gremlin Interactive games
PlayStation (console) games
Sega Saturn games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Vladimir Evgenievich Zotikov () ( – November 12, 1970) was a prominent Russian and Soviet scientist and textile engineer best known for having developed the theory of cotton-spinning. He devoted his life to the study and improvement of mechanical technology of fibrous materials.
Life and work
Born in Yalta, Crimea, his parents were Evgeny Zotikov, a mechanical engineer, and Elizaveta Zotikova née Savitskaya. He was educated first at home, then studied at Moscow private Realschule (Реальное училище) and Imperial Moscow Technical School (1911).
Honors
Honored Worker of Science and Technology of RSFSR (1963).
References
1887 births
1970 deaths
People from Yalta
People from Taurida Governorate
Bauman Moscow State Technical University alumni
Moscow State Textile University faculty
Soviet engineers
Tripp Pinnacle is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Western in Oneida County, north of Westernville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
"(I'm Watching) Every Little Move You Make" is a song, written by Paul Anka and originally recorded in 1963 by Little Peggy March.
In the same year, it became (under the title I'm watching) a hit for French singer Sylvie Vartan, who released it both in English and in French (under the title "Je ne vois que toi" on her 1963 album Twiste et chante).
Track listings
Little Peggy March version
7" single (RCA Victor 47-8302, 1963)
A. "After You" (2:25)
B. "(I'm Watching) Every Little Move You Make" (2:10)
Sylvie Vartan versions
7" EP I'm watching / Deux enfants / Ne t'en vas pas / Les clous d'or (RCA Victor 86.019, 1963)
A1. "Ne t'en vas pas" ("Comin' Home Baby") (2:12)
A2. "Deux enfants" (1:46)
B1. "(I'm Watching) Every Little Move You Make" (1:59)
B2. "Les clous d'or" (2:00)
7" single (RCA Victor 46 005, 1963)
A. "(Watching You) Every Little Move You Make"
B. "Je ne vois que toi" ("Watching You")
Charts
Little Peggy March version ("(I'm Watching) Every Little Move You Make")
Sylvie Vartan version ("I'm watching" / "Deux enfants" / "Ne t'en vas pas" / "Les clous d'or")
Other covers
The song has been covered by Paul Anka.
References
External links
Little Peggy March — "After You / (I'm Watching) Every Little Move You Make" (single) at Discogs
Sylvie Vartan – I'm watching / Deux enfants / Ne t'en vas pas / Les clous d'or (EP) at Discogs
Sylvie Vartan – "(Watching You) Every Little Move You Make / Je ne vois que toi" (single) at Discogs
1963 songs
1963 singles
Peggy March songs
Sylvie Vartan songs
Paul Anka songs
RCA Victor singles
Songs written by Paul Anka
The Women's 100 metre breaststroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 17 and 18 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 17 May at 10:29.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 17 May at 18:42.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 18 May at 18:57.
References
Women's 100 metre breaststroke
2016 in women's swimming
Tage Danielsson (; 5 February 1928 – 13 October 1985) was a Swedish author, actor, poet and film director. He is best known for his collaboration with Hans Alfredson in the comedy duo Hasse & Tage.
Career
After graduation from Katedralskolan in Linköping, Danielsson matriculated at the University of Uppsala in 1949. There he got involved in student theatre of Östgöta Nation and became a member of the Juvenalorden, as well as serving as vice president of the Uppsala Student Union.
After graduation, Tage Danielsson found work at Sveriges Radio in 1955. From 1959 to 1962 he was the manager for its entertainment department. At his work he came in contact with Hans Alfredson. They started the entertainment production company AB Svenska Ord (Swedish Words Ltd) together in 1961.
In 1972 at the 8th Guldbagge Awards he won the Best Director award for the film The Apple War. At the 12th Guldbagge Awards his film Release the Prisoners to Spring won the award for Best Film. At the 14th Guldbagge Awards his film The Adventures of Picasso won the award for Best Film.
Svenska Ord in general, and Danielsson in particular, excelled in making scorching comments on current events in an illusorily naive and outward-lookingly friendly way that often succeeded to endear even political opponents to his particular brand of humorist humanism. He was also a constant campaigner behind the scene for causes ranging from Anti-Apartheid to Anti-Nuclear to social solidarity, he was also a regular contributor to the anarcho-syndicalist newspaper Arbetaren.
In 1980 he received an honorary doctorate at Linköping University. His death in 1985 was from skin cancer (Malignant melanoma). A statue of him can be seen just outside the grounds of his old school. In 1985 his 1984 film Ronia, the Robber's Daughter, based on Astrid Lindgren's 1981 book Ronia the Robber's Daughter, was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
Selected filmography
Film
Swedish Portraits (Svenska bilder) (1964) – Cousin Nr 1
Docking the Boat (Att angöra en brygga) (1965) – Olsson
Stimulantia (1967) – (Segment)
Skrållan, Ruskprick och Knorrhane (1967) – Knorrhane
Lådan (1968)
Out of an Old Man's Head (I huvet på en gammal gubbe) (1968) – Bilförare (uncredited)
The Apple War (Äppelkriget) (1971) – Bernhard Lindberg
The Man Who Quit Smoking (Mannen som slutade röka) (1972)
Egg! Egg! A Hardboiled Story (1975) – Head Waiter
Release the Prisoners to Spring (Släpp fångarne loss, det är vår!) (1975) – Hennes vän
The Adventures of Picasso (Picassos äventyr) (1978)
SOPOR (1981)
P & B (1983) – Drunkard
Ronia, the Robber's Daughter (Ronja Rövardotter) (1984)
False as Water (1985) – Party Guest (uncredited) (final film role)
Television
Gröna hund (1962, TV Movie)
Gula hund (1966, TV Movie)
Spader, Madame! (1969, TV Movie) – Gabriel von Löwensköld
Glaset i örat (1974, TV Movie)
Svea hund på Göta Lejon (1976, TV Movie)
References
External links
1928 births
1985 deaths
Litteris et Artibus recipients
People from Linköping
Swedish entertainers
Swedish-language writers
Swedish film directors
Uppsala University alumni
Sommar (radio program) hosts
Deaths from melanoma
Deaths from cancer in Sweden
Swedish comedians
Swedish atheists
Best Director Guldbagge Award winners
20th-century Swedish male actors
20th-century Swedish comedians
Amirabad (, also Romanized as Amīrābād; also known as Shahīdābād) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 17 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Caliban ( ), son of the witch Sycorax, is an important character in William Shakespeare's play The Tempest.
His character is one of the few Shakespearean figures to take on a life of its own "outside" Shakespeare's own work: as Russell Hoban put it, "Caliban is one of the hungry ideas, he's always looking for someone to word him into being ... Caliban is a necessary idea".
Character
Caliban is half human, half monster. After his island becomes occupied by Prospero and his daughter Miranda, Caliban is forced into slavery. While he is referred to as a calvaluna or mooncalf, a freckled monster, he is the only human inhabitant of the island that is otherwise "not honour'd with a human shape" (Prospero, I.2.283). In some traditions, he is depicted as a wild man, or a deformed man, or a beast man, or sometimes a mix of fish and man, a dwarf or even a tortoise.
Banished from Algiers, Sycorax was left on the isle, pregnant with Caliban, and died before Prospero's arrival. Caliban, despite his inhuman nature, clearly loved and worshipped his mother, referring to Setebos as his mother's god, and appealing to her powers against Prospero. Prospero explains his harsh treatment of Caliban by claiming that after initially befriending him, Caliban attempted to rape Miranda. Caliban confirms this gleefully, saying that if he had not been stopped, he would have peopled the island with a race of Calibans – "Thou didst prevent me, I had peopled else this isle with Calibans" (Act I:ii). Prospero then entraps Caliban and torments him with harmful magic if Caliban does not obey his orders. Resentful of Prospero, Caliban takes Stephano, one of the shipwrecked servants, as a god and as his new master. Caliban learns that Stephano is neither a god nor Prospero's equal in the conclusion of the play, however, and Caliban agrees to obey Prospero again.
Be not afeard; the isle is full of noises
Sounds, and sweet airs, that give delight and hurt not.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments
Will hum about mine ears; and sometime voices
That, if I then had waked after long sleep,
Will make me sleep again; and then in dreaming,
The clouds me thought would open, and show riches
Ready to drop upon me, that when I waked
I cried to dream again.
Name
There is a long history of enthusiastic speculation on the name's origin or derivation.
One of the most prominent suggestions concerns Caliban being an anagram of the Spanish word (Carib people), the source of cannibal in English. The character may be seen as a satire on "Noble cannibal" from Montaigne's Essays (A.30, "Of Cannibals").
Also popular has been comparison to or in the Romani language, which mean black or with blackness.
The first Romanichal had arrived in England a century before Shakespeare's time.
Since 1889, it has been suggested that Shakespeare may have named Caliban after the Tunisian city Calibia (now called Kelibia) that is seen on maps of the Mediterranean dating to 1529.
Many other, though less notable, suggestions have been made, primarily in the 19th century, including an Arabic word for "vile dog", a Hindu "satyr of Kalee, the Hindu Proserpine", German ("codfish"), etc.
Notable portrayals
Ralph Richardson played Caliban on radio in a 1933 BBC National Programme production.
In the 1960 Hallmark Hall of Fame television adaptation, Caliban was played by Richard Burton.
In the 1960 Marlowe Dramatic Society And Professional Players unabridged recording (Argo Records, 216-218), Caliban is played by Patrick Wymark.
In the 1963 RSC production, Caliban was played by Roy Dotrice.
In the 1964 Shakespeare Recording Society unabridged recording (Caedmon Records, SRS 201), Caliban is played by Hugh Griffith.
In the 1974 BBC Radio 3 production, Caliban is played by Patrick Stewart.
In the 1978 RSC production directed by Clifford Williams, Caliban was played by David Suchet.
In Derek Jarman's 1979 film adaptation, Caliban is portrayed by Jack Birkett.
In the 1980 BBC Television adaptation, Caliban was portrayed by Warren Clarke.
In the 1982 RSC production, Caliban was played by Bob Peck.
Caliban appears as the wild and lustful Greek Kalibanos (played by Raúl Juliá) in Paul Mazursky's film adaptation Tempest (1982).
In the 1983 Bard Productions videotaped production, Caliban was played by William Hootkins.
In Peter Greenaway's 1991 film Prospero's Books, Caliban was played by Scottish dancer Michael Clark.
In the 1992 animated version, Caliban was voiced by Alun Armstrong.
David Troughton played Caliban in the 1993 RSC production.
In the 1998 RSC production, Caliban was played by Robert Glenister.
Caliban appears as the bayou-dwelling "Gator Man" (played by John Pyper-Ferguson) in Jack Bender's 1998 TV film The Tempest (set in Mississippi during the Civil War).
In the 2000 RSC production, Caliban was played by Zubin Varla.
Adrian Herrero danced Caliban in the choreographic adaptation of The Tempest (La Tempestad) by the Ballet Contemporáneo of the Teatro General San Martín in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 2008.
In the 2009 RSC production, Caliban was played by John Kani.
In Julie Taymor's 2010 film adaptation, Caliban is portrayed by Djimon Hounsou.
In Phyllida Lloyd's 2017 all-female Donmar Warehouse production set in a women's prison and performed by its inmates, Caliban was played by Sophie Stanton.
Other works
In the 1844 preface to his main work, World as Will and Representation, the philosopher Schopenhauer refers to Hegel as a "spiritual Caliban".
In the 1900 essay Ariel by Uruguayan author José Enrique Rodó, Caliban is the antagonist.
In the film Clash of the Titans, the main antagonist is a character based on Caliban named Kalibos, the evil son of the sea goddess Thetis, transformed by Zeus from a handsome man into a monster as punishment for his malevolence.
In the 1956 science fiction film Forbidden Planet, Caliban is re-imagined as "the Monster from the Id", a wild and violent monster that is invisible to the naked eye. The monster later turns out to be born of the subconscious of the film's Prospero character, Dr. Morbius, using the advanced technology of the Krell. Like Caliban, the monster ultimately rebels and attempts to kill its master. Captain Adams confronts Dr. Morbius with the fact that he is giving form to his subconscious, and his guilty conscience, from having brought it into existence, finally ends the monster's destructive rampage.
In John Fowles's 1963 novel The Collector, Miranda refers to her kidnapper as Caliban.
In J. G. Ballard's 1965 novel The Drought, Lomax refers to Quilter as his Caliban.
In the 1965 movie Doctor Zhivago, during the scene where Victor Komarovsky convinces Zhivago to allow him to rescue Lara by taking her to Vladivostok, Komarovsky refers to himself as a Caliban: "Do you accept the protection of this ignoble Caliban on any terms that Caliban cares to make?"
Caliban was the central character in James Clouser's rock ballet Caliban, a 90-minute adaptation of The Tempest that was scored with live performances by St. Elmo's Fire. The rock ballet was performed in Houston, Dallas, and Chicago in 1976 and 1977.
Caliban is the name of a character from Marvel comics. He is an albino mutant who lives underground with the Morlocks.
In the Swedish 1989 film The Journey to Melonia, an animated film loosely inspired by The Tempest, there is a character named Caliban, a creature whose face consists of mainly vegetables. Unlike Caliban in The Tempest, this Caliban is kind at heart, and even becomes a hero later in the film.
Caliban is the central character in two works of fiction that act as both re-tellings of and sequels to The Tempest: Caliban's Hour by Tad Williams (HarperCollins, 1994, ) and Rough Magic by Caryl Cude Mullin (Second City Press, 2009, ). In both works, Caliban is a more noble character and presented more than Prospero's victim rather than the villain in Shakespeare's play.
Caliban is a supporting character in Grace Tiffany's novel Ariel (HarperCollins, 2005, ), another re-telling of The Tempest; rather than having a monstrous shape, he grows up to be a handsome teenager, with his only deformity being a twisted left leg, and it is Ariel's cruel illusions and deceptions that make Prospero see him as a monster.
Caliban is featured as an antagonist in Dan Simmons' Ilium/Olympos duology (2003, 2005).
Rob Thurman's Cal Leandros series (first published 2006) centres around Caliban "Cal" Leandros, a half-human, half-Auphe (a nightmarish monster) hybrid who kills monsters for fun and cash in NYC with his human brother and their sleazy cohort, car-salesman Robin Goodfellow. This Cal struggles for control every day against his monster half, dealing with sarcasm and dark humor.
Caliban's War is the title of the second novel of The Expanse series, a space opera by James S. A. Corey.
The 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony (directed by Danny Boyle) titled Isles of Wonder (a name inspired by The Tempest) was heavily influenced by The Tempest. The musical piece played during the torch lighting ceremony was entitled "Caliban's Dream", and Caliban's monologue from Act 3, Scene ii was quoted by Kenneth Branagh in character as Isambard Kingdom Brunel at the start of the Industrial Revolution set piece. "And I Will Kiss", the title of another specially commissioned track from the ceremony, is also a quote from The Tempest (2:2:148-149). These two songs also appeared on the ceremony's official soundtrack. The 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony also featured a recitation of the same monologue, this time by Timothy Spall playing Winston Churchill.
In the preface of The Picture of Dorian Gray, Oscar Wilde muses: "The nineteenth century dislike of Realism is the rage of Caliban seeing his own face in a glass. The nineteenth century dislike of Romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass."
In The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, Caliban is a prince of Hell competing for Sabrina's throne, portrayed by Sam Corlett.
In the setting of the tabletop game Warhammer 40,000, Caliban is the name of a planet full of grand forests prowled by man-eating monsters. It is the homeworld of Lion El'Jonson, a wild child who is found and civilized by a knight named Luther, and is later revealed to be the Primarch of the Dark Angels Space Marine Chapter. Several hundred years later, Caliban is destroyed in a battle between Lion and Luther.
In the book Ilium, Caliban is a destructive, powerful humanlike entity who vacillates who he serves; at one point he served Prospero (the noosphere's personification), later works only for himself, but also sometimes aligned with the malevolent destroyer of worlds Setebos.
See also
Arielismo
References
External links
Caliban at Sunset, a poem by P. G. Wodehouse.
"Caliban Upon Setebos, a poem by Robert Browning.
Shakespeare Birthplace Trust - list of past RSC productions
Literary characters introduced in 1611
Male Shakespearean characters
Fictional half-demons
Fictional monsters
Fictional slaves
Characters in The Tempest
Shakespeare villains
Aleko Konstantinov () (1 January 1863 – 11 May 1897) (NS: 13 January 1863 – 23 May 1897) was a Bulgarian writer, best known for his character Bay Ganyo, one of the most popular characters in Bulgarian fiction.
Life and career
Born to an affluent trader in the Danube River town of Svishtov, he attended the Faculty of Law of Odessa University (formerly the Imperial Novorossiya University), graduating in 1885. He worked as a lawyer in Sofia before embarking on a career as a writer. His first novel, organized as a collection of short stories, Bay Ganyo (translating to uncle Ganyo), describes the travels of an itinerant peddler of rose oil and rugs through Western Europe. Though impertinent and clumsy, Bay Ganyo proves to be ingenious and is considered by some scholars to be a mirror for a modernizing Bulgaria. The character is believed to be based on a Karlovo tradesman, Ganyo Somov.
Konstantinov, a cosmopolitan traveler, was the first Bulgarian to write about his visits to Western Europe and America. His visits to the World Exhibitions in Paris in 1889, Prague in 1891 and Chicago in 1893 - including a visit to Niagara Falls - provided Bulgarian readers, who had recently gained independence from nearly 500 years of Turkish Ottoman oppression, with a portrait of the developed world. To Chicago and Back (where Bay Ganyo appears again), his travel notes from his American trip, spurred a lasting interest in Chicago, which today boasts the largest concentration of Bulgarian immigrants in the United States. There is a bust of the writer in the University of Chicago's Regenstein Library and a section of Irving Park Road in Chicago is named after him.
He was assassinated in 1897 near Radilovo while traveling to Peshtera, most likely by mistake with the intended target being his friend (a local politician), with whom he had changed places in their coach shortly before the fatal shot. However, there exists also a version that his essays, exposing the hidden insidious intentions of the rulers of his day, led to his assassination.
Aleko Konstantinov is believed to have initiated the tourist movement in Bulgaria. Two of Vitosha's hotels are named after him – "Aleko" and "Shtastlivetsa" ("The Happy Man", the nickname he gave to himself in one of his short stories).
Konstantinov is portrayed on the obverse of the Bulgarian 100 levs banknote, issued in 2003.
See also
Aleko Point
References
Further reading
Gavrail Panchev: Aleko Konstantinov – Biografia 1
Gavrail Panchev: Aleko Konstantinov – Biografia 2
Gavrail Panchev: Ubiistvoto Na Aleko Konstantinov. Literaturen forum 1997;
In English
Bai Ganyo: incredible tales of a modern Bulgarian, various translators, University of Wisconsin Press (2010). .
External links
1863 births
1897 deaths
People from Svishtov
Democratic Party (Bulgaria) politicians
Bulgarian satirists
19th-century Bulgarian novelists
People murdered in Bulgaria
Bulgarian murder victims
Deaths by firearm in Bulgaria
Burials at Central Sofia Cemetery
Odesa University alumni
19th-century Bulgarian lawyers
Carl Alberg (11 April 1901 – 31 August 1986) was a Swedish born naval architect known for his influence in early fiberglass boats.
Career
Alberg moved to the United States in 1925 where he began working as a rigger then later as a spar maker. Alberg was then hired by John Alden as a designer.
His successful career and current fame as a designer however can be linked back to his partnership with Pearson Yachts and early fiberglass yacht construction. Their first collaboration was the Pearson Triton, a 28 foot fiberglass yacht which today is still frequently seen sailing oceans around the world. Alberg later designed several other models for Pearson yachts. He also designed the first model for Bristol yachts.
One of his most famous and popular designs is also one of his earliest, the Alberg 30 which was built by Whitby Boatworks in Canada as a one design club racer. This boat had a record breaking production run of over 750 boats spanning 22 years and proved a good platform for ocean cruising.
Another successful partnership was with Cape Dory Yachts who produced 10 different models designed by Alberg.
Designs
Alberg's boat designs include:
Malabar Junior - 1935
Coastwise Crusier - 1938
Hinckley 21 - 1946
US One-Design - 1946
Pearson Triton - 1958
Sea Sprite 23 - 1958
Odyssey 30 - 1960
Pearson Electra - 1960
Alberg 35 - 1961
Hawk 16 - 1961
Alberg 30 - 1962
Arial 26 - 1962
Pearson Ensign - 1962
Douglas 22 - 1963
North American 22 - 1963
Commander 26 - 1964
Jouet Triton - 1965
South Coast 21 - 1965
South Coast 23 - 1965
Bristol 19 - 1966
Bristol 27 - 1966
Corinthian 19 - 1966
Kittiwake 23 - 1966
Alberg 37 - 1967
South Coast 22 - 1968
Alberg 22 - 1970
Alberg 23 - 1970
Cape Dory 28 - 1974
Typhoon 18 - 1974
Alberg 29 - 1976
Cape Dory 30C - 1976
Cape Dory 30K - 1976
Cape Dory 27 - 1977
Cape Dory 36 - 1978
Eclipse 6.7 - 1978
Cape Dory 33 - 1980
Cape Dory 22 - 1981
Cape Dory 25D - 1981
Cape Dory 45 - 1982
Cape Dory 31 - 1983
Alberg 34 - 1984
Cape Dory 26 - 1984
Cape Dory 40 - 1984
Typhoon Senior - 1984
Cape Dory 330 - 1985
Cape Dory 32 - 1986
Robinhood 36 - 1992
Robinhood 40 - 1996
External links
Carl Alberg's bio and list of designs at sailboat.guide
Lists of boats designed by Carl Alberg
References
Swedish yacht designers
1986 deaths
1901 births
Amazing Azerbaijan! is a 2013 British documentary film directed by Liz Mermin and produced by Aisling Ahmed.
Synopsis
Amazing Azerbaijan! pulls back the glittery facade that this oil-rich nation presented to the world when hosting Eurovision 2012, telling personal stories of human rights abuses to which Europe's leaders have turned a blind eye. The film looks at Azerbaijan in the run-up to the 2012 Eurovision Song Contest, which took place in Baku. It features interviews with Eurovision contestants and aspiring contestants, politicians, human rights activists, investigative journalists, and members of the public, and contrasts the image the government presents to the outside world with first-person accounts of torture, arrest, and abuse by the government.
Production
The film is directed by Liz Mermin, produced by Aisling Ahmed, edited by Herbert Hunger, and features music by James Burrell. It was broadcast across Europe during the week of Eurovision 2012. It is distributed by DR Sales Denmark The film received a Bertha (now Doc Society) outreach grant, at which point it was lengthened to include an interview with the 2012 Eurovision song-contest winner Loreen.
Soundtracks
The documentary has these songs/scores—
And they shall rise
My freedom
References
External links
2013 films
German documentary films
Documentary films about politicians
Azerbaijani documentary films
Politics of Azerbaijan
2013 documentary films
Films about the Eurovision Song Contest
2010s English-language films
British documentary films
2010s British films
2010s German films
Emperor Alexander was launched in Sweden in 1808. She entered British records in 1812. She traded between Liverpool and Rotterdam and was last listed in 1820
Career
Emperor Alexander first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1812 with C.Hanson, master, Thornton, owner, and trade London–Baltic.
On 2 February 1814 Emperor Alexander, Hanson, master, was coming into Liverpool from Rhode Island when she fell on her side at the entrance to St George's Dock. She became very leaky; her cargo was being landed with damage.
Citations
1808 ships
Ships built in Sweden
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Policarpio Calizaya Huaca (born September 10, 1962) is a retired long-distance runner from Bolivia, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988. He was the oldest member at the 1996 Summer Olympics for Bolivia, and carried the flag at the opening ceremony.
Achievements
References
1962 births
Living people
Bolivian male marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Bolivia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1991 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Bolivia
The 2011 Russian Figure Skating Championships () was held on December 26–29, 2010 in Saransk. The junior competition was held on February 2–4, 2011 in Kazan. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The results could be used to help determine the teams for the 2011 World Championships and the 2011 European Championships.
Competitions
Medalists of most important competitions
Senior Championships
Schedule
(All times GMT+3)
Sunday, December 26, 2010
14:00–14:30 Opening ceremony
14:45–16:15 Ice dancing – Short dance
16:30–18:30 Pairs – Short programs
18:45–21:15 Men – Short skating
Monday, December 27
14:00–16:30 Ladies – Short programs
16:45–19:05 Pairs – Free skating
19:20–22:20 Men – Free skating
Tuesday, December 28
14:00–16:50 Ladies – Free skating
17:05–19:05 Ice dancing – Free dance
Wednesday, December 29
16:00–16:30 Award ceremonies
16:45–19:15 Exhibition skates
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior Championships
The 2011 Russian Junior Figure Skating Championships were held in Kazan on February 2–4, 2011.
Schedule
(All times GMT+3)
February 2
14:00 Men – Short program
17:30 Pairs – Short program
19:45 Ice dancing – Short dance
February 3
12:00 Ladies – Short program
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
International team selections
European Championships
The team to the 2011 European Championships was announced as follows:
At the previous European Championships, Russia earned three spots each in pair skating and ice dancing and two spots each in the singles events.
Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov were ineligible due to a nationality change.
Adelina Sotnikova and Elizaveta Tuktamysheva were ineligible due to age.
Winter Universiade
The team for the 2011 Winter Universiade was announced as follows:
World Championships
The team to the 2011 World Championships was announced following the results of the European Championships.
At the previous World Championships, Russia earned three berths in pair skating, two in ladies and ice dance, and one in men's skating.
Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov become eligible after completing their one-year disqualification period due to a nationality change.
Adelina Sotnikova and Elizaveta Tuktamysheva remain ineligible due to age.
World Junior Championships
The team to the 2011 World Junior Championships was announced as follows:
References
External links
Senior results
Senior schedule
Mordovia Sport – Russian Figure Skating Championships, Saransk 2011
Junior results
Ladies SP
1-3 Protocol
4-6 protocol
7-9 protocol
10-12 protocol
13-15 protocol
16 protocol
Ladies FS
Sotnikova and leonova details
Tuktamysheva and Lipnitskaya details
Sheveleva and Makarova details
Shelepen and Biryukova details
Korobeinikova and Agafanova details
Men SP
1-3 details
4-6 details
7-9 details
10-12 details
13-15 details
16-17 details
Men FS
Menshov and Gachinski details
Voronov and Bush details
Gorshkov and Tretiakov details
Bariev and Leushin details
Dmitriev and Sezganov details
Sakhmatov and Kovtun details
Pairs FS
Volosozhar/ Trankov and Kavaguti/Smirnov
Bazarova/Larionov and Iliushenkina/Maisuradze
Gerboldt/Enbert and Stolbova/Klimov
Martiusheva/Rogonov and Mukhortova/Blanchard
Free Dance
1-2 details
3-4 details
5-6 details
7-8 details
9-10 details
Russian Figure Skating Championships
Russian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Russian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
December 2010 sports events in Russia
January 2011 sports events in Russia
Cuisine in the early modern world varied through the location and the resources available. There are many factors that play a part into an area's cuisine, with a few being religions, location, and status. Diets across the early modern world varied throughout time and location. The most prominent religions in the early modern era were Islam, Buddhism, and Christianity and each of these religions had their own views on what could be consumed. Trade and status also influenced the diet consumed in a particular region. Trade changed the available resources and allowed for luxury goods to be incorporated into the local region's supply.
Factors of cuisine
Religions, such as Islam, Buddhism, and Christianity, played a factor into the available diet through having specific dietary restraints and regulations. There are some religions, such as the Islamic faith, that specify how certain foods must be consumed or removed from the diet. Other religions have general guidelines as to which foods can be consumed, such as the vegetarian lifestyle that is a basic principle in the Buddhist religion. However, some religions had little to no dietary restrictions, such as the Christian principle of only drinking alcohol in moderate amounts.
Early modern trade was essential to cuisine as various information and goods were traded and developed. Major trading items included food items, silk, fur, and knowledge of trade routes to merchants. One of the most influential trade routes were the fishing routes as they provided a consistent food source as well as held economic power. The spice trade was essential to the trade and development of certain food items and cuisines as well as to providing the connection of trade routes to other continents, specifically the New World.
Location
The geographic region largely determined the type and amount of food that would be available naturally and through trade. Diets also varied depending on climate as each climate created different environments for specific plants and animals to live in, both of which work together to produce diets for that region. One notable difference would be that tropical regions having more natural vegetation incorporated into that region's diet while arctic regions depend on the fishing industry.
Trade also was a large influence in which items were available and able to be traded and thus, spread to other regions. The early modern world saw the expansion of the spice trade through Spanish, Dutch, and Chinese trade routes. Following the established trade routes of the Spice Trade, items that were circulated includes pepper, cotton, aromatics, slaves, animals, jewels, clothing, and dyes. In addition to goods being traded, knowledge of food preparation and also worked to add to the field of botany.
Status Differences
Status is another factor that played into the available diet and is reflected in the different diets between the peasants and the upper class. The upper class had more wealth and access to various goods and trade opportunities, allowing their diet to include more luxury goods, items that were more expensive and refined. Peasants in the early modern world commonly ate a diet that consisted of "gruels, pottages, and ... grains". Peasants often were farmers, cultivating food items and non-food items, with the most common items being cotton, rice, and sugar cane. The upper class also had access to more techniques and technologies which provided a foundation to the cuisine specific to a certain region or territories. Technology in the early modern period include mills, simple grindstones, food-processing technologies, etc.
Luxury goods
With the expansion of trade, a wider variety of luxury goods were able to be traded and incorporated into the region's diet. Luxury goods were often goods or food items that were not natural to the region and were only available through specific trade routes. The upper class had access to these items and held "banquets [that were] as opulent as possible, with as many rich dishes as possible, larger quantities of food, and extravagant use of spices". The Spice Trade allowed spices as well as currency, like gold, to become less of a luxury as over time they became incorporated as common goods through trade or were consistently available through merchants' supplies.
References
Cuisine
Early Modern period
The 2023 Men's Oceania Cup will be the twelfth edition of the Men's Oceania Cup after the cancellation of the 2022 edition due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the biennial international men's field hockey championship of Oceania organised by the Oceania Hockey Federation. It will be held in August 2023. The exact venue and dates are yet to be confirmed.
Australia is the defending champions, having won all previous editions. The winner will qualify for the 2024 Summer Olympics.
See also
2023 Women's Oceania Cup
References
Oceania Cup
Oceania Cup
Oceania Cup, 2021 Men
This is a list of number-one albums of 2021 in Poland, per the OLiS chart.
Chart history
See also
List of number-one singles of 2021 (Poland)
References
Number-one albums
Poland
2021
, provisional designation , is a trans-Neptunian object located in the Kuiper belt in the outermost region of the Solar System, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 16 March 2013, by American astronomers Scott Sheppard and Chad Trujillo at the CTIO in Chile. Numbered in 2018, this minor planet has not been named.
Orbit and classification
is a trans-Neptunian object (TNO), located beyond the orbit of Neptune (30.1 AU). The Johnston's archive classifies it as an unspecific "other TNO", meaning that the minor planet is neither a resonant nor a classical TNO. Taking the mean of the two magnitudes, and using the standard 0.25 ~ 0.05 range for minor planets of unknown albedo, a wide 335 to 748 km spread can be estimated for the diameter.
orbits the Sun at a distance of 37.6–58.7 AU once every 334 years and 1 month (122,013 days; semi-major axis of 48.14 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.22 and an inclination of 14° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with a precovery taken by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey on 20 February 2001, over 10 years prior to its official discovery observation at Cerro Tololo. The object was first announced on 2 April 2014, when American astronomers Scott Sheppard and Chad Trujillo at the CTIO in Chile published their observations in a Minor Planet Electronic Circular. At the time the object was at 49 AU from the Sun and had an apparent magnitude of 21.1. The Pan-STARRS-1 survey at the Haleakala Observatory, Hawaii, in the United States also found precovery observations of 2013 FZ27 after 2013 FZ27 was announced and reported them to the Minor Planet Center at a later date.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet was numbered by the Minor Planet Center on 25 September 2018 (). The body was given the wrong discovery credit in the initial MPC Circular and The Minor Planet Center issued an erratum on April 6, 2019 on MPC 112429 correcting the mistake and gives the discovery credit of 2013 FZ27 to Scott S. Sheppard and Chad Trujillo. As of August 2019, it has not been named.
Physical characteristics
Diameter and albedo
According to Michael Brown and the Johnston's archive, measures 561 and 584 kilometers in diameter, based on an absolute magnitude of 4.6 and 4.4 respectively. Both sources assume a standard albedo of 0.09 for the body's surface. As of 2018, no physical characteristics have been determined from photometric observations. The body's rotation period, pole and shape remain unknown.
See also
List of Solar System objects most distant from the Sun
Notes
References
External links
MPEC 2014-G07 : 2013 FZ27, Minor Planet Electronic Circular
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (520001)-(525000) – Minor Planet Center
523671
523671
523671
20101215
John Luke (19 January 1906 – 4 February 1975) was an Irish artist. He was born in Belfast at 4 Lewis Street. The fifth of seven sons and one daughter of James Luke and his wife Sarah, originally from Ahoghill. He attended the Hillman Street National School and in 1920 went to work at the York Street Flax Spinning Company. He went on soon after to become a riveter at the Workman, Clark shipyard and whilst working there he enrolled in evening classes at the Belfast College of Art.
He excelled at the college under the tutelage of Seamus Stoupe and Newton Penpraze. His contemporaries included Romeo Toogood, Harry Cooke Knox, George MacCann, and Colin Middleton. In 1927 he won the coveted Dunville Scholarship which enabled him to attend the Slade School of Art in London, where he studied painting and sculpture under the celebrated Henry Tonks, who greatly influenced his development as a draughtsman.
Luke remained at the Slade School until 1930, in which year he won the Robert Ross Scholarship. On leaving the Slade he stayed in London, intent on establishing himself in the art world. For a time he shared a flat with fellow-Ulsterman F.E. McWilliam (1909–1992), and enrolled as a part-time student of Walter Bayes at the Westminster School of Art to study wood-engraving. He began to exhibit his work and in October 1930 showed two paintings, The Entombment and Carnival, in an exhibition of contemporary art held at Leger Galleries. The latter composition, depicting a group of masked merry-makers, was singled out by the influential critic, P.G. Konody of the Daily Mail (3 October 1930), as 'one of the most attractive features of the exhibition'. But the economic climate was deteriorating and a year later, at the end of 1933, he was driven back to Belfast by the recession. He remained in Belfast, apart from a time during the Second World War when he went to Killylea, County Armagh.
Technique and Style
Luke painted in the style known as Regionalism (art), whose main proponents were Thomas Hart Benton (painter), Grant Wood, John Steuart Curry and Harry Epworth Allen. John Luke's painting technique was painstakingly slow, his manner precise. 'I'm afraid I'm very much a one job man,' he once wrote to John Hewitt, continuing: 'my strength lies in making the most of one job at a time, in sustained thought and effort, to bring it to the highest level of organisation and completeness I desire: the other way I lead to disintegrate in looseness and frustration with its inevitable weakness.' The precision characteristic of his work was manifested, too, in his appearance and personal manner. Dark haired, in stature he was erect and spare of build. Always tidy, his clothes brushed, his hair short, he was, in Hewitt's words, 'not at all close to the romantic stereotype of the artist'.
Inspiration
Apart from his work as a practising artist, he taught from time to time in the Belfast College of Art, where he influenced a generation of students 'especially in the matter of drawing', as he once put it. Although principally a painter, throughout his career he occasionally made sculptures, such as the Stone Head, Seraph of c. 1940 (Ulster Museum)- indeed it was for sculpture that he won the Robert Ross Prize at the Slade School. He was also much interested in philosophical theories of art. In the 1930s, for example, as John Hewitt has recorded, topical books such as Roger Fry's Vision and Design, Clive Bell's Art and R.H. Wilenski's Modern Movement in Art directed his thinking.
Exhibitions
From the late 1930s until 1943, when he produced Pax, there was a gap in his output, occasioned, no doubt, by his move to County Armagh in order to escape Belfast after the Blitz. In 1946 he held his first one-man exhibition at the Belfast Museum and Art Gallery, and this was followed two years later by a similar show, held under the aegis of CEMA, nearby at number 55A Donegal Place. In 1950, to celebrate the Festival of Britain the following year, he was commissioned to paint in the City Hall, Belfast, a mural representing the history of the city, a work which brought his name to the attention of a wider audience. In later years, other commissions followed for murals in the Masonic Hall, Rosemary Street, 1956, and the College of Technology at Millfield in the 1960s. He also carved in relief coats of arms for the two Governors of Northern Ireland, Lords Wakehurst, 1959, and Erskine of Rerrick, 1965. He was, too, a member of the Royal Ulster Academy.
Later life
John Luke died in Belfast on 4 February 1975, just a month into his sixty-ninth year. A retrospective exhibition of his work was held, in association with the Arts Councils of Ireland, in the Ulster Museum in 1978, and was accompanied by a short monograph on his life and career written by John Hewitt. Since that time his reputation has grown enormously, his loss rekindling memories in many of his former students of a fastidiously arranged life-room in the College of Art, his coat folded to perfection and his soft, gentle manner of instruction.
About His Art
As an artist John Luke presented an enigmatic view to the world. Reserved by nature and, perhaps, a little opinionated, he lived a very private life. His prowess as a draughtsman was evident in all he did and can be seen clearly, for example, in an early Self-portrait (Ulster Museum), done in pencil in about 1927. Here his sense of purpose is complete, his 'line' precise, taut and economical; qualities which can be seen, too, in another Self-portrait of the same time, but done in oils (Ulster Museum). This concern for line is evident also in The Lustre Jug, 1934, where he has also taken delight in conveying the surface qualities of the various items in the composition. This picture was shown in the memorable Ulster Unit exhibition, held in Belfast in 1934, perhaps Luke's only foray into the avant-garde. His aesthetic otherwise embraced strictly traditional values, much of his inspiration, especially with regard to his interest in tempera painting, being drawn from the early masters of the Italian Renaissance such as Piero della Francesca and Botticelli.
In the mid and late 1930s Luke's preoccupation with formal structures began to assume a greater importance in his work. One of the first paintings in which this change is noticeable is Connswater Bridge, 1934, in which large masses have been juxtaposed boldly one with another in a highly stylized manner, yet the clarity of the actual scene is retained. But two years later, in 1936, when he painted The Bridge (which seems to have been inspired by André Derain's masterpiece The Turning Road, L'Estaque), his technique had matured to a degree which, perhaps, he never surpassed. Here his formalism, expressed in flowing and rhythmic lines and shapes, is carefully matched to the undulating landscape and the colours are bright, the mood optimistic. But this buoyancy was short-lived and by the following year, in The Fox, currently being exhibited in the Ulster Museum, his mood had changed and a seriousness of purpose began to emerge which eventually overwhelmed him. The strict stylization seen in the latter composition became his hallmark for more than a decade, during which time he nevertheless produced some of his most memorable pictures, including The Road to the West, 1944, and The Old Callan Bridge, 1945. In The Road to the West he is still at the height of his powers, his treatment of the landscape being entirely original, a sense of discovery still evident, the whole in keeping with the mood of the times. The Callan Bridge picture presents him in an unusually light-hearted state of mind, although one still senses that the encroaching dark colours of the hedgerows betray a metaphorical colouring of mood.
Certainly by the late 1940s and early 1950s Luke had become obsessed with technique, and in pictures such as The Three Dancers, 1945, Northern Rhythm, 1946, The Dancer and the Bubble, 1947, and The Rehearsal, 1950, all of which are technically of the highest order, one begins to wonder about the paucity of content, for these are exercises in pure technique. the murals which he executed in the early Fifties in the City Hall and Rosemary Street Masonic Hall were to be virtually his last paintings and thereafter, apart from the uncompleted mural in the Millfield Technical College (building demolished 2002, remains of mural retained by demolition contractor) and the coats-of-arms carved for the Governors of Northern Ireland, he did little new work.
Luke, as we have seen, was a quiet, somewhat withdrawn figure. His severely Spartan lifestyle seems to have sapped his energy completely by the mid 1950s and possibly, too, he suffered a crisis of confidence as the post-war world took shape and the inexorable advance of Modern painting overwhelmed the traditional values which he espoused. Nowadays, with Modernism itself everywhere in retreat, the values represented by John Luke have again become appealing and reassuring to us.
Books
John Luke (artist) 1906-1975 (Arts Council/An Chomhairle Ealaíon and the Arts Council of Northern Ireland, 1978)
Northern Rhythm: The Art of John Luke (1906-1975), Joseph McBrinn, National Museums Northern Ireland, 2012.
External links
Reference in the Ulster Museum Collection Highlights Web Site
Painting of Dr Alexander Irvine from the Ulster Museum Collection Highlights Web Site
Reference in the Arts Council of Northern Ireland Web Site
Reference in the Peatlands Web Site
Reference in the Ulster History Circle Web Site
Reference in the Birmingham National Ballet Web site
1906 births
1975 deaths
20th-century British sculptors
20th-century Irish painters
Irish male painters
Artists from Belfast
British male sculptors
Alumni of Ulster University
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Alumni of the Westminster School of Art
Painters from Northern Ireland
Sculptors from Northern Ireland
Members of the Royal Ulster Academy
20th-century Irish male artists
Park Hae-Mi (born January 28, 1964) is a South Korean actress. She is best known as a musical theatre actress, starring in stage productions of Mamma Mia!, 42nd Street, and Really Really Like You. Park rose to mainstream popularity with her roles in the television drama Dear Heaven and the sitcom High Kick!.
Filmography
Television series
Films
Web series
Variety shows
Ambassadorship
Public Relations Ambassador of the Seoul Social Welfare Council (2021)
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Park Hae-mi at Cyworld
1963 births
Living people
South Korean musical theatre actresses
South Korean television actresses
South Korean film actresses
Ewha Womans University alumni
Arbieto is a location in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of Arbieto Municipality, the third municipal section of Esteban Arce Province. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 1,347.
See also
Ignacio de Arbieto
References
External links
Map of Esteban Arce Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
IntelliCorp is a name used by multiple corporations:
IntelliCorp (Software), provider of SAP application lifecycle management software.
IntelliCorp (Employee Background Check), provider of employee background checks for employment and other purposes.
Daniel Pavlović (; born 22 April 1988) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Chiasso.
Club career
Pavlović started playing professionally for SC Freiburg II and spent his early career playing in lower league teams, like FC Schaffhausen and 1. FC Kaiserslautern, up until 2010, when he signed for Grasshopper. Pavlović made a name for himself playing for most successful Swiss club, staying there for five seasons, being the team captain in the last one.
He was signed on one-year loan deal by newly promoted Serie A club Frosinone in the summer of 2015.
In July 2016, Pavlović signed a two-year deal with Sampdoria.
On 31 August 2017, Pavlović joined Crotone on a loan deal. After the loan deal in June 2018 ended, he went back to Sampdoria but the next day left the club after his contract had expired.
On 21 March 2019, Pavlović signed with Serie B club Perugia until 30 June 2019, with an option for an extension for another two seasons.
International career
Pavlović represented Switzerland, country of his birth, on various youth levels. However, he decided to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina on senior level, and got FIFA approval in December 2016.
On 25 March 2017, Pavlović made his senior international debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in a convincing 5–0 win over Gibraltar.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
1. FC Kaiserslautern
2. Bundesliga: 2009–10
Grasshopper
Swiss Cup: 2012–13
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Rorschach, Switzerland
Swiss people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina through descent
Swiss people of Croatian descent
Association football fullbacks
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
SC Freiburg II players
FC Schaffhausen players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
Frosinone Calcio players
U.C. Sampdoria players
F.C. Crotone players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
FC Lugano players
FC Chiasso players
Swiss Challenge League players
Regionalliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Swiss Super League players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Sportspeople from the canton of St. Gallen
The men's 20 kilometres road run event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, on 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 16 athletes from 11 countries participated in the event.
References
20 kilometres road run
Road running at the World Junior Championships in Athletics
James David Sullivan (January 6, 1968 - November 12, 2011) was a Canadian curler from Saint John, New Brunswick. He was a renowned curler, being skip of the Jim Sullivan Rink which captured the 1987 Canadian Junior Curling Championships for New Brunswick, and the 1988 World Junior Curling Championships. In 1990, Sullivan and his team were the silver medalists at the Labatt Brier. Sullivan continued to be active in curling, being a member of Thistle St. Andrews Curling Club, and an Honorary Life Member of the Capital Winter Club in Fredericton.
Sullivan committed suicide in 2011, following a struggle with depression.
Sullivan's cousin was another curler, Charlie Sullivan, as was his uncle, Charlie Sullivan, Sr.
References
External links
World Curling Federation profile
1968 births
2011 suicides
Curlers from New Brunswick
Sportspeople from Saint John, New Brunswick
Suicides in Canada
Elphel, Inc. designs and manufactures open hardware and free software cameras. The company was founded in 2001 by Russian physicist Andrey Filippov, who emigrated to the US in 1995.
Elphel cameras have been used to capture images for Google Street View and the Google Books project. The Moss Landing Marine Laboratories use Elphel cameras in their project called Submersible Capable of Under Ice Navigation and Imaging (SCINI) – an NSF-funded research project for robotic under the sea ice for surveying and exploration in Antarctica.
See also
AXIOM, an open source hardware 4K digital cinema camera
References
External links
Elphel official website
Cameras
Digital cameras
Embedded Linux
Linux-based devices
Open hardware electronic devices
Free software companies
Muhlaysia Booker (January 14, 1997 – May 18, 2019) was a 22 year old African American trans woman whose filmed assault in Dallas, Texas went viral on social media. She was later murdered the following month.
Attack
On April 12, 2019, Booker and a cousin went to see a fight in Royal Crest Apartments. Upon leaving, Booker backed into a car and tried to flee the scene. The driver got out of his car and held Booker at gunpoint until damages were paid. A crowd gathered around the altercation and Edward Thomas was offered $200 to assault Booker. Bystanders watched, videotaped, and yelled. The video was uploaded to social media and went viral. Booker had a concussion and fractured wrist. The Dallas mayor labeled it as "mob violence." On April 14, 2019, Edward Thomas was charged with aggravated assault and held without bond in Dallas County jail. The police stated that he wore an ankle monitor, placing him at the Royal Crest Apartments. He was eventually bonded at $75,000 at his court hearing and went back to jail on May 20.
After Booker's attack, supporters held a small rally. Booker spoke out about assault against the transgender community. Booker stated, "This time, it was me; the next time, it could be someone else close to you." Her cousin, Quanjasmine Baccus, said, "She was picked on because she is transgender."
Murder
At around 6:40 AM the morning of Saturday, May 18, 2019, police officers responded to reports of a shooting near Tenison Park Golf Course, where Booker was found dead on arrival from a gunshot wound. Kendrell Lyles, a 34-year old male, was arrested and charged with Booker's murder, as well as two other killings. Police said that early in the morning of the murder, Booker was seen getting into a light colored Lincoln which matched the description of Lyles' car. Police discovered phone records between Booker and Lyles, placing him in the area where Booker was murdered.
References
1997 births
2019 deaths
Violence against trans women
Transgender women
LGBT African Americans
2019 murders in the United States
People murdered in Texas
LGBT people from Texas
People from Dallas
Deaths by firearm in Texas
History of women in Texas
Ronald Gutiérrez Flores (born December 2, 1979 in San José de Pocitos, Tarija) is a retired Bolivian football midfielder.
Gutiérrez's former clubs are Chaco Petrolero, The Strongest, La Paz F.C., Bolívar and Guabirá in his native country. He also played briefly for the Turkish club Bursaspor.
Club career
Gutiérrez began his career in the summer of 1999 when he signed for The Strongest. After nearly eight years and over 240 appearances for the atigrados, he transferred to La Paz F.C. before the 2007 season. That year he was declared as the best player in Bolivian first division, leading La Paz F.C. to a berth in the Copa Libertadores 2008. His good form was rewarded with a transfer to Bursaspor from the Turkcell Super League in 2008. After a short spell in Turkey, Gutiérrez returned to Bolivia in January 2009 and signed a two-year contract with Club Bolívar. With the arrival of a new manager, his presence was no longer needed, and the club decided to loan him to Nacional Potosí for the remaining of the 2009 season, and subsequently to Guabirá in 2010.
International career
Since 2007, Gutiérrez has been capped for the Bolivia national team in 3 occasions, all of those FIFA World Cup qualification matches.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Tarija Department
Association football midfielders
Bolivian footballers
Bolivia international footballers
Nacional Potosí players
The Strongest players
Bursaspor footballers
Club Bolívar players
Guabirá players
Bolivian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Süper Lig players
God Lives Underwater was an American rock band, formed during 1993 in Perkiomenville, Pennsylvania by vocalist/programmer David Reilly and guitarist/programmer Jeff Turzo. They were later joined by guitarist Andrew McGee and drummer Adam Kary (who was replaced by Scott Garrett in 1998). After recording a self-titled EP in late 1993 and self-distributing it the following year, the band signed to Rick Rubin's label American Recordings, and the EP was nationally released in early 1995. Later that same year, the band released the full-length album Empty. God Lives Underwater then signed with A&M Records and released Life in the So-Called Space Age in 1998, which spawned their most successful single "From Your Mouth". After a period of internal issues and label shifts, the band's final album was released in 2004, Up Off the Floor. Reilly then unexpectedly died at the age of 34 on October 16, 2005.
History
Formation and God Lives Underwater (1993–1995)
David Reilly had recorded various home demos in the late 1980s and early 1990s as he handled the vast majority of the vocals and instruments on his own. Jeff Turzo was a studio engineer as he created remixes and assisted in the studio for artists such as Pop's Cool Love and Fishbone among others. Reilly and Turzo had attended the same high school together in the town of Perkiomenville, Pennsylvania (which was near the city of Philadelphia), and after graduation, the duo decided to form a band which had electronica and industrial influences, eventually named God Lives Underwater. In late 1993, they recorded a six-track demo tape on their own. Throughout 1994, the pair had self-released the EP (titled as God Lives Underwater) as they also passed it on to various labels and friends. Prolific producer Rick Rubin obtained the EP, and subsequently signed the duo to his label American Recordings. Reilly and Turzo then decided to transform their project into a full-fledged band; thus, they added drummer Adam Kary and guitarist Andrew McGee into the lineup. American then gave God Lives Underwater a proper national release in January 1995. It gained coverage in various publications as it peaked at #82 on CMJ's Radio Top 150 chart. "No More Love" was released as the sole single, and a music video was produced which depicted the band outdoors near a nuclear power plant.
About four months after the release of God Lives Underwater, "No More Love" was featured during the end credits of the film Johnny Mnemonic and was included on its soundtrack. Another music video was created for the track, which intertwined scenes of Johnny Mnemonic and of the band. During the first half of 1995, God Lives Underwater went on a national tour, co-headlining with the band Maids of Gravity (which was formed by former Medicine founding member Eddie Ruscha). At a June show in Rochester, New York, Reilly had attempted to hype the fans in attendance. Numerous people then started to throw objects at the security guards and police officers, and the officers ended up using pepper spray on the audience. Kary was physically assaulted and maced while Reilly was arrested, and he spent the night at the local jail along with a dozen other fans. He was later charged with a misdemeanor for inciting a riot. He pled guilty and was sentenced to 40 hours of community service. Around the same time, Reilly and Turzo recorded two songs ("Someone Else" and "Lost") for a Nitrus Records compilation (simply titled The Compilation) under the alias of Heavy. McGee had also contributed two tracks to the compilation ("Sunking" and "Track #12") under the alias of Sputnik.
Empty and increased activity (1995–1997)
God Lives Underwater had recorded their full-length album throughout 1995. In September 1995, the song "Tortoise" (off of the then-upcoming album) was featured in the movie National Lampoon's Senior Trip. The following month, American released the band's full-length album Empty. It peaked at #83 on CMJ's Top 200 chart. "No More Love" was included on its tracklist, while both "All Wrong" and "Don't Know How to Be" were released as the album's singles. The video for "All Wrong" had exclusively premiered on MTV's 120 Minutes program. God Lives Underwater initially embarked on a tour of the U.S. with KMFDM, and they followed it with a tour of Europe with Filter. Afterwards, they headlined their own tour throughout the U.S. and then opened for Spacehog. After a show in Florida, God Lives Underwater was kicked off of Spacehog's tour. God Lives Underwater claimed that they were drawing in more fans and selling more merchandise than Spacehog which led to the majority of the attendees leaving prior to Spacehog's performance; however, Spacehog claimed that God Lives Underwater's fans were too violent and had caused too much trouble during the shows.
In early 1996, God Lives Underwater had recorded the music for the shooting video game Slamscape, released on PlayStation and PC. They had created original compositions for the in-game music. The videos for "No More Love" (the original 1994 version), "Don't Know How to Be", and "All Wrong" was included as bonus content. Slamscape received below average reviews, although many critics praised the band's contributions. Also in 1996, God Lives Underwater contributed the song "Weight" to the Mortal Kombat: More Kombat compilation. It was an outtake from the Empty recording sessions. The band also toured with Far for a brief U.S. tour in the middle of 1996. Towards the end of the year, the band decided to add a fifth member to the lineup, Dave Alverado. He was on-stage as an extra bassist in an attempt to make the band's live-sound thicker; however, by 1997, Alverado was no longer in the band and the lineup reverted to four members. After the extensive touring schedule, God Lives Underwater's manager Gary Richards started his own label, 1500 Records. They were in a partnership with the major label A&M Records for distribution purposes and God Lives Underwater became one of the first acts signed with the label.
Life in the So-Called Space Age and mainstream success (1997–2000)
In 1997, God Lives Underwater went to Los Angeles, California to record their follow-up album with producer Gary Dobbins. During the recording process, there were creative tensions with drummer Kary. Afterwards, he was dismissed from the band, and was ultimately replaced by Scott Garrett. Garrett was previously a member of The Cult and also Pop's Cool Love, who Turzo worked with in the early 1990s.
The resulting album, Life in the So-Called Space Age, was released in March 1998. It became the band's best-selling effort (eventually selling over 90,000 copies) as it peaked at #6 on Billboard'''s Heatseekers chart and at #137 on the Billboard 200 chart. Its lead single, "From Your Mouth", appeared on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart at #17 and on R&R's Alternative Top 50 chart at #18. Its music video was directed by Roman Coppola (the son of famed director Francis Ford Coppola). The video was a single take played in reverse and it featured champion hot-dog eater Hirofumi Nakajima taking food out of his mouth. The album's song "Rearrange" was also released as a single, but it failed to match its predecessor's success. God Lives Underwater supported Life in the So-Called Space Age by embarking on a U.S. tour with Stabbing Westward and Econoline Crush.
Also in 1998, God Lives Underwater was at the helm of the Depeche Mode tribute album For the Masses, released on 1500. They had kickstarted the project and had recorded a cover of "Fly on the Windscreen" for the compilation. Other artists that were brought in for the compilation included The Cure, Failure, The Smashing Pumpkins, GusGus, Veruca Salt, Dishwalla, Meat Beat Manifesto, Monster Magnet, Apollo 440, Deftones, Rammstein, Rabbit in the Moon, Self, Locust, and Hooverphonic. The compilation eventually peaked at #69 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Various issues and Up Off the Floor (2000–2004)
God Lives Underwater had begun recording their subsequent album in 2000, but various problems emerged. The band's manager, Richards, and his 1500 label had faced financial difficulty. They were unable to sufficiently promote God Lives Underwater, and Richards eventually sold the label to the website Riffage. In addition, tragedy struck the band when Reilly's fiance, Monica "Seven" Young, was killed by an oncoming train. Her death had impacted Reilly greatly, and his drug usage increased as a result. He also spent time in various jails and facilities, and claimed to be homeless at one point as well.
The band played a live show on July 13, 2000 in Hollywood, California. A few songs in their setlist were tracks off of the band's then-upcoming album; however, the live show ultimately ended up being the band's final performance. They continued recording regardless of the various issues, and in early 2001 the band contributed a cover of David Bowie's "Fame" to the soundtrack of the film 15 Minutes (which starred Robert De Niro and Edward Burns). "Fame" was also released as a standalone single to promote the soundtrack. The single ended up being the final God Lives Underwater release by 1500 as shortly after, 1500's then-new parent company Riffage had declared bankruptcy, thus dropping the band before their album was released.
From 2001 to 2003, God Lives Underwater was mostly inactive as the members pursued different projects. Turzo got married and then focused on studio work for various bands such as Incubus, Taproot, and Lostprophets. Garrett briefly rejoined The Cult and also worked with artists such as Kottonmouth Kings, The Mission UK, and J. McGee took a break from the music industry, and didn't appear with any other acts during that time. Reilly released a solo album titled Robot Teen America in May 2001. He then reconciled with God Lives Underwater's original drummer Kary, and they formed the band Fluzee in 2002. They released an EP that same year before disbanding.
In late 2003, the Spanish label Locomotive Music (owned by Megaforce Records) had bought the rights to release God Lives Underwater's completed album. They had reportedly paid the band upfront to exclusively release it. The album, titled Up Off the Floor, was officially released in early 2004, but it had contained numerous errors. There were various grammatical errors in the liner notes, two songs from the same era were excluded from the tracklist (the aforementioned "Fame" cover and also the outtake "Choir Boy"), and the album itself was not sourced from the master recordings; thus, the volume and mix was lowered and the quality suffered as a result. Promotional copies of Up Off the Floor had also existed which had superior audio quality, and overall, the band members were dismissive of the Locomotive pressing; however, Locomotive attempted to promote the album by issuing the track "Tricked" as a radio single without much success.
Reilly's death and subsequent events (2004–2014)
After the troublesome release of Up Off the Floor, God Lives Underwater remained in hiatus. The following year, Reilly decided to embark on a solo career once again. In June 2005, Reilly signed to RuffNation Records (which was a division of the major label Universal Records). A few months later Reilly died on October 16. He was 34. It was later discovered that he had died due to an untreated tooth infection. In 2006, Turzo formed the band Wired All Wrong with Matt Mahaffey of the band Self. They both bonded over the loss of their former bandmates (as Matt Mahaffey's brother Mike Mahaffey also of Self had died in May 2005). Both Garrett and McGee also eventually joined Wired All Wrong as the drummer and guitarist respectively.
In October 2007, Brian Paone (a close friend of Reilly and the band) released the book Dreams are Unfinished Thoughts, which chronicled his relationship with God Lives Underwater and Reilly in particular. In 2010, Reilly's RuffNation/Universal solo album, How Humans Rx, was released in limited form. Various other unreleased recordings by Reilly also surfaced afterwards, and Paone also updated Dreams are Unfinished Thoughts in 2014 with extra passages which detailed events from 2007 to 2014.
Members
David Reilly – lead vocals, guitars, keyboards, programming (1993–2005); died 2005
Jeff Turzo – guitars, bass, keyboards, programming (1993–2005)
Andrew McGee – guitars, backup vocals (1994–2005)
Adam Kary – drums, percussion (1994–1998)
Dave Alverado – bass (1996–1997)
Scott Garrett – drums, percussion (1998–2005)
DiscographyGod Lives Underwater (1994)Empty (1995)Life in the So-Called Space Age (1998)Up Off the Floor'' (2004)
References
External links
God Lives Underwater – Official website
God Lives Underwater
Musical groups from Philadelphia
American electronic rock musical groups
American industrial rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 1993
Musical groups disestablished in 2005
Remixers
1993 establishments in Pennsylvania
Jiminy Glick is a fictional character portrayed by Martin Short in the TV series Primetime Glick (2001–2003), the subsequent 2004 film Jiminy Glick in Lalawood, and Short's Broadway show Martin Short: Fame Becomes Me. He began as a recurring character on The Martin Short Show. When that show was canceled, he was spun off into his own series, Primetime Glick, which ran for three seasons.
Character origin
When Short hosted Saturday Night Live in the 1996 season, he played a character named Pinky Nye who seems to have been a proto-Glick: similar physique, voice, and attention span, and forever forgetting to take "ginko bilobo" (as both Nye and Glick pronounce it). Some people say Short's character Jiminy Glick was based on Skip E. Lowe, a lesser-known host of the public-access show Skip E. Lowe Looks at Hollywood. He also shares some characteristics with celebrity journalists such as Sam Rubin and George Pennachio.
Fictional biography
Born Malcolm Glickman on March 12, 1948, in Akron, Ohio (though he has claimed to have been born in Omaha, Nebraska and Baton Rouge, Louisiana), Jiminy Glick was the middle child of 10 children of Omar and Isabella Glickman. Glick, who describes himself as a Tibetan-American, was often a loner and was regularly made fun of for his obesity at an early age. He was also very sickly until he was 13, when doctors discovered that he had a small Tonka truck stuck in his duodenum. As a child, while riding his bike and listening to the song "Michael Row the Boat Ashore", he lost his virginity when he fell on the "boy bar." He has said he never liked the name Malcolm and was given the nickname "Jiminy" as crickets laid eggs in his anus. But Glick also told Larry David that Jiminy is his real name, given to him because his parents "were from the Baháʼí Faith." In an interview with Ben Stiller, he asserted that he and his wife were Buddhists.
After graduating from Gale Gordon High School, and continuing on to DeVry Institute of Technology and the University of Wisconsin, his life changed forever when the play Forty Carats, starring Lana Turner, came to town. He was asked to join the show and traveled to Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he played "Onlooker Number Two", which he said was "like a dream!" After his short stage acting career and a performance as the leper in the film Papillon, Glick became Charles Bronson's personal assistant for five years during the 1970s. He had planned on working for Robert Vaughn, but according to Glick, he "didn't pay."
Bronson was very cruel to Glick and at one point threw him off his boat, mistaking him for Sebastian Cabot. Glick was picked up in a boat by George Maharis, of the TV show Route 66, and his cousin, Leon Maharis. Leon asked Glick if he wanted to work with him at Chasen's in Beverly Hills, California, as a busboy. Glick eagerly accepted the offer. There he ran into numerous Hollywood celebrities, such as Justin Timberlake, Madonna, Britney Spears, James Dean, and Charlton Heston. Then, one day, while catering a party at Roddy McDowall's house, George Schlatter from Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In offered Glick a pilot episode deal for a daytime talk show. Glick accepted and started at the Beverly Garland Motel (as opposed to the Beverly-Garland Hotel). And, Glick has said, "that's how it all started." The daytime talk show was canceled when Beverly Garland herself came downstairs and, lacking sleep and thoroughly intoxicated, shouted to Glick and his crew to "get the hell out!" Later in his career, Glick moved to prime time.
In 1974, Glick worked as Telly Savalas's personal assistant. Savalas was mean, so Glick embezzled $85,000 from him. He was caught on his way to Ecuador and served a four-month hard labor sentence in Mississippi.
Glick is married to a heavily medicated, alcoholic Southern woman named Dixie, portrayed by Saturday Night Live and Designing Women veteran Jan Hooks. Together they have "four wonderfully strapping young boys": Morgan, Mason, Matthew, and Modine (named for actors Morgan Mason and Matthew Modine). Morgan and Mason are teenaged twins and Matthew and Modine are 10-year-old twins; they were actually triplets but he sent away the third one because "two was so much already." The Glick family resides in Tarzana, California.
Dennis Miller has described Glick's life as "one big Cliff Note missing a page."
Jiminy is also an avid pole vaulter, claiming that he did it in college and occasionally pole vaults with his wife.
Glick was once given 400 mutton patties by Ted Nugent for Christmas.
During an interview with Alec Baldwin, Glick declared himself a Whig.
Appearances
On The Martin Short Show
In the show, Glick is a famous television interviewer who has been around Hollywood for a long time. Despite this, he remains laughably ignorant of pop culture and most entertainment news, though he considers himself just the opposite. For example, he often cites another celebrity with whom the interviewee apparently shares a birthday (but in reality does not) and ask how it makes them "feel." His interviews with stars are characterized by his patronizing attitude, frequent bizarre questions about obscure matters, awkward body language, and ultimately turning the subject matter to himself. He is extremely forgetful, and takes ginkgo biloba as a memory aid (although, as he often points out, the catch twenty-one [a play on words] is that he doesn't remember to take it). Glick is also very overweight, and during interviews will sometimes aggressively stuff his face with junk food (always present on the table on set) at a moment's notice. Glick occasionally offers food to his guests, but if they reach for it without being offered, he snatches it away, growling, "No! All for me!" On top of his many other eccentricities, Glick has an unforgettably peculiar voice, shifting within a single sentence from a high, effeminate whine to a deep growl.
In Primetime Glick
On the series, Glick is joined by long-suffering, heavily made-up announcer and bandleader Adrian Van Voorhees (Michael McKean), who resembles Lawrence Welk. Adrian plays a full classical harp, leading a band of scraggly-looking immigrants that does a very poor job of synching up their "performance" with the music. While Adrian generally attempts to conduct himself in a professional manner, he occasionally loses his patience with Glick's idiocy and constant, usually unintentional put-downs. He can sometimes be heard muttering disgustedly about Glick ("You are fat...sloppy fat") but Glick remains blissfully unaware of Adrian's hostility.
Prior to his role on Primetime Glick, Adrian had been admiring Glick from afar for many years, but had been laid up with a skin condition, putting him out of work. He then began to send Glick fan mail and finally asked him for a job saying, "I think you need a harp." Glick, thinking Adrian had written "tarp", called Adrian as he was doing some work on his pool at the time. While awaiting Glick's response, Adrian boarded the cruise ship S.S.S. Statadam and conducted its band. Glick finally met up with him upon the ship's return, exclaiming in an interview, "the next thing you know, Van Vorhees is part of the Glick world."
Glick is also often assailed by Short's long-running, Bette Davis-esque drag character, Miss Gathercole, a bitter, ancient woman who is a regular in Glick's studio audience (alongside her increasingly short-tempered nurse) and freely offers commentary on Glick's various failings and her own latest adventures. It was also said that another of Short's long-running characters, elderly vaudevillian Irving Cohen was the executive producer of Glick's primetime show. The mention was only for the span of a single episode where Cohen suffers from a heart attack and is presumed dead, with Glick offering video tributes to him until he calls the studio to say he's okay.
In addition to the interviews, the show also featured many Second City TV-like parody commercials and Glick reading storybook tales to a group of young children, appropriately called Lalawood Fables. These stories were usually Hollywood Babylon-like tales of Tinseltown degradation, acted out by puppets. Most of his stories are lost on his young audience. The show sometimes had a more fanciful side, as when the puppets would apparently come to life; once Glick and Jason Alexander spent too long in a steamroom and emerged dwarf-sized, and once Glick accidentally crushed Robert Downey Jr., also in the steamroom.
Other appearances
Glick is the main character in the feature film Jiminy Glick in Lalawood.
In Martin Short: Fame Becomes Me, Glick interviews (through complete improvisation) an audience volunteer tasked to become the show's "new star" after Martin Short is struck by lightning (a ploy to allow Short enough time to don the Jiminy Glick make-up).
Martin Short played the character in an episode of MADtv. An interactive, constantly updated website kept by "Jiminy Glick" Myspace is filled with photos, video clips, commentary, blogs and postings from over 9,320 friends of Jiminy Glick...and Martin Short.
Short also portrayed the character for a week on the Whoopi Goldberg-produced era of Hollywood Squares, during a College Tournament in 2001; for the tournament finals he filled in as center square; other celebrities on that panel had also been center square, as Whoopi was out sick that week.
Glick also made an appearance on the April 16, 2005 episode of Saturday Night Live hosted by Tom Brady. He appeared as a guest on the Weekend Update segment plugging a fictitious "Best of Jiminy Glick" DVD, including a clip of Glick interviewing SNL creator Lorne Michaels (portrayed by Will Forte) supposedly shot in the 1970s. Glick then forcibly kisses Update anchor Tina Fey as the segment ends.
Glick appears in Maya & Marty interviewing celebrities such as Larry David, Kevin Hart, Jerry Seinfeld and Ricky Gervais.
On the April 28, 2017, episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Glick interviewed Donald Trump (portrayed by Jimmy Fallon) about his first 100 days in office.
References
External links
Jiminy Glick - YouTube
Fictional characters from Ohio
Fictional interviewers
Television characters introduced in 2001
Joe Proski (born April 19, 1939) is a Polish American retired athletic trainer who spent the majority of his career as the head trainer for the National Basketball Association (NBA) Phoenix Suns. After spending one season with the Chicago Bulls, Proski left for the Phoenix Suns in 1968. Proski served as the head athletic trainer in four NBA All-Star Games (1971, 1975, 1985 and 1995) and was named Head Athletic Trainer of the Year in 1988. Following the 1999–2000 NBA season, Proski retired from the NBA. His immediate successor for the position would be Aaron Nelson, who was the Suns assistant athletic trainer from 1993–2000. On April 1, 2001, Proski was inducted into the Phoenix Suns Ring of Honor. In 2017, Proski was inducted into the Arizona Athletic Trainers' Association Hall of Fame.
Proski's father, John Proski, was a trainer for the NFL Green Bay Packers. Following the construction of Lambeau Field (then known as City Stadium) in 1957, John Proski became the manager of the venue.
Joe Proski went to Montana State University on a football scholarship and during the summers worked for a Los Angeles Dodgers minor league affiliate in his hometown of Green Bay as a clubhouse manager. The team's manager, Pete Reiser, urged Proski to pursue a career in training. Proski enrolled at the Gus Mauch Florida School for Athletic Trainers in Kissimmee, Florida and was certified in 1959. He eventually joined the Detroit Tigers physical therapy staff during spring training. His position with the Tigers led him to his first full-time training job with the Chicago Cubs. The Cubs employed Proski for eight years before he left for the NBA. Proski worked as a trainer for the Chicago White Sox minor league affiliate in Tucson, Arizona during the NBA off-season.
See also
1968–69 Phoenix Suns season
1999–2000 Phoenix Suns season
List of National Basketball Association retired jersey numbers
List of Polish Americans
References
Phoenix Suns
Living people
1939 births
The 1939 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1939 college football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by 20th-year head coach William Alexander and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia.
Georgia Tech finished undefeated in Southeastern Conference play, claiming a share of the conference title with Tennessee and Tulane. They suffered two close non-conference losses: the first, a season-opening road trip loss to Notre Dame; and the second, a one-point loss to Duke at home, in which Georgia Tech missed the would-be tying point-after attempt in the second quarter and missed the winning field goal in the final minute of the game. The Yellow Jackets finished ranked in the final AP Poll for the first time, and were invited to their second ever bowl game, the 1940 Orange Bowl, where they defeated Missouri.
Schedule
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Orange Bowl champion seasons
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football
Hemigenia scabra is an open, sprawling shrub with white flowers, hairy stems and foliage and is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
Hemigenia scabra is an open, wiry, small shrub high. The stems in cross-section may be more or less round or square and bracteoles long. The leaves long, wide, arranged opposite, rounded or squared at the apex and the margins smooth. Both stems and foliage have rough to smooth soft hairs or short coarse hairs. The bracteoles long, flowers sometimes with a pedicel long and simple hairs. The 5 calyces are long with occasional simple hairs. The flower petals may be white, cream or shades of purple, long, spot or stripes in the throat and 4 stamens. Flowering occurs from August to October.
Taxonomy and naming
The species was first formally described in 1870 by George Bentham and the description was published in Flora Australiensis. The specific epithet (scabra) is derived from the Latin scaber meaning "rough", referring to the leaves and stems.
Distribution and habitat
Hemigenia scabra is found growing in the Avon wheatbelt, Geraldton and the Shire of Yalgoo on and near sandplains in gravelly white or yellow sands.
References
scabra
Lamiales of Australia
Endemic flora of Australia
Flora of Western Australia
John Crackstone (surname also spelled as Craxston or Crakstone; c. 1575 – c. 1620/21) was an English Separatist from Holland who came with his son John on the historic 1620 voyages of the Pilgrim ship Mayflower. He was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact, but perished with the first Pilgrims to die the winter of 1620, exact date unknown. His son John later died in his twenties.
English origins
His birth year of about 1575 is based on his daughter's marriage date. He is believed to have come to Holland from Colchester in co. Essex, England. In the 1618 Leiden marriage record of his daughter Anna, she is noted in records as being a spinster from Colchester.
In Leiden
The name of John Crackston, English Separatist residing in Leiden Holland, first appears in Leiden records on June 16, 1616, when, along with future fellow Mayflower passenger Moses Fletcher, they being witnesses to the betrothal of Zachariah Barrow. Leiden records also state that on May 19, 1617, he was the groom's witness for the betrothal of Henry Collet to Alice Thomas.
Crackston's daughter Anna (Anne) married Thomas Smith in Leiden on December 12, 1618, to which he is also recorded as being a witness. At her wedding she was accompanied by her friend Patience Brewster, later to be a Mayflower passenger in the family of her father, Elder William Brewster. Patience was to die of a fever In Plymouth in 1634 as the first wife of colony governor Thomas Prence.
Mayflower voyage
In 1620 John Crackston came to the Mayflower with the Leiden contingent in the company of his son John. It is believed that his wife, name unknown, may have been deceased and therefore the reason his son was with him on the voyage without his mother. His daughter Anna had married in 1618 and did not accompany them.
Plymouth Colony governor, writing 1651, recorded Crackston and his son embarked on the Mayflower: "John Crakston, and his sone, John Crakston."
The Mayflower departed from Plymouth, England aboard the Mayflower on September 6/16, 1620. The small, 100-foot ship had 102 passengers and a crew of about 30-40 in extremely cramped conditions. By the second month out, the ship was being buffeted by strong westerly gales, causing the ship's timbers to be badly shaken with caulking failing to keep out seawater, and with passengers, even in their berths, lying wet and ill. This, combined with a lack of proper rations and unsanitary conditions for several months, attributed to what would be fatal for many, especially the majority of women and children. On the way there were two deaths, a crew member and a passenger, but the worst was yet to come after arriving at their destination when, in the space of several months, almost half the passengers perished in cold, harsh, unfamiliar New England winter.
On November 9/19, 1620, after about three months at sea, including a month of delays in England, they spotted land, which was the Cape Cod Hook, now called Provincetown Harbor. And after several days of trying to get south to their planned destination of the Colony of Virginia, strong winter seas forced them to return to the harbor at Cape Cod hook, where they anchored on November 11/21.
John Crackston was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact. His son John Jr. was apparently not yet twenty-one years of age and did not sign the Compact.
Family of John Crackston
Crackston may have married sometime prior to 1600, probably in England where his wife also may have died, as there is no mention of her in Leiden records. Her name is unknown.
Children of John Crackston and ___:
Anna (Anne) Crackston was born about 1600, probably in Colchester, co. Essex, England. She married Thomas Smith, presumed to be English, in Leiden on December 22, 1618. No descendants of this marriage have been identified.
John Crackston (Jr.) was born about 1602, also presumably in England. He never married. He is believed to have died of a fever in the winter 1627-1628 brought on by frostbite caused by being lost in the forest. Per Bradford, John Crackston Jr. died five or six years after their arrival on the Mayflower although it was probably later than that as he appears in the 1627 Division of Cattle, appearing as "John Crakstone" with the Allerton family. His name also appeared in the 1623 Division of Land as "John Crackston" with the Winslow family. It is believed that John Crackston Jr. died sometime after the 1627 Division of Cattle, possibly the next winter. His burial place is unknown.
Death and burial of John Crackston
John Crackston (Sr.) died sometime in the winter of 1620, per William Bradford among the first Mayflower passengers to die, although a later date is also given. The exact date is unknown. As with most passengers who died that winter, he was most likely buried in an unmarked grave in Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth. He is memorialized on the Pilgrim Memorial Tomb on Cole's Hill as "John Craxston Sr."
In 1651, William Bradford recollected about the fate of John Crackston and his son John:
"John Crakston dyed in the first mortality, and about some *5* or *6* years after, his son dyed; having lost him selfe in the wood, his feet became frozen, which put him into a fever, of which he dyed."
References
Mayflower passengers
1575 births
1620s deaths
Kingdom of England emigrants to Massachusetts Bay Colony
Burials at Cole's Hill Burial Ground (Plymouth)
Poljica may refer to:
Republic of Poljica (Repubblica di Poglizza), an autonomous community in Dalmatia which existed between the 13th and early 19th century
, a village near Jelsa on the island of Hvar, Croatia
Poljica, Krk, a village on the island of Krk, Croatia
Poljica, Danilovgrad, a village in the Danilovgrad municipality
See also
Poljice (disambiguation)
Paradichelia rostrata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1952
Archipini
The Equatorial Guinea – Nigeria Maritime Boundary Treaty is a 2000 treaty between Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria which delimits a portion of the maritime boundary between the two countries.
The treaty was signed in Malabo on 23 September 2000 by Equatoguinean president Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo and Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo.
Demarcation
The boundary set out by the text of the treaty does not demarcate the entire Equatorial Guinea – Nigeria treaty. When the treaty was signed, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) was hearing a case about a maritime dispute between Cameroon and Nigeria; because the result of that case would affect the maritime boundaries in the Gulf of Guinea, it was decided to leave the complete delimitation of the boundary until after the ICJ case concluded.
The boundary defined in the treaty runs through the Bight of Bonny and separates the Nigerian mainland from Equatorial Guinea's Bioko Island. The boundary consists of nine straight-line maritime segments defined by ten individual coordinate points. Rather than adopting an equidistant line between the two countries, the treaty takes into account both countries' established economic interests in the Gulf of Guinea, including existing oil wells, oil drilling installations, and existing resource consent licences.
The full name of the treaty is Treaty between the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the Republic of Equatorial Guinea concerning their maritime boundary.
Notes
References
Charney, Jonathan I., David A. Colson, Robert W. Smith. (2005). International Maritime Boundaries, 5 vols. Hotei Publishing: Leiden. ; ; ; ; ; OCLC 23254092
Daniel, Tim. "Maritime Boundaries in the Gulf of Guinea", University of New South Wales
External links
Full text of treaty
Treaties concluded in 2000
2000 in Equatorial Guinea
2000 in Nigeria
Boundary treaties
Equatorial Guinea–Nigeria border
Gulf of Guinea
Treaties of Equatorial Guinea
Treaties of Nigeria
United Nations treaties
September 2000 events in Africa
Dakshin Maynadal is a village in the Panskura CD block in the Tamluk subdivision of the Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Dakshin Maynadal is located at .
Urbanisation
94.08% of the population of Tamluk subdivision live in the rural areas. Only 5.92% of the population live in the urban areas, and that is the second lowest proportion of urban population amongst the four subdivisions in Purba Medinipur district, just above Egra subdivision.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Dakshin Maynadal had a total population of 1,024, of which 521 (51%) were males and 503 (49%) were females. There were 108 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Dakshin Maynadal was 712 (77.73% of the population over 6 years).
Culture
The pancharatna Radha Gobinda temple is a 200-year-old structure that has been renovated, as per the renovation tablet in the temple. (see picture of tablet).
Dakshin Maynadal picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Purba Medinipur district
Myzomela is a genus of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. It is the largest genus of honeyeaters, with 39 species, and the most geographically widespread. It ranges from Indonesia to Australia and into the islands of the Pacific Ocean as far as Micronesia and Samoa.
The genus was introduced by the naturalists Nicholas Vigors and Thomas Horsfield in 1827. The type species is the scarlet myzomela (Myzomela sanguinolenta).
The genus contains the following 40 species:
Drab myzomela (Myzomela blasii)
White-chinned myzomela (Myzomela albigula)
Ashy myzomela (Myzomela cineracea)
Ruby-throated myzomela (Myzomela eques)
Moluccan myzomela (Myzomela simplex)
Red-tinged myzomela (Myzomela rubrotincta)
Biak myzomela (Myzomela rubrobrunnea)
Dusky myzomela (Myzomela obscura)
Red myzomela (Myzomela cruentata)
Reddish myzomela (Myzomela erythrina)
Papuan black myzomela (Myzomela nigrita)
New Ireland myzomela (Myzomela pulchella)
Wetar myzomela (Myzomela kuehni)
Alor myzomela (Myzomela prawiradilagae)
Red-headed myzomela (Myzomela erythrocephala)
Sumba myzomela (Myzomela dammermani)
Rote myzomela (Myzomela irianawidodoae)
Mountain myzomela (Myzomela adolphinae)
Banda myzomela (Myzomela boiei)
Taliabu myzomela (Myzomela wahe)
Sulawesi myzomela (Myzomela chloroptera)
Bacan myzomela (Myzomela batjanensis)
Wakolo myzomela (Myzomela wakoloensis)
Scarlet myzomela (Myzomela sanguinolenta)
New Caledonian myzomela (Myzomela caledonica)
Cardinal myzomela (Myzomela cardinalis)
Rotuma myzomela (Myzomela chermesina)
Micronesian myzomela (Myzomela rubratra)
Sclater's myzomela (Myzomela sclateri)
Bismarck black myzomela (Myzomela pammelaena)
Red-capped myzomela (Myzomela lafargei)
Crimson-rumped myzomela (Myzomela eichhorni)
Red-vested myzomela (Myzomela malaitae)
Black-headed myzomela (Myzomela melanocephala)
Sooty myzomela (Myzomela tristrami)
Sulphur-breasted myzomela (Myzomela jugularis)
Black-bellied myzomela (Myzomela erythromelas)
Black-breasted myzomela (Myzomela vulnerata)
Red-collared myzomela (Myzomela rosenbergii)
Long-billed myzomela (Myzomela longirostris)
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Thomas Horsfield
Taxa named by Nicholas Aylward Vigors
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hughes Range can refer to:
Hughes Range (Antarctica)
Hughes Range (British Columbia) in Canada; see List of mountains of British Columbia
The 16209 / 16210 Mysore–Ajmer Express is an Express train belonging to Indian Railways – South Western Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 16209 from Ajmer Junction to Mysore Junction and as train number 16210 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat & Rajasthan.
Coach composition
The train has standard LHB with a max speed of . The train consists of 23 coaches:
1 AC 1st Class
2 AC 2 tier
2 AC 3 tier
12 Sleeper Class
1 Pantry car
3 Unreserved/General
2 Seating cum Luggage Rakes
As with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Service
16209/ Ajmer–Mysore Express covers the distance of in 48 hours 30 mins .
The 16210/ Mysore–Ajmer Express covers the distance of in 47 hours 05 mins .
As the average speed of the train is below , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare does not include a Superfast surcharge.
Routeing
The 16209 / 16210 Mysore–Ajmer Express runs from Mysore Junction via , , , , , , , , , , , , , to Ajmer Junction.
Schedule
Rake sharing
The train shares its rake with 16217/16218 Mysore–Sainagar Shirdi Express.
Traction
As most of the route is yet to be electrified, a Hubli-based WDP-4D locomotive hauls the train for its entire journey.
External links
References
Transport in Ajmer
Transport in Mysore
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Rail transport in Karnataka
Ghanpokhara is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. In 1991, it had a population of 3168 living in 597 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Mixed 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 11:18.
Final
The final was held at 19:39.
References
Mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
European
Ryder Michael Ryan (born May 11, 1995) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization.
Amateur career
Ryan attended North Mecklenburg High School in Huntersville, North Carolina, where he played baseball for his father, Sean. As a junior in 2013, he hit .597 with 29 RBIs along with pitching to a 0.28 ERA in 54.2 innings. He committed to play college baseball at the University of North Carolina for the North Carolina Tar Heels the summer before his senior year. As a senior, he batted .536 with six home runs and 28 RBIs while also pitching to a 7–1 record and a 0.57 ERA. Although he was projected to be drafted as high as the third round in the 2014 Major League Baseball draft, he was not drafted until the 40th round by the Cleveland Indians. He did not sign and instead enrolled at North Carolina.
In his freshman and sophomore years at North Carolina, Ryan appeared in only 33 games as a hitter, and only one game as a pitcher. After his sophomore year, he was drafted once again by the Indians, this time as a pitcher, in the 30th round of the 2016 Major League Baseball draft. He chose to sign with Cleveland rather than return to school.
Professional career
Cleveland Indians organization
After signing, Ryan made his professional debut with the Arizona League Indians where he was 0–1 with a 3.86 ERA in relief innings pitched. He began 2017 with the Lake County Captains, where he was named a Midwest League All-Star after compiling a 0.84 ERA in innings pitched.
New York Mets organization
On August 9, 2017, Ryan was traded to the New York Mets in exchange for Jay Bruce. He finished the year with the Columbia Fireflies. In 41 relief appearances between Lake County and Columbia, he was 3–4 with a 4.14 ERA. In 2018, he began the season with the St. Lucie Mets, where he was named a Florida State League All-Star after posting a 1–0 record, a 1.77 ERA, and a 0.93 WHIP over 16 relief appearances. He was promoted to the Binghamton Rumble Ponies in late May. Over 42 relief appearances between St. Lucie and Binghamton, he went 4–3 with a 3.23 ERA and a 1.06 WHIP. Ryan returned to Binghamton in 2019, going 3–1 with a 3.05 ERA over innings, striking out forty. He did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Texas Rangers organization
On December 18, 2020, Ryan was traded to the Texas Rangers as the PTBNL in the Todd Frazier trade of August 31, 2020. For the 2021 season, he was assigned to the Round Rock Express with whom he went 2-7 with a 5.60 ERA and 55 strikeouts over 45 innings pitched in relief. He opened the 2022 season back with Round Rock.
International career
On July 2, 2021, Ryan was named to the roster for the United States national baseball team for the 2020 Summer Olympics, contested in 2021 in Tokyo. The team went on to win silver, falling to Japan in the gold-medal game.
Personal life
Ryan and his wife, Brynn, have one son together. Ryan's younger brother, River, plays in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Huntersville, North Carolina
Baseball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Baseball players from North Carolina
Baseball pitchers
North Carolina Tar Heels baseball players
Arizona League Indians players
Lake County Captains players
Columbia Fireflies players
St. Lucie Mets players
Binghamton Rumble Ponies players
Round Rock Express players
United States national baseball team players
Olympic baseball players of the United States
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in baseball
Fernando Ramirez (born 30 May 1974, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a retired athlete who competed for Norway in the sprinting events. He represented his adopted country at the 1995 World Championships, as well as two indoor World Championships.
His 60 metres personal best of 6.57 was the Norwegian record between 1996 and 2008.
He represented the club IL i BUL.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres – 10.33 (+0.9 m/s) (Oslo 1995)
Indoor
60 metres – 6.57 (Liévin 1996)
References
1974 births
Living people
Norwegian male sprinters
Dominican Republic emigrants to Norway
Naturalised citizens of Norway
Norwegian athletics coaches
Rajendra Prasanna (; born 15 April 1956) is an Indian classical flautist and shehnai (Indian oboe) player from Benares Gharana.
Career
Rajendra was born in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India. He learnt music from his father Raghunath Prasanna and from his uncles Bholanath Prasanna and Vishnu Prasanna.
His family moved to Delhi in the early seventies, and he later became the disciple of Hafeez Ahmed Khan and Sarfaraz Hussain Khan. He also took lessons from singer Mahadev Mishra of Benares Gharana.
Performances
He performed at the Edinburgh festival (UK), Sydney Opera House, WOMAD Festival (Australia, New Zealand), World Music festival for golden jubilee celebration for India's Independence held in America, Canada and Switzerland (U.N.O. Headquarters) in 1997, Concert for George in London (Ravi Shankar project), Opera de Lyon in France.
Awards and honors
Top Grade Artist of All India Radio
Rajendra was the recipient of various awards and honors including Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academy Award - Flute & Shehnai (1995)
Grammy Award certificate for his participation in "Concert for George" in 2004.
Lifetime Achievement Award by Sahara India.
Sangeet Natak Akademi Award - Hindustani Instrumental - Shehnai / Flute 2017.
Discography
Indian Classical Music by Rajendra Prasanna - T-Series
Flute Fantasy
Colors of life
Tribute to Pt. Raghunath Prasanna
Nirmal Sangeet
Ghoomar
Enchanting of Himalayas
A tribute to Ustad Bismillah Khan (Shehnai) - 2006
References
External links
Official website
1956 births
Living people
Hindustani instrumentalists
Indian flautists
Bansuri players
Shehnai players
Musicians from Varanasi
Gilbertville Historic District is a historic district roughly on Main, Church, High, North, Broad and Bridge Streets Gilbertville, Massachusetts within Hardwick, Massachusetts. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The nearby Ware-Hardwick Covered Bridge is also on the National Register of Historic Places.
The village of Gilbertville grew up around a wool textile mill on the Ware River founded in the 1860s by George H. Gilbert, who already had wool factories in nearby Ware. His Gilbert Manufacturing Company built a Congregational church and a library for his workers, and also helped build the local high school. As many Catholic immigrants came to work in the mills, St. Aloysius Church was established to serve them. The wool industry had already begun to decline by 1938, when a flood destroyed much of the village.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Worcester County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
The 2007 Top League Challenge Series was the 2007 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2007–08 season. The competition was contested from 14 to 27 January 2007.
Kyuden Voltex and Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars won promotion to the 2007–08 Top League, while Honda Heat and Kintetsu Liners progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2.
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2007–08 Top League, while the third-placed team in Challenge 1 and the Challenge 2 winner qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2006 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2006 Top West League were:
Kintetsu Liners qualified for Challenge 1.
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 2.
Zentsuji SDF RFC, Mitsubishi Red Evolutions and Unitika Phoenix were all relegated to lower leagues.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2006 Top East League were:
Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars qualified for Challenge 1.
Tokyo Gas qualified for Challenge 2 after a play-off match against NTT Communications Shining Arcs.
The following match was played:
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2006 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Kyuden Voltex and Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified to the Second Phase.
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 1.
Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2007 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Kyuden Voltex and Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars won promotion to the 2007–08 Top League.
Kintetsu Liners progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2007 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2007 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Honda Heat progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2006 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2006–07 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2006 Challenge
2006–07 in Japanese rugby union
2006 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Carman Lee Yeuk-tung (born 16 August 1966) is a Hong Kong actress who has appeared in films such as The Wicked City (1992), Loving You (1995), The Odd One Lives (1997), and the North American Knock Off (1998) with Jean-Claude Van Damme. She is best known for her role as Xiaolongnü in the 1995 TV series adaptation of Louis Cha's wuxia novel The Return of the Condor Heroes.
Filmography
Television
Films
References
External links
Hong Kong film actresses
Hong Kong television actresses
Living people
1966 births
Nick Mamalis (born 1986) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Bantamweight division. A professional competitor since 2006, he has competed for Bellator and Absolute Championship Berkut.
Background
Born and raised in Wyoming, Mamalis began wrestling at the age of six. At Green River High School, Mamalis continued with wrestling as well as playing football. He won three state titles for wrestling, in addition to a runner-up finish. In football, he won All-State honors and helped lead his team to a state title. In college, Mamalis wrestled for the Western Wyoming Community College Mustangs where he was the national runner-up at 125 lbs. during his sophomore season.
Mixed martial arts career
Bellator Fighting Championships
Mamalis made his Bellator Fighting Championships debut at Bellator 20, against Mark Oshiro. Oshiro entered the fight as a heavy favorite, having already been signed to compete in the Bellator season three bantamweight tournament, but Mamalis defeated Oshiro 1:29 into round 2 via rear naked choke.
With the victory, Mamalis earned a shot at a tournament qualifier bout at Bellator 23. His opponent, also fighting for a spot in the upcoming tournament, was Albert Rios. Once again, Mamalis entered the fight as the betting underdog. He defeated Rios via TKO due to strikes 4:40 into the first round, securing his place in the tournament. He would then lose consecutive fights at Bellator 27 and 29.
Absolute Championship Berkut
Mamalis faced Terrion Ware on January 13, 2017 at ACB 51. He lost the fight by unanimous decision.
Bare-knuckle boxing
Mamalis faced Johnny Bedford at a Bare Knuckle FC event held on June 2, 2018. He lost the fight via TKO in the second round.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 28–14 (1)
| Ray Rodriguez
| Submission (d'arce choke)
| Rocks Xtreme MMA 26
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:23
| Corpus Christi, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 28–13 (1)
| Ricky Bandejas
| KO (punch)
| Cage Fury Fighting Championships 69
|
| align=center| 4
| align=center| 4:07
| Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 28–12 (1)
| Kevin Gray
| Technical Submission (guillotine choke)
| Victory Fighting Championship 57
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:53
| Topeka, Kansas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 28–11 (1)
| Nick Urso
| TKO (punches)
| Top Shelf Entertainment: Rocky Mountain Rubicon 4
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|0:48
| Fountain, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 27–11 (1)
| Terrion Ware
| Decision (unanimous)
| ACB 51: Silva vs. Torgeson
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Irvine, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 27–10 (1)
| Adam Imhoff
| TKO
| Rocky Mountain MMA 12: Fists of Fury 3
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:00
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 26–10 (1)
| Juan Santa Cruz
| TKO (injury)
| Rocky Mountain MMA 11: Fists of Fury 2
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:05
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 25–10 (1)
| Craig Ross
| Decision (unanimous)
| JHEFN: Jeremy Horn's Elite Fight Night 26
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 24–10 (1)
| Czar Sklavos
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Rocky Mountain MMA: Fist of Fury
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:50
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 24–9 (1)
| Nick Honstein
| Decision (unanimous)
| SCL: Rivals
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 23–9 (1)
| Nick Denis
| KO (slam)
| Wreck MMA: Unfinished Business
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|1:03
| Gatineau, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 23–8 (1)
| Randy Villarreal
| Submission (rear-naked Choke)
| BTT MMA 2: Genesis
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:24
| Pueblo, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 22–8 (1)
| Adrian Wooley
| Decision (split)
| Score Fighting Series 1
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–8 (1)
| Ryan Roberts
| Decision (unanimous)
| The Cage Inc.: Battle at the Border 9
|
| align=center|5
| align=center|5:00
| Hankinson, North Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21–7 (1)
| Josh Rave
| Submission (punches)
| VFC: Victory Fighting Championship 33
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|1:30
| Iowa, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–7 (1)
| Jameel Massouh
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Bellator 29
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:27
| Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States
|Catchweight (140 lbs) bout.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–6 (1)
| Zach Makovsky
| Decision (unanimous)
| Bellator 27
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| San Antonio, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–5 (1)
| Albert Rios
| TKO (strikes)
| Bellator 23
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:40
| Louisville, Kentucky, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–5 (1)
| Mark Oshiro
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Bellator 20
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|1:29
| San Antonio, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–5 (1)
| Rafael de Freitas
| Submission (rear-naked Choke)
| Chavez Dojo - Revolutionary Rumble
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:12
| Albuquerque, New Mexico, Mexico
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–4 (1)
| Zach Wolff
| Decision (unanimous)
| VFC 30: Night of Champions
|
| align=center|5
| align=center|5:00
| Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–4 (1)
| Emmanuel Chapman
| TKO (punches)
| FI: Fight Industries
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:53
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–4 (1)
| Ron Muir
| TKO (corner stoppage)
| FTW Featherweight Grand Prix Final Round
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|5:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–4 (1)
| Jesse Henley
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| FTW Featherweight Grand Prix Round Two
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–4 (1)
| Jesse Brock
| Submission (kneebar)
| Jeremy Horn's Elite Fight Night 9
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|2:58
| Layton, Utah, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–3 (1)
| Jeff Willingham
| TKO (punches)
| WOFCF 3
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:43
| Green River, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–3 (1)
| Olly Bradstreet
| Submission (triangle choke)
| WOFCF 2
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|4:26
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–3 (1)
| Vellore Cabellero
| TKO (punches)
| FTW Featherweight Grand Prix Opening Round
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|0:44
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11–3 (1)
| Steven Siler
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Throwdown Showdown 3
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:25
| Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–2 (1)
| Woody Gonzales
| TKO (punches)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 12
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–2 (1)
| Eddie Pelczynski
| Submission (rear-naked Choke)
| WOFCF: Word of Fist Cage Fights 1
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|N/A
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–2 (1)
| Ray Wolfley
| Submission (armbar)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 11
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–2 (1)
| Ty Hamblin
| Decision (unanimous)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 10
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2 (1)
| Brandon Visher
| Decision (unanimous)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 9
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–2 (1)
| Mike Smith
| Decision (unanimous)
|Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 8
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 5–2 (1)
| Travis Marx
| No Contest
| Jeremy Horn's Elite Fight Night 1
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|3:33
| Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Ryan Schofield
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 7, Vol. 2
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Brenton Swanson
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Kraze in the Cage: Chapter 7, Vol. 1
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|N/A
| Rock Springs, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–2
| Tyler Toner
| Submission (armbar)
| Battlequest 6: Shootout
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:23
| Eagle, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Dan Berry
| Submission (triangle choke)
| UCE Round 26: Episode 12
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:29
| Ogden, Utah, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Erick Buck
| Submission (punches)
| Battlequest 5: Avalanche
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|0:41
| Vail, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–1
| Steve Hellman
| Submission (triangle choke)
| KITC: Kraze in the Cage
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|N/A
| Wyoming, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–1
| Raphael Assunção
| Submission (armbar)
| Ring of Fire 26
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:35
| Castle Rock, Colorado, United States
|
Bare knuckle record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0-1
|Johnny Bedford
|TKO (punches)
|BKFC 1: The Beginning
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:41
|Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States
|
|-
References
External links
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Wyoming
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing collegiate wrestling
1986 births
Bare-knuckle boxers
American male boxers
American male sport wrestlers
People from Green River, Wyoming
Ailford's halt opened in c1894 and closed in 1992. It was on the Kingston to Montego Bay line, from the Kingston terminus, and served the surrounding agricultural community.
Architecture
By definition, halts have no station building or platform.
Track layout
A single track with a marked place for trains to stop alongside the B8 road, which runs from Ferris Corner (near Savanna-la-Mar) to Reading (near Montego Bay).
Fares
In 1910 the third class fare from Albany to Kingston was 8/- (eight shillings); first class was about double.
See also
Railways of Jamaica
Railway stations in Jamaica
References
Bibliography
External links
Aerial view of site.
Railway stations in Jamaica
Buildings and structures in Saint James Parish, Jamaica
Railway stations opened in 1894
Railway stations closed in 1992
khargh (Faruj) County () is a county in North Khorasan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Faruj. It was separated from Shirvan County in 2004. At the 2006 census, the county's population was 48,743, in 12,947 families. The county has two districts (bakhsh): Central District and Khabushan District. The county has two cities: Faruj & Titkanlu.
References
اطلس گیتاشناسی استان‌های ایران [Atlas Gitashenasi Ostanhai Iran] (Gitashenasi Province Atlas of Iran)
Counties of North Khorasan Province
BRP Artemio Ricarte (PS-37) is third ship of the Jacinto-class corvettes currently assigned to the Offshore Combat Force of the Philippine Fleet. She is one of few ships in the Philippine Navy equipped with modern systems after the completion of combat, navigation and weapon systems upgrade of her class in August 2019. She was originally called HMS Starling (P241) during her service with the Royal Navy.
History
Launched as the third of five patrol vessels of the Peacock class, she was originally part of the Hong Kong Squadron of the Royal Navy. The ships were built by Hall, Russell & Company in the United Kingdom and were commissioned into Royal Navy service from 1983 to 1984. The class was designed specifically for patrol duties in Hong Kong waters. As well as ‘flying the flag' and providing a constant naval presence in region, they could undertake a number of different roles including Seamanship, Navigation and Gunnery training and Search-and-Rescue duties for which they had facilities to carry divers (including a decompression chamber) and equipment to recover vessels and aircraft. They also worked with the Marine Department of the Hong Kong Police and with Customs & Excise in order to prevent the constant flow of illegal immigrants, narcotics and electronic equipment into the Colony.
Out of the five ships in its class, three of them, HMS Peacock (P239), HMS Plover (P240), and HMS Starling (P241), were left in Hong Kong until 1997. They were sold to the Philippines as a sign of goodwill, and were officially turned over to the Philippine Navy on 1 August 1997 when Hong Kong was ceded back to China.
Notable Deployments
Naval Exercises
The Artemio Ricarte was part of the Philippine Navy contingent to join CARAT 2004, together with her sistership BRP Emilio Jacinto. This was followed immediately with a separate exercise with two Royal Navy ships, namely HMS Exeter (D89) and RFA Grey Rover (A269).
On 10 April 2007, Artemio Ricarte, together with BRP Quezon and BRP Bienvenido Salting, took part in a 10-day naval exercise with the Malaysian Navy dubbed "MALPHI LAUT 2007". Malaysian vessels that took part include KD Kedah, KD Laksamana Tan Pusmah, and KD Yu.
She joined BRP Juan Magluyan (PG-392) and BRP Bacolod City (LC-550) and the Essex Expeditionary Strike Group during the sea exercise phase of the RP-US Balikatan 2008 in February 2008.
She was again included in the recently concluded CARAT 2008 exercises with the US Navy last May - June 2008. She was joined by BRP Nicolas Mahusay (PG-116), BRP Boni Serrano (PG-111) and the Philippine Coast Guard ship BRP Pampanga (AU-003).
The Artemio Ricarte, together with BRP Leopoldo Regis (PG-847), BRP Dagupan City (LC-551), BRP Rajah Humabon (PF-11), USS Essex (LHD-2), and USS Tortuga (LSD-46) were part of the naval component of the US-RP Balikatan 2009 bi-lateral exercises held in April 2009.
Technical details
The ships under this class are characterized by a low freeboard, an Oto-Melara 76 mm gun turret located forward, large funnel amidships and a crane and rigid-hulled inflatable boat (RHIB) aft.
The Oto Melara 76 mm Compact DP (Dual Purpose) gun is the primary weapon and is mounted in a turret forward of the bridge. It has a range of up to and can be used against ships, aircraft or ground targets. It is remotely controlled from within the Combat Information Center by the gunnery officer and has no crew within the turret itself. The gun can fire 80 rounds in 60 seconds from its ready magazine, and the ships can carry a total of 450 rounds.
The secondary weapon (located at the stern) is a M242 Bushmaster 25 mm cannon in an MSI Defense System DS-25 Seahawk A1 mount.
Both guns are automated and are integrated with the Ultra Electronics Fire Control System and Series 1700 Electro-optical tracking system (EOTS).
In addition to the abovementioned guns, these ships also carry two .50 caliber heavy machine guns at the bridgewings, and two 20 mm Mk.16 cannons on Mk.68 mounts at the midships.
The Ultra Electronics Series 1700 EOTS replaced the Radamec 1500 Series 2500 installed by the PN in 2005, which in turn replaced the older GSA7 Sea Archer Mk 1 electro-optical director with a GEC V3800 thermal imager added in 1987.
The ships are powered by two APE-Crossley SEMT-Pielstick diesels (14,188 bhp combined) driving two three-bladed propellers. It has a drop down loiter engine with a shrouded prop of used to keep station and save fuel. The main engines can propel the 664 ton (712 tons full load) ship at over , with a sustained speed of . Its range is at .
These corvettes were specifically designed for Asian service, having air-conditioned crew spaces and have been designed to stay at sea during typhoons and other strong weather anomalies common to Asian seas. The ships were modified soon after entering Royal Navy service with deeper bilge keels to alleviate a propensity to roll during moderate and heavy seas.
The ship also carries two Avon Searaider 5.4 m, 30 kt, 10-man RHIB.
Upgrades
Upon entry with the Philippine Navy, additional refits were made to replace the four (4) 7.62mm machine guns with two (2) .50 caliber heavy machine guns and two 20 mm Mk.16 cannons. There are plans to add anti-ship missiles to the ships, but due to top-weight problems, it would have to be a lightweight system such as Sea Skua, although no missiles have been ordered to date.
The Philippine Navy embarked on a 3-phase upgrade of the ships. Phase 1 involves the upgrade of the ship's command & control, surveillance, and fire control systems, and was awarded to British defense contractor QinetiQ. It involved the installation of a new MSI Defence DS-25 Seahawk AUTSIG mount with M242 Bushmaster 25mm naval gun, a new Fire Constrol System and Radamec's 1500 Series 2500 electro-optical tracking system (EOTS, Raytheon gyro compass, Sperry Marine Naval BridgeMaster E Series Surface Search Radar, GPS, anemometer, and EM logs. All these were integrated with the ship's existing systems. The Phase 1 upgrade was completed in 2005.
The Phase 2 is the Marine Engineering Upgrade Program, which includes the repair and remediation of the hull, overhaul and improvement of the Main Propulsion including control and monitoring systems, electrical plant, auxiliary systems, outfitting and hull furnishings and training the navy crew in the operation and maintenance of the new plant. The tendering process for the ship's Phase 2 upgrades has commenced as of November 2013 as was allocated a budget of Php 216 million.
Phase 3 was originally a Service Life Extension Program (SLEP). But this was later changed to Combat System Alignment project to improve the combat capability of the patrol vessels. It involves replacing the existing EO/IR and fire control system with a newer system and a Command and Control (C2) module, repairing the 76mm Oto Melara Compact and 25mm Bushmaster gun on MSI Defence Seahawk mount, and other relevant upgrades.
The JCPV Phase 3A Combat Systems Upgrade project was awarded to Ultra Electronics, which installed their Fire Control System and Series 1700 electro-optical targeting system, and the Kelvin Hughes Sharpeye X-band surface search surveillance radar.
The ship will undergo further dock works, as it would then be having drydock repairs and repowering works.
Apart from the upgrades, additional refits were made to replace the four (4) 7.62mm machine guns with two (2) .50 caliber heavy machine guns and two 20 mm Mk.16 cannons. There are plans to add anti-ship missiles to the ships, but due to top-weight problems, it would have to be a lightweight system such as Sea Skua, although no missiles have been ordered to date.
Gallery
See also
List of ships of the Philippine Navy
References
External links
Philippine Navy Official website
Philippine Fleet Official Website
Jacinto Class Patrol Vessel threads @ Philippine Defense Forum
Hazegray World Navies Today: Philippines
Naming and Code Designation of PN Ships
Ships of the Philippine Navy
Jacinto-class corvettes
1997 in Hong Kong
1983 ships
Ships built by Hall, Russell & Company
Violeta Hemsy de Gainza (born 25 January 1929) is an Argentine pianist and piano pedagogue.
Biography
Violeta Hemsy de Gainza was born in Tucumán Province on 25 January 1929. She completed her undergraduate studies at the National University of Tucumán, where she graduated with a licentiate in music, piano specialty. In 1951 she obtained a scholarship to improve her skills at the Teacher's College at Columbia University in New York. She later studied in Paris with Gerda Alexander, creator of the concept of "eutony" (1976), and in Denmark (1982). She has written about 40 publications that have been translated into English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Dutch, ranging from general music pedagogy, piano, and guitar teaching, to children's and youth vocal ensembles, as well as improvisation and music therapy. These are frequently cited in theses and research papers.
She served as president of the Latin American Forum of Musical Education (FLADEM) from its founding in 1995 until 2005. She was a board member of the International Society for Music Education (ISME) from 1986 to 1990. She has also been invited as a juror, teacher, and lecturer by universities, conservatories, musical and artistic centers, as well as international organizations such as the Organization of American States, UNESCO, and governments such as France, Germany, Spain's Ministry of Education, and Colombia's Ministry of Culture.
In 1989, Hemsy received the Konex Award diploma of merit for classical music.
She also ventured into the publishing field as director of the Pedagogical Library Musical Collection for the Guadalupe Publishing House, editor of the ISME yearbooks in Spanish, editor of the magazine of the Argentine Association of Music Therapy, and co-director of the Lumen Publishing Group's Body, Art, and Health Collection.
Hemsy has served as ISME's honorary president and coordinator of its Music Therapy Commission (1974–1986), and has taught at the Carlos López Buchardo National Conservatory and the Manuel de Falla Municipal Conservatory in Buenos Aires.
Her students include prominent musicians such as Andrés Calamaro, , Fito Páez, Ariel Rot, and .
Selected works
Fundamentos, materiales y técnicas de la educación musical (1984), Editorial Ricordi Americana, .
La iniciación musical del niño (1984), Editorial Ricordi Americana, .
Método para piano (1984), Editorial Barry, .
Música para niños compuesta por niños (1984), Editorial Guadalupe, .
A jugar y cantar con el piano (1993), Editorial Guadalupe, .
La educación musical frente al futuro (1993), Editorial Guadalupe, .
La improvisación musical (1993), Editorial Ricordi Americana, .
El cantar tiene sentido (1994), Editorial Ricordi Americana, .
Aproximación a la eutonía, conversaciones con Gerda Alexander (1997), Editorial Paidós, .
Claudio Gabis: sur, blues y educación musical (2000), Editorial Lumen, .
En música in dependencia educación y crisis social (2007), Editorial Lumen, .
Conversaciones con Gerda Alexander (2007), Editorial Lumen, .
References
External links
Violeta Hemsy de Gainza at ISME
1929 births
20th-century Argentine educators
20th-century Argentine women writers
20th-century Argentine writers
21st-century Argentine educators
21st-century Argentine women writers
21st-century Argentine writers
Argentine classical pianists
Argentine non-fiction writers
Argentine publishers (people)
Argentine women pianists
Living people
National University of Tucumán alumni
People from Tucumán Province
Piano pedagogues
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
Women music educators
Women classical pianists
20th-century women educators
21st-century women educators
Gaspare Matcovich (1797 in Fiume – 1881), local leader of the Kossuthists in Fiume. Emarginated after 1867 the Deákist faction of Giovanni de Ciotta become dominant in Fiume. The clash between Liberalism and radicalism in Hungary continued in Fiume, since the Kossuthists survived with Antonio Walluschnig, and later Riccardo Zanella.
Allegedly, he spent periods in England and Cuba, being involved with slave trade in the 1820s. Later, in 1820 he was employed at the Hanse bank in Trieste. He arrived in Fiume in 1823 as agent of Spiridione Gopcevich (1815 - 1861), powerful Serb merchant and shipowner. In 1823 Fiume was returned to Hungary and the prospects were growing. In 1827 Matcovich managed to sell the paper mill previously owned by A L Adamich to Walter Grafton Smith and Carl Meynier, that was to become a major fiuman industrial enterprise. In 1844 he became the director of the Società della strada ferrata Vukovar-Fiume, the first railway society that had the plan of connecting Fiume with the Pannonian Plain, and was sponsored by Lajos Kossuth.
References
Hungarian politicians
19th century in Croatia
1797 births
1881 deaths
The 1963 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. The Rebels were led by 17th-year head coach Johnny Vaught and played their home games at Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi. Ole Miss were champions of the Southeastern Conference, finishing the regular season with a record of 7–0–2 (5–0–1 SEC) and ranked 7th in the final AP Poll. They were invited to the 1964 Sugar Bowl, where they lost to fellow SEC member Alabama.
Through the 2021 season, this is Ole Miss' most recent conference championship.
Schedule
Personnel
Awards
Perry Lee Dunn - 2nd Team All-SEC (AP, UPI)
References
Ole Miss
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football
William Graham (born 1866 in Dreghorn, Scotland) was a footballer who played in the English Football League for Newcastle United and championship winning Preston North End.
Graham made his League debut on 8 September 1888 at centre-half for Preston North End against Burnley at Deepdale in Preston; his side won 5–2. He played in only five of Preston's 22 League Championship matches.
His brother Johnny was also a footballer and a teammate at Preston.
References
Scottish footballers
Newcastle United F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
English Football League players
1866 births
1937 deaths
Association football wing halves
Footballers from North Ayrshire
Newcastle East End F.C. players
The eastern mosquitofish (Gambusia holbrooki) was introduced to Australia in 1925, and had spread from the northeast coasts to New South Wales, southern Australia, and parts of Western Australia by 1934. By the 21st century, known populations of wild mosquitofish had occurred in every state and territory except the Northern Territory, found in swamps, lakes, billabongs, thermal springs, salt lakes, and ornamental ponds. Mosquitofish are considered a noxious pest, especially in New South Wales and Queensland, and it is illegal to release them into the wild or transport them live into any of the states or territories. Mosquitofish were introduced by military and local councils to control mosquito populations; however, there has been no evidence that Gambusia has had any effect in controlling mosquito populations or mosquito-borne diseases. Studies have shown that Gambusia can suffer mortalities if fed only on mosquito larvae, and survivors show poor growth and maturation. Gambusia typically eat zooplankton, beetles, mayflies, caddis flies, mites and other invertebrates; mosquito larvae make up only a small portion of their diet.
Mosquito control
Many ichthyologists believe native species are more effective in population control than mosquitofish. These include species such as the western minnow and pygmy perches. Unfortunately, gambusia may have exacerbated the mosquito problem in many areas by outcompeting native invertebrate predators of mosquito larvae. Because of their aggressive nature and high birthrate, mosquitofish can overtake most native species in an area, drastically harming local populations. Even if they were needed for mosquito control, studies have also shown that at least 5,000 fish/ha would be needed for effective control. However, mosquitoes' breeding environments are migratory and unreliable, so regular fish predators can have little effect from year to year.
Biology
Mosquitofish have a high tolerance for salinity, low oxygen, extreme temperatures (from 0.5-35°C), and pollutants, and are therefore able to live in many areas where other fish cannot. Certain thermal adaptations have allowed them to live in places from 55° North to 44° South, expanding their natural range. However, cool temperatures can affect their reproduction cycle. They have a resistance to a wide variety of pollutants, including organic waste, heavy metals, insecticides, herbicides, rotenone, phenol, and radiation.
Effect on native wildlife
Mosquitofish have harmed native fish populations in many ways. Gambusia holbrooki has been implicated in the decline of at least 9 fish and 10 native frog species.
By consuming algae-eating zooplankton, they increase the chances of algae blooms in the water, reducing the water quality. They are very aggressive, and tend to attack other fish and nip their fins, leading to infection or death. Studies have shown that the purple spotted gudgeon fish population has declined as a result of high densities of mosquitofish. They have also negatively impacted populations of beetles, backswimmers, rotifers, red finned blue eye, Edgbast goby, crustaceans and mollusks, to name a few. In a study done by Keane et al., 2004, one major threat to Tasmanian fauna could be to native galaxiids, as suggested by the fact that mosquitofish are known to attack and kill adult Galaxias gracilis in New Zealand. If Gambusia became native in certain areas by eradicating other fish populations, it could put a great deal of stress on the remaining flora and fauna. Decreasing the number of native species would also benefit mosquitoes by decreasing the competitive pressure from other fish. Because of their high reproductive rate (an average of 50 young per brood, with up to nine broods per year), fast maturation (sexual maturity is reached in two months), and aggressive behaviour, mosquitofish can outcompete almost any native fish.
Mosquitofish also pose a threat to populations of native frogs (such as Limnodynastes ornatus) in natural water bodies where these species co-occur. In one study conducted by Keane et al., Gambusia consumed the tadpoles of L. ornatus, leading researchers to believe that over a period of time, they could wipe out the L. ornatus population as a whole. Gambusia are known predators of tadpoles of other closely related frog species, such as L. aurea and L. dentata. The green and golden bellfrog in Tasmania is now directly threatened by Gambusia, and is listed under Tasmania's Threatened Species Protection Act 1995. Another study conducted by Keane found that tadpoles are better suited to environments without introduced fish. Responses observed in the green and golden bellfrog suggest that tadpoles are naïve to mosquitofish because they did not respond to them. Additionally, Gambusia and other introduced fish may have reduced the suitability of permanent water bodies as breeding sites for pond-breeding amphibian species such as the green and golden bellfrog.
One species of fish, the Edgbaston hardyhead, was restricted to one spring-fed pool in the Edgbaston Spring Complex located in Edgbaston Station, central Queensland. The hardyhead competes with the mosquitofish for food and resources; if the mosquitofish outcompetes the hardyhead, they will have eradicated an entire species in one fell swoop. That is why the hardyhead is now considered a high priority for conservation recovery actions in Queensland, where steps are now being taken to exterminate the mosquitofish from the spring.
The mosquitofish was nominated as an environmental hazard in NSW in 1999 under the Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995, making it illegal for landowners to do anything that would help spread Gambusia. This includes releasing mosquitofish pets into the wild, one of the biggest problems affecting local rivers throughout eastern Australia.
Control measures
Proposals for Gambusia population control have included introducing viral, bacterial, or fungal diseases and parasites into an overpopulated area. However, many diseases can jump species and would harm native fish.
The Tasmanian Government has taken steps to eradicate mosquitofish by containing current populations and minimising paths of dispersal. In Gordon's Lagoon at the Clarkesdale Bird Sanctuary in Linton, Victoria, which experiences major infestations of mosquitofish year-round, park managers took advantage of dry conditions by draining ponds in 2008. Residual wet areas were treated with lime solutions, changing the pH of the water and killing off the fish.
In 2018, University of Western Australia researchers built a robot fish that mimics the movements and appearance of the natural predator of the mosquitofish, the largemouth bass, and found that it scared the pest species away. After a team of biologists and engineers from Australia, the US and Italy trialled using the fake predator fish, a study published in iScience in December 2021 revealed that fear of the robot fish altered the behaviour, physiology and fertility of the mosquitofish.
See also
Invasive species in Australia
Conservation in Australia
Environmental issues in Australia
References
External links
Gambusia Control Homepage
Invasive animal species in Australia
Gambusia
Portuguese Surinamese people are Surinamese citizens of Portuguese ancestry.
In 1853, the first Portuguese people arrived from the Portuguese island of Madeira, having been sponsored by a coalition of planters and by the colonial government. They were actually on their way to British Guiana, where the planters also sought alternative sources of labour after the abolition of slavery, but ended up in Suriname. A total of 500 Madeirans came as indentured workers to Suriname. At the end of their contract, they left the fields and sought an existence in the market. In later years, more immigrants from Madeira and British Guiana came to Suriname, however, no longer as indentured laborers but as free immigrants.
Portuguese Sephardic Jews had settled between the 15th and 16th centuries before the Dutch arrived. The first Portuguese Jews came from the Netherlands, Portugal and Italy to settle in the old capital Torarica.
References
Ethnic groups in Suriname
European Surinamese
Portuguese Caribbean
Suriname
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dane County, Wisconsin. It aims to provide a comprehensive listing of buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Dane County, Wisconsin listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below may be seen in a map.
There are 253 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Dane County, including 10 National Historic Landmarks. 153 of these properties and districts, including 8 of the National Historic Landmarks, are located in the city of Madison; these are listed separately, while the remaining 100 properties and districts are listed below. An additional site was once listed on the National Register but has been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wisconsin
Listings in neighboring counties: Columbia, Dodge, Green, Iowa, Jefferson, Rock, Sauk
National Historic Preservation Act of 1966
Wisconsin Historical Society
References
External links
Historic Madison, Inc.
Madison Landmarks Commission
Madison Trust for Historic Preservation
Dane
The white-chinned myzomela (Myzomela albigula) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in the Louisiade Archipelago.
References
Myzomela
Birds of the Louisiade Archipelago
Birds described in 1898
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
6S may stand for:
6S (music), key signature of six sharps
6S (radiative transfer code), a computer program that simulates the reflection of solar radiation
6S / SsrS RNA, the first noncoding RNA to be sequenced
6S, a modification of the 5S methodology which includes "Safety" as the 6th S. It is a lean process improvement tool that stands for Sort, Set in Order (aka Straighten or Stabilize), Shine (aka Scrub or Sweep), Standardize, Sustain, Safety.
6S can be the shortened form of Six Sigma
iPhone 6S, a smartphone by Apple, Inc.
6S, the production code for the 1984 Doctor Who is a serial The Twin Dilemma
Transportation
Kato Airline, a Norwegian airline with an IATA airline designator of 6S from 1996 to 2008
Sahara Airlines (Algeria), an Algerian airline with an IATA airline designator of 6S from 1999 to 2003
British Rail Class 201 diesel-electric multiple units with 6 coaches and a short frame (6S)
See also
6 (disambiguation)
S4 (disambiguation)
6X (disambiguation)
Aarhus C is a postal district in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, consisting of the Inner city, Vesterbro, University of Aarhus, Frederiksbjerg, Langenæs and Aarhus Ø, with postal code 8000. The district is commonly defined as the area enclosed by the ring road of Ring 1 (also referred to as Ringgaden), and in the west by the Aarhus Harbour and shoreline.
Aarhus C is an abbreviation of Aarhus Centrum, which means "the centre of Aarhus" and is home to around 55,000 citizens.
Quarters and areas
Midtbyen
Midtbyen is the oldest part of Aarhus and was where the city originated, and is therefore known as the city's historical center. It is characterized by narrow, winding, cobbled streets and many small shops, and a large part of the area is car free and has been pedestrianised. The square of Store Torv in front of the cathedral forms a natural centre of the pedestrian zone. The main walking route through Midtbyen is the long pedestrian street of Strøget, which runs from the cathedral to the central train station. Apart from the small boutiques, Midtbyen also presents large department stores and the shopping centre Bruun's Galleri with 93 stores. The main routes by car in Midtbyen are via one of the three roads: Nørre Allé, Vestre Allé and Søndre Allé.
Vesterbro
Vesterbro should not be confused with Vesterbro in the capital, Copenhagen. Aarhus' Vesterbro is newer than Midtbyen, and was originally the western entrance to the town, which is why there are street names such as Vesterport, literally meaning Western-gate.
The main square of Vesterbro Torv used to be a market square for pigs and other animals in the 1880s. Now it is the busiest junction in Vesterbro. Half a mile west of Vesterbro Torv is one of the city's most famous landmarks, Den Gamle By, located within Aarhus Botanical Gardens. Right next to Den Gamle By is the now defunct Ceres Brewery from 1856. The site of the old brewery is currently being transformed and rebuilt into a new neighbourhood of Vesterbro, presenting educational institutions, residential apartments, offices and businesses.
Frederiksbjerg
Frederiksbjerg is located south of Midtbyen and the central station. Its name literally means Frederik's hill or mountain. Separated by a wide railway yard, it is connected to the inner city by three bridges. It is inhabited by approximately 20,000 people.
Frederiksbjerg has around 400 shops mainly located in the three large shopping streets Bruunsgade, Jægergårdsgade, Frederiks Allé. Frederiks Allé is a main route leading into the City from the suburbs, and going out of Frederiksbjerg it changes name to Skanderborgvej, as it historically was the main road to the town of Skanderborg. Frederiksbjerg is a quieter part of Aarhus C, with most buildings dating from the beginning of the 20th century, and with many large apartments, suitable for families with children.
Aarhus Docklands
Aarhus Docklands is the newest part of Aarhus C. The area is founded on both newly constructed land and former wharves, bought by the municipality from the Port of Aarhus company in 2007 and is not yet fully developed. There have been many ambitious development projects here, including the proposition of a 144m tall Light House building, which would have become Denmark's tallest building. Parts of this project were postponed due to the 2008 financial crisis. The city plans to develop Aarhus Docklands as a new modern neighbourhood with canals, parks and modern architecture.
University of Aarhus
The main campus of University of Aarhus is located immediately north of Midtbyen, with most buildings situated in and around the recreational parks of Universitetsparken and Vennelystparken. The whole campus, including the parks, has been designed with a common architectural design, characterized by yellow brick and tile, and the landscaped park was protected by national law in 1993. New buildings - also in yellow brick and tile - have continuously been added in and around the original campus ever since construction began in 1932. Aarhus University also administers other departments and buildings across town, including Nobelparken completed in 2004 just north of the original campus.
Landmarks and institutions
Aarhus Cathedral (), the tallest and longest cathedral in Denmark
Church of Our Lady, an old historic church with attached priory
Aarhus City Hall
Aarhus University ()
Science Museums, 3 public science museums across the city
State and University Library (Statsbiblioteket)
Den Gamle By, an open-air museum
Royal Academy of Music in Aarhus (), the Juttish music conservatory.
Aarhus Botanical Gardens ()
ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum, the main Aarhus arts museum
Aarhus Kunstbygning, contemporary arts centre
Aarhus Theatre, the official theater of the city
Kvindemuseet, the Women's Museum
Transportation
Aarhus C is more or less defined as the area enclosed by the ring road of Ring 1 (Ringgaden), one of the main traffic routes in Aarhus. Six main roads radiates outwards from Aarhus C, connecting to nearby larger cities. This comprises the roads of Grenåvej, Randersvej, Viborgvej, Silkeborgvej, Skanderborgvej and Oddervej.
Bicycles
Bicycles are a popular vehicle for transportation in all of Denmark. Most major roads have bicycle lanes reserved for cyclists and the cycling infrastructure is highly developed. In Aarhus, new routes prioritized for cyclists have opened in the 2000s and this includes the streets of Skolegade, Mejlgade and Frederiks Gade in Aarhus C. The shared bikeways of Brabrandstien and Hallssti (and others), used by both pedestrians and cyclists have been in operation for many years, however. Many major roads in the central district have bicycle lanes or some other form of cycling infrastructure, but not all. Two national and five regional cycling routes pass through Aarhus C.
Aarhus City Bikes (Aarhus Bycykel) is a public bicycle sharing system with around 50 hubs in Aarhus C and a few in Aarhus N. The system is only in operation from April through October.
Bike taxi services has been popping up in Aarhus C in the 2010s. Some companies ride customers all year round, also on trips outside Aarhus C occasionally. Bike taxis are not a common sight in the city, but can sometimes be picked up at the central spots of Banegårdspladsen, Lille Torv, Store Torv, Åboulevarden or near ordinary taxicab services and they tend to be more active during weekends, city festivals and larger events.
Bus
Aarhus, and Aarhus C in particular, has a tight net of bus lines. Most city bus lines go through the inner city with stops at either Park Allé or Banegårdspladsen (Central Station Square) or both. Many lines continue through Midtbyen, by a special road-lane reserved for buses, with several stops. County and Inter-city buses terminate at Aarhus Bus Terminal, located immediately north east of the Central Station.
Car
Apart from a few major roads, car traffic in Aarhus C is heavily regulated. This includes speed limits, one-way streets, roads prioritized for cyclists and restricted areas. There are several large commercial car parking facilities and a system of electronic road-side panels display the changing parking load in an effort to make more efficient use of the parking space altogether. Finding a legal and available spot for road-side parking, is difficult.
Rail
Aarhus is connected to the rest of Denmark with inter-city and commuter rail, and Aarhus Central Station serves as a major hub for rail traffic in Denmark. Many trains terminate here while others pass through and continue to other parts of the country. The station is mainly served by DSB, but Arriva also has several lines terminating here.
There is no metro or S-train system in Aarhus to serve the city itself, but Aarhus Light Rail opened in December 2017. It is an electrically propelled tram system and the first of its kind in Denmark. The light rail will be expanded with more lines in the coming years.
Walking
Larger parts of the inner city of Aarhus has been pedestrianized and walking is an easy, safe and popular means of transportation in Aarhus C. Many important facilities and institutions are located within the district and easily reached on foot. Wheel-chair ramps and elevators for the handicapped are to be found in all public buildings in Denmark and this includes Aarhus as well. Public toilets in the streets are almost exclusively coin-operated, automatic, pay toilets and unisex, so it is advised to stack a few spare coins in the pocket.
Gallery
See also
Other postal districts in Aarhus include:
Aarhus N
Aarhus V
Viby J
Højbjerg
Brabrand
References
External links
C
The Electoral district of Wimmera was one of the original sixteen electoral districts of the old unicameral Victorian Legislative Council of 1851 to 1856. Victoria was a colony in Australia at the time.
The district was located in the far north-west of Victoria, its area was defined as being "Bounded on the east by the Avoca River to Lake Bael Bael and thence by a line due north to the River Murray on the north by the River Murray to the South Australian frontier on the west by the South Australian frontier and on the south by the Counties of Follett, Dundas and Ripon".
From 1856 onwards, the Victorian parliament consisted of two houses, the Victorian Legislative Council (upper house, consisting of Provinces) and the Victorian Legislative Assembly (lower house).
Members
= resigned
= by-election
Taylor later represented Southern Province in the Victorian Legislative Council from April 1864.
See also
Parliaments of the Australian states and territories
List of members of the Victorian Legislative Council
References
Former electoral districts of Victorian Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
"Chris Benoit" is a song written by Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark for the duo's 2012 album The Mighty Death Pop! A music video was filmed in June 2012, directed by the Deka Brothers. The album's concept "teaches us to respect the life we've been given and do our best to avoid an early death." The song was named after the professional wrestler, who died in a murder-suicide after killing his wife and son. A remix of the song appeared on the remix album Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium, and featured rappers Ice Cube and Scarface. This song was released 5 years after his death.
Music and lyrics
Inspiration for the song came from wrestler Chris Benoit, who murdered his wife and son before committing suicide. Insane Clown Posse broadly alluded to the murders in the song's lyrics, but the focus of the song is not the murders themselves, but of suddenly losing one's sanity, and eclipsing in violence. The song pertains to the album's overall concept, which "teaches us to respect the life we've been given and do our best to avoid an early death." The song was remixed by Kuma for the remix album Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium. The remix featured additional verses by Ice Cube and Scarface.
Music video
The music video for "Chris Benoit" was filmed in June 2012, five years after the Chris Benoit murders took place. It was the first music video from The Mighty Death Pop! Violent J allowed French directors the Deka Brothers to exercise creative control over the video, with ICP's only input being a request for "minimal wrestling scenes" and "plenty of slow-motion, blur and artsy abstraction". Also in the video there were a few stock picture flashes of Chris Benoit himself. Violent J wanted the video to look like those made by Nirvana and was impressed with the Deka Brothers' work on Skrillex's First of the Year (Equinox). The music video aired on July 26–27, 2012 during a live episode of Violent J's "The Witching Hours" on Psychopathic Radio. The music video was later released on the Psychopathic Records YouTube channel.
Reception
The Houston Press criticized the song, suggesting that it glorified the wrestler's murders. Spin said that the song uses the wrestler's psyche "to stare into the void". Graveside Entertainment cited "Chris Benoit" as a standout of the Mighty Death Pop!, calling it one of Insane Clown Posse's darkest songs, writing "ICP wisely took a more subtle approach focusing on the mind state someone like Benoit may have had during and after the act and it works extremely well."
References
External links
Official website
2012 singles
Insane Clown Posse songs
Horrorcore songs
Songs about crime
Songs about death
Songs about mental health
Songs about suicide
Songs about violence
Songs based on actual events
Cultural depictions of American men
2012 songs
Cultural depictions of professional wrestlers
The yellow-throated bush sparrow (Gymnoris superciliaris), also known as the yellow-throated petronia, is a species of bird in the sparrow family Passeridae. It is found in south-central and southern Africa in its natural habitats of subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
External links
Yellow-throated petronia in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
yellow-throated bush sparrow
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
yellow-throated bush sparrow
yellow-throated bush sparrow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yevgeniya Gennadyevna "Yenia" Burlo (Евгения Геннадьевна Бурло; born 29 May 1988 in Minsk) is a Belarusian group rhythmic gymnast. She represented her nation at international competitions.
She participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event finishing 4th in the final after finishing 6th in the qualification.
She competed at world championships, including at the 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
References
External links
http://burlogymnastics.com/rhythmic-gymnastics-coaches/jenya-burlo-head-coach/
1988 births
Living people
Belarusian rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts from Minsk
Olympic gymnasts of Belarus
Gymnasts at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Bruce Herbelin-Earle (born 7 July 1998) is an English-French actor and model, known for portraying the role of Marcus Greenbridge on the Netflix drama series Free Rein (2017–2020). He is signed to IMG Models.
Career
At the age of sixteen, Herbelin-Earle began looking at online casting calls, and auditioned for a role in the Disney Channel series The Lodge. Despite not getting the role, he was put into contact with an agent. Herbelin-Earle then auditioned for the role of Marcus Greenbridge in the Netflix drama series Free Rein, and as part of the process, he had to ride a horse, which he described as "terrifying". Talking about the audition to Wonderland, he stated that he had "no idea" about horse-riding, and that the other person auditioning for the role was "terrific" at it. He was told the day afterwards that he had gotten the role, which he portrayed until 2019. In 2018, Herbelin-Earle starred in and was the executive producer of a short film titled Wretched Things. Speaking about the decision to become the executive producer of the project, he said that he "wanted to more to be more involved with the project in an off-screen capacity", and that it "made it more like a collaborative project rather than me just coming in, doing my bit, and heading home". Later that year, he portrayed the role of Harry in the feature film 2: Hrs. Although he initially auditioned for the lead role, he stated that appreciated getting a role in the film regardless. Also in 2018, he appeared in an episode of the BBC medical drama series Casualty. In 2019, he starred in the Channel 5 miniseries 15 Days as Josh, alongside Free Rein co-star Freddy Carter. He described 15 Days as "great to film", and noted the "very different vibe" to Free Rein. In 2020, he is set to star in an episode of the Amazon Prime programme A Series of Light, which he cowrote.
Filmography
References
External links
1998 births
English male television actors
English male film actors
English male models
French male television actors
French male film actors
French male models
Living people
People from East Grinstead
Kabiru Muhammad Gwangwazo is an activist, journalist and a Nigerian politician from Kano state, Nigeria
Early life
Kabiru Muhammad was born on 13 April 1959 at Kachako of Takai Local Government Area of Kano State the first male son, and third child, of late Hajiya Goggo Hauwa (died. 4 August 2006) and his late father Malam Muhammadu Misau (died. 10 October 2002) an Islamic Scholar had been posted as Sanitary Inspector by the Kano Native Authority after he had trained at School of Hygiene, Kano. The family left Kano city, for Kachako in the late 1950s. They returned to Kano City after Kabiru was born in 1959; and moved to Gwangwazo quarters of Kano Municipal Local Government Area of Kano State where he grow-up
Education
Gwangwazo hold a master in Journalism from University of Wales, Cardiff
Politics
Gwangwazo was the running of Salihu Sagir Takai of People's Redemption Party in the 2019 Nigerian general election after he step down for Salihu Sagir Takai in 2018. he was the Nominee of Social Democratic Party SDP 2015 Nigerian general election where he loosed to incumbent Governor of Kano State Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, in 2010 after the creation of Buhari's Party Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) he also contests for Governor where he step down for General Lawal Jafar Isa before the primary election He also contested for Governorship in 2003 along with Senator Muhammad Bello, Late Engineer Magaji Abdullahi, Malam Ibrahim Shekarau, Ibrahim Al-Amin Little on 5 March 2003 he became the Acting chairman All Nigeria Peoples Party ANPP Caretaker Committee being that the chairman of the Party Ibrahim Al-Amin Little decided to contest for Governor of Kano State in 2002 but violate the constitution by asking his campaign Director Abdullahi Abbas to act as the Chairman of the Party other contestants wrote a petition to party National chairman Caretaker Committee of the Party Attahir Bafarawa where the elder nominated Ibrahim Shakarau as the flag bearer and Magaji Abdullahi as running mate in 2003 Nigerian General Election where Ibrahim Shekarau emerge the Governor of Kano state while Kabiru Gwangwazo was the Acting chairman of the Party and he was succeeded by Senator Muhammad Bello in 2004
Gwangwazo was elected Chairman of Kano Municipal Local Government Area of Kano State with his running mate Kyauta Adamu on zero party bases, under the Military Administration of Colonel Dominic Oneya while General Sani Abacha was the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria after dissolution of all the political parties by Abacha in 1993 during the 1996 Local Government Election in Nigeria the representatives of the candidates stand while the voters queued behind the representative of the candidate of their choice and the electoral office counted, recorded and determined the winner thereafter, that is how Gwangwazo emerged as the Chairman of Kano Municipal in 1996.
Journalism
Gwangwazo started his career as journalist in the 1981 at Radio Kano, between 1982 and 1985 he worked with City Television (CTV) now Abubakar Rimi Television (ARTV) and he also worked with BBC Hausa Section.
Gwangwazo also worked with Kano State Newspaper Company Triumph (Nigeria) between 1985 and 1993, after he left Triumph, he established his owned newspaper Company called Pyramid, in 2016 he started publishing pyramid news online. in 2011 Governor Rabiu Kwankwaso appointed him as the managing director/Editor Triumph (Nigeria) Newspaper Company.
Being Activist and Journalist many dailies gave a space for his Column news as an on paper and online
References
1959 births
Living people
Politicians from Kano
People from Kano State
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Candidates in the 2015 Nigerian general election
The Classic FM Hall of Fame is an annual compilation of the most popular 300 classical works as polled by listeners of Classic FM through a public vote. With more than 200,000 voters, each choosing their three favourites in order of preference, Classic FM claim their Hall of Fame is the world's most comprehensive poll of classical music tastes.
The chart countdown is traditionally broadcast over the Easter weekend, extended by public holidays in the UK, since the event began in 1996.
The compilation is notable for featuring a wide variety of classical works. Pieces by composers such as Elgar and Beethoven feature alongside works by contemporary composers such as Karl Jenkins and Ludovico Einaudi. Movie soundtracks by John Williams, John Barry and Ennio Morricone are also regular features of the chart. And, for the first time in 2012, the chart featured two original works from video game soundtracks.
In 2015, 12 pieces of music from video game soundtracks were voted into Classic FM's top 300 charts.
Current top twenty
The current top twenty was revealed on 18 April 2022.
1. Ralph Vaughan Williams – The Lark Ascending
2. Sergei Rachmaninoff – Piano Concerto No. 2
3. Ralph Vaughan Williams – Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis
4. Debbie Wiseman – The Glorious Garden
5. Edward Elgar – Enigma Variations
6. Gustav Holst – The Planets
7. Ludwig van Beethoven – Piano Concerto No. 5 ('Emperor')
8. Antonio Vivaldi – The Four Seasons
9. Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphony No. 9 ('Choral')
10. John Williams – Schindler's List
11. Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphony No. 6 ('Pastoral')
12. Antonin Dvořák – New World Symphony
13. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – Requiem
14. Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky – 1812 Overture
15. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – Clarinet Concerto
16. Edward Elgar – Cello Concerto
17. Karl Jenkins – The Armed Man
18. Jean Sibelius – Finlandia
19. Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphony No. 7
20. George Gershwin – Rhapsody in Blue
Previous top three
Source
Criticism and controversy
The Hall of Fame reflects voter preferences, rather than public purchases of recordings, so there has been a lack of variation at the top of the chart. The pieces that make up the top ten have changed very little since the chart began. Only five different pieces have ever held the number one position.
2013 provided the most controversial Hall of Fame to date as a result of an organised voting campaign concerning video game soundtracks by UK based games promoter Mark Robins. Several video game soundtracks were voted into the 2013 Hall of Fame, with the highest being Nobuo Uematsu's music for Final Fantasy at number three. This led to more than 200,000 votes being cast, the highest in the chart's history. John Suchet stated that he was "delighted that we've attracted so many votes for our chart" and that what he finds "truly exciting is the continued increase in a younger audience for classical music - I didn't expect to be thanking the video game industry for introducing the genre to a new generation of people, but it's wonderful."
References
External links
The 2021 Hall of Fame
The 2020 Hall of Fame
British record charts
Classical music in the United Kingdom
Halls of fame in the United Kingdom
Music halls of fame
1996 establishments in the United Kingdom
Recurring events established in 1996
Annual events in the United Kingdom
Classic FM (UK)
The 2013–14 season will be Episkopi 1st season in Football League.
They will also compete in the Greek Cup.
The club has made 11 appearances in the Delta Ethniki, where they have been playing continuously since 2003. In 2012, they were promoted to Football League 2 for the first time in their history as champions of Delta Ethniki's 10th Group.
Players
Current squad
Source=Episkopi FC Homepage
Pre-season and friendlies
Football League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Greek Football Cup
First Round
Statistics
Goal scorers
Source=Soccerway
Last updated: 26 October 2013
Disciplinary Record
Last Updated: 13 November 2013
References
Episkopi F.C. seasons
Episkopi
The 2011 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship for Women Division C was the 7th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U16 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-16 basketball championship. It was played in Andorra la Vella, Andorra, from 25 to 30 July 2011. Andorra women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Group A
Group B
Playoffs
Final standings
References
2011
2011–12 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
Sports competitions in Andorra la Vella
FIBA
2009 Kawasaki Frontale season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kawasaki Frontale
Kawasaki Frontale seasons
Mary Esther Rice (August 3, 1926 – April 29, 2021) was an American invertebrate zoologist specializing in systematics, evolution and the development of marine invertebrates. She worked at the Smithsonian Institution as a curator, educator, research advisor, and administrator from 1966 until her retirement in 2002. She is known for her work on the life histories of Sipuncula, as well as for serving as the first director of the Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce.
Biography and education
Mary E. Rice was born in Washington, D.C. on August 3, 1926 to Daniel Gibbons Rice and Florence Catherine Pyles Rice. She grew up on a farm in southern Maryland and attended school in Oxon Hill.
In 1947, Rice graduated from Drew University in Madison, New Jersey with an A.B. in Biology. She first attended graduate school at Oberlin College in Ohio, earning an M.A. in Zoology in 1949. Rice then returned to New Jersey to teach Biology at Drew.
In 1950, Rice began working as a research associate at Columbia University's Department of Radiology. She left Columbia in 1953 to accept an appointment as a general physiologist at the National Institutes of Health's National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases. In 1955, she advanced to the position of biologist at the National Cancer Institute.
Rice decided in 1961 to pursue a PhD in Zoology at the University of Washington, Seattle, studying the development and phylogeny of sipunculan worms.
Upon completion of her PhD in 1966, Rice was appointed Curator and Research Zoologist in the National Museum of Natural History's Department of Invertebrate Zoology. In charge of curating the sipunculan and echiuran collections, Rice devoted her career to the study of Sipuncula, focusing her research on their evolution and development.
In 1981, Rice became Director of the Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce, Florida. When she retired in 2002 after thirty-six years at the Smithsonian Institution, Rice was named Senior Research Scientist Emeritus at the Smithsonian Marine Station. She continued researching sipunculan worms in her retirement.
Administrative career
As the founding director of the Smithsonian Institution Marine Station at Link Port, Mary E. Rice guided its growth into a major research center by developing research laboratories and programs and securing support for research fellowships. In 1999, the facility was moved to an eight-acre campus at Seaway Drive. The expanded facility was renamed the Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce.
Educational career
Over the course of her career, Mary E. Rice was affiliated with several universities. She has served as an Adjunct Associate Professor at the University of Miami (1968–74) and the George Washington University (1970–75). She was also an Affiliate Professor of Biology at George Mason University (1994-2000) and a member of the Graduate Faculty at the Florida Institute of Technology (1996-2000). Rice has mentored many students, including those developing the Evo-Devo approach, and has advised over thirty postdoctoral fellows and eight short-term graduate fellows. She has served as a committee member for thirteen doctoral candidates.
Rice was also responsible for the creation of the Smithsonian Marine Ecosystem Exhibit. Working with nearby officials, she developed the St. Lucie County Marine Center, a county-run facility where the exhibit is housed. Located opposite the Smithsonian Marine Station, the focal point of the exhibit is an enormous 3,300-gallon coral reef aquarium that was previously displayed at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington.
Publications
Rice's first publication, “The influence of glycolytic factors on the potassium and sodium content of Saccaromyces cerevisiae,” was co-written in 1951 with G. T. Scott and M. A. Jacobson. It concerned the physiological effects of sodium on yeast.
Rice's first sipunculan paper appeared in 1967, and was entitled, “A comparative study of the development of Phascolosoma agassizii, Golfingia pligettensis, and Themiste pyroides with a discussion of developmental patterns in the Sipuncula,”.
Rice has written or co-written over eighty papers in total, most on the classification, development and evolution of the genus Sipuncula.
Honors and awards
Rice has served as President of the American Society of Zoologists and the American Microscopical Society. She was also an elected fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 2019 she was awarded the A.O. Kovalevsky Medal for extraordinary achievements in evolutionary developmental biology and comparative zoology by the St. Petersburg Society of Naturalists.
References
External links
"Celebrating 100 Years: Mary Rice and the Creation of the Smithsonian Marine Station." Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History.
National Museum of Natural History, Division of Worms Correspondence, 1965-1972. Smithsonian Institution Archives. Accession 10-048.
"Mary E. Rice: Research Zoologist, Emeritus." Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce.
1926 births
2021 deaths
21st-century American zoologists
Women zoologists
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Drew University alumni
Oberlin College alumni
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American women writers
Smithsonian Institution people
21st-century American women
People from Washington, D.C.
Jerry Lee Eaves (born February 8, 1959) is an American head college basketball coach and athletic director at Simmons College of Kentucky in Louisville. He is the former head men's basketball coach at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. Prior to the start of his coaching career, Eaves played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for parts of four seasons.
Born and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, Eaves played at Ballard High School and the University of Louisville. He played professionally for the Utah Jazz, Atlanta Hawks and Sacramento Kings. Eaves competed on The Amazing Race 32 with his son Frank, which aired in 2020, and were placed ninth and being the third team eliminated.
References
External links
NBA career statistics
1959 births
Living people
African-American basketball coaches
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Ballard High School (Louisville, Kentucky) alumni
Basketball coaches from Kentucky
Basketball players from Louisville, Kentucky
Charlotte Hornets assistant coaches
Cincinnati Slammers players
Cleveland Cavaliers assistant coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Howard Bison men's basketball coaches
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball coaches
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
New Jersey Nets assistant coaches
North Carolina A&T Aggies men's basketball coaches
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Sacramento Kings players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Louisville, Kentucky
Utah Jazz draft picks
Utah Jazz players
The Amazing Race contestants
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
Alaska Aces (PBA) players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Damir Pekič (born 15 January 1979) is a former Slovenian football player who played as a forward
Club career
Pekič started his senior career in Maribor. Before he was given a real chance in the club he was sent to Celje on loan for a season. There he was the best scorer of the 2000–01 Slovenian PrvaLiga season as he scored 23 goals in 29 games.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Maribor
Slovenian footballers
Association football forwards
NK Železničar Maribor players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian Second League players
NK Maribor players
NK Celje players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
C.S. Marítimo players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Zalaegerszegi TE players
NK Nafta Lendava players
NK Domžale players
Slovenia youth international footballers
Slovenia under-21 international footballers
The World Racquetball Championships is the top international racquetball competition organized by the International Racquetball Federation (IRF).
History
The first event was held in 1981 as part of the 1981 World Games. The second World Championships were in 1984, and they have been a biannual event since then with the exception of the COVID-19 pandemic period, which delayed the 2020 event by one year.
Worlds have been held in 13 countries across four continents: North and South America as well as Asia and Europe. The United States has hosted World's most often - 4 times, though not since 1996, followed by Mexico, 3 times, and twice each in Canada, the Dominican Republic, and South Korea.
The 2022 World Championships were held in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, which was the first time Worlds was in Mexico since 2000, when it was also held in San Luis Potosi. The 2022 Worlds introduced Mixed Doubles for the first time, and re-introduced the Team Competition (best of three matches: two singles & one doubles), which was held at Worlds until 2012, after which the team winners were determined by the points earned in the individual competitions.
Also, the 2022 World Championships used the best of five games match format with each game to 11 points, win by 2, with rally scoring, as used in other sports like squash and volleyball. Rally scoring - the winner of every rally scores a point - was introduced at Worlds in 2021. Previously, racquetball games used side-out scoring, where players scored points only when they had won a rally which began with that player serving. Rallies won when not serving were simply side-outs: the rally losing player lost the serve and the rally winning player won the opportunity to serve, but did not win a point.
Editions and team results
Winners
Multiple world champions
World champions by country
References
External links
World championships - IRF - Team Standings
World championships - IRF - Individual Standings
Racquetball competitions
Racquetball
The 1968 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The Quality of Mercy Is Not Strnen is the debut album by the Mekons, released in 1979.
Music and lyrics
The music of the Mekons' debut is aggressively primitive. Most of the songs are built on one or two chords, and each is "propelled by Jon Langford's herky-jerky, somewhat arrhythmic drumming".
Many lyrics are political and, like those of their friends in Gang of Four, far left, but with "a more literary approach".
Album name
The album's name and cover are an allusion to the infinite monkey theorem, that states that a monkey hitting random keys on a typewriter will eventually type a text such as the works of William Shakespeare. The title almost, but not quite, reproduces the line "The quality of mercy is not strained," spoken by Portia in The Merchant of Venice.
Reception
Trouser Press wrote that the album "suffers from the screamed vocals, which obscure both the music and the left-wing lyrics: minimalism is one thing, but rank amateurism another."
Track listing
All tracks composed by The Mekons
Side A
"Like Spoons No More" (2:05)
"Join Us in the Countryside" (2:05)
"Rosanne" (2:34)
"Trevira Trousers" (4:05)
"After 6" (4:53)
"What Are We Going To Do Tonight" (1:48)
Side B
"What" (2:08)
"Watch the Film" (3:18)
"Beetroot" (4:12)
"I Saw You Dance" (2:17)
"Lonely and Wet" (5:03)
"Dan Dare" (2:32)
A CD reissue in 1990 included six more tracks, drawn from singles released in 1979 and 1980:
"Teeth" (3:27)
"Guardian" (4:15)
"Kill" (4:40)
"Stay Cool" (4:02)
"Work All Week" (3:16)
"Unknown Wrecks" (3:14)
References
External links
1979 debut albums
The Mekons albums
Virgin Records albums
Earl Dwire (October 3, 1883 – January 16, 1940), born Earl Dean Dwire, was an American character actor who appeared in more than 150 movies between 1921 and his death in 1940.
Dwire acted for three years in stock theater with companies in Portland and Seattle. In December 1912, he joined the American Theater company in Spokane, Washington, and shortly after was named the company's manager when the previous manager resigned. In 1921, he acted with, and was the director of, the Wright Players.
Noted for his almost frightening long face, Dwire worked mainly as a villain in westerns, including Riders of Destiny (1933) with John Wayne in the first singing cowboy movie and The Trail Beyond (1934) opposite Wayne, Noah Beery, Sr., and Noah Beery, Jr. He enjoys a particularly large showcase opposite John Wayne and Gabby Hayes in The Lawless Frontier (1934). He also appeared in Bob Steele vehicles such as Alias John Law (1935).
Selected filmography
The Kingfisher's Roost (1921) - Dave Butler (the Grocer)
Dugan of the Badlands (1931) - Lang
Alias – the Bad Man (1931) - Townsman (uncredited)
The Montana Kid (1931) - Deputy (uncredited)
Oklahoma Jim (1931) - Cavalry Sergeant
Ghost City (1932) - Barfly (uncredited)
Law of the West (1932) - Henchman Butch
Tangled Fortunes (1932) - Townsman (uncredited)
Riders of the Desert (1932) - Bill - A Ranger (uncredited)
The Man from Hell's Edges (1932) - Morgan - Henchman
Mason of the Mounted (1932) - Henchman Dwire (uncredited)
Law of the North (1932) - Deputy (uncredited)
Honor of the Mounted (1932) - Deputy (uncredited)
Son of Oklahoma (1932) - Ray Brent
Klondike (1932) - Jury Foreman (uncredited)
Broadway to Cheyenne (1932) - Cattleman
Hidden Valley (1932) - Prosecuting Attorney (uncredited)
Texas Buddies (1932) - Hank, the Liveryman (uncredited)
Young Blood (1932) - Clearwater Station Agent (uncredited)
King Kong (1933) - New York Theatregoer (uncredited)
The Fugitive (1933) - Henchman Spike
Rainbow Ranch (1933) - Earl - Deputy (uncredited)
Galloping Romeo (1933) - Pete Manning - Express Agent
Her Forgotten Past (1933) - Henchman (uncredited)
Riders of Destiny (1933) - Slip Morgan
The Lucky Texan (1934) - Sheriff Miller
West of the Divide (1934) - Sheriff
Blue Steel (1934) - Henchman
The Man from Utah (1934) - Rodeo Announcer (uncredited)
Randy Rides Alone (1934) - Sheriff
Young Eagles (1934, Serial) - William Thayer [Ch. 3] (uncredited)
The Star Packer (1934) - Henchman Mason
The Tonto Kid (1934) - Deputy George (uncredited)
Fighting Through (1934) - Barfly (uncredited)
The Dude Ranger (1934) - Train Passenger (uncredited)
The Trail Beyond (1934) - Henchman Benoit
The Lawless Frontier (1934) - Pandro Zanti Posing as Don Yorba
'Neath the Arizona Skies (1934) - Tom (Nina's Father) (uncredited)
Western Justice (1934) - Doctor (uncredited)
Unconquered Bandit (1935) - Pedro Gonzales
Wolf Riders (1935) - Red Wolf
Big Calibre (1935) - Sheriff of Gladstone
Born to Battle (1935) - George Powell
The Pecos Kid (1935) - Jose
Smokey Smith (1935) - Sheriff
Wagon Trail (1935) - Deputy Joe Larkin
The Miracle Rider (1935) - Indian Scout - Prologue (uncredited)
Tombstone Terror (1935) - Regan
Social Error (1935) - Mr. Merton
Toll of the Desert (1935) - Joe Carson
Fighting Pioneers (1935) - Sergeant Luke
The New Adventures of Tarzan (1935, Serial) - Expatriate Scientist [Chs. 8-10] (uncredited)
Justice of the Range (1935) - Townsman (uncredited)
Saddle Aces (1935) - Sloan aka El Canejo
The Dawn Rider (1935) - Pete (Expressman)
Danger Ahead (1935) - Detective Sergeant
Paradise Canyon (1935) - Sheriff #2 - Arizona (uncredited)
Sundown Saunders (1935) - Sheriff Baker
Westward Ho (1935) - Townsman Notifying Vigilantes (uncredited)
No Man's Range (1935) - Phony Ed Oliver
Cappy Ricks Returns (1935) - Spy in Office (uncredited)
Confidential (1935) - Secretary (uncredited)
The Rider of the Law (1935) - Razor Tolliver
The New Frontier (1935) - Pat Miller (uncredited)
Between Men (1935) - Trent
Lawless Range (1935) - Emmett
Alias John Law (1935) - The Kootney Kid
The Last of the Clintons (1935) - Pete - Henchman
The Courageous Avenger (1935) - Prisoner
The Fighting Coward (1935) - Police Chief John Russell
Step on It (1936) - Frank Banning
The Kid Ranger (1936) - Steve Brent
Ghost Town (1936) - Jim McCall
Ridin' On (1936) - Buck O'Nell
King of the Pecos (1936) - Rancher (uncredited)
Wildcat Saunders (1936) - Steve - Henchman (uncredited)
King of the Pecos (1936) - Rancher (uncredited)
The Millionaire Kid (1936) - Black
Caryl of the Mountains (1936) - Captain Bradshaw
Desert Justice (1936) - Hansen - Police Commissioner
Roamin' Wild (1936) - Jim Madison
The Speed Reporter (1936) - Publisher John Parker
Pinto Rustlers (1936) - Bud Walton
Gun Grit (1936) - Uncle Joe Hess
The Rogues' Tavern (1936) - Morgan
The Crooked Trail (1936) - Miner (uncredited)
Idaho Kid (1936) - Clint Hollister
Santa Fe Bound (1936) - Tibbets
Oh, Susanna! (1936) - Excited Sage City Townsman (uncredited)
Tundra (1936) - Trading Post Keeper
Cavalcade of the West (1936) - George Christman
Cavalry (1936) - Raid Leader (uncredited)
Law and Lead (1936) - Dad Hawley
The Gun Ranger (1936) - Bud Cooper
Song of the Gringo (1936) - The Chief (uncredited)
Career Woman (1936) - Townsman (uncredited)
Stormy Trails (1936) - Lawyer Steve Barick
Arizona Days (1937) - Joe Workman
The Great O'Malley (1937) - First Judge (uncredited)
The Gambling Terror (1937) - Homer Bradley
Two Wise Maids (1937) - Minor Role (uncredited)
Paradise Express (1937) - Townsman in Café (uncredited)
Trouble in Texas (1937) - Barker
Git Along Little Dogies (1937) - Townsman (uncredited)
Lightnin' Crandall (1937) - Parson Durkin
The Man Who Found Himself (1937) - Joe, the Train Dispatcher (uncredited)
Hittin' the Trail (1937) - James Clark
The Trusted Outlaw (1937) - Jim Swain
Fly-Away Baby (1937) - Globe Chop House Waiter (uncredited)
Riders of the Rockies (1937) - Jeff Jeffries
Doomed at Sundown (1937) - Butch Brawley
Galloping Dynamite (1937) - Pop
Empty Holsters (1937) - Doc Eagan
Riders of the Dawn (1937) - Two-Gun Gardner
They Won't Forget (1937) - Jury Foreman (uncredited)
The Toast of New York (1937) - Member of the Board of Directors (uncredited)
The Mystery of the Hooded Horsemen (1937) - Sheriff Walker
Atlantic Flight (1937) - Dr. Harvey (uncredited)
Varsity Show (1937) - Professor (uncredited)
Radio Patrol (1937, Serial) - Jeremiah Crockett
Alcatraz Island (1937) - Third Trial Judge Robert Tremaine (uncredited)
Trouble at Midnight (1937) - Henry Goff
Danger Valley (1937) - Hardrock
Born to the West (1937) - Cowhand (uncredited)
Young Dynamite (1937) - Finnegan
Romance of the Rockies (1937) - Henchman Trigger
The Purple Vigilantes (1938) - David Ross
The Old Barn Dance (1938) - Clem Handley
Daredevil Drivers (1938) - Mr. Perkins
Assassin of Youth (1938) - Henry 'Pop' Brady
Accidents Will Happen (1938) - Dr. Faris
Outlaws of Sonora (1938) - Jake, the Banker (uncredited)
Under Western Stars (1938) - Mayor Biggs
Two Gun Justice (1938) - Old-Timer
Six Shootin' Sheriff (1938) - Wild Bill Holman
The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok (1938, Serial) - Jenkins (Ch. 1) (uncredited)
Gold Mine in the Sky (1938) - Station Agent (uncredited)
The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse (1938) - Surgeon (uncredited)
The Man from Music Mountain (1938) - Martin
The Mysterious Rider (1938) - Sheriff Burley
Six-Gun Trail (1938) - Henchman, stock footage (uncredited)
Angels with Dirty Faces (1938) - Priest (uncredited)
Devil's Island (1939) - Priest (uncredited)
Lincoln in the White House (1939, Short) - (uncredited)
The Oklahoma Kid (1939) - Relay Station Man (uncredited)
Southward Ho (1939) - Dan - Wounded Storekeeper (uncredited)
On Trial (1939) - Judge
Timber Stampede (1939) - Henry Clay Baylor
The Star Maker (1939) - Mac, the Accountant
The Arizona Kid (1939) - Dr. Jason Radford
Pride of the Blue Grass (1939) - Dr. Holmes (uncredited)
Private Detective (1939) - Justice of the Peace (scenes deleted)
His Girl Friday (1940) - Pete Davis (uncredited)
Granny Get Your Gun (1940) - Jake - Checkers Player (uncredited)
Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe (1940, Serial) - Janda [Ch. 1]
King of the Lumberjacks (1940) - Dr. Vance (final film role)
References
External links
1883 births
1940 deaths
American male film actors
Male actors from Illinois
Male Western (genre) film actors
20th-century American male actors
RKO Pictures contract players
American male stage actors
Adam Neill (born 29 May 1990) is a British rower.
Rowing career
Neill made his Great Britain junior debut in 2008 and senior debut in 2017. He won the Ladies Plate at the Henley Royal Regatta in 2016 and is twice the indoor national champion. He won a bronze medal at the 2018 World Rowing Championships in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as part of the coxless four with Thomas Ford, Jacob Dawson and James Johnston.
References
Living people
1990 births
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Old Federal Reserve Bank may refer to:
Old Federal Reserve Bank Building (Philadelphia)
Old Federal Reserve Bank Building (San Francisco)
Patrick Stirling may refer to:
Patrick Stirling (railway engineer), Scottish railway engineer
Patrick Stirling (footballer),Scottish footballer
Patrick James Stirling, Scottish lawyer and author
The prevention of dementia involves reducing the number of risk factors for the development of dementia, and is a global health priority needing a global response. Initiatives include the establishment of the International Research Network on Dementia Prevention (IRNDP) which aims to link researchers in this field globally, and the establishment of the Global Dementia Observatory a web-based data knowledge and exchange platform, which will collate and disseminate key dementia data from members states. Although there is no cure for dementia, it is well established that modifiable risk factors influence both the likelihood of developing dementia and the age at which it is developed. Dementia can be prevented by reducing the risk factors for vascular disease such as diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, smoking, physical inactivity and depression. A study concluded that more than a third of dementia cases are theoretically preventable. Among older adults both an unfavorable lifestyle and high genetic risk are independently associated with higher dementia risk. A favorable lifestyle is associated with a lower dementia risk, regardless of genetic risk. In 2020, a study identified 12 modifiable lifestyle factors, and the early treatment of acquired hearing loss was estimated as the most significant of these factors, potentially preventing up to 9% of dementia cases.
Lifestyle
Mental activity
"Use it or lose it" might be applied to the brain when it comes to dementia. Intellectual activities help keep the mind in shape in later years. Activities such as reading, learning a new language, playing cards and board games and playing a musical instrument can postpone the onset and slow the progression of both Alzheimer's and vascular dementia. The risk decrease is proportional to frequency of activity, with slower cognitive decline being associated with both late-life and early-life increased cognitive activity.
Apart from spare time activities, a mentally demanding job may prevent dementia, especially during the thirties, forties and fifties.
Mental activity may help to prevent dementia by building up a "brain reserve": additional connections between neurons are created which are more resistant to the deterioration seen in dementia.
Physical activity
Since vascular dementia is the second most common form of dementia (after Alzheimer's disease), reducing the risk of cerebrovascular disease also reduces the risk of dementia. Thus, physical exercise, having good blood cholesterol, healthy body weight and blood pressure lowers the risk of developing dementia. An active lifestyle can almost halve the risk compared to a sedentary one.
Results of one meta-analysis, which investigated the relationship between physical activity and risk of cognitive decline in people without dementia, showed exercise had a significant and consistent protective effect against cognitive decline, with high levels of physical activity being most protective. Another meta-analysis showed that not only did aerobic exercise reduce the risk of dementia but it may also slow cognitive decline in those with dementia.
The effect of physical activity is not limited to vascular effects. Physical activity can give rise to new neurons in the brain, as well as releasing a substance that can protect them. The protein known as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is known to be important in the development, survival and plasticity of neurons. Regular exercise can boost BDNF levels by 2–3 times.
Diet
Obesity increases the risk of any dementia and Alzheimer's disease in particular. The effect of alcohol on the risk of dementia is a J curve: high alcohol consumption increases the risk of dementia while low alcohol consumption may be protective. However, low alcohol consumption may not protect against vascular dementia and overall cognitive decline. Moderate alcohol consumption can possibly reduce the risk of vascular disease and dementia because it can increase blood levels of HDL cholesterol and weakens blood-clotting agents such as fibrinogen, which offers some protection against heart attacks and small subclinical strokes that together can ultimately damage the brain.
The effects of omega-3 fatty acid in the prevention of dementia is uncertain. Vegetables and nuts may be of benefit, because of their high content of polyunsaturated fats. Non-fish meat, on the other hand, increases the risk of Alzheimer's, because of its high content of saturated fat.
Niacin (vitamin B3) is also believed to prevent dementia as research shows those who have the highest levels of niacin in their blood, are believed to have the lowest risk of developing dementia or having cognitive decline. Niacin is involved with DNA synthesis and repair and also neural cell signaling, it improves circulation and reduces cholesterol levels. In order for niacin to have a positive effect on the brain, it is recommended that patients have 100 to 300 mg per day.
There is evidence for an association between cognitive decline, homocysteine (Hcy) status, and vitamin B status relating especially to B12 and also to vitamins B6 and B9. In particular, deficiency of vitamin B12 and/or of folate can cause an increase in Hcy plasma levels, which in turn leads to toxic effects on the vascular and nervous systems.
Vitamin D deficiency correlates with cognitive impairment and dementia; however, the value of vitamin D substitution in cognitive impairment remains doubtful.
Sleep pattern
More than nine hours of sleep per day (including daytime napping) may be associated with an increased risk of dementia. Lack of sleep may also increase risk of dementia by increasing beta-amyloid deposition.
Personality and mental health
Some personality traits such as being neurotic increases the risk of developing Alzheimer's, a type of dementia. Neuroticism is associated with increased brain atrophy and cognitive impairment in life, while conscientiousness has a protective effect by preventing brain atrophy. A meta-analysis found that the openness and agreeableness traits have also some protective effects.
Based on the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing (ELSA), research found that loneliness increased the risk of dementia by one-third. Not having a partner (being single, divorced, or widowed) doubled the risk of dementia. However, having two or three closer relationships reduced the risk by three-fifths.
Depression
Depressive symptoms can be a part of the clinical presentation of dementia, leading to debate as to whether depression is a cause or a symptom of dementia. The evidence remains unclear. However, Livingstone et al. (2014) report that it is "biologically plausible" that depression increases the risk of dementia. There is some evidence that late-life depression increases the risk of dementia however suggesting treating depression in mid-life might delay or prevent dementia.
Medication
Hypertension
Some studies say Alzheimer's and other dementias may be caused by high blood pressure, since it can cause blood vessel damage through constriction. The etiology of vascular dementia includes hypertension, and thus, lowering blood pressure with antihypertensives may have a positive effect in the prevention of dementia, just as physical activity.
However, one study failed to demonstrate a link between high blood pressure and developing dementia. The study, published in the Lancet Neurology journal of July 2008, found that blood pressure lowering medication did not reduce the incidence of dementia to a statistically significant degree. A prospective meta-analysis of the data from this study with other studies suggested that further research might be warranted.
While the results of studies are somewhat inconsistent, it has been recommended that hypertension in mid-life (45–65 years) and older age (65+ years) should be actively treated to reduce the risk of dementia.
Anti-diabetic drugs
Diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for vascular dementia, and is thus the risk is lowered with anti-diabetic drugs.
Besides, Rosiglitazone (Avandia) improves memory and thinking ability for people with mild Alzheimer's disease. The mechanism of the effect may be the ability of the drug to reduce insulin resistance. Thus, less insulin needs to be released to achieve its metabolic effects. Insulin in the bloodstream is a trigger of amyloid beta-production, so decreased insulin levels decrease the level of amyloid beta. This leads to less formation of amyloid plaques seen in Alzheimer's disease.
Steroid hormones
Estrogen may also help in the prevention of dementia but cannot help when dementia is already present and when cognitive function is already impaired. It increases cerebral blood flow and is an anti-inflammatory agent, enhancing activity at the neuronal synapses in the brain. It may also help to increase brain activation in regions that are affected by dementia which is mainly the hippocampus region. Recent evidence on the effects of estrogen do not allow for an unambiguous recommendation for estrogen supplementation and they indicate that the timing of estrogen supplementation may be important, with early postmenopausal use being preferable over its use later in life.
NSAIDs
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) can decrease the risk of developing Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. The length of time needed to prevent dementia varies, but in most studies it is usually between 2 and 10 years. Research has also shown that it must be used in clinically relevant dosages and that so-called "baby aspirin" doses are ineffective at treating dementia.
Alzheimer's disease causes inflammation in the neurons by its deposits of amyloid beta peptides and neurofibrillary tangles. These deposits irritate the body by causing a release of e.g. cytokines and acute phase proteins, leading to inflammation. When these substances accumulate over years they contribute to the effects of Alzheimer's. NSAIDs inhibit the formation of such inflammatory substances, and prevent the deteriorating effects.
In 2020 a systematic review conducted by Cochrane of four randomized controlled trials with 23,187 participants concluded that the use of low-dose aspirin and NSAIDS of any type for the prevention of dementia was not supported and that there could be harm.
Vaccine
There is as yet no vaccine against dementia. It has been theorized that a vaccine could activate the body's own immune system to combat the beta amyloid plaques in Alzheimer's disease. One problem to overcome is overreaction from the immune system, leading to encephalitis.
See also
Alzheimer's disease
Prevention of chronic traumatic encephalopathy
Prevention of concussions
Prevention of traumatic brain injury
Preventive medicine
Alcohol dementia
References
Cognitive disorders
Prevention
Neurology
Neuropsychology
Dementia
Mišići may refer to:
Mišići (Bar Municipality), Montenegro
"Mišići" (song), by Slovenian singer-songwriter Senidah
Mišići, a village in Milići, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Julià Reig Ribó (5 December 1911 – 2 January 1996) was the general councillor for the Valles de Andorra from 1948 to 1949 and general syndic from 1960 to 1966 and from 1972 to 1978. During this period as the leader in Andorran politics, he undertook a series of measures to modernise the structure of the country, founded the Andorran Social Security Office (1966) and opened up Andorra to the outside world. He died on 2 January 1996 at the age of 84.
References
1911 births
1996 deaths
General Syndics of the General Council (Andorra)
Members of the General Council (Andorra)
Tum Kitem Kortolo Aslo? () is a 2010 Indian Konkani language film written and directed by Sharon Mazarello. The film also features Mazarello in the lead role. The story is about infidelity, from the perspective of the woman. It was produced by Mazarello and her husband, Wilmix Mazarello, under the banner of ShaMaz Films. The film premiered at the Cinescope Metro in Kuwait on 22 October 2010, marking the 60th anniversary of the release of Mogacho Anvddo, the first Konkani film. With this film, Mazarello became the first woman to direct a Konkani movie.
Plot
Shaina (Sharon Mazarello) and Johnny (Pradip Naik) are a newly wed couple. Johnny always goes abroad for long trips, leaving his wife behind. She then bonds with Johnny's good friend Sammy (Franky Gonsalves), and she eventually ends up cheating on Johnny with Sammy.
Cast
Main cast
Sharon Mazarello as Shaina
Pradip Naik as Johnny
Franky Gonsalves as Sammy
Supporting cast
Effie Fernandes
Fermeeno Goes
Humbert Fernandes
Wilson Mazarello
Bobet Fernandes
Claron Mazarello
Eddison Fernandes
Frazeo Fernandes
Jose Mario Fernandes
Remmie Fernandes
Elvis Mascarenhas
Accolades
The film was greatly appreciated at the Colour Of The Nile International Film Festival in Africa, the Addis International Film Festival, Ethiopia, 2011 and the Marbella International Film Festival, Spain, 2011. It was also screened at the 42nd International Film Festival of India. In 2014, on the occasion of Konkani Cinema Day, the film was selected for a special screening by the Dalgado Konknni Akademi.
See also
Paltadacho Munis
Nachom-ia Kumpasar
References
External links
2010 films
Films set in Goa
Films shot in Goa
2010s Konkani-language films
Bakhshi Galandarli (born 20 July 1903, Khankendi, Russian Empire - died 14 September 1985, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR) was an Azerbaijani theatrical figure, actor and director, Honored Art Worker of the Armenian and Azerbaijan SSR.
Life
He graduated from the Baku Theater School, where he studied from 1926 to 1930. From 1930 to 1934 he studied at the Russian State Institute of Performing Arts. From 1934 to 1951 he was the chief director of the Yerevan state Azerbaijan dramatic theater. In 1939 he was awarded the title of Honored Art Worker of the Armenian SSR. From 1964 to 1982, he worked intermittently as a stage director, chief director and chief administrator of the Nakhchivan State Musical Dramatic Theatre. Staged works by Samad Vurgun, Jalil Mammadguluzadeh, Mirza Fatali Akhundov, Najaf bey Vazirov, Suleyman Sani Akhundov, Ilyas Afandiyev, Alexander Shirvanzade, Boris Lavrenyov, Vsevolod Ivanov, Carlo Goldoni, Konstantin Simonov, Alexander Ostrovsky, Uzeyir Hajibeyov, Mammed Said Ordubadi, Said Rustamov.
About the staging of the performance “Mehseti” (1964) by the poetess Kamala Agayeva (dedicated to Mehseti Ganjavi) in the Nakhichevan Theater, theater critic Jafar Jafarov writes:
He died on September 14, 1985, in Nakhchivan and was buried in Erivan.
Awards
Order of the Badge of Honour (twice)
Honored Art Worker of the Armenian SSR (1939)
Honored Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR (1974)
References
1903 births
1985 deaths
People from Stepanakert
Azerbaijani actors
20th-century actors
Soviet actors
Azerbaijani theatre directors
Soviet theatre directors
Gabriele von Bülow (28 May 1802 – 16 April 1887) was a German noblewoman.
Life
The third daughter of Wilhelm von Humboldt and Caroline von Dacheröden, she was born in Berlin. She had seven sisters and spent her early years in Rome at her father's ambassadorial residence, remaining there even after his return to Berlin – in 1809 her portrait was painted in Rome by Gottlieb Schick. In 1810 the children and Caroline moved to Vienna, where Wilhelm acted as ambassador until 1814. The family then moved to Berlin for two years then to Frankfurt am Main.
On 30 October 1816 Gabriele became engaged to her father's secretary Heinrich von Bülow, though the marriage only occurred years later. Gabriele spent two more years in Rome and in 1819 she returned to Berlin. Bülow returned from London in 1820 and they married on 10 January 1821. As a successful diplomat, Bülow spent most of his life in London – he was appointed ambassador in 1827. Gabriele spent 1828 to 1836 in London with her husband, where her portrait was painted by August Grahl in 1831. She also spent long periods back home around the deaths of her parents in 1829 and 1835, especially the several years she spent caring for her father at Schloss Tegel.
Bülow became Prussia's foreign minister in 1842 but died in 1846. Gabriele moved to Potsdam then to Rome, looking after her children and grandchildren. Although she was the last surviving heir of her father, particularly to his estates in Tegel and Burgörner, she lived a very modest life, in contrast to her mother, though still in contact with major figures of her time – for example, she acted as chief lady in waiting to William I's consort Augusta at William's coronation. Her 81st birthday in 1883 was chosen as the occasion for unveiling the two Humboldt monuments in front of the University of Berlin. She was also a patron to the writer and salon-leader Marie von Olfers, whilst the Gabriele von Bülow Oberschule in Berlin was named after her in 1938.
She died in Berlin on 16 April 1887.
Children
She and Heinrich von Bülow had seven children
Gabriele von Bülow (7 January 1822 – 16 February 1854), married Leopold von Loën (1815–1895) on 29 August 1842
Adelheid von Bülow (16 October 1823 – 21 December 1889), died unmarried
Caroline von Bülow (27 February 1826 – 19 November 1887), died unmarried
Therese von Bülow (15 August 1829 – 20 July 1841)
Constanze von Bülow (10 April 1832 – 1920), married Carl von Heinz (1818–1867) on 17 January 1857
Wilhelm von Bülow (12 May 1836 – 6 September 1836)
Bernhard Hans von Bülow (8 June 1838 – 17 October 1889), married Anna Luise Emilie of Byern (1847–1931) on 28 September 1865
Bibliography
Sydow, Anna von (ed.): Gabriele von Bülow. Tochter Wilhelm von Humboldts. Ein Lebensbild aus den Familienpapieren Wilhelm von Humboldts und seiner Kinder 1791 - 1887. Mittler &.Sohn, Berlin 1913.
Antonius Lux (ed.): Große Frauen der Weltgeschichte. 1000 Biographien in Wort und Bild. Sebastian Lux Verlag, München 1963, S. 87.
1802 births
1887 deaths
Gabriele
German ladies-in-waiting
People from Berlin
Clostridium grantii is a Gram-positive, strictly anaerobic, rod-shaped and spore-forming bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from the gut of a mullet.
References
Bacteria described in 1996
grantii
Fabyula Badawi (born 1960) is an Egyptian poet and journalist.
Born in Cairo, Badawi received a bachelor's degree in business administration and a graduate degree in accounting. As of 2008 she was employed by the Saudi newspaper al-Madina as a journalist. Three volumes of her poetry have been published. They are Mahlan ayyuha-l-rajul (Take it Easy, Man, 1989); Qasa'id zami'a (Thirsty Poems, 1990); and al-Washm) (The Tattoo, 1992).
References
1960 births
Living people
Egyptian women poets
20th-century Egyptian poets
20th-century Egyptian women writers
Egyptian women journalists
20th-century journalists
21st-century journalists
21st-century Egyptian women writers
Journalists from Cairo
21st-century Egyptian writers
Tent Rock () is a small nunatak shaped like a ridge tent, lying 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) southwest of Thomas Rock and 7 nautical miles (13 km) west of Ricker Hills in the Prince Albert Mountains, Oates Land. Mapped and descriptively named by the Southern Party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1962–63).
Nunataks of Oates Land
Gaétan Turcotte (10 December 1954 – 20 March 2022) was a Canadian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal at the 1979 Pan American Games.
References
External links
1954 births
2022 deaths
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Quebec City
In mathematics, an integer sequence prime is a prime number found as a member of an integer sequence. For example, the 8th Delannoy number, 265729, is prime. A challenge in empirical mathematics is to identify large prime values in rapidly growing sequences.
A common subclass of integer sequence primes are constant primes, formed by taking a constant real number and considering prefixes of its decimal representation, omitting the decimal point. For example, the first 6 decimal digits of the constant π, approximately 3.14159265, form the prime number 314159, which is therefore known as a pi-prime . Similarly, a constant prime based on Euler's number, e, is called an e-prime.
Other examples of integer sequence primes include:
Cullen prime – a prime that appears in the sequence of Cullen numbers
Factorial prime – a prime that appears in either of the sequences or
Fermat prime – a prime that appears in the sequence of Fermat numbers
Fibonacci prime – a prime that appears in the sequence of Fibonacci numbers.
Lucas prime – a prime that appears in the Lucas numbers.
Mersenne prime – a prime that appears in the sequence of Mersenne numbers
Primorial prime – a prime that appears in either of the sequences or
Pythagorean prime – a prime that appears in the sequence
Woodall prime – a prime that appears in the sequence of Woodall numbers
The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences includes many sequences corresponding to the prime subsequences of well-known sequences, for example A001605 for Fibonacci numbers that are prime.
References
Classes of prime numbers
Integer sequences
The 2019 1. divisjon is the second tier of Norwegian women's football in 2019. The season kicked off on 13 April 2019 and is scheduled to finish on 3 November 2019.
Due to a reduction of teams from 12 to 10 teams in both the first and the second tier, the top placed team will have to play promotion play-offs against the tenth-placed team in Toppserien to win promotion. Four teams are relegated directly to the 2. divisjon. The eighth-placed teams play relegation play-offs against a team from 2. divisjon.
League table
Position by round
Results
Promotion play-offs
The promotion play-offs will this season be contested by the 10th placed team in Toppserien, Lyn, and the winner of the 1. divisjon, IF Fløya.
Lyn won 7–1 on aggregate.
Relegation play-offs
The relegation play-offs will this season be contested by the 8th placed team in 1. divisjon, Grand Bodø, and the winner of the 2. divisjon, KIL/Hemne.
KIL/Hemne won 5–4 on aggregate.
References
External links
Fotball.no
2018
2
Norway
Norway
A Merry Friggin' Christmas (Also known as A Merry Christmas Miracle) is a 2014 American black comedy film directed by Tristram Shapeero and written by Phil Johnston. The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Joel McHale, Lauren Graham, Clark Duke, Oliver Platt, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Tim Heidecker, Candice Bergen, and Robin Williams. The film was released by Phase 4 Films on November 7, 2014. The film received generally negative reviews from critics.
Plot
Boyd Mitchler must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all of his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise.
Cast
Joel McHale as Boyd Mitchler
Robin Williams as Virgil Mitchler
Lauren Graham as Luann Mitchler
Candice Bergen as Donna Mitchler
Clark Duke as Nelson Mitchler
Tim Heidecker as Dave Mitchler
Wendi McLendon-Covey as Shauna Mitchler
Pierce Gagnon as Douglas Mitchler
Amara Miller as Pam Mitchler
Ryan Lee as Rance Mitchler
Bebe Wood as Vera Mitchler
Oliver Platt as Hobo Santa
Amir Arison as Farhad
Mark Proksch as Trooper Zblocki
Gene Jones as Glen
Jeffrey Tambor as Snow Globe Snowman (voice)
Production
Principal photography began in April 2013 in Atlanta, Georgia. Williams died on August 11, 2014, before the film was released and was dedicated to his memory.
Release
The film was released by Phase 4 Films on November 7, 2014. It is the first film starring Robin Williams to be released after his death on August 11, 2014.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 14%, based on 21 reviews, with an average rating of 3.45/10. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 28 out of 100, based on reviews from 11 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
See also
List of Christmas films
References
External links
2014 films
2014 black comedy films
2014 independent films
American black comedy films
American Christmas films
American independent films
Entertainment One films
Films scored by Ludwig Göransson
Films about dysfunctional families
Films set in Chicago
Films set in Wisconsin
Films shot in Atlanta
Phase 4 Films films
American road movies
2010s road movies
2010s Christmas films
2014 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Mirama–Kikagati–Nsongezi High Voltage Power Line is a planned high voltage electricity power line, connecting the high voltage substation at Mirama Hills, in the Western Region of Uganda, to another high voltage substation at Kikagati Hydroelectric Power Station and continues to end at Nshungyezi Hydropower Station.
Location
The 132 kilo Volt power line starts at the Uganda Electricity Transmission Company Limited (UETCL) 132kV substation at Mirama Hills, Ntungamo District, in Uganda's Western Region. The power line travels in a general easterly direction to Kikagati Hydroelectric Power Station, in Kikagati, Isingiro District, a road distance of approximately . From there, the power line takes a general northeasterly direction to end at Nshungyezi Hydroelectric Power Station, a distance of about , as the crow flies, but is approximately by road from Kikagati. Due to the steep terrain, the power line does not always follow the winding road. The line measures only , from Mirama Hills to Nshungyezi.
Overview
The power line is being developed to evacuate the 16 megawatts of electricity generated at Kikagati Hydroelectric Power Station and the 39 megawatts generated at Nshungyezi Power Station and transmit it to Mirama Hills, for integration into Uganda's national electricity grid.
Associated power infrastructure
As of August 2020, Kikagati Power Station is under construction at a contract price of US$88 million and an anticipated completion date of 2021. The project received US$12.3 million partial funding from the Uganda GET Fit Program.
Nshungyezi Power Station is a proposed 39 megawatts hydroelectric power station planned on the Kagera River, approximately , downstream of Kikagati Power Station. The development rights are owned by Maji Power Limited, a subsidiary of Berkeley Energy.
Cost and construction
The power line and associated infrastructure developments are budgeted at US$33.4 million. As of August 2020, construction has not started. It was anticipated that by 2022, the power line would be in operation. Uganda Electricity Transmission Company Limited will own and operate the completed power transmission line. The project received partial funding from the government of Norway.
See also
Energy in Uganda
List of power stations in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Electricity Transmission Company Limited
Strategic plan to increase power supply pays dividends As of 9 October 2012.
High-voltage transmission lines in Uganda
Energy infrastructure in Africa
Energy in Uganda
Deh Now-ye Hashemabad (, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Hāshemābād; also known as Hāshemābād and Deh Now-ye Hāshem) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
William Cannon White (July 21, 1896 – June 10, 1986) was an American football coach and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at Ramsay High School in Birmingham, Alabama from 1930 to 1940, at Howard College in Homewood, Alabama from 1940 to 1941 and again in 1954 and at Sewanee: The University of the South from 1946 to 1953. White also played football for the Tennessee Volunteers in 1921.
Coaching career
Following his graduation from Tennessee in 1922, White coached at Trousdale County High School in Tennessee and then at Ramsay High School in Birmingham, Alabama from 1930 to 1940. In January 1940, he was hired at Howard College (now Samford University) to serve as head football coach. During his two-year stint at Howard from 1940 through the 1941 seasons, White compiled a record of 8 wins, 10 losses and one tie (8–10–1). Following the 1941 season, Howard temporarily dropped the football program due to the onset of World War II. It was at this time White enlisted to serve in the Army and was commissioned as a captain in the United States Army Air Forces.
Following the war, White resumed his coaching career as a line coach at Tennessee for the 1945 season. The following year, he was hired at Sewanee to serve as head coach. During his time there from 1946 to 1953, White compiled a record of 38 wins, 23 losses and three ties (38–23–3). After resigning from his post in February 1954, White returned to Howard where he coached for only the 1954 season and compiled a record of 2 wins and 7 losses (2–7).
Head coaching record
College
References
1896 births
1986 deaths
Samford Bulldogs athletic directors
Samford Bulldogs football coaches
Sewanee Tigers athletic directors
Sewanee Tigers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football players
High school football coaches in Alabama
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
People from Lincoln County, Tennessee
was a legendary local ruler of Okinawa Island. Shunbajunki was the second ruler of the Shunten dynasty. He succeeded his father Shunten in 1237.
Shunbajunki's reign is noted for the construction of Shuri Castle and the introduction of the Japanese kana writing system. The Chinese language and writing system was not to be introduced until roughly a century later; even after that time, government documents continued to be written in kana, as did much poetry.
Shunbajunki died in 1248, and was succeeded by his son Gihon.
Notes
References
Kerr, George H. (1965). Okinawa, the History of an Island People. Rutland, Vermont: C.E. Tuttle Co. OCLC 39242121
Shinzato, Keiji, et al. Okinawa-ken no rekishi (History of Okinawa Prefecture). Tokyo: Yamakawa Publishing, 1996. p. 38.
1185 births
1248 deaths
Kings of Ryūkyū
13th-century Ryukyuan people
A seismic gap is a segment of an active fault known to produce significant earthquakes that has not slipped in an unusually long time, compared with other segments along the same structure. There is a hypothesis or theory that states that over long periods of time, the displacement on any segment must be equal to that experienced by all the other parts of the fault. Any large and longstanding gap is, therefore, considered to be the fault segment most likely to suffer future earthquakes.
The applicability of this approach has been criticised by some seismologists although earthquakes sometimes have occurred in previously-identified seismic gaps.
Examples
Loma Prieta Seismic Gap, California
Prior to the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake( = 6.9), that segment of the San Andreas fault system recorded much less seismic activity than other parts of the fault. The main shock and aftershocks of the 1989 event occurred within the previous seismic gap.
Central Kuril gap, Russia
Immediately following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, a seismic gap analysis of the seismic zones around the Pacific Ocean identified the Central Kuril segment of the Kuril–Kamchatka Trench subduction zone as the most likely to give rise to a major earthquake. This zone, 500 km in length, at that time had experienced no major earthquake since 1780, but was bounded to north and south by segments that had moved within the last 100 years. The Mw = 8.3 earthquake of 15 November 2006 and the = 8.2 earthquake of 13 January 2007 occurred within the defined gap.
Central Himalayan Gap, India
Although there had been earthquakes to the west (near Delhi) in 1905, and to the east (Nepal–Bihar earthquake) in 1934, there was a 600-kilometer-long region of the central Himalayan that had not ruptured since 1505. In April 2015, the 7.8 April 2015 Nepal earthquake occurred near the center of this region.
References
External links
USGS glossary entry
Seismology
Herbert Westfaling (3 January 1630 – 1705) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.
Westfaling was the son of Herbert Westfaling of Mansell Gamage and his wife Elizabeth Frogmore, daughter of John Frogmore of Claines, Herefordshire.
In 1660, Westfaling was elected Member of Parliament for Hereford in the Convention Parliament. In 1661 he fought a highly contentious election for the Cavalier Parliament. Sir Henry Lingen, the other member, sought to replace Westfaling by his friend Sir Edward Hopton and gained control of the corporation before the royalist councillors were restored. The mayor created 80 freemen from Lingen's supporters and refused to do likewise for Westfaling. Lingen was returned unopposed, but Westfaling demanded a poll against Hopton. The mayor was detained in the Guild Hall on the first day and refused to go to the poll on the second day, declaring Hopton elected from Hopton's House. Westfaling persuaded the sheriff to take another return and Hopton topped the poll but with what turned out to be a number of invalid votes. Hopton was allowed to sit but the matter was referred to the elections committee. Sir Job Charlton noted that "there was a very strange carriage and some disturbance in the elections" and recommended Hopton be unseated. However parliament declared the election void, and Lingen and Westfaling were returned at the by-election. Westfaling sat until 1679.
Westfaling was mayor of Hereford in 1683.
Westfaling died at the age of 75.
Westfaling married Ann Edwards daughter of Sir Thomas Edwards.
References
1630 births
1705 deaths
English MPs 1660
Mayors of Hereford
English MPs 1661–1679
Karangasso-Vigué is a department or commune of Houet Province in south-western Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Karankasso-Vigue.
Towns and villages
Klesso
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Houet Province
Gestel is a borough in the southwestern part of the city of Eindhoven, Netherlands. Gestel used to be a separate village, and until 1920 was part of the separate municipality of Gestel en Blaarthem.
On 1 January 2005 it had a population of nearly 27,000 people. Gestel consists of three neighbourhoods: Rozenknopje (with Hagekamp, Oude Spoorbaan and Schrijversbuurt), Oud Gestel (with Rapelenburg, Bennekel, Blaarthem, Genderdal, Gennep and de Beemden) and Oud Kasteel (with Genderbeemd, Ooievaarsnest and Hanevoet). Gestel borders other parts of Eindhoven (Strijp, Stratum and Eindhoven Centrum, which is the pre-1920 municipality of Eindhoven, with minor adjustments) and the municipalities of Waalre and Veldhoven.
External links
Gestel-area on the website of the municipality of Eindhoven
Municipality of Eindhoven
Boroughs of Eindhoven
Jumpin' at the Woodside, subtitled A Buck Clayton Jam Session, is an album by trumpeter Buck Clayton which was recorded between 1953 and 1956 and released on the Columbia label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "The music is taken from three different sessions, with this version of "Jumpin' at the Woodside" splicing together the best of two completely different performances. The lineup of top players gives one a good idea as to the high quality of the music".
Track listing
"Rock-a-Bye Basie" (Count Basie, Lester Young, Shad Collins) – 8:10
"Jumpin' at the Woodside" (Basie) – 10:40
"Blue and Sentimental" (Basie, Jerry Livingston, Mack David) – 6:30
"Broadway" (Billy Byrd, Teddy McRae, Henri Woode) – 9:25
Recorded in NYC on March 31, 1954 (track 2), August 13, 1954 (tracks 2 & 3) and March 15, 1955 (tracks 1 & 4)
Personnel
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Joe Newman (tracks 2 & 3), Joe Thomas (track 2) – trumpet
Ruby Braff – cornet (tracks 1 & 4)
Bennie Green (tracks 1 & 4), Urbie Green (tracks 2 & 3), Dicky Harris (tracks 1 & 4), Trummy Young (track 2) – trombone
Woody Herman – clarinet (track 2)
Lem Davis – alto saxophone (tracks 2 & 3)
Al Cohn (track 2), Julian Dash (track 2), Coleman Hawkins (tracks 1–4), Buddy Tate (tracks 1 & 4) – tenor saxophone
Charles Fowlkes – baritone saxophone (tracks 2 & 3)
Jimmy Jones (track 2), Billy Kyle (tracks 2 & 3) – piano, celeste
Al Waslohn – piano (tracks 1 & 4)
Steve Jordan (tracks 1, 2 & 4), Freddie Green (tracks 2 & 3) – guitar
Milt Hinton (tracks 1–4), Walter Page (track 2) – bass
Jo Jones – drums
Jack Ackerman – tap dancing (track 1)
References
1955 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Columbia Records albums
The Princely Academy of Bucharest (Romanian: Academia Domnească din București, ) was an institution of higher education, active from the end of the 17th century to the beginning of the 19th century.
History
According to some scholars, the Academy was most likely founded during the reign of Şerban Cantacuzino (1678-1688). Others believe that the initiative belonged to Constantin Brâncoveanu together with his uncle, Constantin Cantacuzino, in 1694, or to Gheorghe Duca (1675).
The institution underwent several reorganisations, under Gheorghe Ghica, Constantine Mavrocordatos, Constantin Racoviţă and Alexandru Ipsilanti. The Academy's language of study was Greek, the universal language of culture in the Eastern Orthodox world. For the most part, the teachers were also Greek. The students of the Academy came from all over the Orthodox world. In 1818 Gheorghe Lazăr began teaching courses in Romanian. In 1821, as a consequence of the increasing activity of the Greek patriotic organization, Filiki Eteria, the Greek-speaking Academy was disestablished, and replaced with a similar institution where teaching was done in Romanian, the Saint Sava Academy.
Organisation and curriculum
We do not know very much about the Academy's structure before the reforms of Ipsilanti. From 1776, however, by the decree of Ipsilanti, the studies in the Academy were organised in 5 cycles, each of them lasting 3 years. The first three-year cycle was dedicated to the study of the Greek and Latin grammar. The following was dedicated to the study of Greek, Latin, and classic literature. In the third cycle the students studied poetics, rhetoric, Aristotle's ethics, Italian and French.
In the fourth cycle the arithmetic and the geometry, as well as the history and the geometry were taught. Finally, the last cycle was dedicated to the study of philosophy and astronomy. If at the beginning the teaching was done mostly after the commentaries of Korydaleos to the works of Aristotle, later the courses took a modern orientation. The natural sciences, the philosophy, were taught after occidental handbooks, many of them translated in Greek.
Notable teachers
Sevastos Kyminitis (1689–1703)
Grigorios Konstantas (1782–1787)
Lambros Photiadis (1792–1805, Principal)
Constantinos Vardalachos (1803–1815 [Principal: 1805-1815]; 1820–1821)
Neophytos Doukas (1815–1818)
Stephanos Kommitas (1816–1818)
Veniamin Lesvios (1818)
Rigas Feraios (1757–1798)
Georgios Gennadios (1784–1854)
Notable alumni
Grigorie Brâncoveanu
Dinicu Golescu
Iordache Golescu
Ion Heliade Rădulescu
Daniel Philippidis
Petrache Poenaru
Eufrosin Poteca
Barbu Ştirbei
Alecu Văcărescu
Ienăchiță Văcărescu
Nicolae Văcărescu
Stefan Bogoridi
See also
Princely Academy of Iaşi
References
Sources
Camariano-Cioran, Ariadna, Les Academies princières de Bucarest et de Jassy et leurs professeurs, Thessaloniki : Institute for Balkan Studies, 1974
Educational institutions established in the 1690s
History of Bucharest
Modern Greek Enlightenment
1821 disestablishments
History of Wallachia (1714–1821)
1694 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Greeks in Romania
Sebastián López may refer to:
Sebastián López (footballer, born September 1985), Argentine goalkeeper
Sebastián López (footballer, born October 1985), Argentine midfielder
Sebastián López Serrano (born 1961), Spanish footballer known as Chano
Sebastián López (art historian), (born 1949), argentinian- dutch art historian
Ursula's sunbird (Cinnyris ursulae) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is found in western Cameroon and Bioko island.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
References
Ursula's sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Ursula's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Salvia prionitis is an annual herb that is native to Anhui, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi, and Zhejiang provinces in China, found growing on hillsides and grassy places at elevation. S. prionitis grows on erect stems tall, with mostly basal leaves. Inflorescences are widely spaced 6-14 flowered verticillasters in racemes or panicles, with a violet corolla.
Notes
prionitis
Flora of China
The Man Without a Name (French: L'homme sans nom) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Léon Mathot and starring Jean Galland, André Alerme and Sylvie. The film's sets were designed by the art director Roland Quignon. It premiered in Paris, then under German Occupation.
Synopsis
Following an operation gone wrong, a famous Paris surgeon abandons his job and goes to live in a small Basque village. Called back to save the life of a young holidaymaker, he rediscovers his former talents.
Cast
Jean Galland as Vincent Berteaux dit Monsieur Vincent
André Alerme as Le docteur Pagès
Sylvie as Madame Ourdebey
Anne Laurens as La soeur de lait d'André
Georges Rollin as André Ourdebey
Gilberte Joney as Assomption
Tichadel as L'innocent
Marie Carlot as La maîtresse
Danielle Godet as Une figurante
Gisèle Grandpré as La mère d'Assomption
References
Bibliography
Bertin-Maghit, Jean Pierre. Le cinéma français sous Vichy: les films français de 1940 à 1944. Revue du Cinéma Albatros, 1980.
External links
1943 films
1940s French-language films
1943 drama films
French drama films
Films directed by Léon Mathot
1940s French films
Valdivia National Reserve is a federal nature reserve in the coastal mountain area of Los Ríos Region, in Chile.
Geography
It is located in the Valdivian Coastal Range of the Chilean Coast Ranges System. It is near the port of Corral.
The nature reserve is bordered on the south by the Valdivian Coastal Reserve; and on the north by the Alerce Costero Natural Monument.
The park protects Valdivian temperate rainforest habitats.
See also
References
National reserves of Chile
Protected areas of Los Ríos Region
Chilean Coast Range
Valdivian temperate rainforest
Gabriel de Gramont (1486–1534) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography
Gabriel de Gramont was born in Gascony in 1486, the son of Roger de Gramont, signeur of Bidache, and Eléonore de Béarn. His brother, Charles de Gramont was the Archbishop of Bordeaux.
Early in his life, he was ordained as a deacon. On 25 June 1515 he was elected Bishop of Couserans. He was transferred to the see of Tarbes on 19 September 1524. He occupied that see until his death.
He was maître des suppliques under Francis I of France. He was promoted to the metropolitan see of Bordeaux. In 1525, the queen regent, Louise of Savoy sent Bishop Gramont to Spain to secure the freedom of Francis I. In 1526, he was imprisoned by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, who was angry at his role in founding the League of Cognac; when England and France arrested the imperial ambassadors, the emperor ordered Bishop Gramont released. Returning to the Kingdom of France, he was despatched to the Kingdom of England in an attempt to encourage Henry VIII of England to divorce Catherine of Aragon and form a French alliance by marrying Marguerite de Navarre, the widow of the king's brother Charles IV, Duke of Alençon. He was then sent as French ambassador to the Holy See.
On 14 July 1529 he was elected Archbishop of Bordeaux by the cathedral chapter of Bordeaux Cathedral; Pope Clement VII confirmed his appointment on 24 September 1529. He resigned the administration of the archdiocese to his brother Charles de Gramont on 9 March 1530. In December 1529, the pope made him his nuncio extraordinary to the Kingdom of France.
Pope Clement VII made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 8 June 1530. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Giovanni a Porta Latina on 22 June 1530. He opted for the titular church of Santa Cecilia in Trastevere on 9 January 1531.
On 13 January 1532 Francis I of France named him Bishop of Poitiers. He subsequently occupied that see until his death.
In 1533 he negotiated the marriage between Henry, Duke of Orléans and Catherine de' Medici, the niece of Pope Clement VII. As part of these negotiations, on 1 August 1533, the pope met the king of France at Marseille.
On 17 October 1533 he was named Archbishop of Toulouse. He subsequently occupied that see until his death.
He died of typhoid fever in the château of Balma on 26 March 1534. He was buried with his ancestors in the church of Bidache.
References
1486 births
1534 deaths
16th-century French cardinals
Carl Peter Zenner (11 June 1899 – 16 June 1969) was an SS-Brigadeführer who served as SS and Police Leader in Generalbezirk Weissruthenien during the Second World War. An active participant in the Holocaust, he was convicted and jailed for crimes against humanity.
Early life
Zenner was born in the village of Oberlimberg, the son of a quarry manager. He attended volksschule in Brohl and gymnasium in Andernach. He joined the Imperial German Army in 1917 and fought in the First World War with the 9th Foot Artillery Regiment, earning the Iron Cross, 2nd class. After the war, he became a member of the Freikorps between January and the end of September 1919, serving in the Baltic, and in Hamburg to suppress disorders associated with the Spartacist uprising. He then studied economics and business administration at a commercial college in Cologne beginning in October 1920 and graduating in December 1921 with a degree in business administration. He then worked in business in Brohl until the end of 1931.
Peacetime Nazi career
Zenner joined the Nazi Party in August 1925 (membership number 13,539). He then worked for the party until 1928 as the Ortsgruppenleiter (Local Group Leader) in Koblenz and the Bezirksleiter (District Leader) of the Koblenz-Trier district. As an early Party member, he later would be awarded the Golden Party Badge. In addition, he was an active propagandist as a Gau and Reich speaker until 1933. He became an early member of the SS (membership number 176) on 1 August 1926. During the occupation of the Ruhr, he was briefly jailed but subsequently acquitted in April 1927 by a French court-martial in Koblenz for breaching the peace. Later in June, he was sentenced to a fine for Nazi activities in Mainz.
Zenner unsuccessfully sought seats in both the Landtag of Prussia and the Reichstag at the elections of May 1928. From 1929 to 1933 he was a member of the Ahrweiler Kreistag (District Council) and became Deputy Bürgermeister (Mayor) of the city of Ahrweiler. He was elected to the Reichstag from electoral constituency 21 (Koblenz-Trier) in the election of July 1932, but lost his seat in November 1932. After the Nazi seizure of power, Zenner was again elected to the Reichstag in March 1933 and served continuously until the end of the Nazi regime.
Commissioned an SS-Sturmführer on 2 April 1930, Zenner was promoted to SS-Standartenführer on 8 August 1931 and formed SS units in Koblenz, Trier, and Aachen. From 1 January 1932 to 5 April 1934, he commanded the 5th SS-Standarte, based in Brohl. Leaving Brohl in April 1934, he served until 1 January 1935 as the commander of SS-Abschnitt (District) IV, headquartered in Braunschweig. Promoted to SS-Oberführer on 5 April 1934, Zenner became the chief-of-staff of SS-Oberabschnitt (Main District) "Süd" in Munich from January 1935 to 15 January 1937. He then transferred to police duties and served in the SS Main Office. From 1937 to July 1942 he was an honorary civilian judge at the People's Court. From May 1937 until January 1943 he was Police President of Aachen. During his time as chief of the police force in Aachen, the Kristallnacht pogrom of 9–10 November 1938 took place, in which 70 Jews were arrested and sent off to concentration camps, Jewish homes and shops were looted and the synagogue was burned down.
Second World War
On 21 June 1941 Zenner was promoted to SS-Brigadeführer. On 14 August 1941 he took a leave of absence from Aachen and was appointed SS and Police Leader (SSPF) "Weissruthenien," headquartered in Minsk. On 26 September 1941 he was given the additional position of Generalmajor of Police. His time in Minsk was marked by the height of the Holocaust in Belarus and his direct involvement is noted in the following:
Zenner voluntarily offered his troops and his authority in order to help the Einsatzgruppen - in this case Sonderkommando 1b - to kill the Jews. Zenner's participation was particularly evident during the action against the Jews of the Minsk ghetto, from November 7-11, 1941, during which, according to Operational Situation Report No. 140, 6,624 Jews were shot. The officer nominally in charge of the Sonderkommando … asked Zenner for help, and Zenner was more than willing to oblige. Not only did he promise the Ukrainian Hiwis under his command as the execution squad, he effectively took charge of the entire operation, from the clearing of the ghetto to the closing of the mass graves. Zenner supplied the manpower and the vehicles for the action, including the Order Police units that rounded up the Jews, the forces that guarded the execution site, and, of course, the shooters … Zenner was the mastermind of the operation.
Zenner was also involved in developing the anti-partisan campaign in the areas behind the front lines. Leaving his Minsk SSPF post on 22 May 1942, he worked as a special duty SSPF setting up the German plan to deal with the threat coming from Soviet partisan groups. He was the author of a report dated 13 June 1942 that analyzed the situation and recommended actions to combat it, including clearing all trees and brush within 300 meters of roads and railways to reduce the potential for ambush. He also recommended heightened mobility by strengthening motorized contingents of police units, including the use of armored personnel carriers. Increased levels of pursuit troops were to hunt down and kill all partisans. To this end, he proposed the formation of specialized combat groups (Kampfgruppe) and the use of airplanes in close support. Submitting his report directly to Reichsführer Heinrich Himmler, Zenner breached protocol and embarrassed his direct superiors, SS-Obergruppenführers Friedrich Jeckeln and Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski. By July, Bach-Zelewski, the leader of the anti-partisan campaign, dismissed Zenner from his post, allegedly for insufficient pursuit of the anti-partisan campaign. He was reassigned to Berlin to become head of the requisitioning office (Amt B-II) in the SS Main Office. Charged with dereliction of duty in September 1942, the Supreme SS and Police Court dropped the proceedings against him in December 1943. He remained in his Berlin post until the end of the war.
Postwar life and prosecutions
After the end of the war, Zenner was taken prisoner by the French on 29 May 1945 and interned. Eventually he was handed over to a British military tribunal and, on 12 June 1947, was sentenced to five years in prison and a 5,000 Reichsmark fine for his role in the Kristallnacht pogrom. After his release from prison on 13 June 1950, he worked in business as a managing director in Brohl.
Rearrested in 1961, Zenner was put on trial in the Koblenz Regional Court for the murder of the 6,624 Jewish men, women and children from the Minsk Ghetto. Despite his unconvincing denial of any involvement or even knowledge of the massacre, on 12 June 1961 he was convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison. He was released from custody shortly before he died.
References
Sources
External links
Carl Peter Zenner in the Rhineland-Palatinate Persons Database
1899 births
1969 deaths
German police chiefs
Holocaust perpetrators in Belarus
Holocaust perpetrators in Germany
Members of the Reichstag of Nazi Germany
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
Nazi Party officials
Nazi Party politicians
Nazi propagandists
Nazis convicted of war crimes
People from the Rhine Province
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 2nd class
Recipients of the War Merit Cross
SS-Brigadeführer
SS and Police Leaders
20th-century Freikorps personnel
Paweł Halaba (born 14 December 1995) is a Polish volleyball player. At the professional club level, he plays for Ślepsk Malow Suwałki.
Personal life
In 2012, he graduated from the Marshal Stanisław Małachowski High School in Płock. He began studying at AGH University of Science and Technology in Kraków but suspended the studies after one year to continue his volleyball career.
Career
Clubs
He debuted in first league in 2014 as a player of AZS AGH Kraków. Then he moved to AZS Politechnika Warszawska on loan from Asseco Resovia Rzeszów and debuted in PlusLiga. During the first round of season he got an ankle injury, but he came back to volleyball after a short break. In 2017 he moved to Jihostroj České Budějovice.
Sporting achievements
Universiade
2019 Summer Universiade
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Płock
Polish men's volleyball players
Universiade medalists in volleyball
Universiade silver medalists for Poland
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Projekt Warsaw players
Trefl Gdańsk players
Warta Zawiercie players
Ślepsk Suwałki players
Elections for Ipswich Borough Council were held on 1 May 2003. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour Party kept overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Labour 31
Conservative 12
Liberal Democrat 5
Election result
Ward results
Alexandra
Bixley
Bridge
Castle Hill
Gainsborough
Gipping
Holywells
Priory Heath
Rushmere
Sprites
St John's
St Margaret's
Stoke Park
Westgate
Whitehouse
Whitton
References
2003 Ipswich election result
2003 English local elections
2003
2000s in Suffolk
This is a list of defunct airlines of Iran.
See also
List of airlines of Iran
List of airports in Iran
References
Iran
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Hooker Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of California
Hooker Creek also may refer to.
An earlier name for Lajamanu, Northern Territory, a community in Australia
Hooker Creek Airport, an airport in Australia
See also
Hooker (disambiguation)
Hooker River
Waima could refer to several places in New Zealand:
Waima, Northland is a community in the Hokianga.
Waima is a suburb of Auckland.
The Waima River in Marlborough flows through the Waima Valley into the Pacific Ocean.
The Keeseville Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places containing 142 historic structures in Keeseville, in Essex and Clinton counties in New York, in the United States. The buildings, built between 1820 and 1936, are concentrated on the streets near the Ausable River, which runs through the center of the village.
The district contains well-preserved examples of industrial and commercial buildings, working-class houses, entrepreneurs' residences, and two historic bridges spanning the Ausable River which divides the village and is the border between Essex and Clinton counties. Keeseville's architectural heritage includes regional examples of Classical, Gothic Revival, and Italianate design, many designed and built by noted local craftsmen Seneca and Isaac Perry, along with more modest structures; many of the structures are built of local river sandstone. In its historic setting and in the quality and variety of its historic structures, the Keeseville Historic District typifies the Adirondack water-powered mill community of the period 1820–1890.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Buildings and structures in Essex County, New York
Historic districts in Clinton County, New York
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Clinton County, New York
Michael Murphy (1931 – 21 February 2009), known as Mícheál Ó Murchú, was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Dingle, Geraldines and Kerins O'Rahilly's and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team.
Career
Born in Ventry, County Kerry, Murphy first came to prominence on the Coláiste Íosagáin team that won the Corn Uí Mhuirí title in 1949. After beginning his club career with Dingle, he later lined out with the Geraldines club in Dublin, before winning a County Championship title with Kerins O'Rahilly's in Tralee. Murphy earned a call-up to the Kerry senior football team in 1953 and was a substitute on the team that defeated Armagh in the 1953 All-Ireland final, however, he was one of a number of players who didn't receive a winners' medal. He subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen and was at full-forward for Kerry's defeat of Dublin in the 1955 All-Ireland final. Murphy ended his career by winning a third Munster Championship medal as team captain in 1959.
Honours
Coláiste Íosagáin
Corn Uí Mhuirí: 1949
Kerry
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1953, 1955
Leinster Senior Football Championship: 1953, 1955, 1958 (c)
References
External links
Mick Murphy profile at the Terrace Talk website
1931 births
2009 deaths
Dingle Gaelic footballers
Irish schoolteachers
Kerins O'Rahilly's Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Base oils are used to manufacture products including lubricating greases, motor oil and metal processing fluids. Different products require different compositions and properties in the oil. One of the most important factors is the liquid's viscosity at various temperatures. Whether or not a crude oil is suitable to be made into a base oil is determined by the concentration of base oil molecules as well as how easily these can be extracted.
Base oil is produced by means of refining crude oil. This means that crude oil is heated in order that various distillates can be separated from one another. During the heating process, light and heavy hydrocarbons are separated – the light ones can be refined to make petrol and other fuels, while the heavier ones are suitable for bitumen and base oils.
There are large numbers of crude oils all around the world that are used to produce base oils. The most common one is a type of paraffinic crude oil, although there are also naphthenic crude oils that create products with better solubility and very good properties at low temperatures. By using hydrogenation technology, in which sulfur and aromatics are removed using hydrogen under high pressure, extremely pure base oils can be obtained, which are suitable when quality requirements are particularly stringent.
Chemical substances – additives – are added to the base oil in order to meet the quality requirements for the end products in terms of, for example, friction and cleaning properties. Certain types of motor oils contain more than twenty percent additives.
Official classifications
In 1993, the American Petroleum Institute (API), categorized base oils into five main groups. This breakdown is based on the refining method and the base oil's properties in terms of, among other things, viscosity and the proportion of saturates and sulfur content.
Group I
Originating in the 1930s, the least refined type which is produced by Solvent Refining. It usually consists of conventional petroleum base oils. An improvement to the refining process in the 1960s called hydro-treating made this base oil more stable, less reactive, and longer lasting than the earlier base oils.
API defines group I as "base stocks contain less than 90 percent saturates and/or greater than 0.03 percent sulfur and have a viscosity index greater than or equal to 80 and less than 120".
Group II
Originating in 1971, a better grade of petroleum base oil, which may be partially produced by Hydrocracking. All impurities will be removed from the oil leading to clearer color.
API defines group II as "base stocks contain greater than or equal to 90 percent saturates and less than or equal to 0.03 percent sulfur and have a viscosity index greater than or equal to 80 and less than 120".
Group III
Originating in 1993, the best grade of petroleum base oil, since they are fully produced by Hydrocracking, Hydroisomerization, and Hydrotreating, which make these oils purer.
API defines group III as "base stocks contain greater than or equal to 90 percent saturates and less than or equal to 0.03 percent sulfur and have a viscosity index greater than or equal to 120".
This group may be described as Synthetic Technology oils or Hydro-Cracked Synthetic oil. However, some oil companies may call their products under this group as synthetic oil.
Group IV
Originating in 1974, consists of synthetic oils made of Poly-alpha-olefins (PAO). Group IV base oils have a viscosity index range of 125 - 200.
Poly-alpha-olefins (PAO) oils have a higher oxidative stability in extreme temperatures, and also have exceptionally low pour points, which makes them much more suitable for use in very cold weather (as found in northern Europe), as well as in very hot weather (as in the Middle East).
Group V
Originating in the 1940s, any type of base oil other than mentioned in the previously defined groups.
They include, among others, naphthenic oils and polyesters.
Unofficial Classifications
Unofficial base oil classifications are not recognized by the American Petroleum Institute (API), however, they are widely used and marketed for motor oils and automatic transmission fluids.
Group II+
Originating in the 1990s, a more refined grade of petroleum Group III base oil, produced by Hydrotreating. Group II+ base oils have a high viscosity index at the higher end of the API Group II range. The viscosity index is 110-115 minimum.
Group III+
Originating in 2015, produced by a gas to liquids (GTL) process. Group III+ base oils have a Very High Viscosity Index (VHVI) at the higher end of the API Group III range. The viscosity index is 130-140 minimum.
Group VI
Consists of synthetic oils made of Poly-internal-olefins (PIO).
Poly-internal-olefins (PIO) oils are similar to Poly-alpha-olefins (PAO), but use different chemicals in the synthesis process to obtain an even higher viscosity index (VI)
References
External links
A Review of Mineral and Synthetic Base Oils
A Defining Moment for Synthetics
Petroleum products
Dr. Clara Southmayd Ludlow (1852–1924) was an American entomologist, the first woman known to publish extensively on the taxonomy of mosquitoes and their occurrence in relation to the incidence of mosquito-borne diseases. She forged a notable career in medical entomology during a time when women were rare among the ranks of entomologists, and she did so in association with the military, where the presence of women was even rarer. Details of her life have been addressed in two publications, from which the following summary is drawn.
Early life
Clara Southmayd Ludlow was born on December 26, 1852 at Easton, Pennsylvania, the eldest child of Jacob Rapalje and Anna Mary (Hunt) Ludlow. Her childhood was disrupted significantly by the American Civil War, in which her father served as Surgeon of the 1st Regiment, Pennsylvania Volunteers, United States Army.
In 1877, she enrolled in the New England Conservatory of Music, from which she graduated in 1879. In 1880 she was enumerated by the federal census at the Monticello Female Seminary near Alton, Illinois, her occupation listed as "Music [Teacher]." Her entry in the 1925 edition of the Biographical Cyclopedia of American Women states that "for many years she made music her profession, teaching and doing a certain amount of concert work." Her professional records, deposited at the National Museum of Health and Medicine in Washington, D.C., begin with the year 1889, suggesting that at some point in the late 1880s, she began to turn to science as an avocation or perhaps vocation.
Education and career as a scientist
By 1897, she was a student at Mississippi Agricultural & Mechanical College (now Mississippi State University) in Starkville, Mississippi. She graduated from Mississippi A&M in 1900 with the degree of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture. In 1901, she was awarded the Master of Arts degree in Botany by Mississippi A&M, reportedly 31 years before a graduate program was formally offered by that institution. One of her preserved works is a folder of drawings of Viola species (the violets) in the Edward Lee Greene Papers of the University of Notre Dame Archives, perhaps obtained by Professor Greene when he worked in the Washington, D.C., area as a faculty member of the Botany Department of the Catholic University of America from 1885-1904, or in his capacity as an associate in botany at the Smithsonian Institution from 1904-1909, either of which positions might have brought him into professional correspondence with Ludlow.
After graduation in 1901 with her Masters of Arts degree, Ludlow traveled to Manila, Republic of the Philippines, to visit a brother who was stationed there as an artillery officer in the United States Army. Approximately one year later, she returned to the States with her brother, who had contracted an illness, but during her stay in Manila, she began an association with military medicine that would endure for the rest of her life.
In 1904, she was Lecturer on mosquitoes and disease at the Army Medical Museum in Washington, D.C. By 1907, she was Demonstrator of Histology and Embryology at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., where she received her Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1908. Her doctoral dissertation was entitled "The Mosquitoes of the Philippine Islands: The Distribution of Certain Species and Their Occurrence in Relation to the Incidence of Certain Diseases". She remained on the faculty of George Washington University, where in 1909 she was Instructor of Histology and Embryology.
From 1916 through 1920 she served as Anatomist at the Army Medical Museum, now the National Museum of Health and Medicine, on the Walter Reed Army Medical Center post in Washington, D.C. Her records at the museum, consisting of correspondence, notes, reports, logbooks, and other research materials, state that her research centered on identifying mosquitoes, including a project working with specimens sent in from military posts that resulted in the production of a Museum film, "Mosquito Eradication," in 1918. During 1920, she became the museum's Chief Entomologist, a position she held until her death.
Death and interment
Ludlow died on September 28, 1924 in Washington, D.C. and is interred in Arlington National Cemetery, in Section 2, Grave No. 3843, beside her father. Her grave is located under a large oak below the Old Amphitheater adjacent to Arlington House. Her stone states only her name and date of death, and "daughter of Jacob"—hardly an adequate memorial for this great lady.
Honors
In 1908 Ludlow was elected to active membership in the American Society of Tropical Medicine, the first woman and the first non-physician scientist member of the society. She is included in a bibliography of biographies of entomologists published in 1945, but the cited obituary, published in the Journal of the Washington Academy of Sciences, states only that "[h]er work was mainly in connection with the disease prevention activities of the army" and does not mention her pioneering role as a public health entomologist. The failure of her peers to fully memorialize her remarkable achievements may be in some part due to her reportedly irascible personality; and as well, it may reflect the sexism of early twentieth century America.
In 2017, the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene began awarding a medal named after Dr. Ludlow, "a woman icon in tropical medicine" recognizing honorees of either gender for their "inspirational and pioneering spirit, whose work represents success despite obstacles and advances in tropical medicine."
Photographs
A photograph of Ludlow was published in an issue of Mosquito Systematics dedicated to her in 1987. Three previously unknown photographs of her, discovered in the George Washington University Archives, Kayser Photographic Collection, in Washington, D.C. were published in 2005 with the permission of the Gelman Library, Special Collections Department/University Archives, Washington, D.C.
References
American entomologists
Women entomologists
20th-century American women scientists
George Washington University alumni
Mississippi State University alumni
1852 births
1924 deaths
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Smithsonian Institution people
20th-century American zoologists
People from Easton, Pennsylvania
Scientists from Pennsylvania
New England Conservatory alumni
The Ross R-6 is a tandem two-seat, high-wing glider that was designed by Harland Ross and first flown in 1956.
Design and development
Ross designed the R-6 as a two-seat sailplane with the intention of setting new multi-place records with it. The aircraft was initially designed to use the same span wing as the highly successful Ross-Johnson RJ-5, but with a gross weight of as opposed to the RJ-5's this gave the R-6 one of the highest wing loadings for a glider of its day.
The R-6 was constructed with a metal fuselage, which was a departure from Ross's earlier designs. The passenger seat is behind the pilot's seat, aft of the wing spar and has no windows, visibility is provided by a removable plastic overhead dome. The wing features dive brakes. The wingspan was later increased to , lowering the wing loading somewhat, but increasing the high aspect ratio to 28:1. Originally taking off from a dolly and landing on a fixed skid, the R-6 later had a retractable monowheel landing gear installed.
Operational history
In one four-day period in 1958 Ross flew the R-6 to set four records. He set new World Record marks for the multi-place glider category in , and speed triangles and also set a US National Record for out-and-return distance of . Two of the three World Records exceeded the standing single-place record at the time.
In 1959, Ross flew the R-6 solo from Kent, Texas to Farley, New Mexico for his diamond distance and won the Barringer Trophy
The R-6 was later owned by Bob Storck of Waldorf, Maryland who loaned it to the National Soaring Museum, where it is currently listed as in storage.
Aircraft on display
National Soaring Museum - the sole example.
Specifications (R-6 2-seater / single-seater)
See also
References
1950s United States sailplanes
Harland Ross aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1956
Star Dust is a 1940 American comedy drama film directed by Walter Lang and starring Linda Darnell and John Payne, Roland Young and Charlotte Greenwood.
Plot
Amalgamated Pictures is seeking new stars for its motion pictures. Talent scout Thomas Brooke hits the road, looking for newcomers to bring back for screen tests, hopefully to impress the studio's boss, Dane Wharton.
Brooke discovers a football player in Arizona who can sing, Bud Borden, and a talented Texas singer, Mary Andrews. On a visit to Arkansas, his presence is discovered by aspiring actress Carolyn Sayres, who schemes to get Brooke to take an interest in her. He does, at least until he finds out she's still a bit too young.
Everyone travels to Hollywood for screen tests and a visit to Grauman's Chinese Theater, where they get a kick out of the footprints of movie stars embedded in the cement. Brooke encounters the casting director's own new find, June Lawrence, a singer. He clashes with the studio, which offers a contract only to Mary and sends his other discoveries home.
Carolyn doesn't take no for an answer and comes back. Brooke now gets in her corner and schemes to insert footage from her screen test into a theater's newsreel. The next thing they all know, Carolyn is not only a star, Grauman's is inviting her to be immortalized in cement.
Cast
Linda Darnell as Carolyn Sayres
John Payne as Ambrose Fillmore / Bud Borden
Roland Young as Thomas Brooke
Charlotte Greenwood as Lola Langdon
William Gargan as Dane Wharton
Mary Beth Hughes as June Lawrence
Mary Healy as Mary Andrews
Donald Meek as Sam Wellman
Jessie Ralph as Aunt Martha Parker
Walter Kingsford as Napoleon in Screen Test
George Montgomery as Ronnie
Robert Lowery as Bellboy
Hal K. Dawson as Cargo
Jody Gilbert as Swedish Maid
Gary Breckner as Announcer
Paul Hurst as Mac, Amalgamated Lab Tech
Irving Bacon as Jefferson Hotel Desk Clerk
Billy Wayne as Amalgamated Cameraman
Fern Emmett as Hotel Stenographer
Lynne Roberts as College Girl
References
External links
1940 films
1940 comedy-drama films
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
American comedy-drama films
Films about Hollywood, Los Angeles
Films directed by Walter Lang
Films produced by Darryl F. Zanuck
Films scored by David Buttolph
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Northumberland Heath is a neighbourhood and electoral ward in the London Borough of Bexley, south east London, England. Northumberland Heath is often referred to locally as "North' Heath" and is often considered to be part of upper Erith.
History
The area was once known as Spike Island after the workhouse that was situated there. The area is mainly residential although there is a large industrial bakery in Belmont Road. Much of the housing stock is Victorian with some 1940s council developments and a Cottage estate built for local Vickers armaments workers in 1916. Nearest Railway stations are Erith and Barnehurst. There is a large Catholic church in Bexley Road, Our Lady of the Angels with a Capuchin friary attached, and a Church of England (St Paul's) in Mill Road. A conservation area on Brook Street safeguards some terraces that represent early examples of municipal housing.
Amenities
Northumberland Heath has a Community Forum (a kind of Parish Council).
The Erith Rugby Club is based in Northumberland Heath.
The European SF Society (Eurocon) Award-winning webzine, the Science Fact & Science Fiction Concatenation was founded by former locals of Northumberland Heath, some of whom have established a local SF group.
Northumberland Heath has an active community library which serves as one of the main foci of community activities.
Politics
Northumberland Heath is within Northumberland Heath ward (local Councillors are John Fuller (Conservative, Cabinet Member for Education) and Wendy Perfect (Labour, Deputy Leader of the Labour Group and Shadow Cabinet Member for Education).
Education
Transport and locale
Nearest places
Belvedere
Slade Green
Bexleyheath
Barnehurst
Places of worship
Our Lady of the Angels Catholic Church, Erith
Northumberland Heath Baptist Church
St Paul's Church Mill Road
Rail
The nearest stations are at Slade Green and Erith on the Woolwich line and Barnehurst on the Bexleyheath line. Trains run between London Charing Cross, or London Cannon Street and Dartford. On the Bexleyheath line there is also a 6-day train service to London Victoria.
Buses
Transport for London operate three bus routes.
Route 89 runs between Lewisham and Slade Green stations; The 89 has a frequency of 10 minutes Monday to Saturday daytime and, in the evenings and on Sundays, a frequency of 20 minutes. In the early mornings a night bus service operates called the N89 which runs between Trafalgar Square and Erith; The N89 operates to a frequency of every 30 minutes.
Route 229 runs between Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup and Thamesmead Town Centre; The 229 has a frequency of 10 minutes Monday to Saturday daytime, and in the evenings and on Sundays a frequency of 15 minutes.
Route B12 runs between Erith and Joydens Wood via Bexleyheath station and the shopping centres of Bexleyheath and Bexley village. The B12 has a daytime frequency of 20 minutes Monday to Saturday daytime, and in the evenings a frequency of 30 minutes. This bus started running on Sundays since 29 April 2013. The first bus from Joydens Wood will depart at 6.50am and the last bus at 11.50pm. Meanwhile, the first departure from Bexley Road in Erith will be at 7.12am and the last bus at 12.10am the following Monday morning. The bus has a frequency of 30 minutes all day through until Monday morning.
References
External links
Bexley Local Studies Note 17 'Northumberland Heath' - a brief history
Two maps of the area c.1800
Erith & Crayford District Scouts
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Bexley
The Karate competition at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in San Salvador, El Salvador.
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
References
Central American and Caribbean Games
2002 Central American and Caribbean Games
2002
Texana, Texas is a ghost town which was located in Jackson County near Edna. The community was one of the earliest Anglo-American settlements in the state. The town flourished as late as 1880, but when the railroad bypassed the town, it rapidly declined. The site now lies under the Lake Texana reservoir.
History
In 1832 Dr. Francis F. Wells and his sister-in-law, Pamelia McNutt Porter, founded a community in south central Jackson County that later developed into Texana. The village was originally named Santa Anna after Antonio López de Santa Anna, at the time a popular Mexican liberal, soldier, and politician. In 1835, however, after Santa Anna had proven himself an enemy of republican government, the residents of the settlement changed the name to Texana. During the Texas Revolution of 1835-1836, Texana served as a port of entry and training camp for many volunteers from the United States. Dr. Jack Shackelford's company of Alabama Red Rovers camped around Texana for about two weeks before joining James Fannin's command at Goliad. In the spring of 1836 the citizens of Texana joined the Runaway Scrape. "Uncle" Jeff Parson, a slave during the Runaway Scrape, told how the "old town of Texana was abandoned, not an individual was left on Jackson County soil, all were in flight, where they were going no one knew."
After the Battle of San Jacinto, when republic officials organized the surrounding area into Jackson County, Texana - one of the oldest Anglo-American settlements - served as county seat. In the summer of 1836 the Army of the Republic of Texas established Camp Independence on acreage belonging to Captain Sylvanus Hatch about four or five miles from Texana. Hatch was a Freemason and member of Solomon's Lodge No. 1, F. & A. M. at Savannah, Georgia, which was founded by the renowned soldier, statesman, philanthropist and freemason James Edward Oglethorpe in 1734. The next year Camp Independence was the site of the famous duel between Felix Huston and Albert Sidney Johnston. That year also saw a public sale of town lots that encouraged settlement. In 1840 Texana incorporated as a municipality. By 1880 the town had acquired regular steamboat service, mail and stage routes, a booming business section, and its own newspaper, the Clarion. As late as 1882 Texana was a thriving port with as many as twenty ships docking each week. In 1883, however, the New York, Texas and Mexican Railway bypassed the settlement, precipitating a sharp decline. Shortly thereafter county voters elected to make Edna the county seat, and by 1884 Texana was a virtual ghost town.
Lake Texana
Lake Texana, a reservoir on the Navidad River, currently covers the ghost town, as a result of the construction of the Palmetto Bend Dam, which was finished in 1979. The lake currently serves as a recreational destination for visitors. The dam and the lake are managed by the Lavaca-Navidad River Authority.
Texas Historical Commission Site
Texana, Texas received a Texas historical maker in 1936 at the threshold of the Texas Gulf Coast. The Texas Historical Commission acknowledged the 1832 settlement in Mexican Texas with a 1936 Texas Centennial Marker made of gray granite with a bronze inscription.
The geographic coordinates place the in situ of the Texas Centennial marker at the access entrance to the Lavaca-Navidad River Authority.
See also
Brackenridge Recreation Complex
References
External links
Ghost towns in South Texas
Geography of Jackson County, Texas
is a dating sim developed and published by Konami and the second game in the Tokimeki Memorial series.
Tokimeki Memorial 2 was released for the PlayStation in 1999. It came on 5 CDs, featuring unmatched graphics and voice acting and a groundbreaking "Emotional Voice System (EVS)" where the girls could pronounce the player's name. Only Hikari Hinamoto and Kasumi Asou have the ability to use the EVS system in the actual game. All the other girls' EVS data came on CDs that were free in the Tokimeki Memorial 2 magazine "Hibikino Watcher". Each of the first three magazines came with a CD which had three of the girl's data on it per CD (the chosen girls on the CDs were also the three girls on the corresponding magazine cover). All the girls from the game have EVS data with the exception of Maeka Kudanshita, who always refers to the main player as "Shounen" (Japanese for young lad). The game itself was a big hit in Japan. Its gameplay followed the same template as the first, but with a lesser emphasis on the bombs and a greater emphasis on solving unique challenges specific to each girl. As a result, a different strategy had to be devised for every playthrough.
The game and EVS Append Disc was released in Japan for the PlayStation Store on November 25, 2009, exactly ten years after the game's original release date.
Characters
Voiced by Junko Noda
The main heroine of the game. She was the player's best friend until he moved away when he was 8. She is kind, cheerful, and energetic.
Voiced by Mami Kosuge
Hikari's best friend. She is an intelligent, serious person and is strongly opposed to Western influences.
Voiced by Misa Torii
Hikari and the player's older sister figure when they were kids. She joins Hibikino High as the player's home room teacher in the second year.
Voiced by Naoko Takano
A cheerful girl with a very long streak of bad luck.
Voiced by Hikari Tachibana
A polite, sweet girl who loves frogs and fortune telling. People occasionally come to her to have their fortunes told.
Voiced by Kazusa Murai
A quiet, sad girl one year older than the player. She is often seen on the school's rooftop alone.
Voiced by Chiaki Maeda
The klutzy, slightly chubby manager of the Hibikino High baseball team.
Voiced by Yukari Tamura)
The little sister of Rei Ijyuin from the first game. She becomes a student in the beginning of the second year. She is very haughty and, until the player gets to know her better, never seen without her butler.
Voiced by Mayumi Nomura
A cheerful, poor girl who works a part-time job as a waitress to pay her way through school.
Voiced by Motoko Kumai
An energetic tomboy who loves video games and anime. She is good friends with Akane and the school principal.
Voiced by Hikari Tachibana
Miho's twin sister who goes to Kirameki High. She looks like her sister except for her bigger breasts.
Voiced by Emi Motoi
A talented circus performer who travels with her father. She doesn't have many friends.
Voiced by Miho Yamada
A delivery girl who's good friends with Kasumi.
Voiced by Yuki Masuda
The information otaku of the school. He will give the player the girls' phone numbers, as well as basic information on them.
Voiced by Kenji Nojima
A friend of Takumi who practices kendo and is shy around women. In the Drama CDs, he has a crush on Kaedeko.
Reception
On release, Famitsu magazine scored the game a 33 out of 40. The game sold 370,000 copies within six months.
Board game
A board game based on the video game, Tokimeki Memorial 2: Game of Life (Jinsei Game), was published by Takara on February 11, 2000 in Japan.
References
External links
Official site
1999 video games
Konami games
Japan-exclusive video games
Mobile games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation Network games
Tokimeki Memorial
Video games developed in Japan
Everett A. Sharp (June 25, 1918 – February 1996) was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He attended California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.
1918 births
1996 deaths
People from Corinth, Mississippi
American football offensive tackles
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona alumni
Washington Redskins players
Yokosuka naval airfield was an airfield created on Natsu Island (possibly Oppama), near Yokosuka Naval Base, in Tokyo Bay. It was active in the defense of Tokyo during World War II and was one of the first places occupied by Allied forces after the end of hostilities.
References
External links
"Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan". Pacific Wrecks. Retrieved February 12, 2016.
Airports in Japan
Defunct airports in Japan
The western oriole (Oriolus brachyrynchus), or western black-headed oriole, is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae that is native to Africa. The adult upperparts are yellow-olive, and the underparts are yellow in colour. It is rated as a species of the least concern on the International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List of Endangered Species.
Taxonomy and systematics
The western oriole was first described in 1837 by the English ornithologist William John Swainson. Alternate names for the western oriole include the black-headed oriole (not to be confused with another species of the same name, Oriolus larvatus) and greenish-backed oriole. Two subspecies are recognized:
West African black-headed oriole (O. b. brachyrynchus) – Swainson, 1837: Found from Guinea-Bissau to Togo and Benin
Cameroon black-headed oriole (O. b. laetior) – Sharpe, 1897: Found from Nigeria to western Kenya, south-central Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Angola
According to the genetic data, the western oriole and the green-headed oriole (Oriolus chlorocephalus) are sister species.
Description
The western oriole measures in length, and weighs . The adult upperparts are yellow-olive in colour; the head to upper breast is black, and the periphery of the wings has a small white patch. It has a brownish pink beak. The underparts are yellow. The tail feathers are black and have broad yellow tips.
The juvenile has olive upperparts. The head is olive, and the throat is streaked with yellow. It has a dusky beak, and black streaked breast.
It has a variety of fluty vocalizations such as , , , , , and which normally have detached notes, and are lower pitched than those of the black-winged oriole (Oriolus nigripennis). It also emits a harsh .
Distribution and habitat
The western oriole is native to the rainforests of Sierra Leone, Guinea, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Benin, and Ghana.
It is found in western and central Africa. It lives either individually or in pairs in canopies of lowland primary forests, secondary forests, forest clearings with shrubs, and forest edges.
Status and conservation
Since 1988, the western oriole has been rated as a species of the least concern on the IUCN Red List of Endangered Species. This is because it has a very large range and because its population is thought not to have declined by 30% over ten years or three generations. Although the population size has not been measured, it is thought to be more than the threshold required to warrant it a vulnerable rating. Habitat loss is one reason for its population decline.
References
External links
western oriole
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
western oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Step into the Light may refer to:
Step into the Light (album), a 1985 album by Patty Larkin
"Step into the Light" (Darren Hayes song)
"Step into the Light" (Myra song)
"Step into the Light", a song on the 1996 album Black Love (The Afghan Whigs album)
Philip Gilbert is a fictional character from the E4 coming-of-age British comedy The Inbetweeners, played by Greg Davies, who made his first appearance during the pilot episode "First Day", broadcast on 1 May 2008. He also appeared in the follow-up films The Inbetweeners Movie (2011) and The Inbetweeners 2 (2014).
Appearances
In the pilot episode "First Day" Mr Gilbert meets new student Will McKenzie (Simon Bird) and takes an instant dislike to him, forcing Simon Cooper (Joe Thomas) to show him around the school. In the episode "Bunk Off" Simon and Will phone the school pretending to be Simon's mother, however Gilbert is not convinced and phones their parents. Later in the episode when they are back at school, Mr Gilbert confronts the group telling them that since they are in sixth form they have no legal obligation to stay in school, but quickly turns on Will and Simon, explaining that pretending to be their parents is fraud and sending the pair to the headteacher. In the episode "Girlfriend" Mr Gilbert is seen hosting a school blind date charity show. In the episode "Xmas Party" Mr Gilbert makes Will the chairman for the Christmas party committee but only because Will was the only person to apply. In 'Fashion Show', Mr Gilbert entrusts Will with collecting money for the charity event the school is hosting. Will originally interprets this as a sign of trust, but is quickly informed that he is being asked to do it as in previous years money had 'gone missing' and because if that were to happen again, Mr Gilbert 'could break' him.
Personality
Mr Gilbert is misanthropic, sarcastic and bitter, using his wit and sardonicism to mock and bully the children that he as head of year should look after. Physically, Mr Gilbert is a looming figure which helps him to intimidate others. Will describes him as a "lunatic giant". He makes his hatred of his job and his students known. Will attempts to endear himself to Mr Gilbert despite his constant animosity towards him.
Reception
Portrayed by Greg Davies, Mr Gilbert has been described as one of the funniest characters on the show with him having "some of the funniest moments throughout The Inbetweeners". Before his acting career, Davies "was a real-life teacher for 13 years before becoming a stand-up comedian and actor [...] he was perfectly trained for the role of Rudge Park's scariest teacher". "He's kind of the teacher I always fantasised about being because children are absolutely petrified of him."
References
The Inbetweeners
British comedy television characters
Fictional schoolteachers
Television characters introduced in 2008
Male characters in television
British male characters in television
Aristos Aristokleous (; born February 28, 1974) is a Cypriot former international football defender.
He started his career in 1990 with APOEL and he spent most of his career with APOEL where he played for eleven years. Then, he joined another team of Nicosia, Olympiakos for two years. Also, he played for AEK Larnaca for another two years and finally finished his career by playing for two seasons for ENTHOI Lakatamia.
Honours
AEK Larnaca
Cypriot Cup: 2003–04
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
APOEL FC players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
AEK Larnaca FC players
ENTHOI Lakatamia FC players
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Greek Cypriot people
Association football defenders
Tatlybayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Tatlybayevsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 331 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Geography
Tatlybayevo is located 35 km east of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Abdrakhmanovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Robert Halley (13 August 1796 – 18 August 1876) was an English Congregational minister and abolitionist. He was noted for his association with the politics of Repeal of the Corn Laws, and became Classical Tutor at Highbury College and Principal of New College, St John's Wood, London.
Early life
Robert Halley was born in Blackheath near London in 1796. His father, Robert Halley senior, was the younger son of a farming family, and had moved south from Perthshire, Scotland, in his youth to make his own way in life, living for a while as head gardener to a family in Dorset, and then becoming a nurseryman at Blackheath. Halley's mother was Ann Bellows of Bere Regis, Dorset. She died whilst Robert was very young and he was sent to Dorset to live with his maternal uncle, though returning a few years later to Blackheath to attend Maze Hill School and then, in 1810, begin working for his father as a nurseryman. In 1811 his father married for a second time. Shortly after, Robert, his brothers and sisters, his nurseryman father, and stepmother, were joined by the second Mrs Halley's only daughter. The family, now three boys and two girls, were soon, however, again to be deprived of a mother; for the second Mrs Halley then died.
Into this upbringing, where death was no stranger, Robert was also influenced by his father's piety. On settling at Blackheath for employment, Halley had at first regularly walked into London each Sunday dutifully to attend the Presbyterian Chapel in Oxenden Street. Finding this too much for work the next day, he looked for a closer chapel, but nevertheless took upon himself a lengthy walk to the one of his choice - Butt Lane Meeting House (later named High Street Chapel) in Deptford where he became a deacon. Robert would walk with his father across the heath every Sunday morning, attend the chapel, take lunch there, then visit the sick and poor before walking back across the heath. Robert began to look for a career in the dissenting chapels, and though not being successful in applying to Hoxton Academy, he was offered a place at Homerton College in 1816, under the tutorship of John Pye Smith, for a six-year course.
Life as a Pastor
Halley was ordained on 11 June 1822 as pastor of a new independent congregation at St. Neot's, Huntingdonshire. Four years later, in 1826 when the new Highbury College opened near London, he was invited to work as Classical Tutor at the college. His academic work here led to an unsolicited degree of D.D. from Princeton College, New Jersey in 1834. In the previous year he had become noted in the abolition movement, delivering a sermon on The Sinfulness of Colonial Slavery at the Meeting House of his former tutor, John Pye Smith of Hackney. In 1839 he returned to the ministry, as pastor of Mosley Street Chapel, Manchester. Here became closely associated with the Anti-Corn Law movement, supporting the cause for repeal that became strong amongst the working-class of the northern industrial cities, as well as amongst the northern cities' Members of Parliament and their well-to-do city electorates (which after the 1832 Reform Act gave the vote to about eleven percent of the population). One of Halley's sons, Jacob John (1834-1910) also became a minister (he was a noted Congregational minister in Australia). Another son Dr. Ebenezer Halley (born Highbury College, London in 1836 - died Lawrence, Otago, New Zealand, 22 November 1875)
was the Assistant Surgeon to the Melbourne Gaol in Australia and later a doctor in Lawrence.
Life as an Academic
In later life Halley became Principal of New College, London (from 1857 to 1872), succeeding John Harris; and wrote a number of printed books and sermons.
Death and memorial
Halley died in 1876. His memorial, a stone coffin tomb with hipped top, stands at Abney Park Cemetery, in Stoke Newington, London.
Select List of Published Works
Halley, Rev. Robert (1833) The Sinfulness of Colonial Slavery
Halley, Rev. Dr. Robert (1869) Lancashire, its puritanism and Nonconformity, 2 vols
Halley, Rev. Robert (1861) Memoir of Thomas Goodwin D.D., prefixed to Goodwin's Works
References
Further reading
Halley, Robert M.A. (1879), A Short Biography of Rev. Robert Halley D.D., London
Halley, Rev. Dr. Robert (1833) The Sinfulness of Colonial Slavery, London [republished c.2006 by Cornell University Library, USA]
Australian Dictionary of Biography for Halley, Jacob John http://www.adb.online.anu.edu.au/biogs/A040369b.htm
English abolitionists
English Congregationalist ministers
1796 births
1876 deaths
Burials at Abney Park Cemetery
19th-century Congregationalist ministers
Academics of former colleges of the University of London
English theologians
Alumni of Homerton College, Cambridge
Congregationalist abolitionists
Heilpraktiker ("healing practitioner") is a naturopathic profession in Germany. It is recognized as an alternative and complementary health care profession by German law.
Profession in Germany
Heilpraktiker, or non-medical healing practitioner, is recognized as an alternative and complementary health care profession by German law. A heilpraktiker does not need to have any formal education or training but must do an exam at the health authorities. This exam used to be somewhat basic until the 1980s, at which time it was made to become much more demanding. A candidate needs to have good knowledge of medical sciences, such as anatomy, physiology and pathology and psychiatry; a good knowledge of law regulations is also needed. Heilpraktiker often specialize in a complementary and alternative field of healthcare that could be anything from faith healing, homeopathy, phytotherapy, Chinese medicine, Ayurvedic medicine, to reflexology or acupuncture. A heilpraktiker is a person who is allowed to practice as a non-medical practitioner using any unconventional therapy.
History
The profession of heilpraktiker is based on healing therapies beginning in the Middle Ages. The lîbarzet Jörg Radendorfer from Vienna received around 1496 rights in Frankfurt that were otherwise restricted to academic physicians, which were withdrawn in 1499 after protests of doctors and pharmacists, and the death of a patient. He then worked in Nuremberg from 1500 to around 1503.
After the First World War, the heilpraktiker began to organise. They formed an association "Verband der Heilkundigen Deutschlands" in Essen in 1920, which was renamed "Großverband der Heilpraktiker Deutschlands" (Great Association of the healing Practitioners of Germany" in 1928. By 1931, 22 organisations of heilpraktiker had been established. In 1933, the Nazi Reichsministerium des Innern appointed the heilpraktiker Ernst Heinrich as commissioner of the profession. Per the Gleichschaltung, all associations were combined in a central Heilpraktikerbund Deutschland, with enforced rules for membership and education. The organisation published the magazine Der Heilpraktiker first in August 1933.
The Nazis promoted heilpraktiker as a counter within alternative medicine to the "occult" practices of anthroposophy. Alternative medicine researcher Edzard Ernst have written about the links between heilpraktiker and Nazism, and described it as "a relic from the Nazis that endangers public health" in a series of blog posts, also arguing against extension of the practice. Heilpraktiker have been identified as involved with fake cancer cures. A law regarding the profession of heilpraktiker was issued on 18 February 1939, named "Erste Durchführungsverordnung zum Gesetz über die berufsmäßige Ausübung der Heilkunde ohne Bestallung" (First regulation implementing the law on the professional practice of medicine without bestowal), or short: Heilpraktikergesetz.
Organisation
According to the Statistisches Bundesamt, 45,000 heilpraktiker were accredited in Germany in 2017. They are organised in several associations which represent the interests of the profession and offer education and services. Several associations run schools.
Allgemeiner Deutscher Heilpraktikerverband (ADHV)
Arbeitsgemeinschaft Anthroposophischer Heilpraktiker-Berufsverband (AGAHP)
Berufsverband Deutsche Naturheilkunde (BDN)
Bund Deutscher Heilpraktiker (BDH)
Bund Deutscher Heilpraktiker und Naturheilkundiger (BDHN)
Fachverband Deutscher Heilpraktiker (FDH)
Freie Heilpraktiker (FH)
Freier Verband Deutscher Heilpraktiker (FVDH)
Union Deutscher Heilpraktiker (UDH)
Verband Deutscher Heilpraktiker (VDH)
Verband Heilpraktiker Deutschland (VHD)
Verband Unabhängiger Heilpraktiker (VUH)
Vereinigung Christlicher Heilpraktiker (VCHP)
They collaborate in the organisation Die Deutschen Heilpraktikerverbände (The German Heilpraktiker Associations). Beginning in 2011, five associations have collaborated in the umbrella organisation Dachverband Deutscher Heilpraktikerverbände (DDH). The central organisation has published a magazine Volksheilkunde.
Education
While there is no regulated curriculum to become heilpraktiker, several schools offer classes.
References
External links
Dachverband Deutscher Heilpraktikerverbände
Heilpraktiker: Why are they only available in Germany?, MedizinDoc NGO, 17. September 2019
Naturopathy
Health care occupations
Jalan Parlimen (formerly Club Road) is a major road in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
List of junctions
Roads in Kuala Lumpur
Promethean World Ltd is a global education technologies company that develops, integrates and implements learning environments. Promethean is held by NetDragon Websoft, a Chinese video game company, who acquired Promethean in 2015. The company's global headquarters are located in Seattle, in addition to regional offices in Atlanta and Blackburn.
History
Tony Cann founded Promethean in Blackburn, Lancashire in 1996. 1997 saw the launch of PandA software, the forerunner to Activstudio and Activprimary, a range of software for use in company presentations and meetings. Promethean initially used interactive whiteboards (branded as Quora) from the USA, before designing and building their own from the Blackburn facility. Tony Cann was replaced by Graham Howe as chairman in July 2005. James Marshall became CEO in September 2012, replacing Jean-Yves Charlier. In May 2014, Graham Howe stood down as chairman, and was replaced by Philip Rowley. In July 2015, NetDragon announced that it had agreed to buy the company. In September 2015, Promethean acquired touch and gesture technology from Light Blue Optics for an undisclosed sum.
References
External links
Promethean World
Education companies established in 1997
Companies based in Blackburn
Educational technology companies
Display technology companies
2015 mergers and acquisitions
it:Lavagna Interattiva Multimediale
nl:Elektronisch schoolbord
pt:Quadro Interactivo
Crab Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia. It is a tributary of South Fork Hughes River.
Crab Run was descriptively named on account of crayfish in its waters.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
Current Directions in Psychological Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal from the Association for Psychological Science (APS) that is published by SAGE Publications.
Publication Scope
Current Directions in Psychological Science publishes concise reviews by leading experts spanning all of scientific psychology and its applications. The reviews published in this journal cover diverse topics such as language, memory and cognition, development, the neural basis of behavior and emotions, various aspects of psychopathology, and theory of mind. These articles allow readers to stay apprised of important developments across subfields beyond their areas of expertise and bodies of research they might not otherwise be aware of. The articles in Current Directions are also written to be accessible to non-experts, making them suitable for use in the classroom as teaching supplements. The current editor of the journal is Robert Goldstone at Indiana University Bloomington.
Characteristics
Current Directions in Psychological Science is ranked among the top 10 psychology journals worldwide. Published bimonthly, the journal appears online and in print with online articles appearing weekly on the journal website. Manuscripts for this journal are accepted by invitation or pre-submission query only. In addition to a large number of institutional subscribers worldwide, the 25,000 members of the Association for Psychological Science receive the journal as part of their membership
Past Editors
The journal was co-founded by Sandra Scarr of University of Virginia, and Charles R. Gallistel of Rutgers University. Other former editors include Harry Reis (University of Rochester); Alan E. Kazdin (Yale University); Milton D. Hakel (University of Memphis); Emanuel Donchin (University of South Florida); Randall Engle (Georgia Institute of Technology).
Special Issues
Occasionally, special issues or sections of this journal are published to address specific topics or trends in psychological science.
Psychology and Law
Schizophrenia
Neuroscience
Teen Brain
References
External links
APS official website
Podcast of interviews with authors of articles published in Current Directions in Psychological Science
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Psychology journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1992
Association for Psychological Science academic journals
Clinton Caldwell Boone (9 May 1872 –1939) was an African-American Baptist minister, physician, dentist, and medical missionary who served in the Congo Free State and Liberia. The son of Rev. Lemuel Washington Boone and Charlotte (Chavis) Boone of Hertford County, North Carolina, he played an important role in Africa as a missionary for the Lott Carey Foreign Mission Convention and the American Baptist Missionary Union, now American Baptist International Ministries.
He married shortly before traveling to the Congo in 1901 as a missionary. His first wife and their infant child died there. After Boone returned to the United States in 1906 and studied to earn his medical degree, he was assigned to Liberia as a medical missionary. While on furlough in the US in 1919, the widower married again. He and his second wife traveled in 1920 to serve in Monrovia, Liberia, and their two children were born there. The family returned to the US permanently in 1926, settling in Richmond, Virginia. Both his namesake son and grandson, also named Clinton C. Boone, became ministers, carrying the family's religious calling into the fourth generation.
Early life and education
Background
Clinton Caldwell Boone was born in Hertford County, North Carolina on May 9, 1872 to Charlotte (Chavis) Boone and the Reverend Lemuel Washington Boone, a minister. His parents were known as early African-American leaders in the Baptist church, who were committed to missionary work and education.
After the Civil War, his father, Reverend Lemuel Washington Boone, founded many independent Baptist churches for people of color, who mostly withdrew from the Southern Baptist Church. He co-founded and was the first president of the Roanoke Missionary Association, the state Baptist association organized by African Americans for their independent congregations. He also was a founding trustee of Shaw University, a historically black university in Raleigh.
Education
Boone started in the state's public schools, and was encouraged by his parents to obtain higher education. At the age of 19, he won a scholarship to Virginia Union University, a historically black university in Richmond, Virginia. While there he also studied at the Waters Normal Institute for teacher training and the Richmond Theological Seminary, graduating with a B. D. (Bachelor of Divinity) in 1900.
Marriages and family
While attending Virginia Union University, Boone met Eva Roberta Coles (8 January 1889-8 December 1902), a student at the neighboring Hartshorn Memorial College for women. Eva graduated from Hartshorn in 1899, and returned to her hometown of Charlottesville, Virginia to teach. Boone graduated a year after her, and they were married on January 16, 1901. That year they went together to the Belgian Congo, where he was assigned as a missionary. She died there on December 8, 1902, after their child had died as an infant.
It was not until 1919 that the widower Boone married again. He married Rachel Tharps that year after traveling to the United States for a furlough from Liberia, where he had been for nearly a decade. Like his first wife, Tharps was a graduate of Hartshorn Memorial College. In 1920, they returned to Monrovia, Liberia. They were there for the celebration of his Providence Baptist Church's one hundredth anniversary in 1922.
Boone and Rachel had two children, Clinton Caldwell Boone Jr. (1923-25 March 2012), and Rachel H. C. Boone (1924–2007), while living in Monrovia. The Boones permanently left Liberia with their young children in 1926 to return to the United States, where they settled in Richmond, Virginia.
Missionary work
Work in the Congo
After graduating from seminary school in 1900, Boone began his missionary work. He and his wife Eva traveled to the Congo Free State in 1901 to serve. They were sponsored jointly by the Lott Carey Foreign Mission Convention and the American Baptist Missionary Union. They arrived at the Palaballa station in the Katanga province of the Congo on May 24 of the same year. The territory was then under the personal rule of the Belgian king.
While in the Congo, Boone worked as a preacher and educator. He learned Kongo language to preach and teach the people in their own language. His wife Eva taught at a kindergarten for the village children and started a sewing school for the village women. But she encountered resistance due to her ignorance of this culture, in which the men traditionally did the sewing. After some time, she persuaded some women to take it up. According to Boone's memoir, the village women deeply respected Eva; they referred to her as "Mama Bunu."
Boone and his wife faced many challenges in the Congo. As a religious leader, Boone worked to prevent the Congolese from driving him and other evangelists away. Their royal rulers had led many of the people to Catholicism in the 16th century after their own conversion under the influence of Portuguese missionaries. Catholic natives burnt down the schoolhouse built by Boone and his followers. When the Americans appealed to the King's private Congo authorities for help, the latter said that the Kongo people must be allowed to decide if they wanted to follow Catholicism or Protestantism. Most of the villagers settled on Protestantism and gradually agree to rebuild the school.
Medical training
Boone's work as a medical missionary did not begin until after his wife Eva died in December 1902. Both he and the Congolese were greatly saddened by her death. Boone lived there alone for a time, but was grateful to receive an order to be transferred from Palabala station to another station called Ikoko. Boone stayed at Ikoko for a short time.
He later transferred to Lukunga station, to work with another American evangelist, Mr. Moody and his wife, in planting a new congregation. Although their main work was to preach and spread the gospel, they often gave out simple remedies such as castor oil, quinine, laudanum, epsom salts, etc. The need for a hospital and medically trained evangelists became apparent so they had a hospital built as well as a new schoolhouse. During that time, Boone took up a keen interest in medical training and was encouraged by Mrs. Moody.
During his time at Lukunga, Boone saw and treated patients from all over the Congo suffering from a variety of tropical diseases, in addition to Eurasian infectious diseases such as smallpox and measles likely introduced by Europeans and Americans. He treated "malaria fever, persistent malaria, hemorrhagic fever, smallpox, leprosy, measles, tonsillitis, meningitis, pleuritis, pericarditis, consumption [tuberculosis], pneumonia, sleeping sickness, cancer and ulcers." His first surgery was an amputation he performed on a man whose broken leg had developed an ulcer to the bone. Boone wrote that his success with the amputation, along with another, inspired him to return to the United States to study medicine.
After five years of service in the Congo, Boone returned to the United States in 1906. He attended medical school at the Leonard Hall at Shaw University, a historically black university in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Work in the Republic of Liberia
Upon graduating in 1910 from medical school at Shaw University, Boone qualified as a medical missionary for the Lott Carey Foreign Mission Convention. He was assigned to the newly established Republic of Liberia, which had been founded in the early 19th century as an American colony for free blacks. He was stationed in Brewerville.
Boone was later transferred to the capital, Monrovia, where he opened a day school. He also became the pastor of Providence Baptist Church, Liberia's first church, which was founded in 1822 by Lott Carey. Boone also served as Secretary of the American Legation when the acting secretary took a furlough to America. He put his medical missionary work on hold at that time but returned to medical work following the secretary's return.
While in Liberia, Boone treated patients with yaws, tonsillitis, meningitis, pneumonia, smallpox, hookworm, pinworm, tapeworm, guinea worm, malaria, heart lesions, black water fever (jaundice), and intermittent malaria. Boone also performed a successful Caesarian section on a woman whose fetus was tied by a witch doctor.
Further medical training
After nine years of medical service in Liberia, Boone was granted a furlough in 1919 to the United States. Having recognized the need for a dentist, because the only dentist in Liberia died from the international Spanish flu epidemic, Boone studied mechanical dentistry at the Bodee Dental School in New York City. He was supported in his studies by the Lott Carey Foreign Mission Convention. He and his second wife returned to Liberia for some time.
Death
Boone drowned in the James River at Richmond, Virginia in July 1939.
Legacy
Congo As I Saw It
This memoir documents Boone's five years as an evangelist, educator, and missionary in the Congo from 1901-1906. Clinton used data and first-hand experiences to write about the country and its people. This contains history and facts about the Congo. Boone captured daily experiences, cataloged the local animals and plants, and described the daily lives of the Kongo people, as well as his missionary work.
Liberia As I Know It
This recounts Boone's time as a pastor and medical missionary in Liberia from 1910-1926, after he had earned his medical degree. He also wrote about Liberia's history, privately founded as a colony by the American Colonization Society to resettle free African Americans. He also described the climate, the animals and plants, and material about the government and politics of the times.
His son Clinton Jr. followed his father into the ministry. Three years old when his family returned to the US, he attended the local segregated schools of the South before earning a bachelor's degree at Houghton College in upstate New York. He returned to Richmond to earn a theology degree at Virginia Union University; and, after he had moved to New York, also gained a master's degree in education at the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University in Brookville. He had a career in teaching in Copiague and became pastor of Union Baptist Church of Hempstead in May 1957, serving 46 years before retiring. He had been elected to the Hempstead school board and was a leader in local religious and civic organizations. Boone died at age 90 and was survived by his daughter Evelyn Rane Boone-Franklin, son the Rev. Clinton C. Boone III, and a total of five grandchildren.
References
External links
Clinton Caldwell Boone and Rachel Tharps
Clinton Caldwell Boone at Find a Grave
1872 births
1939 deaths
Christian medical missionaries
Baptist missionaries from the United States
African-American missionaries
American expatriates in Liberia
Virginia Union University alumni
Shaw University alumni
American expatriates in the Congo Free State
Baptist missionaries in Liberia
Baptist missionaries in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Elima or Elimä may refer to:
Aphnaeus elima, species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia
Kurt Elimä (born 1939), Swedish ski jumper who competed from 1963 to 1966
Olivier Elima (born 1983), French rugby league footballer who has played in the 2000s and 2010s
TC Elima, football club from DR Congo
See also
Elimäki, former municipality of Finland
Spooks is a 1930 animated short subject produced by Walter Lantz, and stars Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
Plot
First glimpsed stalking through a cemetery, a phantom is seen, wearing a hat, mask and coat (who, being magical, will later be shown to be able to fly as well as pass through small openings.
While travelling through the air, the phantom finds a studio where actors are making auditions while others are doing rehearsals. As he enters, he sees a female cat weeping. The phantom approaches her and asks why she is crying. Speaking unintelligibly, the cat tells him she desperately wants to sing at the audition and possibly make it to concerts. Unfortunately, her tongue is knotted, thus she can not say even a simple word. Feeling sorry for the cat and falling in love with her, the phantom decides to help out.
To assist his love interest, the phantom places a phonograph in the cat's skirt so she may lip sync as a record plays a song. The cat sets foot on the audition stage and performs her act, although it isn't a smooth one. The record repeats a line many times and slows down. However, the studio staff watching don't seem to mind. When the record stops in the middle of the song, the phantom secretly comes to her aid and turns the phonograph's cluster. The song continues and the cat 'sings' again. She manages to do well on the final lines, to the delight of those attending.
As the cat happily gets down from the stage, the overjoyed phantom decides to congratulate her with an embrace. Much to the phantom's surprise, however, the cat sidesteps him and walks to another guy standing behind. The other guy is none other than Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. Feeling insulted, the phantom grabs the cat and takes her to a secret room within the studio.
Upon reaching his secret place, the phantom decides to play the organ of the room. As he plays, he advises the cat not to take off his mask. Curious of why she should not, the cat opts to do so as she tiptoes towards the phantom. As she removes the mask of her captive, the cat is surprised to find out that the phantom's face has no skin or flesh, and is therefore a skeleton in garments. Oswald somehow manages to locate the secret room and knocks on the door loudly. Disturbed by the noise, the phantom leaves the cat inside and decides to confront the rabbit.
Seeing the phantom fly toward him, Oswald runs away as quickly as he can. On his getaway, Oswald stumbles and falls into a hole. On landing upon the bottom floor, the rabbit is bumped by a few large lizards that pass by. Oswald then thinks his troubles are over, but more still await as the phantom follows him there.
Instead of tormenting the rabbit, the phantom chooses to just ask a riddle. He asks "What does the chicken say when it lays a square egg?" Not sure of an answer, Oswald gives up and admits to not having any idea. The phantom then slaps Oswald in the face, causing the rabbit to say "Ouch!" The warlock also discloses to Oswald that "Ouch!" was the answer and he elatedly disappears. From then on, nobody sees the phantom again.
Availability
The short is available on The Woody Woodpecker and Friends Classic Cartoon Collection DVD box set.
See also
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit filmography
References
External links
Spooks (cartoon) at the Big Cartoon Database
1930 films
1930 animated films
1930s American animated films
1930s animated short films
American monster movies
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Walter Lantz
American ghost films
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoons
Undead in popular culture
Universal Pictures short films
Walter Lantz Productions shorts
Universal Pictures animated short films
Animated films about cats
1930s ghost films
Red Apple Orchard is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Paracarinachites is a genus of sclerite-bearing creatures known from the early Cambrian period, originating around 530-520 Ma. They are often represented within the distinguished small shelly fauna (SSF) group because of their minuscule size-from only a few millimeters long, and because of their overt mineralized skeletons. Most SSF are from the clade Lophotrochozoa, however, it is unclear whether Paracarinachites are identified for certain as there have been rare cases of ecdysozoan SSF. Little is still known about the animal due to limited fossil collections; there are currently 27 known collections from China according to Fossilworks.
Morphology
Paracarinachites are composed of an arched, biomineralized univalve shell with a multi-layered sclerite. The lower region of the shell is subdivided into two sections: a curved adapicle part and a posterior part. The adapicle part is a semicircular shape with a lower-central opening, while the posterior region has a wide, concaved curve. The sclerite that sits on top of the surface of the adapicle portion contains a simple, rugged array of 5-6 small, protruding bumps; the posterior region's sclerite carries along an alternating array of 10-14 spines.
Ecology
Established as marine-dwelling detrivores, Paracarinachites spent most of their life on the surface of the ocean, attached to both fauna (plants/algae) and infauna (dead organisms) alike to feed off of. Considering they were slow-moving creatures, they were more vulnerable to larger and faster predators and had to rely on the habitual exploitation of their surrounding environment. As far as locality, Paracarinachites as well as other related Zhijinites have been found in China and in Southern France.
Lineage
From what limited data has been collected, Paracarinachites may be closely related to cambroclaves according to Simon Conway Morris and colleague Chen Menge. Cambroclaves, in which Morris and Menge describe as, "a major group of sclerite-bearing metazoans from the Lower Cambrian of China.
References
Cambrian animals of Asia
Enigmatic animal taxa
Plagiobothrys austiniae is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Austin's popcornflower. It is native to California, where it can be found in the Central Valley and Sierra Nevada foothills. It is also known from southern Oregon.
Its habitat includes moist and wet areas, such as vernal pools. It is an annual herb with a spreading or erect stem 10 to 40 centimeters in length. The leaves are located along the stem, the lowest, largest ones measuring up to 5 centimeters long. The plant is coated in rough hairs. The inflorescence is a series of tiny flowers, each five-lobed white corolla less than 3 millimeters wide. The fruit is a bristly nutlet with prickles along its midribs.
External links
Calflora: Plagiobothrys austiniae (Austin's popcornflower, Rebecca Austin's allocarya)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment
UC Photos gallery
austiniae
Flora of California
Flora of Oregon
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
1882 in sport describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Events
At the 1882 rules meeting, Walter Camp proposes that a team be required to advance the ball a minimum of five yards within three downs. These down-and-distance rules, combined with the already-established line of scrimmage, transform the game from a variation of rugby or association football into the distinct sport of American football.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Old Etonians 1–0 Blackburn Rovers at The Oval, the first time that a professional club has reached the final
Tottenham Hotspur founded as Hotspur FC by members of the Hotspur Cricket Club in Tottenham.
Ireland
18 February — Ireland makes its international debut, losing 13–0 to England in Belfast. Ireland is the world's fourth international team following England, Scotland and Wales.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park 4–1 Dumbarton (replay following a 2–2 draw)
Bandy
Events
Charles G. Tebbutt of the Bury Fen bandy club is responsible for the first published rules of bandy and also for introducing the game into the Netherlands and Sweden, as well as elsewhere in England.
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – Chicago White Stockings (NL) 1–1 Cincinnati Reds (AA)
Events
Foundation of Cincinnati Reds, Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals
The American Association opens in six southerly cities from St. Louis to Philadelphia, a new professional baseball league that will rival the NL.
The National League completes two years with one circuit, eight northerly cities from Chicago to Boston.
Biking
February 22 - New York City's 24 hour bike race wins James Saunders, who ran 120 miles and won 100 dollars
Boxing
Events
7 February — John L. Sullivan defeats Paddy Ryan in nine rounds at Mississippi City to claim the Heavyweight Championship of America. Apart from Sullivan's famous 1889 fight against Jake Kilrain, this is the last major bareknuckle contest fought under London Prize Ring Rules. Sullivan will increasingly fight under Queensberry Rules from now on using gloves and will become the first generally recognised World Heavyweight Champion from 1885.
Cricket
Events
England, led by Alfred Shaw, tours Australia and plays a four-match Test series. Australia wins the series 2–0.
8 April (approx.) — formation of Warwickshire County Cricket Club at a meeting in Coventry
10 May — formation of Durham County Cricket Club
8, 9 & 10 June — Somerset County Cricket Club plays its inaugural first-class match v. Lancashire at Old Trafford and joins the County Championship, but for only four seasons initially.
28 & 29 August — England v. Australia at The Oval (only Test of the season). Australia wins the most famous match in history by 7 runs with F. R. Spofforth, the original "Demon Bowler", taking 7–46 and 7–44. Soon afterwards, The Sporting Times prints its legendary obituary notice:
In Affectionate Remembrance
of
ENGLISH CRICKET,
which died at the Oval
on
29th AUGUST, 1882,
Deeply lamented by a large circle of sorrowing
friends and acquaintances
----
R.I.P.
----
N.B.—The body will be cremated and the
ashes taken to Australia.
England
Champion County – Lancashire and Nottinghamshire share the title
Most runs – Billy Murdoch 1,582 @ 31.64 (HS 286*)
Most wickets – Ted Peate 214 @ 11.52 (BB 8–32)
Australia
Most runs – Billy Murdoch 679 @ 61.72 (HS 321)
Most wickets – Joey Palmer 47 @ 21.55 (BB 7–46)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Bob Ferguson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Seaman
1,000 Guineas Stakes – St. Marguerite
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Shotover
The Derby – Shotover
The Oaks – Geheimniss
St. Leger Stakes – Dutch Oven
Australia
Melbourne Cup – The Assyrian
Canada
Queen's Plate – Fanny Wiser
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Chantilly
Irish Derby Stakes – Sortie
USA
Kentucky Derby – Apollo
Preakness Stakes – Vanguard
Belmont Stakes – Forester
Lacrosse
Events
The first high school lacrosse teams are formed: Phillips Academy, Phillips Exeter Academy and the Lawrenceville School.
Seven colleges form the first Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (ILA), which was later replaced by the Intercollegiate Lacrosse League in 1905 (which was renamed the U.S. Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association in 1929).
Rowing
The Boat Race
1 April — Oxford wins the 39th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
England
Leicester Rowing Club was formed
Rugby football
Events
Foundation of Waterloo R.F.C.
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Ernest Renshaw (GB) 6–1 2–6 4–6 6–2 6–2
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats Clarence M. Clark (USA) 6–1 6–4 6–0
World
The 6th pre-open era 1882 Men's Tennis season gets underway 43 tournaments are staged this year from 24 April to 12 November.
References
Sports by year
Adino Nye Bell (February 3, 1866October 26, 1956) was a Democratic politician who was elected to serve in the Vermont House of Representatives for five terms. He was elected in 1910, 1940, 1948, 1950, and 1952 from the town of Lunenburg, Essex County, Vermont.
He's life of community service included serving as the town's auditor for seventeen years between 1903 and 1933, school director from 1905 to 1908 and again from 1910 to 1913; justice of the peace 1910 to 1950; selectman 1926 to 1929; and town agent from 1941 to 1950.
During World War II he served as the chairman of the Essex County Rationing Board from 1942 to 1945.
References
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Vermont Democrats
People from Lunenburg, Vermont
1866 births
1956 deaths
Taylor Ritzel (born September 4, 1988 in Aurora, Colorado) is an American rower who was part of the United States women's eight team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. The team won an Olympic gold medal. She has also been part of the women's eight world championship winning team twice, in 2010 and 2011.
Ritzel started rowing at Yale University, from which she graduated in 2010. While at Yale, she won the Eight event three times at the NCAA Championships (2007, 2008, 2010). Taylor is currently working in Beverly Hills in nonfiction series content acquisition at Netflix.
References
1988 births
Yale Bulldogs rowers
Yale University alumni
American female rowers
Living people
Sportspeople from Aurora, Colorado
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for the United States
21st-century American women
David R. Leitch (born August 22, 1948) was an American politician who served as a member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 73rd district from 1989 to 2017. He was also a member of the Illinois Senate in 1986 and 1987.
Early life and education
Leitch was born in Three Rivers, Michigan. He graduated from Kalamazoo College.
Career
Prior to entering politics, Leitch worked in the baking industry.
On January 31, 1986, Leitch was appointed to the Illinois Senate to succeed the late Prescott E. Bloom. As Bloom was the only candidate to file for the 1986 Republican primary, Leitch and Carl Hawkinson both ran in the primary as write-in candidates. Hawkinson, a member of the Illinois House of Representatives, defeated Leitch by a large margin.
In 1988, Fred J. Tuerk chose to retire from the Illinois House of Representatives. Leitch won the 1988 general election for the open seat. On October 8, 2015, he announced that he would not be seeking re-election. At the time of his announcement, Representative Leitch was the most senior Republican in the Illinois House of Representatives.
References
External links
Representative David R. Leitch (R) 73rd District at the Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th, 97th, 96th, 95th, 94th, 93rd
State Representative David R. Leitch constituency site
David Leitch at Illinois House Republican Caucus
Illinois state senators
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
1948 births
Living people
Illinois Republicans
21st-century American politicians
People from Three Rivers, Michigan
Kalamazoo College alumni
Sveinung Fjeldstad (born 26 August 1978) is a retired Norwegian football striker.
Sveinung was the first player in the Norwegian top division to fail a drug test, he tested positive for steroids during training on 21 April 2004. He was released from his contract with HamKam and was suspended in 2004 and 2005.
References
External links
Gjøvik-Lyn
Kanaripedia
1978 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Odds BK players
Hamarkameratene players
Lillestrøm SK players
Sportspeople from Gjøvik
Doping cases in association football
Norwegian sportspeople in doping cases
Association football forwards
SK Gjøvik-Lyn players
Disney's Friends for Change (also referred to as Friends for Change: Project Green) is a pro-social "green" initiative that started in the summer of 2009.
History
Disney stars stress environmental issues in the campaign, encouraging fans to take action. The year-long campaign draws on how Disney stars connect with younger fans. Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, and the Jonas Brothers were among the original stars in the 30 second to 2-minute public service announcements currently airing on Disney Channel. As part of the initiative, kids will have the ability to choose how Disney will invest one million dollars in various environmental programs. The initiative was presented instead of the 2009 and 2010 Disney Channel Games. The first Disney's Friends for Change Games premiered June 24, 2011 on Disney Channel, replacing the Disney Channel Games. A special 30 minute program called "Lights, Camera, Take Action! Backstage with Disney's Friends for Change" that was shown on Disney Channel directly after Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie, was hosted by Tiffany Thornton and directed by Michael Blum and Tracy Pion. It showcased behind-the-scenes footage during the making of the project.
When a show ends and the stars begin to transition their way out of Disney Channel, they leave the initiative as well. This is the case for the Hannah Montana and Jonas stars among the other stars that have left. , there are 36 Disney Channel stars participating in the initiative, and there are 22 former Disney Channel stars who have left the initiative.
Friends for Change Games
The first Disney's Friends for Change Games was announced for the summer of 2011, replacing the Disney Channel Games, and premiered on June 24, 2011.
Participants
Below is a list of past and present stars participating in the initiative.
Former
Donations
Send It On
Make a Wave
"Make a Wave" is a song sung by Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas for Disney's Friends for Change, a charity group formed by Disney for their "Friends for Change" campaign. The song was written by Scott Krippayne and Jeff Peabody, the same team that penned Jordin Sparks' song "This Is My Now" for American Idol. "Make a Wave" was introduced and performed at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. It was also featured in the 2009 Disneynature film Oceans.
Background
The song debuted on February 26 on Radio Disney, reaching as high as number 4 on the Top 30 Countdown, while the music video had its world premiere on Disney Channel on March 14 and launched online the following day at Disney.com. "Make a Wave" was available beginning March 15 on iTunes, with all proceeds benefiting environmental charities through the Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund. Oceans hit theaters April 22, 2010 (Earth Day). It peaked at number 84 on Billboard Hot 100.
Music video
The music video premiered on Disney Channel on March 14 and launched online the following day at Disney.com. It was directed by Michael Blum and Tracy Pion, and was filmed at Point Dume in Malibu. The video features Joe and Demi enjoying the beach and performing the song, intercut with footage from the film Oceans.
Chart performance
The song peaked at number 84 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was a success on Radio Disney's Top 30 Countdown.
Track listings
U.S. / Digital Download
"Make a Wave" (Digital Download) – 4:01
"Make a Wave" (Instrumental) – 3:48
Charts
Awards
We Can Change the World
"We Can Change the World" is a song sung by Bridgit Mendler for the Disney's Friends for Change campaign and specifically, for the first Disney's Friends for Change Games. The song was written by Joacim Persson and Mendler herself.
Background
The song premiered on Radio Disney on June 10. With its release, Disney donated $250,000 to the Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund. The song was made available for download on the Friends for Change website and on iTunes on June 11. All proceeds went to environmental charities, similar to the other songs released for the initiative.
Music video
The music video premiered on Disney Channel on June 10. It was directed by Art Spigel, director of the Disney Channel Games, and was filmed on-location at Disney Golden Oak Ranch in Los Angeles, California. The song features Mendler happily singing in a park with a camera in her hand and into a microphone. Kids from all over the world eventually join her in singing the anthem. Some of the kids include international Disney Channel stars Valeria Baroni, Jorge Blanco, Olavo Cavalheiro, Nicole Ishida, Murtuza Kutianawala and Eve Ottino.
Track listings
U.S. / Digital download
"We Can Change the World" – 3:19
U.K. / Digital download
"We Can Change the World" – 3:19
"We Can Change the World (Instrumental)" – 3:19
Release history
Rise
"Rise" is a song sung by McClain Sisters for the Disney's Friends for Change campaign for the second Disney's Friends for Change Games. It was also used in the end credits of the Disneynature film, Chimpanzee. The song was written by the McClains.
Background
The song premiered on iTunes on March 23, 2012.
Music video
The music video premiered on Vevo March 26, 2012.
Track listings
U.S. / Digital Download
"Rise" (Digital Download) – 4:11
Charts
References
External links
Disney Channel
Hollywood Records singles
Walt Disney Records singles
Environmental organizations based in the United States
2009 establishments in the United States
Aleksandar Drenovak (), born 30 December 1983 in Kraljevo is a Serbian middleweight boxer.
He lives in the Serbian spa town of Vrnjačka Banja, in the Raška District of southwestern Serbia. He is trained by his father, a former boxer.
When Drenovak qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London by placing fifth at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, Drenovak took Serbia back into the Olympic ring for the first time since 2000.
At the 2012 Olympics he beat Marlo Delgado from Ecuador, then lost 11:20 to Adem Kılıççı, eventually placing 13th in the event rankings.
In June 2015, Drenovak competed for Serbia at the first European Games in Baku. In March 2016 he was named Serbian National Boxing Champion: 75 kg middleweight.
References
External links
Profile on Serbian Olympic Committee's site
Interview (Wild Rooster) at London 2012 Olympic Games
Interview (English) at London 2012 Olympic Games
Homecoming Interview (English) after London 2012 Olympic Games
Sportal.rs (Serbian) feature regarding Gillette Fusion ProGlide sponsorship
1983 births
Living people
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Serbia
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Kraljevo
Serbian male boxers
European Games competitors for Serbia
Boxers at the 2015 European Games
The Bertolini Block, at 143 1/2 W. 200 South in Salt Lake City, Utah, was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
It is a two-story brick building whose three store spaces on its main floor long served ethnic minority businesses. It was designed by architect William Carroll, previously of Provo. It was built at cost of $5,000 for Ignazio Bertolini, an Italian-American real estate developer in Salt Lake City in the early 1890s.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Salt Lake City
Buildings and structures completed in 1892
Kanze Motoshiga (1398-1467), also On'ami, was a Japanese Noh actor who led the Kanze troupe from 1433 until his death. His relationship with Shogun Ashikaga Yoshinori (1394-1441) led to the rise of both Noh and the Kanze troupe as art forms favored by the shoguns. None of Motoshiga's plays or other writing survive.
Biography
Motoshiga had a controversial relationship with his uncle Zeami Motokiyo, the best-remembered of the Kanze playwrights. Although Zeami wanted his son Motomasa to succeed him as tayū, or head of the troupe, Motoshiga established a rival troupe that gained the favor of the shogun. The shogun preferred Motoshiga's low-brow style of performance and Motomasa fled to the provinces.
Motoshiga often played at Kōfuku Temple in Nara. The various Noh troupes were invited to three annual festivals at the temple. The temple was responsible for much of their income. Motoshiga organized theatrical festivals that went on for several days and charged admission. They were held at Tadasugawa in Kyoto in 1433 and 1464. The 1433 festival celebrated Motoshiga's ascension to tayū. In 1464, Matasaburō, Motoshiga's son was the same age his father had been at the previous festival. There was a circular stage surrounded by a viewing stand. This is the classic Noh stage, the earliest example for which diagrams survive. The shogun attended and the festival lasted for three days and featured 29 plays. Motoshiga starred in twelve of these despite the fact that he was nearly 70 at the time and had already retired as tayū.
Motoshiga was succeeded as tayū by his son Matasaburō. Motoshiga adopted the name On'ami when he became a Buddhist priest. The name reorders the syllables from "Kanzeon," the bodhisattva of compassion. The earliest usage example is from 1458. By the time he died, Noh was well on its way to becoming an art form identified with the samurai class. The Kanze troupe received the patronage of the warrior class. Kanze became the hereditary troupe of the shogun and the best actors of other troupes were required to join.
Notes
References
1398 births
1467 deaths
15th-century Japanese male actors
The Tama Talum prosecution, known in Taiwan as the Wang Guanglu case (), is a controversial criminal case in Taiwan involving the prosecution of Tama Talum, a Bunun Aborigine, for possession of an illegal firearm and poaching. Talum was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to three and a half years in prison. Following a ruling by the Council of Grand Justices which did not acquit Talum, Talum was pardoned by President Tsai Ing-wen. The case has sparked protests and much discussion of indigenous rights in Taiwan.
Case history
2013 arrest
In July 2013 Tama Talum – also known by his Chinese name Wang Guanglu () – a 54-year-old man from the Bunun tribe, went hunting in the mountains in Taitung County to obtain meat for his elderly mother. After killing a Formosan serow and a Reeve's muntjac, Talum was arrested for violation of the Controlling Guns, Ammunition and Knives Act as the shotgun he was carrying was not "home-made" (the act provides exceptions for Aborigines with home-made weapons). He was also charged with violation of the Wildlife Conservation Act as his hunt was deemed to fall outside permitted ceremonial activities. Talum did not deny the facts of the case, but maintained that his actions were not illegal. Aboriginal and human rights groups protested that hunting is an integral part of Bunun culture, and that Talum was being prosecuted for a "filial act" (i.e. hunting to provide meat for his elderly mother).
2015 conviction
After being found guilty on both charges in the case by the Hualien County District Court's 103rd Branch, in its 17th ruling on an appeal for the year 2014 (), Talum was sentenced to three years and two months in prison for possession of an illegal weapon, and seven months for violating the Wildlife Conservation Act. Part of the sentences were to run concurrently, so the total sentence was three years and six months. He was also fined NT$70,000. Community groups criticised the harshness of the sentence, and Talum was defended by a seven-person legal team from the Taitung Legal Aid Foundation, who argued that the Controlling Guns, Ammunition and Knives Act did not limit Aboriginal hunters to "home-made" weapons.
2015–2017 appeal to the Supreme Court
On 15 December 2015 Talum was due to start his prison sentence. He remained at home with his mother in Haiduan, Taitung, waiting for authorities to come for him, but the local police reported that they were waiting for orders from above. On the same day Prosecutor-General Yen Da-ho filed an extraordinary appeal to the Supreme Court, asserting that the original judgment in the case was itself illegal.
The Supreme Court, in a ruling by its seventh criminal division, found that the case had constitutional significance and referred the case to the Council of Grand Justices, Taiwan's constitutional court, in 2017, in its first ruling for that year ().
2021 Council of Grand Justices ruling and pardon
On 7 May 2021, in Interpretation No. 803 (), the Council of Grand Justices found some elements of the law unconstitutional, especially as they related to restrictions on the guns that indigenous people could own, overturning the requirement that indigenous firearms must be handmade. Nevertheless, the Court ruled that prosecutions remain constitutional if they concern the killing of endangered species.
As Talum could have found himself re-prosecuted on the offenses as they related to the killing of endangered species, President Tsai Ing-wen pardoned Tama Talum on 20 May, her first ever use of the pardon power and only the seventh pardon in Taiwanese history. Talum vows to keep hunting "until he dies", and so there is technically a possibility he could be re-tried were he to kill another animal considered endangered under Taiwanese law.
References
Taiwanese indigenous peoples
2010s in Taiwan
Gronow v Gronow, was a decision of the High Court of Australia.
It is an important case in Australian Family Law for two main propositions. The first is that there is no presumption at law that children are better off in their mother's custody. The second is that custody is a discretionary decision, and as such, is only to be overturned by an appellate court if there existed an error of law.
Background
The case involved a custody dispute. Under the relevant act, in determining the custody of the children, the court was to regard the interests of the children as the paramount consideration.
Previous High Court authority upon similar provisions in similar acts contained varying comments about the role of a mother in raising children, that on balance appeared to favour the granting of custody to mothers. However it was unclear as to whether this presumption was at law, or was merely an expression of the courts about the tendencies of factual findings. Some judgements, such as that of Glass JA of the NSW Court of Appeal clearly embraced a presumption of mothers winning custody. In one judgement he wrote: 'if the parents have separated, they are better off with their mother'.
This expressed idea of the 'preferred role of the mother' was criticized by other lower courts. Watson J, Fogarty and Lindenmayer JJ held that "We are of the opinion that the suggested "preferred" role of the mother is not a principle, a presumption, a preference, or even a norm. It is a factor to be taken into consideration where relevant" and disagreed with the approach of Glass JA.
Facts
The Gronows were married in March 1972 and had a daughter in 1974. The marriage broke down for multiple reasons, including the mother's consumption of alcohol. The couple separated in February 1977 with the daughter, then aged 2, living with the father. The father and mother consented to orders in the Family Court in April 1977 which gave the father custody and the mother access. The mother was granted custody for 4 days per fortnight from December 1977. The case came back before Evatt CJ in 1978 who found that the mother had not drunk alcohol since the separation of the parties and that, provided she continued to accept the responsibility of work and refrained from drinking she was not likely to have further problems in regard to alcohol. Evatt CJ found that the qualities of the two parents were fairly equally balanced, each being able to provide properly for the child and each was a fond and devoted parent. The factor that tipped the balance in favour of the husband was the hostility of the mother to the father displayed in the presence of the child. Evatt CJ ordered in June 1978 that the father have custody and the mother have "reasonable access".
Appeal to the Full Court
The mother appealed the decision to the Full Court, and a majority, Watson and Joske JJ allowed the appeal. Joske J, with whom Watson J agreed, concluded that the maternal grandmother was to be preferred over the paternal grandmother. Fogarty J dissented, holding that it was inappropriate for an appellate court in a custody case to substitute its own subjective assessment of the evidence for the assessment by the trial judge not only of the evidence but also of the parties as they revealed themselves in the course of the case.
Arguments
The father was granted special leave to appeal to the High Court, who argued that a decision on custody was a discretionary judgement, and an appellate court was not entitled to substitute its own discretion for that of the trial judge. That is an appeal court could only intervene if the trial judge made an error in the exercise of the discretion. The mother argued that it was proper for an appellate court to exercise an independent discretion in respect of the facts found by the trial judge. Further custody of a young girl should be given to the mother where she was otherwise satisfactory.
Judgment
Custody and the preferred role of the mother
The majority judgment is that of Mason & Wilson JJ, with whom Aickin J relevantly agreed. The judgement is critical of the views expressed by Glass JA in Epperson v Dampney, noting there was nothing to support the asserted biological and genetic basis for the relationship. They were also critical of the conclusions of the Family Court in Raby, describing it as apparently based on sociological and psychological perceptions that could not be demonstrated to be true and on which expert opinion fluctuated. The majority endorsed the middle ground in Ludlow v Hobbs, that the mother's role was an important factor to be taken into account in the exercise of the Family Court's discretion.
Murphy J, one of the architects of the Family Law Act, noted that there had been significant social change since the nineteenth century, particularly the movement of women into the workforce, accompanied by changed attitude to the roles of spouses, including their rights and duties in relation to the care of children. There was little evidence as to the validity of the 'mother principle' and the court should not be acting in the absence of such evidence. This was an appropriate subject for investigation by the Institute of Family Studies.
Stephen J adopted a different approach, delivering what McLennan says is the clearest discussion of the problem. Stephen J emphasised the question of what was in the best interests of this particular child, having regard to the qualities of each of her parents. To say the biological mother is the preferred custodian of young children, especially girls, was a presumption. Such presumptions should play only a very limited role in custody cases, stating "Even in a community of unchanging social conditions, hard and fast rules or presumptions, based only upon matters of common but not invariable experience, provide a poor basis for the assessment of human behaviour compared with detailed investigation of the individuals in question." In this case the trial judge had detailed evidence about each of the parents such that no presumption was necessary. The trial judge had concluded that each of the parents had much to offer the child and there was little to choose between them. As such different minds might form different views as to the best interests of the child.
Appeals from a discretionary decision
A second issue in the case was the proper function of an appellate court in considering a challenge to the exercise of judicial discretion, such as a decision in a custody matter. The majority of the High Court rejected the proposition that a decision on custody was an inference to be drawn from the facts found by the trial judge, which an appellate court was in as good a position as the trial judge to draw and that Warren v Coombes, had not changed the "settled principles of law" that applied to an appeal from a discretionary decision.
Murphy J disagreed that the role of an appellate court depended on whether the matter was discretionary or not, holding that the duty of an appellate court was to give the judgment it thought was warranted.
The time since the judgment
The third issue in the proceeding concerned the lapse of time between the decision of Evatt CJ and the decision of the High Court. Stephen J allowing the appeal would involve yet another change in the custody of the girl in circumstances where the elapsed time of a year was more than a quarter of her life. Stephen J would have stayed the operation of the order to allow the mother to apply for a variation of the custody order. Murphy J would have remitted the matter to Evatt CJ to hear evidence as to the present circumstances of the child and the effect of another change in custody. The majority however allowed the appeal which restored the child to the custody of the father. Following the handing down of the High Court decision, the mother made a fresh application to Evatt CJ and this application was granted.
Significance
The case is regarded as a significant precedent in the area of presumptions about the role of gender in custody applications. The case is part of the Higher School Certificate legal studies curriculum.
In 1995 the Family Law Act was amended to emphasise the importance of the continuation of joint parental responsibility following the breakdown of parental relationships. In 2003 the Australian Institute of Family Studies submitted that :The diversity of families and children's situations reinforces the conclusion that no single post-divorce arrangement is in the best interests of all children.
Most studies indicate that the interests of children post-divorce are generally best served when children can maintain ongoing and frequent contact with both parents who co-operate and communicate with low levels of conflict.
Since 2006 the Court is required to "consider whether the child spending equal time with each of the parents would be in the best interests of the child" and whether it was reasonably practicable. The High Court held in MRR v GR that these are statutory conditions which must be fulfilled before the Court has power to make a parenting order.
Notes
References
High Court of Australia cases
1980 in case law
1980 in Australian law
Australian family law
Jan Kuchta (born 8 January 1997) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a forward for Czech club Sparta Prague, on loan from Lokomotiv Moscow, and the Czech Republic national team.
Club career
Slavia Prague
Kuchta made his Czech First League debut for Slavia Prague on 8 November 2015 in a game against Bohemians.
In January 2019, he joined Teplice on loan until June 2020.
In February 2020, Kuchta signed for Slovan Liberec on a permanent deal, following a loan move at the club. In July 2020, Kuchta re-signed for Slavia Prague. Kuchta finished the 2020–21 Czech First League as joint top scorer, alongside Adam Hložek with 15 goals. In the final match of the season on 29 May 2021, Kuchta scored his side's winning goal against Dynamo České Budějovice which confirmed an undefeated league season for Slavia, the first time a Czech club reached this milestone since rivals Sparta Prague did so in 2009–10.
Lokomotiv Moscow
On 12 January 2022, Kuchta signed a contract with Russian Premier League club Lokomotiv Moscow until 2026.
He made his league debut for Lokomotiv on 6 March 2022 against FC Khimki and scored the winning goal in a 3–2 victory. However, he never served a disqualification that he received for getting sent off in his last game for Slavia, and, according to FIFA regulations, was not eligible to play, FC Khimki filed a protest. The protest was denied on 10 March 2022, according to Russian Football Union, Kuchta should have been disqualified for the Russian Cup game Lokomotiv played against Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 3 March and lost 4–0, as Czech regulations extend disqualifications to Cup games, even though Russian regulations do not, so he was technically disqualified for "one league or Cup game" as opposed to "one league game". Lokomotiv did not provide the document detailing the disqualification to the league, the club claimed they did not receive it during the transfer, and he was allowed by the RFU to play in the Cup game. His disqualification is considered served after that game, even though he actually played in it, as per FIFA regulations. Khimki considered lodging an appeal.
Sparta Prague (loan)
In June 2022, Kuchta joined Sparta Prague on a one-year long loan with an option for a permanent transfer. In his first match for Sparta Prague in the Czech First League (2–1 home loss against Slovan Liberec) ge stepped on Liberec goalkeeper Olivier Vliegen's head and received a yellow card, which the referee changed to a red card after he saw video footage. Kuchta was banned for five league matches by LFA Disciplinary Commission. The club with Kuchta appealed against his ban, but the appeal was rejected by Appeals Committee on 11 August 2022.
International career
Kuchta made his debut for the Czech Republic national team on 8 October 2021 in a 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Czech Republic's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Kuchta goal.
Honours
Slavia Prague
Czech First League: 2020–21
Czech Cup: 2020–21
Individual
Czech First League top scorer: 2020–21
References
External links
Jan Kuchta Official Czech First League statistics
National Team profile
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Liberec
Czech footballers
Association football forwards
Czech Republic international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Czech First League players
Czech National Football League players
Russian Premier League players
SK Slavia Prague players
Bohemians 1905 players
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
1. FC Slovácko players
FK Teplice players
FC Slovan Liberec players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
AC Sparta Prague players
Czech expatriate footballers
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
"Kannski Varð Bylting Vorið 2009" is EGÓ's first song in 25 years. It was released on January 10, 2009. Bubbi first performed the song at a radio show Poppland at Rás 2 on January 5. On January 7, EGÓ recorded the song at Stúdíó Sýrland. EGÓ also recorded another song by Bubbi called "Fallega Þú" but later got the name “Í Hjarta Mér”. All of their albums have been recorded at Hljóðrita in Hafnarfjörður except that one. The single was released to promote EGÓ's upcoming album 6. Október but for some reasons the song was not included on the album.
Track listing
Personnel
Arnar Geir Ómarsson – drums
Bergþór Morthens – electric guitar
Bubbi Morthens – vocals, electric guitar & acoustic guitar
Hrafn Thoroddsen – orgel
Jakob Magnússon – bass
Charts
External links
Studio Sýrland
The song at Tónlist.is
Sena
2009 singles
Icelandic songs
2009 songs
Kizhakeyil Lukose Sebastian (K. L. Sebastian) is a professor of chemistry at the department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry of Indian Institute of Technology, Palakkad, India. Prior to becoming a professor at IIT Palakkad, he was a professor of chemistry at the department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry at Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, for about 20 years.
Education
He did his Bachelor of Science (special degree) from the University of Kerala and his Master of Science from the University of Calicut. He stood first in the university when he completed his undergraduate and post graduate studies. In 1976 he received his PhD in chemistry from IISc.
Career
After completing his PhD Prof. Sebastian joined the Calicut University as Reader and Lecturer. He started working as a Professor in the Cochin University of Science and Technology in 1984. He has been Professor of Physical and Inorganic Chemistry at the Indian Institute of Science ever since 1996.
He is one of the leading theoretical chemists of India working on the applications of quantum mechanics and statistical mechanics in chemistry and chemical physics. The topics studied include molecular devices, nanotechnology and surfaces, molecular ratchets, equilibrium and non-equilibrium statistical mechanics of polymers, biophysical chemistry and chemical dynamics. Prof. Sebastian has authored more than 110 papers on various aspects of theoretical chemistry, chemical physics and polymer physics.
He is also a member of the editorial boards of several reputed scientific journals published by institutions such as the Indian Academy of Sciences.
Apart from his research work he also teaches at various levels, including undergraduate students.
Awards and honors
Fellow of Indian Academy of Sciences, the Indian National Science Academy.
Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in Chemical Science by the Government of India.
Swadeshi Sastra Puraskar (1996).
J. C. Bose National Fellowship by the Department of Science & Technology (DST) (2008-2013).
Amrut Modi Chair Professor in the Chemical Sciences Division of Indian Institute of Science (2008-2011).
His research topics include path integral representation of Fractional Brownian motion, ring closing opening dynamics in polymers, first passage time calculation in phase space, energy transfer between molecule and graphene, quantum coherence etc. He introduced what is known as the kink mechanism for the translocation of long chain molecule through a nano-pore. In other words, Kramers problem for the long chain molecule. He also developed the time dependent version of the coupled cluster theory (CCT) and applied to a problem of ion neutralization scattered from a surface of a metal. He has also proposed an analytical model to elucidate the mechanism of protein transport across the nuclear pore complex. In recent years he got interested in coherences in photosystems and quantum biology in general. Along with his PhD student, he proposed an almost analytical method to analyze the time evolution of the FMO complex. More recently he has started working on Levy flights which involves long jumps and on the dynamics of a tracer in a heterogeneous medium, where diffusivity is a fluctuating quantity.
References
External links
K. L. Sebastian, , Understanding chemical phenomena using Statistical and Quantum Mechanics
K. L. Sebastian, The Development of the Concept of Atoms and Molecules
Living people
Indian Institute of Science faculty
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Chemical Science
University of Kerala alumni
University of Calicut alumni
Scientists from Bangalore
Scientists from Kerala
Indian Institute of Science alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Berit Stensønes (19 February 1956 – 5 June 2022) was a Norwegian mathematician specializing in complex analysis and complex dynamics and known for her work on several complex variables. She was a professor of mathematical sciences at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), and a professor emerita at the University of Michigan.
Education
Stensønes completed her Ph.D. in 1985 at Princeton University. Her dissertation, Envelopes of Holomorphy, was supervised by John Erik Fornæss.
Book
With John Erik Fornæss, Stensønes was an author of the book Lectures on Counterexamples in Several Complex Variables (AMS Chelsea Publishing, American Mathematical Society, 1987; reprinted 2007).
Recognition
Stensønes was a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters.
References
1956 births
2022 deaths
Norwegian mathematicians
Norwegian women mathematicians
Princeton University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
Norwegian University of Science and Technology faculty
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
Hesar Mehtar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Mehtar; also known as Ḩeşār) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 226, in 57 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Md Jahangir Al Mustahidur Rahman is a Bangladesh Army Major General. In his civil career he was the chairman of Bangladesh Tea Board. He is currently appointed as the Bangladeshi Ambassador to Lebanon.
Early life
Rahman was born on 5 July 1967 in Tangail District, East Pakistan, Pakistan. He joined Bangladesh Military Academy and was commission into the Bangladesh Army Service Corps on 25 December 1986. He completed his undergraduate and graduate degrees from the National University of Bangladesh. He graduated from the Defence Services Command and Staff College and received command training in Pakistan.
Career
Rahman served as the commander of a Supply and Transport Battalion. He was the commanding officer of a Station Supply Depot. He worked as an Assistant Military Secretary in the Bangladesh Army headquarters. He held a number of positions in the military intelligence agency, Directorate General of Forces Intelligence. He worked as an instructor in the Bangladesh Military Academy and Army Service Corps School. He was deployed in United Nations Iraq–Kuwait Observation Mission in 1991. He was promoted to commandant of the Army Service Corps Centre and School. He was then transferred to the Army headquarters where he worked as the director of Supply and Transport Directorate. He served as the Managing Director of the Bangladesh Army owned Bangladesh Machine Tools Factory. He served as the Deputy Chief Supply Officer of the United Nations Mission in Sudan. He served in the United Nations Mission in Liberia as its Deputy Chief of Integrated Support Services.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
1967 births
Ambassadors of Bangladesh to Lebanon
People from Tangail District
Research Centre for Mediterranean Relations (MEDAlics) is established in Dante Alighieri University for Foreigners in 2010 and it was originated from the goal of the Global Network for the Economics of Learning (Globelics), Innovation, and Competence Building Systems.
Research key domains:
Building the Mediterranean research area on knowledge, learning, innovation and competence building Systems;
Study the Innovation Approach for the Integration and Development of the Mediterranean area;
Inclusive and Sustainable Innovation Systems in the Region;
Innovation to deal with the impact of the Globalization of Mediterranean region.
MEDAlics has implemented and still maintains a management system, which complies with the standards ISO 9001:2008 (Quality management systems) for research and development activities in Socio-Economics sciences and Engineering fields (EA34).
See also
Università per stranieri "Dante Alighieri" di Reggio Calabria
External links
2010 establishments in Italy
The Bima () was a bucket-line dredge. It was built to mine tin in offshore Malaysia and Indonesia. In the late 1980s, it was moved to Nome, Alaska, USA, to mine seafloor placer gold deposits in the Bering Sea off the coast. Being unprofitable at gold mining in Nome, it was sold for scrap in 1990. The barge is the largest barge to operate out of Nome for gold mining, being some 14 storeys tall. The Bima was the last commercial-scale dredging operation to operate out of Nome at sea. Prior commercial-scale land-side bucket dredges had all already shutdown by the time Bima started up.
Specifications
Height: 14 storeys
Displacement: 15,000 ton
Length:
History
Bima was built in Singapore in 1976, by Billiton Mining, a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell, to mine tin off Malaysia. It was launched in 1979, to dredge tin ore in the seas off Indonesia. It was bought by Inspiration Gold Company for US$20 million, and moved to Alaska, to dredge gold in the Bering Sea off of Nome in 1986. As a gold dredge, it operated with a crew of 95, for two shifts of 48. It concluded its gold mining in 1990, and moved to Seattle, Washington, USA, to be auctioned off, as it had been unprofitable in mining gold, though it mined of gold. At the time it was owned by Western Gold Exploration and Mining Co. of Golden, Colorado, USA; a subsidiary of Inspiration Resources Corp. of New York State, USA. It ended up being sold for scrap.
References
See also
Myrtle Irene
Tuvli 160
Christine Rose (dredge)
AU Grabber
Bering Sea Gold
Ships of Malaysia
Ships of Singapore
Ships of Indonesia
Ships of the United States
Dredgers
The 1977 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the North Carolina Tar Heels of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 1977 NCAA Division I football season.
Schedule
Roster
RB Amos Lawrence, Fr.
References
North Carolina
North Carolina Tar Heels football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
North Carolina Tar Heels football
Events from the year 1998 in Argentina
Incumbents
President: Carlos Menem
Vice president: Carlos Ruckauf
Governors
Governor of Buenos Aires Province: Eduardo Duhalde
Governor of Catamarca Province: Arnoldo Castillo
Governor of Chaco Province: Ángel Rozas
Governor of Chubut Province: Carlos Maestro
Governor of Córdoba: Ramón Mestre
Governor of Corrientes Province: Pedro Braillard Poccard
Governor of Entre Ríos Province: Jorge Busti
Governor of Formosa Province: Gildo Insfrán
Governor of Jujuy Province: Eduardo Fellner
Governor of La Pampa Province: Rubén Marín
Governor of La Rioja Province: Ángel Maza
Governor of Mendoza Province: Arturo Lafalla
Governor of Misiones Province: Ramón Puerta
Governor of Neuquén Province: Felipe Sapag
Governor of Río Negro Province: Pablo Verani
Governor of Salta Province: Juan Carlos Romero
Governor of San Juan Province: Jorge Escobar
Governor of San Luis Province: Adolfo Rodríguez Saá
Governor of Santa Cruz Province: Néstor Kirchner
Governor of Santa Fe Province: Jorge Obeid
Governor of Santiago del Estero: Carlos Juárez
Governor of Tierra del Fuego: José Arturo Estabillo
Governor of Tucumán: Antonio Domingo Bussi
Vice Governors
Vice Governor of Buenos Aires Province: Rafael Romá
Vice Governor of Catamarca Province: Simón Hernández
Vice Governor of Chaco Province: Miguel Pibernus
Vice Governor of Corrientes Province: Victor Hugo Maidana
Vice Governor of Entre Rios Province: Héctor Alanis
Vice Governor of Formosa Province: Floro Bogado
Vice Governor of Jujuy Province: vacant
Vice Governor of La Pampa Province: Manuel Baladrón
Vice Governor of La Rioja Province: Miguel Ángel Asís
Vice Governor of Misiones Province: Julio Alberto Ifrán
Vice Governor of Nenquen Province: Ricardo Corradi
Vice Governor of Rio Negro Province: Bautista Mendioroz
Vice Governor of Salta Province: Walter Wayar
Vice Governor of San Juan Province: Rogelio Rafael Cerdera
Vice Governor of San Luis Province: Mario Merlo
Vice Governor of Santa Cruz: Eduardo Arnold
Vice Governor of Santa Fe Province: Gualberto Venesia
Vice Governor of Santiago del Estero: Darío Moreno
Vice Governor of Tierra del Fuego: Miguel Ángel Castro
Events
12 April - The 1998 Argentine Grand Prix is held at Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires, and is won by Michael Schumacher.
12 September - The Argentina national rugby union team plays the first match in its tour of Japan and Europe.
Deaths
3 May - René Mugica, actor, film director and screenwriter (born 1909)
17 October - Antonio Agri, violinist, composer and conductor (born 1932)
See also
List of Argentine films of 1998
References
Years of the 20th century in Argentina
Argentina
1990s in Argentina
Argentina
Browns Corner or Brown's Corners may refer to:
Browns Corner, Indiana
Browns Corner, Virginia (disambiguation), multiple locations
Browns Corner, West Virginia
Brown's Corners, Ontario (disambiguation), several places in Canada
Biddle Street is a neighborhood in east Baltimore, Maryland, Unites states.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
East Baltimore
CHLI-FM, or Rossland Community Radio Co-operative, was a volunteer-led co-operative community radio station in Rossland, British Columbia, Canada.
History
The co-operative applied for a low-power broadcast license with the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, with the aim to broadcast at 5 watts of power on the FM dial at 101.1 with the call letters CHLI, and the station was given approval by the CRTC on May 15, 2008. As of March 2008, the co-op had more than 75 members and was housed in the Rossland United Church building. Rossland Radio Coop began official broadcasting on December 31, 2008.
The station was one of several new community radio stations launched in the Kootenay region in the 2000s. Others include CJLY-FM in Nelson, CFAD-FM in Salmo, CJHQ-FM in Nakusp and CIDO-FM in Creston.
On April 29, 2011, Rossland Radio Cooperative received CRTC approval to operate a new FM community radio station in Rossland, British Columbia on the frequency of 101.1 MHz.
In October 2013 the station was put on hiatus due to lack of interest and funds (according to their Facebook page). As of April 2014 it is still off-air, and the licence has since been deleted.
Shows
RRC aired several Rossland-based shows, like Sesn-a-tonin, as well as a few syndicated programs, like Pacifica Radio's Democracy Now!, and Kootenay Coop Radio's food-issues program Deconstructing Dinner.
References
External links
Rossland Radio
Hli
Hli
Media cooperatives in Canada
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in British Columbia
Radio stations disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in British Columbia
HLI-FM
Kantapol Sompittayanurak () is a Thai professional footballer who plays for Lampang in the Thai League 2.
Honour
Nongbua Pitchaya
Thai League 2 Champions : 2020–21
External links
Goal.com
Players Profile - info.thscore.com
1989 births
Living people
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Association football defenders
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Kantapol Sompittayanurak
Ebtekar () is a Persian-language newspaper published in Tehran, Iran.
History and profile
Mohammad Ali Vakili is the licence holder and managing director of Ebtekar which is based in Tehran. The paper has a reformist stance and focuses on political, cultural, social and economic news.
Ebtekar was banned by the media court in April 2014 for "spreading lies" about removal of the prisons' chief, Gholam Hossein Ismaili, due to his violent acts against political prisoners. It was the third reformist paper closed down following the presidency of Hasan Rouhani in August 2013. The paper was relaunched four days after its closure on 30 April 2014.
References
External links
2006 establishments in Iran
Newspapers published in Tehran
Persian-language newspapers
Publications established in 2006
Oberschweinbach is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
Janez "Jani" Pate (born 6 October 1965) is a Slovenian football manager and former player.
Career statistics
International goals
References
External links
PrvaLiga profile
Living people
1965 births
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Yugoslav footballers
Slovenian footballers
Association football midfielders
Slovenia international footballers
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (1945–2005) players
Pierikos F.C. players
Alki Larnaca FC players
NK Primorje players
NK Triglav Kranj players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) players
Cypriot First Division players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Slovenian football managers
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) managers
Gwyn Thomas (2 September 1936 – 13 April 2016) was a Welsh poet and academic. He was the second National Poet of Wales, holding the role between 2006 and 2008.
Early life and education
Born in Tanygrisiau, Gwynedd, and brought up there and in Blaenau Ffestiniog, Thomas was educated at Ysgol Sir Ffestiniog, University of Wales, Bangor and Jesus College, Oxford; Prof Thomas was a Emeritus Professor of Welsh at the University of Wales, Bangor.
Career
Thomas published 16 volumes of poetry, several volumes of work as a literary and cultural critic and also translated the Mabinogion into English. His first work as a poet Chwerwder yn y Ffynhonnau ("Bitterness in the Fountains") was published in 1962, while his last, Hen Englynion - Diweddariadau, was published in 2015 by Barddas. As a literary and cultural critic, he published several volumes of essays, critiques, adaptations and translations, including the classic Y Traddodiad Barddol – a study of the classic poetic tradition of Wales. Thomas was also involved with the film industry in Wales, and helped pioneer techniques to combine poetry and film.
In 2006, Thomas published his autobiography, entitled Bywyd Bach (Small Life), having been asked to contribute to the series Cyfres y Cewri (Series of the Giants).
Also in 2006, Thomas was appointed National Poet of Wales by Academi, replacing Wales first national poet Gwyneth Lewis. Thomas said he would use the 12-month appointment to draw attention to the work of Welsh poets.
Thomas provided the words for many "inspirational" books and added his touch to a photographic book entitled Blaenau Ffestiniog.
As Welsh National Poet, Thomas was commissioned to write five stanzas celebrating the opening in June 2009 of Hafod Eryri, the new summit building at the top of Snowdon. Inscribed on the buildings and windows, in both English and Welsh, they read:
Thomas and Margaret Jones won three annual Tir na n-Og Awards from the Welsh Books Council for the previous year's best Welsh-language children's nonfiction book. Their award-winning collaborations were
Culhwch ac Olwen in 1989, Chwedl Taliesin in 1993, and Stori Dafydd ap Gwilym in 2004. The first two were published by Gwasg Prifysgol Cymru (University of Wales Press), the latter by Y Lolfa.
Works
Poetry
Chwerwder yn y Ffynhonnau ('Bitterness in the Wells') (1962)
Y Weledigaeth Haearn ('The Iron Vision') (1965)
Ysgyrion Gwaed ('Blood Splinters') (1967)
Enw'r Gair ('The Name of the Word') (1972)
Y Pethau Diwethaf a Phethau Eraill ('The Last Things and Other Things') (1975)
Cadwynau yn y Meddwl ('Chains in the Mind')
Croesi Traeth ('Crossing a Beach') (1978)
Symud y Lliwiau ('Moving the Colours') (1981)
Living a Life: Selected Poems 1962-1982; selected and introduced by Joseph P. Clancy with translations by Joseph P. Clancy and Gwyn Thomas) (1982)
Wmgawa ('Umgawah' an attempt to convey Tarzan's sound) (1984)
Is Ryw Hyd ('For an Allotted Time') (1986)
Gwelaf Afon ('I see a River') (1990)
Darllen y Meini ('Reading the Stones') (1998)
Gweddnewidio: Detholiad o Gerddi 1962-1986 ('Changing Appearance: Selected Poems 1962-1986') (2000)
Apocalups Yfory ("Apocalypse Tomorrow") (2005)
Teyrnas y Tywyllwch ('The Kingdom of Darkness') (2007)
Murmuron Tragwyddoldeb a Chwningod Tjioclet ('Murmurings of Eternity and Chocolate Bunnies') (2010)
Profiadau Intergalactig ('Intergalactic Experiences')
See also
References
External links
1936 births
2016 deaths
People from Blaenau Ffestiniog
Alumni of Bangor University
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Welsh-language poets
Welsh-speaking academics
Academics of Bangor University
21st-century Welsh poets
21st-century Welsh writers
The Timor oriole (Oriolus melanotis) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. It is endemic to the Lesser Sundas, where it is found on Timor, Rote and Semau Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Wetar oriole (O. finschi), found on Wetar and Atauro Islands, was originally described as a separate species but was later reclassified as a subspecies. However, more recent revisions to the IOC World Bird List have found it to be a distinct species. The two species were formerly grouped together as olive-brown oriole.
References
Timor oriole
Timor oriole
Birds of Timor
Timor oriole
Timor oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2008–09 Duke Blue Devils women's basketball team represented Duke University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I basketball season. The Blue Devils were coached by Joanne P. McCallie, (also known as Coach P) and the Blue Devils played their home games at Cameron Indoor Stadium in Durham, North Carolina. The Blue Devils are a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Blue Devils reached the 25-win mark for the 11th straight season, collected their 12th straight 10-win ACC season. McCallie guided Duke to a 14-0 record at home in Cameron Indoor Stadium marking only the second time in school history the Blue Devils have gone undefeated at home. Duke was also a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament for the seventh time in school history and the third time out of the last four years.
Offseason
Regular season
Roster
Schedule
Player stats
Postseason
NCAA basketball tournament
Berkeley Regional
Duke 83, Austin Peay 42
2008-09 Michigan State Spartans women's basketball team 63, Duke 49
Awards and honors
Chante Black, ACC Defensive Player of the Year
Chante Black, John R. Wooden Award finalist
Chante Black, State Farm All-America team
Chante Black, USBWA All-America first team
Chante Black, third team Associated Press All-America,
Chante Black, All-ACC
Chante Black, All-ACC Defensive team
Chante Black, midseason candidate for the Naismith Award.
Carrem Gay, All-ACC Tournament first team
Abby Waner, 2009 Robin Roberts/WBCA Broadcasting Scholarship and was a finalist for the Lowe's Senior Class Award in 2009.
Jasmine Thomas, ESPN The Magazine Academic All-District III
Jasmine Thomas, All-ACC Academic Team honors
Abby Waner, All-ACC Tournament first team selection
Team awards
Team awards were voted on by team members and staff
Chante Black, Best Rebounder
Chante Black, Player of the Year awards
Abby Waner, Assist Maker award
Abby Waner, Best Free Throw Shooter award
Carrem Gay, The Meanest Mother on the Court Award (represents the Blue Devil that does the dirty work, including assists, steals and leads the team in floor burns).
Keturah Jackson, Best Defender award
Karima Christmas, Sixth Player of the Year
Karima Christmas, Most Improved
Team players drafted into the WNBA
April 23: Carrem Gay has signed a training camp contract with the Connecticut Sun of the WNBA. Gay, who is from New York, N.Y., averaged 6.6 points, 5.1 rebounds and 1.7 steals for the Blue Devils in 2008-09.
See also
2008-09 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team
References
Duke Blue Devils women's basketball seasons
Duke
Duke
Leo Väisänen (born 23 July 1997) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for IF Elfsborg in the Swedish Allsvenskan and the Finland national team. Väisänen was born in Helsinki, Finland. He began his senior club career playing for HJK and RoPS, before signing with Den Bosch at age 21 in 2018.
Club career
HJK
Väisänen made his Veikkausliiga debut for HJK on 14 April 2016 in a game against RoPS.
RoPS
In November 2016 he signed a two-year contract with RoPS. He made his debut on 12 April 2017, playing the full 90 minutes of a 6–2 defeat at Inter Turku.
Den Bosch
In August 2018 Väisanen was signed by the Dutch side FC Den Bosch.
Elfsborg
On 12 January 2020 Väisänen joined Swedish club IF Elfsborg on a 3,5-year contract.
International career
He made his Finland national football team debut on 11 June 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Liechtenstein, as an 86th-minute substitute for Jukka Raitala.
Väisänen was called up for the UEFA Euro 2020 pre-tournament friendly match against Sweden on 29 May 2021. On 12 June 2021 Väisänen came in as a 90th minute substitute for Jukka Raitala in a UEFA Euro 2020 match against Denmark.
Personal life
He is the younger brother of Sauli Väisänen. Their mother Anna-Liisa Tilus-Väisänen is a television presenter for Yle and Miss World 1984 semi-finalist.
Career statistics
Club
International
.
Honours
Club
Klubi 04
Kakkonen Eastern Group: 2015
References
External links
IF Elfsborg official profile
Leo Väisänen – SPL competition record
Leo Väisänen at Eu-Football.info
1997 births
Living people
Footballers from Helsinki
Association football defenders
Finnish footballers
Finnish expatriate footballers
Finland youth international footballers
Finland under-21 international footballers
Finland international footballers
Klubi 04 players
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi players
PK-35 Vantaa (men) players
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
Käpylän Pallo players
FC Den Bosch players
IF Elfsborg players
Veikkausliiga players
Kakkonen players
Eerste Divisie players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Justice Lucas may refer to:
Daniel B. Lucas, associate justice of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
Malcolm Lucas, chief justice of the Supreme Court California
Raymond B. Lucas, associate justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
Joaquin Valenzuela (c. 1820 – 1853 or 1858) was a Sonoran fortyniner who came to California in 1849, during the California Gold Rush, with a small band of people from the vicinity of their hometown with Joaquin Murrieta. He subsequently became one of the leaders of the Five Joaquins Gang. Descendants of his family and those of former gang members said he died in 1853, at the hands of the California Rangers on Cantua Creek. The San Luis Obispo Vigilantes claim he was still alive when they took him to be hanged for his crimes with the Five Joaquins Gang in San Luis Obispo in 1858.
Life
Joaquin Valenzuela and his brothers were born in Pueblo de Murrieta on the Rancho Tapizuelas, in southern Sonora near the border with Sinaloa. He and his brothers were cousins of Joaquin Murrieta. Joaquin Valenzuela came to California with his four brothers in 1849; with Joaquin Murrieta and his fiancé Rosa Féliz and three of her brothers Jesus, Claudio and Reyes Feliz; two of Joaquin Murrieta's Spanish born Murrieta cousins Joaquin Juan and Martin Murrieta that lived in nearby El Chinal; and several other men from Pueblo de Murrieta and its vicinity on the Rancho Tapizuelas. He later became one of the leaders of the Five Joaquins Gang, responsible for leading the gang's organized gathering of mustangs and stolen horses in California, and with his brother Teodoro, for their transport to Sonora and sale there.
The Daily Alta California, reported on August 5, 1853 about Captain Love returning from the fight on the Cantua:
Death, July 25, 1853
Joaquin Valenzuela is said by various surviving gang members or their descendants, to have been one of the several unnamed gang members killed by the California Rangers during their attack on the gang at the Arroyo de Cantua, on July 25, 1853. He was later buried, with his head and both of his hands, by these gang members, and also according to them, the burial party included Joaquin Murrieta himself, who had been away in the mountains and had not been in the skirmish.
According to the descendants of the family and former gang members the gang had been closing down their operation, gathering up and sending off the last of their droves of horses and leaving for Sonora when the Rangers struck.
Official death, 1858
Joaquin Valenzuela's brother Jesus Valenzuela had a nickname dating from his childhood in Pueblo de Murrieta, Ocho Moreno, and was also one of the named Five Joaquins Gang members, known to the State of California as Joaquin Ocomorenia. Jesus took his brother's name as an alias after Joaquin Valenzuela was killed at Arroyo Cantua. Under his name Jesus Valenzuela, became an acknowledged associate of Jack Powers and Pio Linares but still called himself Ochomorenia. Under the name Joaquin Valenzuela, Jesus worked on the Rancho San Emidio, living there with his family, but was known by some as a former Murrieta gang member.
In 1858, following the murders, robbery and kidnapping at the Rancho San Juan Capistrano del Camate, Jesus was arrested by a San Luis Obispo vigilante posse searching the Rancho San Emidio for the Rancho San Juan murderers. He was recognized by several persons as Joaquin Ocomorenia, thought to be the alias of Joaquin Valenzuela, of the Five Joaquins Gang named in the 1853 bill authorizing the California Rangers to hunt down that gang.
On the basis of that identification as Joaquin Valenzuela he was arrested by the vigilantes who had believed Jesus was Joaquin Valenzuela who they believed went by an alias Joaquin Ocomorenia.
The Daily Alta California, reported on June 3, 1858 on his fate:
"Another Lynch Execution in San Luis Obispo County. — The Santa Cruz Sentinel of the 22d ultimo, informed us that one of the gang which committed the Baratier murder, was hanged in San Luis Obispo county on the 13th ult.; the day after the murder. The Sentinel of the 29th ult. says: "The next day (the 14th ultimo] a party of men, headed by the Sheriff, went in pursuit of the murderers, saw them once on a mountain, but lost them again. They returned to town with a Sonoran named Joaquin Valenzuela, alias Joaquin Ocomorenia, one of Joaquin Valezuela's crowd or gang of robbers. A Vigilance Committee was formed instantly. They tried Joaquin, found him guilty of murder, rape, and kidnapping an American child on the Merced river some time ago. He was then hanged."
Jesus did not alert them of their mistake and after a trial by the San Luis Obispo Vigilance Committee, he was hung under his brothers name. Later after Valenzuela had been executed, when Desiderio Grijalva was questioned after his capture, Grijalva disclosed that he had shot from behind, John Gilkey, a witness to their presence nearby at the time of the Rancho San Juan robbery and murders. He said that Jesus Valenzuela had afterwards dragged Gilkey fifty yards at the end of his riata.
Walter Murray a leading member of the San Luis Obispo Vigilance Committee and its apologist wrote to the San Francisco Bulletin:
"This man is also an old accomplice of Jack Powers, spoke of him as his patron, and is a man steeped to the lips in guilt. He is well known at the mouth of the River Merced, and on the San Joaquin, and owes justice a score which fifty lives can never pay. He was hung in full sight of the whole people of San Luis, in broad daylight, by the voice and assistance of all the respectable men of the county, and died acknowledging his guilt, asking pardon of his friends, and warning all malefactors not to tell their secrets, even to their own countrymen. "Porqite asi se pierde" said he — that is: "Thus you loose yourself."
Murray and the Committee unaware they had just hung Jesus Valenzuela, after a long, futile search by the vigilantes, believed Jesus Valenzuela had escaped their punishment for his crimes with the gang of Pio Linares at Rancho San Juan Capistrano del Camate. If Latta's informants were correct then Jesus Valenzuela had been executed and paid for his part in the Rancho San Juan robbery and murders and all his earlier crimes with the Five Joaquins Gang.
Later dispute over Joaquin Valenzuela's Innocence
The Los Angeles Clamor Publico gave a long account of the lynchings in San Luis Obispo county, and was very indignant about them. The Daily Alta California, of 4 June 1858 translated a portion of a long editorial on the subject including this about Joaquin Valenzuela:
"Thus it is that justice is executed in this country, where they pretend there are laws, and rights and liberty. They lie! Here when they pretend to punish a crime, they commit another still greater."
"Following the example of the other towns of California in similar cases, a Committee of Vigilance was formed [in San Luis Obispo.] Parties of men started out in all directions to arrest suspected persons. A few days afterwards, this rabble, styling itself "The People," publicly executed, in San Luis Obispo, an innocent man, named Joaquin Valenzuela, generally known by the nickname of "Nacamereno." Don David W. Alexander, who has just arrived in this city, on whose ranch the unfortunate man was employed, says he was torn from his labor and the bosom of his family, and that he had never left his home for a moment. Here then is another deed of blood which will be a mark of infamy forever on the reformers of the morality and law in San Luis Obispo."
Walter Murray wrote in the Bulletin a reply to the Clamor Publico about Joaquin Valenzuela:
"Now we come to the innocent Joaquin Valenzuela. This man has never been charged with either the Nacimiento or the San Juan Capistrano murders. But he was an acquaintance and comrade of the murderers — brother to one, chum to another, and was proven before the committee to be as full of crime as an egg is full of meat. In 1853 he was a partner of Joaquin Murietta — the veritable Joaquin. It is notorious that he was one of the five Joaquins upon whose heads Governor Bigler set a price, and to catch whom Capt. Harry Love's Company of mounted rangers was organized.
"Just before that time he kidnapped an American child, Anne, daughter of an American named Smith, and brought her down to the San Joaquin River, where he and his Mexican female partner brought her up to learn Spanish and hate the Gringos. The Americans living there took the child away, and advertised for her relatives. The father made his appearance and claimed his child. He accompanied this Joaquin across the ferry on the San Joaquin, at the mouth of the River Merced. Joaquin returned; Smith never. The inference is that Smith was killed by the black villain. A skeleton supposed to be his was afterwards found a league or two from the ferry. I refer for these facts to D. P. Brown, of Stockton; to the mother of the child who lives there now, and to those who lived at and near the mouth of the River Merced, in the years 1853-54."
Murray went on about Valenzuela's association with Jack Powers:
"When the Harry Love's Ranger Law was passed, this Joaquin Valenzuela, alias Ocomorenia, came down to the Tulares and to Santa Barbara County. Here he made acquaintance with Jack Powers. In his company Powers inured himself to fatigue on horseback "in the pursuit of stolen or strayed cattle," as the great Jack's eulogist has it, but which rightly interpreted means, "in stealing his neighbor's cattle." There is evidence before the committee here, which will one day be printed, showing that Powers and Joaquin Valenzuela stole cattle together from Guadalupe, Santa Maria, and Nipomo, and drove them to the mines by way of the Tulares. He has been engaged in this nefarious pursuit off and on ever since he came to this section of the country. He was captain of a band of robbers near Purissima, in Santa Barbara County, nearly two years ago, and committed several robberies there. ... When he was being brought in, he told Captain Mallagh that he thought he ought not to be molested, as he had condescended to be honest for a year past."
"This man was invited by Jack Powers at Santa Margarita, on the night of the horse-race there, on November 30th last, to take part in the murder at the Nacimiento. He replied, "I have formerly been in such things, as you know, but I have given it up." He declined going. When arrested, and asked if he knew Powers, he said yes, he was his patron. He seemed to think that the magic name of Powers would be a tower of strength to him. When brought afterwards before the committee, and when he found out that Powers was compromised, he denied any acquaintance with him. Afterwards acknowledged that Powers had invited him to accompany him above on a "business speculation."
Murray criticized David W. Alexander for his defense of Valenzuela as an innocent man:
"This is the "innocent" man who has been torn from the bosom of his family by a mob and "done to death." Mr. David W. Alexander, of Los Angeles, says that this man " has never been absent a moment from his home." This gentleman forgot, perhaps, to tell the editor of the Clamor Publico, that in November last he loaned this man $100 to bring his wife, from Los Angeles; that he (Alexander) was informed at the time of the arrest, that at that very time when he was supposed to be in Los Angeles, he was here in San Luis in company with Jack Powers and other worthies, at the races in and near this place; that he stayed here several weeks, and that during that time instead of living with his wife, whoever the lady may be, he kept with an abandoned Mexican prostitute, for whose sake two men have been stabbed, and two shot within the last six months. For aught Mr. Alexander knows, this man was at the Nacimiento murder on December last. However, he is not charged with it. Now, as this gentleman has forgotten the above particulars, he has forgotten, doubtless, that this Joaquin is a notorious thief. How is it then that Alexander Godoy, of Cuyama, Mr. Alexander's next neighbor, and one of Mr. Fremont's veterans, is thoroughly acquainted with the man's character? How is it that this man's character is notorious to every one except Mr. Alexander? Is not this gentleman, like hundreds of other rancheros in the southern country (not Americans, however) content to hire a vaquero without asking questions as to his character, or even if he knew him to be bad, content if he thinks the man will not rob or murder him?"
See also
Five Joaquins Gang
References
Mexican outlaws
Criminals from California
Mexican emigrants to the United States
People of the California Gold Rush
1820s births
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
1850s deaths
American outlaws
Outlaws of the American Old West
Five Joaquins Gang
Peter I. Chang (born 1973) is a Taiwanese-born mixed-media artist, illustrator, and filmmaker. He has often collaborated with the author Mitch Cullin who is also his domestic partner.
In 2004, Chang and Cullin established Workshop Lo-Vi in order to "create quality film projects with little or no budget, utilizing as few accessories as possible, and cobbling the finished product together with tools/equipment that are easily available to anyone."
In a 2006 review of Chang's documentary Life in G-Chord, The Santa Fe New Mexican praised Chang's "simple camerawork" and the "whimsical touches" the director used in the film, further stating that "Chang makes good sense of the film's endless supply of still photography and old footage through playful collage and editing."
Chang's digital short Regina Monologue, which features Cullin and was shot in Canada during the production of Terry Gilliam's Tideland, is included as an Easter egg on Disc 2 of the UK DVD release of the film.
I Want to Destroy America, a documentary about the Japanese street musician Hisao Shinagawa, was officially released on DVD by Pathfinder Pictures in the summer of 2008.
In 2008, Chang's second full-length documentary Tokyo is Dreaming was completed, a non-narrative project that depicts Japan's capital during a 24-hour time period. The film received its world premiere at the 5th Berwick Film Festival in 2009. In an overview of the festival written in Empire, film critic David Parkinson described the film as "an astute and assured tableau that's compellingly counterpointed by a score by Calexico's John Convertino."
Bibliography (as illustrator)
Filmography
Features
I Want to Destroy America (original title: Life in G-Chord) (2006); documentary
Tokyo is Dreaming (2008); documentary
Shorts
Regina Monologue (2007); available as an Easter egg (virtual) on the UK DVD of Terry Gilliam's Tideland
Footnotes
External links
Workshop Lo-Vi
Generation Rice interview
UnderSurface collaboration with Mitch Cullin
Review of Life in G-Chord
I Want to Destroy America DVD
1973 births
Living people
Taiwanese film directors
LGBT people from Taiwan
LGBT film directors
Earth vs. the Spider is a 2001 science fiction horror television film directed by Scott Ziehl. It is the first of a series of films made for Cinemax paying tribute to the films of American International Pictures. The films in this tribute series reused the titles of old American International Pictures films, in this case the 1958 Bert I. Gordon film Earth vs. the Spider, but are not remakes of the earlier films. The film centers on a shy, obsessive comic book fan who gets injected with an experimental serum derived from spiders, which gives him minor superpowers. More horrific changes occur, slowly transforming him into a grotesque human spider. A detective begins to investigate when bodies start to pile up covered in cobwebs. The film was nominated for the Saturn Award at the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror Films, USA.
Plot
Quentin Kemmer is a shy security guard and obsessive comic book fan who dreams of becoming a superhero like his favorite comic book character The Arachnid Avenger, and going out with his next-door neighbor Stephanie Lewis. When his partner is killed during a botched robbery at the research laboratory where he works, Quentin is fired and he injects himself with an experimental serum derived from spiders. The next day he is wracked with a severe fever and spends most of the day unconscious. After he recovers he discovers that he has developed increased strength.
Later that night, Stephanie is attacked and almost raped by a stalker. Quentin intervenes and kills the man, leaving before Stephanie can see him. Quentin later returns to his apartment and finds Stephanie being interviewed by Detective Frank Grillo in hopes of identifying her savior. Quentin is thrilled that he is finally able to live his dream of becoming a superhero. However, as the days go by he develops more spider-like abilities, including being able to shoot webs from his abdomen, and his body becoming more spider-like. Quentin is overwhelmed with an insatiable hunger but is unable to eat solid food. Arriving at a local store in an effort to find something to satisfy his hunger, he happens upon a man attempting to rape a young woman and attacks him, severely injuring the man. Expecting the woman to be grateful, he is surprised when she yells at him in anger as the man was her boyfriend. When she attempts to call the police, Quentin encases her in webbing. Police Officer Williams arrives on the scene and attempts to free the woman but is attacked by Quentin.
The next day the police converge on the store and find the man's body, which has been sucked dry of all fluids, and the woman in a state of shock. Detective Grillo is confused by the state of the man's body and by the presence of what appears to be spider webs at the scene as well as Williams's badge. Williams's body is missing. Horrified at what he is becoming as his body mutates even further, and afraid of hurting anyone else, Quentin holes himself up in his room in an effort to prevent any more murders.
The next night, he is overwhelmed by hunger and ventures out, murdering two young men who used to pick on him. Trying to get to the bottom of the murders, Frank interviews the head of the research department where Quentin used to work. He discovers that scientists were working on a way to transfer properties from spiders into humans. Now realizing that the killer might have injected himself with the lab's serum, and theorizing that Quentin might be the killer, Frank visits Quentin's apartment but finds no one apparently home. After discovering the same webbing found at the store, Frank enters the apartment's basement where he discovers dozens of bodies encased in webbing. Frank's wife Trixie has followed him, believing he is hiding Officer Williams, with whom she was having an affair. Trixie is attacked by Quentin. Frank attempts to rescue her, but arrives too late and she dies in his arms. Entering the apartment, Quentin kidnaps Stephanie and takes her to an abandoned building nearby. Frank arrives at the building and finds Stephanie strung up in a large spider's web. Quentin, now a grotesque mixture of man and spider, appears and begs Frank to kill him. Frank at first refuses, but the animal side of Quentin takes over and he lunges at Stephanie, forcing Frank to open fire on him. Stephanie thanks Quentin for saving her before he dies. Quentin's friend Han introduces a comic book collector to an action figure that resembles his friend, now a superhero named Quentin Arachnid.
Cast
Dan Aykroyd as Det. Insp. Frank Grillo
Devon Gummersall as Quentin Kemmer
Amelia Heinle as Stephanie Lewis
Theresa Russell as Trixie Grillo
Christopher Cousins as Officer Williams
John Cho as Han
Randall Huber as Midtown murderer
Greg Harris as Gutterpunk #1 (as Zia)
Lloyd Lowe Jr. as Lloyd (gutterpunk #2) (as Lloyd Lowe)
Michael Keenan as Willie
Ted Rooney as Coroner
Dan Martin as Huge cop
Rob Hill as Liquor store cop
Pedro Pascal as Goth Guy
Production
Earth vs. the Spider was the first film in a series of made-for-TV film remakes produced by special effects artist Stan Winston, the first series to be produced by Winston's newly formed production company Stan Winston Productions and released by Cinemax. The film's script, like the others in the series, differed significantly from the original film, which was about a town plagued by a giant spider. The film is about a young man whose attempt to become a Spider-Man type superhero goes wrong, leaving him with a Jekyll-and-Hyde type personality disorder. Co-creator Stan Winston stated that he planned to release a series of action figures based on the first five characters in the series, including one based on the Quentin Arachnid creature.
Release
Earth vs. the Spider premiered on Cinemax television on October 7, 2001, making it the first in the series. Columbia TriStar released the film on DVD on July 6, 2004 and on May 7 that same year.
Reception
Earth vs. the Spider received mixed to negative reviews from critics, with many criticizing it for being a rip-off of David Cronenberg's The Fly.
TV Guide awarded the film 2/4 stars, criticizing Gummersall's performance and the special effects, calling them "goofy". Steve Van Pelt from Film Threat gave the film 1/4 stars, characterizing it as a mockbuster which blatantly rips off the Spider-Man origin story in an attempt to cash in on publicity for the upcoming Spider-Man film. G. Noel Gross from DVD Talk rated the film two and a half out of five stars, criticizing the slow start, uneven execution, and the irrelevance of Aykroyd's character.
Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed.com awarded the film a grade C. Rosell praised the film's special effects that transformed actor Devon Gummersall into a human spider but complained about the film's dull story, commenting, "Stan Winston's Creature Features series is tied at 1-1, with this weak entry balanced against the entertaining initial release of She Creature. The story here is shamefully weak, and seems to borrow handily from The Fly for most of its intended, but poorly executed, dramatic tension. The campy superhero parallels mostly fall flat." Movie-gazette.com gave the film 3/10 stars, calling it "A bizarre mix of comic book camp and The Fly-style horror." Mick Martin and Marsha Porter in their DVD and Video Guide gave the film 3 out of 4 stars, complimenting the special effects and performances. Felix Vasquez from Cinema Crazed.com called it "a fun guilty pleasure", commending the film's make-up and special effects, Gummersall and Cho's performances, and Ziehl's direction. However, Vasquez felt that Aykroyd's inclusion in the film felt "tacked on".
References
External links
2000s science fiction horror films
2001 films
2001 television films
2001 horror films
Remakes of American films
American monster movies
American science fiction horror films
American body horror films
Films about spiders
Films about shapeshifting
Horror film remakes
2000s monster movies
American horror television films
American science fiction television films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Scott Ziehl
2000s American films
Events in the year 1903 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
19 October – The People's Party, which won 134 of the 169 seats in the parliament following parliamentary elections. Voter turnout was 41.2%.
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Tommy John surgery (TJS), known in medical practice as ulnar collateral ligament (UCL) reconstruction, is a surgical graft procedure in which the ulnar collateral ligament in the medial elbow is replaced with either a tendon from elsewhere from the patient's own body, or the use of a tendon from the donated tissue from a cadaver. The procedure is common among collegiate and professional athletes in several sports, most notably baseball.
The procedure was first performed in 1974 by orthopedic surgeon Dr. Frank Jobe, then a Los Angeles Dodgers team physician. The surgery is named after Tommy John, the first recipient of the surgery. John won 288 games in his career–124 before the surgery and 164 after. Many players have subsequently undergone the surgery, some more than once.
List
Denotes a player that underwent the surgery on his non-throwing arm.
References
Lists of baseball players
Lists of people by medical condition
Eunectes is a genus of boas found in tropical South America commonly called anacondas. They are a semiaquatic group of snakes and include one of the largest snakes in the world, E. murinus, the green anaconda. Four species are currently recognized.
Etymology
The name Eunectes is derived from .
Distribution and habitat
Found in tropical South America from Ecuador, Brazil, Colombia and Venezuela south to Argentina.
Feeding
All four species are aquatic snakes that prey on other aquatic animals, including fish, river fowl, and caiman. Videos exist of anacondas preying on domestic animals such as goats and sometimes even jaguars that venture too close to the water.
Relationship with humans
While encounters between people and anacondas may be dangerous, they do not regularly hunt humans. Nevertheless, threat from anacondas is a familiar trope in comics, movies and adventure stories set in the Amazon jungle. Anacondas have also figured prominently in South American folklore, where they are sometimes depicted as shapeshifting mythical creatures called encantados. Local communities and some European explorers have given accounts of giant anacondas, legendary snakes of much greater proportion than any confirmed specimen.
Although charismatic, there is little known on the biology of wild anacondas. Most of our knowledge comes from the work of Dr. Jesús A. Rivas and his team working in the Venezuelan llanos.
Species
Mating system
The mating seasons in Eunectes vary both between species and within species depending on locality, although the trend appears to be the dry season. The green anaconda (E. murinus) is the most well-studied species of Eunectes in terms of their mating system, followed by the yellow anaconda (E. notaeus); unfortunately E. deschauenseei and E. beniensis are much less common, making the specific details of their mating systems much less well understood.
Sexual dimorphism
Sexual size dimorphism in Eunectes is the opposite of most other vertebrates. Females are larger than males in most snakes, and green anacondas (E. murinus) have one of the most extreme size differences, where females average roughly and males average only around . This size difference has several benefits for both sexes. Large size in females leads to higher fecundity and larger offspring; as a result male mate choice favours larger females. Large size is also favoured in males because larger males tend to be more successful at reproducing, both because of their size advantage in endurance rivalry and their advantage in sperm competition because larger males are able to produce more sperm. One reason that males are so much smaller in Eunectes is that large males can be confused for females, which interferes with their ability to mate when smaller males mistakenly coil them in breeding balls; as a result, there is an optimum size for males where they are large enough to successfully compete, but not large enough to risk other males trying to mate with them.
Breeding balls
During the mating season female anacondas release pheromones to attract males for breeding, which can result in polyandrous breeding balls; these breeding balls have been observed in E. murinus, E. notaeus, and E. deschauenseei, and likely also occur in E. beniensis. In the green anaconda (E. murinus) up to 13 males have been observed in a breeding ball, which have been recorded to last two weeks on average. In anaconda breeding balls, several males coil around one female and attempt to position themselves as close to her cloaca as possible where they use their pelvic spurs to "tickle" and encourage her to allow penetration. Since there are often many males present and only one male can mate with the female at a time, the success of a male often depends on his persistence and endurance, because physical combat is not a part of the Eunectes mating ritual, apart from firmly pushing against other males in an attempt to secure the best position on the female.
Sexual cannibalism
Cannibalism is quite easy in anacondas since females are so much larger than males, but sexual cannibalism has only been confirmed in E. murinus. Females gain the direct benefit of a post-copulatory high-protein meal when they consume their mates, along with the indirect benefit of additional resources to use for the formation of offspring; cannibalism in general (outside of the breeding season) has been confirmed in all but E. deschauenseei, although it is likely that it occurs in all Eunectes species.
Asexual reproduction
Although sexual reproduction is by far the most common in Eunectes, E. murinus has been observed to undergo facultative parthenogenesis. In both cases, the females had lived in isolation from other anacondas for over eight years, and DNA analysis showed that the few fully formed offspring were genetically identical to the mothers; although this is not commonly observed, it is likely possible in all species of Eunectes and several other species of Boidae.
References
Further reading
External links
Snakes of South America
Reptiles of Trinidad and Tobago
Snake genera
Taxa named by Johann Georg Wagler
Kočani medieval towers are located in Kocani, North Macedonia. They were probably built in the second half of the 17th century, when the city was under Ottoman administration. Impact in construction had oriental architecture.
According to current findings, in Kočani and its immediate surroundings were built three medieval towers, two of which are located in the city, situated on both banks of the Kočani river, while the third is located in the village of Dolni Podlog. Those were bey's residential towers. In fact, those residential towers had defensive position, and one of them was used as a clock tower. It is located near the elementary school "Rade Kratovce and served to indicate the hours by sound in earlier times.
Constructed of massive walls of stone, they left until nowadays as the signs of the past of Kočani. In 1957, the National Authority for Protection of Monuments put under the Law protection both towers in the city.
Renovation and function
The medieval tower, located on the right bank of the river in the downtown area, situated between residential buildings, is dominant in space with its height by 18.5 meters. In 1978 the City Council made a decision for revitalization, after which the tower may be used again.
Current position of the tower:
Basement - sanitation;
Ground floor - numismatic collection;
I floor - archaeological collection;
II floor - library;
Unfortunately, the tower on the left side of the river has not been amended and is in poor condition. Currently it has no purpose.
Archaeological sites in North Macedonia
Kočani
Towers in North Macedonia
Tower houses
Big Red Letter Day is the fourth album by American alternative rock band Buffalo Tom, released in 1993.
The leadoff track, "Sodajerk," was featured on the soundtrack for the short-lived television series My So-Called Life and in commercials for Nike and Pontiac. "Late at Night" was also used in an episode of My So-Called Life.
The album peaked at number 185 on the Billboard 200.
Critical reception
Author Dave Thompson praised the album in his book Alternative Rock, writing that "Buffalo Tom jangle and twang with the best of them, filling Red Letter with moody melodies lightened by harmonies and the exquisite guitars. College rock rarely sounded this good."
Track listing
"Sodajerk"
"I'm Allowed"
"Tree House"
"Would Not Be Denied"
"Latest Monkey"
"My Responsibility"
"Dry Land"
"Torch Singer"
"Late at Night"
"Suppose"
"Anything That Way"
All songs by Buffalo Tom.
Personnel
Bill Janovitz – vocals, guitar
Chris Colbourn – bass
Tom Maginnis – drums
Charts
References
Buffalo Tom albums
1993 albums
Beggars Banquet Records albums
Events from the year 1659 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Frederick III
Steward of the Realm: Joachim Gersdorff
Events
February 10 and 11 – A Swedish siege of the city during the Second Northern War culminates in the Assault on Copenhagen results in Danish victory.
March 24 – The citizens of Copenhagen are granted privileges of freedom as a reward for their contribution to the defence of the country.
May 21 – Signing of the Concert of The Hague, an outline of the common stance of England, France and the Dutch Republic regarding the Second Northern War. The powers agree that the Swedish and Denmark shall settle for a peace treaty based on the Treaty of Roskilde, including free navigation through The Sound and the Baltic Sea based on the Treaty of Elbing. The subsequent Dano-Swedish Peace of Copenhagen largely followed the terms dictated by the Concert of the Hague.
June – A Danish attempt to recapture Kronborg Castle fails. Oluf van Steenwinckel, believed to be the son of the architect Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger, is one of the Danish participants in the attack and is afterwards executed by the Swedish.
November 14 – The Battle of Nyborg results in Danish victory.
August 25 – Armistice followed by five days of peace negotiations in Copenhagen.
Undated
The plague ravages Denmark, particularly Jutland, probably brought to the country by German and Polish mercenaries.
Bornholm, previously part of Skåneland, rebels against Sweden, leading to its return to Denmark with the Treaty of Copenhagen the following year..
Niels Stensen, later known as Nicolas Steno, embarks on his scientific research which will in time gain him a reputation as the father of both anatomy and geology.
Simon van Slingelandt is appointed Dutch ambassador to Denmark.
Births
Full date unknown
Margrethe Lasson, (first ever Danish) novelist (d. 1738)
Justine Cathrine Rosenkrantz, lady-in-waiting, noble and spy (d. 1746)
Deaths
August 10– Frederick III, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp (b. 1597)
Full date unknown
Oluf van Steenwinckel, builder, engineer, soldier
Brita Scheel, noblewoman (b. 1638)
References
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Upton Rangers F.C.was an English association football club from the Upton Park area of London.
History
The earliest known match for the club is a 6-0 victory over the 1st Surrey Rifles F.C..
The biggest win known for the club is an 8-0 home victory against the Downs club in February 1879. In 1882, the club became a founder member of the London Football Association, and entered the first London Senior Cup. In the first round the club lost 15-0 to the Old Brightonians at Dulwich, which was the club's heaviest known defeat.
Despite this record defeat, the club entered the FA Cup in 1883-84. The Rangers were drawn to play Old Wykehamists, with the choice of ground, so the club arranged the match at its home ground on the West Ham Park, which was "in as wretched a state of unevenness for play as could well be met with". Rangers were 3-0 down at half-time and 7-0 down by the end. The club did not enter the FA Cup again and by the end of the decade was playing junior football only.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in London
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Lopud () is a small island off the coast of Dalmatia, southern Croatia. Lopud is economically the most developed of the Elaphiti Islands, and can be reached by boat from Dubrovnik, Trsteno, Orašac and Zaton. The island is famous for its sandy beaches, in particular the bay of Šunj. Lopud is the second largest island of the Elaphiti islands, between Koločep and Šipan. It is famous as the "island in the middle" (Insula Media, or Mezzo). It has an area of and its highest point is Polačica, above sea level. It has of coastline, of which is sandy.
History
The central island known as Elaphite (Deer) archipelago 7 NM away from Dubrovnik and with an area of 4.6 square km was a frequent station of ancient Greeks and later Romans. There is no substantial proof, but the Greek name Delaphodia for present Lopud as well as Igalo for the waterfront (promenade) confirms the early presence of Greeks on the island. In the 9th century the island was inhabited by Croats, a fact supported by four old Croatian churches and a bulk of archeological finds. Very early (prior to 10th century) it becomes part of Commune of Dubrovnik and immediately upon the establishment of the Republic of Ragusa it makes part of it. Due to its central location Lopud gets the name of Isola di Mezzo. The 15th and 16th centuries were the Golden Age for the island. Thanks to the prospering shipping industry and sea trade (even with Americas) as well as shipbuilding and agriculture the island was a highly cultured one. The well-educated monks of the Franciscan (1483) and Dominican (1482) monasteries made way for literacy on the island. In addition to elementary school the Dominican had the first three grades of high school in their curriculum. It is generally considered that the island's seamen received the basic knowledge in navigation they were to use during their successful voyages. Places and mansions were erected. The names of Lopud streets, as well as its many houses and over thirty churches and chapels tell stories of town of Lopud.
The Ragusa Republic was reinforced by the island's eighty ship merchant fleet both in war and in peace. Writers and poets alike were so impressed with Lopud at that period that they presented it as a city with population of 14 thousand. The history of Lopud regrettably has not been explored thoroughly. However, judging by currently available documents the island at its peak had around 2 thousand inhabitants. For comparison, in 2010 only 200 people inhabit the island. From the 17th century on, its economic power began to decline along with its population. In the last three centuries the island's population fluctuated between 600 and 350. In the 1990's 284 people lived on the island. Conquest of Napoleon in 1808 brought end to monasteries' activities. During the Astro-Hungarian rule, Lopud people subsisted on fishery, agriculture, sailing on merchant ships and working abroad, particularly in the USA.
On 22 July 1813, marines and seamen from and captured the French garrison on the island, which consisted of six guns and 59 men.
In addition to the basic local occupations, the 19th and the beginning of the 20th centuries introduced waving production. with over 50 looms, Lopud turns into an industry center for the area. This trade represents emancipation of Lopud women too. The whole area today covered with vegetation, only 80 years ago was cultivated and covered by olive-groves (19 olive mills).
From 1927-1990 tourism made its mark and the island's population enjoyed a safe and stable period. After WWII all private owned hotels were confiscated and become state property. In the last few years, hotel's buildings of "Hoteli Lopud" enterprise has taken on 90 permanent employees and during summer seasons hire more. The raised standard of living saw construction of newly built stone houses and flats in Dubrovnik. During the aggression against the Republic of Croatia from 1991-1995 business was operated in war conditions and enterprise going bankrupt as a consequence. The so-called privatization, the sell-off the hotels and real estate, as well as devastation, unemployment and job insecurity led to population decrease and young Lopud people had to look for life opportunities elsewhere. Despite the natural resources and potentiality of comfortable life, since 1992 Lopud has been passing the saddest period in its long history.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Niltava (from niltau, Nepali for N. sundara) is a genus of passerine birds in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.
The genus contains the following seven species:
Fujian niltava (Niltava davidi)
Rufous-bellied niltava (Niltava sundara)
Rufous-vented niltava (Niltava sumatrana)
Chinese vivid niltava (Niltava oatesi)
Taiwan vivid niltava (Niltava vivida)
Large niltava (Niltava grandis)
Small niltava (Niltava macgrigoriae)
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2006). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11: Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers. Lynx Edicions. .
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bharti International Convent School is situated in Gurgaon, Haryana, India. The school provides education to children from Pre Nursery onwards. It is an English-medium, co-educational day school, and also has day boarding. It follows CBSE pattern.
History
Bharti International Convent School was started in 2003. It is a co educational school.
Facilities
The school has science laboratories, Computer Labs, a library, and a playground with sports facilities.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
References
External links
School website
Schools in Gurgaon
International schools in India
Private schools in Haryana
2008 establishments in Haryana
Educational institutions established in 2008
Julia Louise Bienias is an American biostatistician known for her highly-cited publications on Alzheimer's disease.
Education and career
Bienias completed her Ph.D. in 1993 at the Harvard School of Public Health. Her dissertation was Design and Analysis of Time-to-Pregnancy Studies, and was supervised by Louise M. Ryan.
She has worked for the United States Census Bureau, for the Rush University Medical Center, and for the Nielsen Corporation.
Recognition
Bienias was president of the Caucus for Women in Statistics for the 2005 term.
She is an Elected Member of the International Statistical Institute, and was named a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 2021.
Selected publications
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American statisticians
Women statisticians
Harvard School of Public Health alumni
Elected Members of the International Statistical Institute
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
The mouse-colored tyrannulet (Phaeomyias murina) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It occurs in a wide range of scrubby and wooded habitats in tropical and subtropical South America, being absent from the southernmost part of the continent, the high Andes and dense rainforest. It also occurs in Panama and Costa Rica. It is generally common, but its small size and dull plumage results in it often being overlooked – or at least not identified, as it resembles several other tyrant flycatchers.
Four subspecies are recognised:
Phaeomyias murina eremonoma Wetmore, 1953 – Panama
Phaeomyias murina incomta (Cabanis & Heine, 1860) – Colombia, northeast Ecuador, Venezuela and Trinidad
Phaeomyias murina wagae (Taczanowski, 1884) – The Guianas, Amazonian Brazil, east Peru and northwest Bolivia
Phaeomyias murina murina (Spix, 1825) – south Brazil, south Bolivia, Paraguay and northwest Argentina
The mouse-colored tyrannulet was formerly considered conspecific with the Tumbesian tyrannulet (Phaeomyias tumbezana) that occurs west of the Andes in southwest Ecuador and northwest Peru. The two species are visually very similar, but vocally distinct.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the mouse-colored tyrannulet
"Mouse-colored tyrannulet" photo gallery VIREO
mouse-colored tyrannulet
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of Brazil
mouse-colored tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cherepanikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2002.
Geography
Cherepanikha is located 24 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kriulya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Escudé is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Carlos Escudé (1948–2021), Argentine academic and writer
Guillem Anglada-Escudé (born 1979), Spanish astrophysicist
Ignacio Escudé (born 1964), Spanish field hockey player
Jaime Escudé (born 1962), Spanish field hockey player
Julien Escudé (born 1979), French footballer
Laura Escudé, American composer and violinist
Nicolas Escudé (born 1976), French tennis player
Xavier Escudé (born 1966), Spanish field hockey player
See also
In the mathematical theory of linear algebraic groups, a Tits index (or index) is an object used to classify semisimple algebraic groups defined over a base field k, not assumed to be algebraically closed. The possible irreducible indices were classified by Jacques Tits, and this classification is reproduced below. (Because every index is a direct sum of irreducible indices, classifying all indices amounts to classifying irreducible indices.)
Organization of the list
An index can be represented as a Dynkin diagram with certain vertices drawn close to each other (the orbit of the vertices under the *-action of the Galois group of k) and with certain sets of vertices circled (the orbits of the non-distinguished vertices under the *-action). This representation captures the full information of the index except when the underlying Dynkin diagram is D4, in which case one must distinguish between an action by the cyclic group C3 or the permutation group S3.
Alternatively, an index can be represented using the name of the underlying Dykin diagram together with additional superscripts and subscripts, to be explained momentarily. This representation, together with the labeled Dynkin diagram described in the previous paragraph, captures the full information of the index.
The notation for an index is of the form gX, where
X is the letter of the underlying Dynkin diagram (A, B, C, D, E, F, or G),
n is the number of vertices of the Dynkin diagram,
r is the relative rank of the corresponding algebraic group,
g is the order of the quotient of the absolute Galois group that acts faithfully on the Dynkin diagram (so g = 1, 2, 3, or 6), and
t is either
the degree of a certain division algebra (that is, the square root of its dimension) arising in the construction of the algebraic group when the group is of classical type (A, B, C, or D), in which case t is written in parentheses, or
the dimension of the anisotropic kernel of the algebraic group when the group is of exceptional type (E, F, or G), in which case t is written without parentheses.
An
1An
Image:
Full name: 1A
Conditions: d · (r + 1) = n + 1, d ≥ 1.
Algebraic group: The special linear group SLr+1(D) where D is a central division algebra over k.
Special fields: Over a finite field, d = 1; over the reals, d = 1 or 2; over a p-adic field or a number field, d is arbitrary.
2An
Image:
Full name: 2A
Conditions: d | n + 1, d ≥ 1, 2rd ≤ n + 1.
Algebraic group: The special unitary group SU(n+1)/d(D,h), where D is a central division algebra of degree d over a separable quadratic extension k' of k, and where h is a nondegenerate hermitian form of index r relative to the unique non-trivial k-automorphism of k' .
Special fields: Over a finite field, d = 1 and r = ⌊(n+1)/2⌋; over the reals, d = 1; over a p-adic field, d = 1 and n = 2r − 1; over a number field, d and r are arbitrary.
Bn
Image:
Full name: Bn,r
Conditions: None.
Algebraic group: The special orthogonal group SO2n+1(k,q), where q is a quadratic form of index r, and defect 1 if k has characteristic 2.
Special fields: Over a finite field, r = n; over a p-adic field, r = n or n − 1; over the reals or a number field, r is arbitrary.
Cn
Image:
Full name: C
Conditions: 2n | 2n, d ≥ 1; n = r if d = 1.
Algebraic group: The special unitary group SU2n/d(D,h), where D is a division algebra of degree d over k and h is a nondegenerate antihermitian form relative to a k-linear involution σ of D (also called an "involution of the first kind") such that the fixed-point subring Dσ has dimension 1/2 d(d + 1); or equivalently, when d > 1 and char k ≠ 2, the group SU2n/d where D and h are as above except that h is hermitian and D has dimension 1/2 d(d − 1). When d = 1, this group is the symplectic group Sp2n(k).
Special fields: Over a finite field, d = 1; over the reals or a number field, d = 1 (and r = n) or d = 2; over a p-adic field, d = 1 (and r = n) or d = 2, and n = 2r or 2r − 1.
Dn
1Dn
Image:
Full name: 1D
Conditions: d is a power of 2, d | 2n, d ≥ 1, rd ≤ n, n ≠ rd + 1.
Algebraic group: If k has characteristic 2, the same as for Cn except that h is a hermitian form of discriminant 1 and index r.
Special fields: Over a finite field, d = 1 and n = r; over the reals, d = 1 and n − r = 2m, or d = 2 and n = 2r; over a p-adic field, d = 1 and r = n or n − 2, or d = 2 and n = 2r or 2r + 3; over a number field, d = 1 and n − r = 2m, or d = 2 and n − 2r = 2m or 3.
2Dn
Full name: 2D
Image:
3D
Image:
6D
Image:
3D
Image:
6D
Image:
3D
Image:
6D
Image:
E6
1E
Image:
1E
Image:
1E
Image:
1E
Image:
2E
Image:
2E
Image:
2E
Image:
2E
Image:
2E
Image:
2E
Image:
E7
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E8
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
E
Image:
F4
F
Image:
Algebraic Group: The automorphism group of an exceptional simple Jordan algebra J that does not contain nonzero nilpotent elements.
F
Image:
Algebraic Group: The automorphism group of an exceptional simple Jordan algebra J containing nonzero nilpotent elements, no two of which are nonproportional and orthogonal.
F
Image:
Algebraic Group: The automorphism group of an exceptional simple Jordan algebra J containing nonproportional orthogonal nilpotent elements.
G2
A group of type G2 is always the automorphism group of an octonion algebra.
G
Image:
Algebraic group: the automorphism group of a division octonion algebra.
Special fields: Exists over the reals and number fields; does not exist over finite fields or a p-adic field.
G
Image:
Algebraic group: the automorphism group of a split octonion algebra.
Special fields: Exists over a finite field, the reals, a p-adic field, and a number field.
Notes
References
Algebraic groups
irreducible Tits indices
The Bund Deutscher Segler (BDS) was the governing body of the Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund for sailing sports in the German Democratic Republic (GDR). It was founded in East Berlin in April of 1958 and merged with the German Sailing Federation after German reunification in early 1991. By 1988 it had 31,318 members and 2,231 trainers across the GDR.
Presidents of the BDS
References
Sports governing bodies in East Germany
Sports organizations established in 1958
Organizations disestablished in 1991
1958 establishments in East Germany
1991 disestablishments in Germany
Pellorneum is a genus of passerine birds in the family Pellorneidae. Some of its species were formerly placed in the genus Trichastoma.
The genus contains the following species:
Spot-throated babbler (Pellorneum albiventre)
Marsh babbler (Pellorneum palustre)
Puff-throated babbler (Pellorneum ruficeps)
Brown-capped babbler (Pellorneum fuscocapillus)
Buff-breasted babbler, (Pellorneum tickelli)
Sumatran babbler, (Pellorneum buettikoferi)
Temminck's babbler, (Pellorneum pyrrogenys)
Javan black-capped babbler or rufous-browed babbler (Pellorneum capistratum)
Malayan black-capped babbler (Pellorneum nigrocapitatum)
Bornean black-capped babbler (Pellorneum capistratoides)
Short-tailed babbler (Pellorneum malaccense)
Ashy-headed babbler (Pellorneum cinereiceps)
White-chested babbler, (Pellorneum rostratum)
Sulawesi babbler, (Pellorneum celebense)
Ferruginous babbler, (Pellorneum bicolor)
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Pellorneidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The New Moscow () is a 1938 Soviet sci-fi comedy film directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin and Aleksandr Olenin. It was banned from showing by Joseph Stalin.
Plot
The film tells about the adventures of the young designer Alyosha, who made a living model of the future capital of the Soviet Union, his relationship with his beloved girlfriend Zoya and the relations between the painter Fedya and the sowdrops of Olya.
Accompanied by his grandmother, Alyosha travels to Moscow to display his model at a prestigious show.
Cast
Daniil Sagal as Alyosha
Nina Alisova as Zoya
Mariya Barabanova as Olya
Mariya Blyumental-Tamarina as Grandmother
Pavel Sukhanov as Fedya Utin
Maria Blumenthal-Tamarina as granny
Aleksandr Grave as student (uncredited)
Karandash as cameo
Lidiya Smirnova as a girl (uncredited)
References
External links
1938 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet science fiction comedy films
1938 comedy films
Soviet black-and-white films
Mosfilm films
1930s science fiction comedy films
Censored films
Giovanny Manuel Báez Álvarez (born April 9, 1981 in Nobsa) is a Colombian professional road racing cyclist, who is currently suspended from the sport after a positive drugs test for a Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA).
Major results
2004
1st Stage 11 Vuelta a Venezuela
2005
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a León
2009
1st Stage 11 Vuelta a Colombia
2010
1st Stage 5 Tour de Santa Catarina
2011
1st Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Stages 7 & 9
3rd Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
2012
3rd Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Nobsa
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Vuelta a Venezuela stage winners
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
The men's 10,000 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
20 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 34 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
10,000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Via dei Fori Imperiali (formerly Via dei Monti, then Via dell'Impero) is a road in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy, that runs in a straight line from the Piazza Venezia to the Colosseum. Its course takes it over parts of the Forum of Trajan, Forum of Augustus and Forum of Nerva, parts of which can be seen on both sides of the road. Since the 1990s, there has been a great deal of archeological excavation on both sides of the road, as significant Imperial Roman relics remain to be found underneath it.
History
In the Roman regulatory plans of 1873, 1883 and 1909 it was planned to open a road between Piazza Venezia and the Colosseum, therefore on the route of the present Via dei Fori Imperiali. The project should be included in the urban planning of the time, which provided for the opening in the city centers of wide connecting roads created by gutting the ancient building fabric. A classic example is the transformation of Paris under the Second Empire, by Napoleon III and the prefect Baron Haussmann, but we can also recall the similar interventions in London (1848-1865), Florence (1859-1865), Vienna (1857) and Brussels (1867-1871).
The Via dei Fori Imperiali was finally built under Fascism, in the period between 1924 and 1932.
The tentative name of the road during its construction was Via dei Monti, but was named Via dell'Impero when it was inaugurated.
Mussolini, on horseback, cut the ribbon opening the road on 9 April 1932 and led a military parade with veterans of World War I. After the end of World War II, the road was renamed to its present name. Each year on 2 June it hosts a parade in celebration of the founding of the modern Italian Republic.
On 3 August 2013, the south part of the road, between Largo Corrado Ricci and the Colosseum, was closed to private traffic, while bus and taxi are still allowed to use it.
Road construction
The road was a celebration of the glories of ancient Rome, because its construction has rediscovered and made visible the Imperial fora: the demolitions served to rediscover the forums of Trajan, Augustus, Caesar, Nerva and Trajan's Market, previously hidden under the demolished buildings.
Its construction, however, entailed the systematic demolition of over 40,000 square yards of one of the most densely populated areas of Rome, obliterating medieval and Renaissance structures, including five little churches and popular tenements that housed 746 of Rome's poorest families. These include:
The de-consecration and stripping of the Church of Sant'Adriano in Curia Senatus (built on the Curia Julia) in the Roman Forum, to reveal the building of the senate;
Demolition of the 17th century Convent of the Mercedari, annexed to the Church of Sant'Adriano;
Excavation and removal of a large part of the Velia, the hill on which the Basilica of Constantine (also known as the Basilica of Maxentius) stands, halfway between the Colosseum and Piazza Venezia;
Destruction of the monastery of Sant'Urbano ai Pantani and the nearby convent of Sant'Eufemia;
Destruction of the neighbourhood of Via Alessandrina, which included the house of famous 19th century antiquarian Francesco Martinetti, collector, restorer and numismatics expert – itself a treasure trove;
Excavation and covering of the gardens of the 16th century Villa Rivaldi and its nymphaeums;
Loss of several notable houses including Casa Desideri, Casa Ciacci, Casa Cetorelli and Casa De Rossi;
Demolition of the churches of San Lorenzo ai Monti and Santa Maria degli Angeli in Macello Martyrum.
Of the areas excavated, a great deal of data has been lost. Records at the Musei Capitolini noted that many of the objects found were stored in crates in the vaults of Museo della Civiltà Romana, but little associated data was recorded about the exact location and context of the objects, meaning that huge amounts of information that could be inferred is now irrecoverable.
The Via dei Fori Imperiali completely changed the landscape and character of a part of Rome: before its construction, the Colosseum was not visible from Piazza Venezia and the imperial fora were hidden by a popular quarter of the fifteenth century.
There is a debate about the future of the road, for some to be dismantled, for others one of the most spectacular in Rome.
Road traffic
The four-lane, heavily trafficked road carried an extremely heavy load of motor vehicle traffic straight through the Roman Forum area, whose exhaust fumes and vibrations continue to damage the surrounding ancient Roman monuments. After numerous failed efforts by academics and citizen's groups to pressure the Roman city government to close the road to traffic, the Mayor of Rome Ignazio Marino closed the southern part of the road to private motor vehicles on 3 August 2013.
Sources
References
External links
Italian fascist architecture
Imperial forums of Rome
Fori Imperiali
Fori Imperiali
Przyborze may refer to the following places:
Przyborze, Lubusz Voivodeship (west Poland)
Przyborze, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Przyborze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Gustav Ratzenhofer (July 4, 1842 in Vienna – October 8, 1904 in the Atlantic Ocean) was an Austrian military officer, philosopher and sociologist. He also wrote under the pseudonym Gustav Renehr.
Life
Ratzenhofer was a watchmaker and joined in 1859 by the master watchmaker examination in the Austrian army, in which he made a brilliant career: second lieutenant (1864), member of the General Staff (1872), director of the Army Archives (1878), finally as Feldmarschall - lieutenant president of the Military High Court (1898). In 1901 Ratzenhofer left the army and devoted himself entirely to his private study of philosophy and sociology, where he was strongly influenced by active contacts with Ludwig Gumplowicz.
He died in 1904 on his way home from a study stay in the US.
In 1959, in Vienna, Floridsdorf (21st district) was named the Ratzenhofergasse after him.
Work
Ratzenhofer understood sociology based on Herbert Spencer, Charles Darwin and Auguste Comte as part of a comprehensive philosophy, which he described as "positive monism". He represented an evolutionary model of social development.
Drive all social activity is by Ratzenhofer the "elemental force" (innate interests). "Jealousy" and "blood love" since time immemorial dominate the social events. The primitive society is governed by the "law of absolute hostility". Conflicts and subjugation then change "Peculiar State" to "Culture State" and ends in civilization, in the peaceful reconciliation of interests enables a creative and free life.
Ratzenhofer tried to explain all the laws of human coexistence by scientific methods, and emphasized the unity of Weltgesetzlichkeit. His work is considered an important contribution to the sociological interests and evolutionary theory. Particularly in the US, he was received as one of the founding fathers of policy sociology.
Writings (selection)
A. Grausgruber: Ratzenhofer, Gustav, in Wilhelm Bernsdorf / Horst bud (eds.): International sociologist Encyclopedia, Vol 1, Enke, Stuttgart 1988, S. 347th
Dirk Kaesler: Ratzenhofer, Gustav. In: New German Biography (NDB). Volume 21, Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 2003, , S. 188 f.
Florian Oberhuber: The "double original essence of State authority". Modern State, sociological authority and political pluralism Gustav Ratzenhofers (1842–1904), in: Sociologia Internationalis, Vol 40, 2002, H. 1, S. 85-115.
Florian Oberhuber: The problem of politics in the Habsburg monarchy. History of ideas studies to Gustav Ratzenhofer, 1842–1904. Diss. Vienna 2002.
Florian Oberhuber: From the general cultural history to political science sociologically founded: Gustav Ratzenhofer (1842–1904). In: Karl Acham (Hg.): "History of the Austrian Human Sciences", Vol 6.2, "Philosophy and Religion.. God Is and Ought "Passagen Verlag, Vienna 2006.
Ch Tepperberg. Ratzenhofer Gustav. In: Austrian Biographical Encyclopaedia 1815–1950 (ÖBL). Volume 8, Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, 1983, , S. 434 f.
References
19th-century philosophers
1842 births
1904 deaths
Myrmecia croslandi is a species of bull ant which is native to Australia. Myrmecia croslandi is a jumping type of bull ant, which means it could be called a jack jumper. Myrmecia croslandi are located around Australia. They can be seen throughout New South Wales and Queensland. Myrmecia croslandi was described by Taylor in 1991.
Taxonomy
Previously considered a kind of twin-better known and polymorphic species Myrmecia pilosula. Thanks to a unique chromosome being genetically isolated in 1986 and in 1991, Australian myrmecologist Robert Taylor described it as a separate species.
References
Myrmeciinae
Hymenoptera of Australia
Insects described in 1991
Insects of Australia
Yang Shiyuan (; ; born 11 March 1994 in Anshan) is a Chinese football player of Korean descent who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Club career
Yang started his professional football career in 2011 when he was loaned to Shanghai Zobon's squad for the 2011 China League Two campaigns. He joined Chinese Super League side Shanghai Dongya in 2014. He made his Super League debut on 22 March 2014 in a game against Hangzhou Greentown, coming on as a substitute for Zhu Zhengrong in the 79th minute. He was sent off in his second appearance in a Shanghai Derby match against Shanghai Greenland Shenhua for a high tackle on Giovanni Moreno. He received a ban of 2 matches and was fined ¥10,000 on 30 April 2014. On 28 February 2017, Yang was loaned to fellow Super League side Yanbian Funde until 31 December 2017. Failed to established himself in the first team, he was degraded to reserve squad in June 2017.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Sportspeople from Anshan
Footballers from Liaoning
Pudong Zobon players
Shanghai Port F.C. players
Yanbian Funde F.C. players
Suzhou Dongwu F.C. players
China League Two players
Chinese Super League players
Chinese people of Korean descent
Association football defenders
Tiago Abravanel (born Tiago Donato Abravanel Corte Gomes on October 21, 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor, voice actor and singer. He is the grandson of TV show host and owner of SBT, Silvio Santos.
Career
Filmography
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian people of Greek-Jewish descent
Brazilian people of Turkish-Jewish descent
Jewish Brazilian male actors
Male actors from São Paulo
Big Brother (franchise) contestants
Big Brother Brasil
John Gary Gertsch (September 29, 1944 or 1945 – July 19, 1969) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Biography
John G. Gertsch went to high school in Sheffield Area Middle/Senior High School (SAMSHS) in Sheffield, Pennsylvania. Gertsch joined the Army from Buffalo, New York in 1965, and by July 15, 1969, was serving as a Staff Sergeant in Company E, 1st Battalion, 327th Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. During a series of engagements on that day and the four following days, in the A Shau Valley of the Republic of Vietnam, Gertsch commanded his platoon after their leader was wounded and repeatedly exposed himself to enemy fire to rescue wounded soldiers and attack the enemy. Mortally wounded on July 19, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in September 1974.
Gertsch, aged 23 or 24 at his death, was buried in North Side Catholic Cemetery, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Medal of Honor citation
Staff Sergeant Gertsch's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
S/Sgt. Gertsch distinguished himself while serving as a platoon sergeant and platoon leader during combat operations in the A Shau Valley. During the initial phase of an operation to seize a strongly defended enemy position, S/Sgt. Gertsch's platoon leader was seriously wounded and lay exposed to intense enemy fire. Forsaking his own safety, without hesitation S/Sgt. Gertsch rushed to aid his fallen leader and dragged him to a sheltered position. He then assumed command of the heavily engaged platoon and led his men in a fierce counterattack that forced the enemy to withdraw. Later, a small element of S/Sgt. Gertsch's unit was reconnoitering when attacked again by the enemy. S/Sgt. Gertsch moved forward to his besieged element and immediately charged, firing as he advanced. His determined assault forced the enemy troops to withdraw in confusion and made possible the recovery of 2 wounded men who had been exposed to heavy enemy fire. Sometime later his platoon came under attack by an enemy force employing automatic weapons, grenade, and rocket fire. S/Sgt. Gertsch was severely wounded during the onslaught but continued to command his platoon despite his painful wound. While moving under fire and encouraging his men he sighted an aidman treating a wounded officer from an adjacent unit. Realizing that both men were in imminent danger of being killed, he rushed forward and positioned himself between them and the enemy nearby. While the wounded officer was being moved to safety S/Sgt. Gertsch was mortally wounded by enemy fire. Without S/Sgt. Gertsch's courage, ability to inspire others, and profound concern for the welfare of his men, the loss of life among his fellow soldiers would have been significantly greater. His conspicuous gallantry, extraordinary heroism, and intrepidity at the cost of his life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and reflect great credit on him and the Armed Forces of his country.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
1940s births
1969 deaths
American military personnel killed in the Vietnam War
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army non-commissioned officers
Recipients of the Silver Star
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Tadeusz Reytan (surname also alternatively spelled as Rejtan, and rarely Reyten; ; ; 20 August 1742 – 8 August 1780) was a nobleman from the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. He was a member of the Sejm of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth from the Nowogródek Voivodeship. Reytan is remembered for a dramatic gesture he made in September 1773, as a deputy of the Partition Sejm. There, Reytan tried to prevent the legalization of the first partition of Poland, a scene that has been immortalized in the painting Rejtan by Jan Matejko. He has been the subject of many other art works, and is a symbol of patriotism in Lithuania, Belarus and Poland. Despite his efforts, the partition of Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth was legalized soon afterwards.
Biography
Tadeusz Rejtan was born on 20 August 1742 in Hruszówka (now Lyakhavichy District of Belarus). The date is as given in the Polish Biographical Dictionary, some other sources give other dates). He was the son of a minor, but relatively wealthy noble, Dominik Rejtan, podkomorzy of Novogrudok and Teresa Wołodkowicz. He was likely the oldest of five brothers. His brother, Michał, would come to hold the position of pisarz (scribe) of Nowogródek. His grandfather, also named Michał, was the skarbnik (treasurer) of Mazyr. The family had been aligned to the powerful Radziwiłł family, and Tadeusz would also pledge his allegiance to them.
Afterwards, he served in the Grand Ducal Lithuanian Army in a cavalry banner. He might have participated in the Bar Confederation (1768–1772), but historians are not certain about the validity of that claim.
In 1773, in the Bar Confederation's aftermath, a special session of the Polish–Lithuanian Sejm was convened in Warsaw, capital of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth by its three neighbours (Russian Empire, Prussia and Austria) in order to legalize their First Partition of Poland. That Sejm became known as the Partition Sejm. Rejtan was one of the deputies that tried to prevent the first partition's legalization, despite threats from the foreign ambassadors. For example, Russian ambassador, Otto von Stackelberg, declared that in the face of refusal the whole capital of Warsaw would be destroyed by the Russians; other threats included executions, confiscation of estates, and increase of partitioned territory.
Rejtan was a deputy to that Sejm, from the constituency of Novogrudok, and the local sejmik gave him very explicit instructions to defend the Commonwealth. On the Sejm's first day (19 April), and possibly even in the discussions on the previous days, Rejtan, working together with the Stanisław Bohuszewicz and Samuel Korsak, strongly protested against the proposal of Adam Poniński who wanted to form a confederated sejm (such as sejm would be immune to the threat of liberum veto). Rejtan's arguments were primarily legal; he argued that Poniński had no right to be the Marshal of the Sejm, and that there are no grounds to form a confederated sejm. He also appropriated one of the two Marshal's staffs. During a discussion with another deputy, Rejtan stated that he was aware that the foreign powers can force the issue, but his intention was to make it clear that any treaty they force through the Sejm would not be unanimously accepted. Rejtan was thus able to disrupt the proceedings on that day. He would attempt to delay and disrupt the proceedings, but he was ignored, overruled and threatened by other deputies, as on 20 April Poniński returned to the Sejm with an escort of Russian and Prussian soldiers. A quickly convened Sejm court begun deliberating on the potential illegality of Rejtan's actions, but little discussion occurred on that day.
The next day, the court sentenced him to imprisonment and confiscation of goods; that was challenged by Rejtan. Eventually, on 21 April, most of the deputies had signed the act of the confederation, which was accepted by the king. Troops made it difficult for the other deputies to be present in the Sejm chambers, although a dwindling number of deputies, including Rejtan, still were present. To finish forming the confederation and elect Poniński its marshal, some confederation deputies entered the Chambers, passed a motion, and were attempting to leave. This is when Rejtan, in a dramatic gesture, is said to have bared his chest and laid himself down in a doorway, blocking the way with his own body in a dramatic attempt to stop the other members from leaving the chamber where the debate was being held (leaving of the chamber signified the end of the discussion, and the acceptance of the motion). Others tried to block the passage too. Their gesture was dramatic but futile, as the leaving deputies just stepped over Rejtan, and in a commotion pushed through the others. Eventually, just a few deputies, including Rejtan, were left inside; they refused to leave, hoping to be removed by foreign troops, which would be a symbol of the foreign intervention. Around 22 April, Rejtan and the remaining colleagues left the Sejm chamber after about 36 hours of having little sleep and food (Rejtan is said to have refused to eat in the Sejm chamber, saying it would disrespect it). Eventually however, they left in return for a guarantee from the foreign diplomats that the sentence passed on him would be nullified, and no other repercussions would be carried out.
Nonetheless Rejtan would face some difficulties, many orchestrated by Poniński, and had asked general Robert Scipio von Lentulus, commander of the Prussian garrison stationed in Warsaw, for an escort, which he received. Rejtan would remain in Warsaw during the next few years (the Partition Sejm lasted till 1776), but his influence diminished. He issued a print manifesto in December 1773, criticizing the current confederated sejm, and supportive of the Bar Confederation, but it received little publicity.
After the partition Rejtan withdrew from political life. He never married. He spent the rest of his days in a small estate at Hruszówka, where he died on 8 August 1780. His mental health had deteriorated; according to some due to distress with the loss of a part of his homeland, but rumours about his erratic behavior date to soon after the Partition Sejm begun in 1773, before its final motions were passed in 1776. He is said to have been escorted by his brothers from Warsaw on 19 March 1775 after he had a fit, and was locked in a small family's mansion which he would never leave up till his death. Eventually he committed suicide, cutting himself with glass (most detailed accounts say he swallowed it, to prevent being taken by pursuing Russian soldiers). His exact place of burial is unknown, and exhumation in Hruszówka in 1930 failed to conclusively find his grave.
Legacy
Rejtan's dramatic attempt to prevent the partition earned him lasting recognition in Poland, one that began even during the proceedings, as he was lauded by some other deputies. His action was also praised as patriotic and respectable by the Prussian and Russian military commanders in Warsaw, who offered him a military escort to protect him from some confederates (particularly Poniński was holding a grudge against him). Soon, brochures and newspaper articles spread the information about his patriotic gesture throughout Poland and abroad. During the Great Sejm of 1788–1792, a decree was passed, commending Rejtan, and deputies discussed a project to put a plaque to his name in the Sejm Chambers. His gesture in the Sejm was less famously repeated by Jan Suchorzewski during that period.
He was, and to the present day is, considered a shining example of a patriot. He has been the subject of many art works, poems, songs and books. Writers who mentioned him included Stanisław Staszic, Franciszek D. Kniaźnin, Adam Mickiewicz, Józef Szujski, Leon Wegner, Seweryn Goszczyński, Jan Lechoń, Artur Oppman, Seweryna Duchińska, Maria Konopnicka, Kazimierz Brończyk, Wiktor Woroszylski, Marian Brandys, and Jerzy Zawieyski. A bust of Rejtan was funded by his family in 1860, and is in the National Museum in Kraków. A small monument of him is said to have collapsed in Kraków in 1946, soon after World War II, and was not rebuilt until 2007. A medal with his face was issued in the Grand Duchy of Poznań in 1860. Several portraits of him exist, including one by Franciszek Smuglewicz. However, his most famous depiction is that by Jan Matejko, who showed a more fictionalized version of the events at the Partition Sejm in his 1866 painting, Rejtan na sejmie warszawskim 21 kwietnia 1773 – upadek Polski (Rejtan at the Warsaw Sejm of 21 April 1773 – the Fall Of Poland). Numerous schools, streets and military units in Poland bear his name as well.
Notes
a Polish historian Jerzy Michalski in his 1988 entry on Rejtan in Polski Słownik Biograficzny notes that historian Wanda Konczyńska found some documents contradicting the extent of Rejtan's mental illness, and suggesting he might have taken part in some business transactions, but the evidence is not conclusive.
References
External links
.
.
1742 births
1780 deaths
Bar confederates
Members of the Sejm of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Polish nobility
Suicides by sharp instrument in Poland
18th-century suicides
Henry Coyle may refer to:
Henry Coyle (boxer) (born 1982), Irish boxer
Henry Coyle (politician) (died 1979), Irish army officer and Cumann na nGaedhael politician
Aakhri Adaalat () is a 1988 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film, directed by Rajiv Mehra. It stars Vinod Khanna, Dimple Kapadia, Jackie Shroff and Sonam.
Plot
Police Inspector Amar (Vinod Khanna) goes on a daring drug bust, ending in the arrest of notorious underworld criminals. Amar's work goes down the drain as the criminals dodge the law and are set free. Amar's seniors assign him a desk job and appoint Sub-Inspector Rima Kapoor (Dimple Kapadia) as Amar's assistant. Amar and Rima fall in love with each other and Amar introduces her to his mother and friend, Nitin (Jackie Shroff). Meanwhile, a vigilante wreaks havoc in the city, killing the members of the underworld. Rima stumbles upon Amar's closet, where she finds a helmet and a jacket worn by the vigilante and Amar is arrested and charged with multiple homicides. Is Amar the vigilante on a killing spree? How far will Amar go to decimate the underworld and restore justice?
Cast
Vinod Khanna as Inspector Amar Kaushal
Dimple Kapadia as Sub-Inspector Reema Kapoor
Jackie Shroff as Nitin Sinha
Sonam as Nisha Sharma
Vinod Mehra as Barrister Shrikant Sharma
Sushma Seth as Mrs. Kaushal
Seema Deo as Mrs. Sinha
A. K. Hangal as Retired Judge Kapoor
Sudhir Dalvi as Police Commissioner
Shafi Inamdar as DSP
Johnny Lever as Havaldar
Gulshan Grover as Shiv Saran
Paresh Rawal as Girja Shankar
Sharat Saxena as Bansidhar
Mahavir Shah as Girdhar
Bob Christo as Goon
Gurbachan as Goon
Roopesh Kumar as Raghunandan
Anjan Srivastav as Dr. Abdul Rehman
Birbal as Chelaramani
Krishan Dhawan as Goon
Mangal Dhillon as Prosecuting Attorney
Rajendra Mehra as Public Prosecutor for Shiv Saran
Huma Khan as Rita
Amrit Pal as Milkman who saw the mystery killer
Soundtrack
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1988 films
Films scored by Anu Malik
Alizai also called Alizay (; ), is an Abdālī Pashtun tribe in southern Afghanistan, Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Punjab of Pakistan. It belongs to the Panjpai confederation of the larger Durrani tribe of Ahmad Shah Baba.
Geographic distribution
In 2007, Alizai tribesmen in the village of Musa Qala in Helmand province united under Mullah Abdul Salam fought alongside the Taliban. Mullah Abdul Salam later agreed to change sides and was appointed by President Hamid Karzai as the governor of Musa Qala district.
Notable people
Abdul Salaam Alizai - Afghan politician
Ahmadullah Alizai - Afghani governor
Zubair Ali Zai - Islamic scholar, theologian
Muhammad Waseem - Pakistani boxer
See also
Ishakzai
Notes and references
External links
Tribal Analysis Center: Ishaqzai Tribe
Complex Operations: Alizai
Durrani Pashtun tribes
Edward Dunsterville was Archdeacon of Kilmacduagh from 1630 until 1637.
Dunsterville was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was a Prebendary of Ferns Cathedral from 1637 to 1638.
His son was Archdeacon of Cloyne from 1661 until 1665.
References
Archdeacons of Kilmacduagh
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
Interactive architecture refers to the branch of architecture which deals with buildings featuring the trio of sensors, processors and effectors, embedded as a core part of its nature and functioning. Interactive architecture encompasses building automation but goes beyond it by including forms of interaction engagements and responses that may lay in pure communication purposes as well as in the emotive and artistic realm, thus entering the field of interactive art.
Interactive architecture part of the Internet of things, a term first coined by Kevin Ashton of Procter & Gamble, later MIT's Auto-ID Center, in 1999, can include both interior and exterior elements. Within the interior, many technologies are competing to see who will emerge as the dominant communicative signal. 4GLTE LTE (telecommunication) being replaced eventually by 5G, is the obvious solution; however, visible light communication or Li-Fi, a term first introduced by Harald Haas during a 2011 TEDGlobal talk in Edinburgh, is gaining ground as research into this type of data transfer method increases. Interactive architecture and designing buildings with this technology embedded in it is essential in the development of smart cities.
Another essential element in the development of a smart city is the landscape architecture. The space in-between buildings used by the public, or the public realm as it is more commonly termed. There are two levels of communication within the public realm and the difference between the two are commonly accepted as the differentiation between IoT and IoE. IoE, or the Internet of Everything, was a phrase first used by Cisco in an attempt to achieve polarity with competitors that had embraced the term IoT. In Cisco's definition, however, they highlighted interaction with the human node as one main difference between IoT and IoE.
The two public realm communication protocols that make that space a smart space are:
The Intelligent Realm, or i-realm, defined as a realm designed with embedded information and communication technology, which allows the silo elements of that space, lighting, ventilation, traffic signals, transportation, waste management, to communicate with one another for the purpose of making that urban area more efficient and effective.
The second communication protocol is the Interactive Realm, defined as incorporating all of the technology needed to create an intelligent realm but in addition, using communication methods such as Global Positioning System, geo-fence, near-field communication and embedded Bluetooth Low Energy, to allow communication between the architecture of the space and the consumers of it. Sometimes referred to as the physical web by Google, an interactive realm uses exterior lighting, bollards, street furniture, bus stops and other elements to communicate to the public via their smartphone or tablet.
Whilst IoT concerns itself with communication between objects in order to make the design more efficient and interactive from an operational stand point. IoE in addition also incorporates communication between embedded objects and user devices. The applications include wayfinding, safety, anti-terrorism, targeted advertising, general information such as history of the space or simply just to make the space more enjoyable.Architecture
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a fullback.
In his home country he plays for the Toyota Industries Shuttles whom he joined in 2015. He was also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season.
References
1992 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Rugby union fullbacks
Toyota Industries Shuttles Aichi players
Sportspeople from Nagasaki Prefecture
Sunwolves players
University of Tsukuba alumni
Ignazio Dolce (born 26 March 1933) is an Italian director and actor.
Life and career
Born in Palermo, Sicily, Dolce graduated at Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia, and starting from the late 1950s he began a career as a character actor. Almost simultaneously he started a parallel career as a second unit director, often collaborating with Gianfranco Parolini and Antonio Margheriti. He debuted as a director in 1975 with the black comedy L'ammazzatina, and in the late 1980s he specialized in low-budget war films, being usually credited as Paul D. Robinson.
Partial filmography
Tough Guys (1960)
The Best of Enemies (1961)
References
External links
1933 births
20th-century Italian people
Italian film directors
Italian male film actors
Male actors from Palermo
Living people
Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia alumni
Film people from Palermo
Abd al-Wahid ibn Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik (; ) was an Umayyad prince and the governor of Mecca and Medina in 747–748 during the reign of Caliph Marwan II (). He fled the post in 747/48 after failing to prevent the takeover of the two Islamic holy cities by the Kharijites during the Ibadi revolt. He was later executed by the Abbasids after their toppling of the Umayyad dynasty.
Early life
Abd al-Wahid was a son of Caliph Sulayman () and a grandson of Caliph Abd al-Malik (). According to a contemporary poem preserved in the 10th-century Kitab al-aghani (Book of Songs), Abd al-Wahid rewarded the Taghlibite poet al-Qutami (d. 747) with fifty camels loaded with wheat, dates and clothing for a panegyric praising the prince during the rule of Caliph Umar II (); Abd al-Wahid made the gift to al-Qutami shortly after hearing that Umar had refused to gift him the thirty camels al-Qutami had requested due to the caliph's apparent disdain for poetry.
Governorship of Mecca and Medina
In 747 Abd al-Wahid was appointed the governor of Mecca and Medina by Caliph Marwan II (), his distant cousin. During the Hajj (annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca) in August 747, Kharijite rebels led by Abu Hamza al-Azdi entered Mecca and Abd al-Wahid entered a truce with them stipulating that each side could resume the Hajj in peace. As the two sides approached Mina, a closing stage of the Hajj, the Kharijites "pushed aside" Abd al-Wahid and the pilgrims he led, according to al-Tabari, leading the pilgrims to criticize the governor for not taking firmer action against Abu Hamza. Afterward, the latter encamped outside Mecca while Abd al-Wahid returned to the governor's palace in Mecca. Abd al-Wahid sent a delegation of Medinese nobles to persuade Abu Hamza to withdraw from the region, but Abu Hamza refused and Abd al-Wahid consequently abandoned Mecca to the Kharijites, who entered without a fight.
Upon returning to Medina, Abd al-Wahid mobilized an army of local volunteers and appointed to its command his distant kinsman, Abd al-Aziz ibn Abd Allah ibn Amr, a great-grandson of Caliph Uthman (). On their way to Mecca, the Medinese volunteers, who lacked military experience, were ambushed by the Kharijites at the village of Qudayd between Medina and Mecca and Abd al-Aziz was slain. The Kharijites subsequently entered Medina in late 747 or early 748, spurring Abd al-Wahid to flee for Syria, the center of the Umayyad Caliphate.
Death and descendants
In the aftermath of the toppling of the Umayyads and invasion of Syria by the Abbasids in 750, Abd al-Wahid went into hiding among friendly Arab tribes until being pardoned and promised safety by the Abbasid authorities. Later that year, however, he was executed with numerous other Umayyads by the Abbasids in Jund Filastin (military district of Palestine) at a banquet at an estate along Nahr Abi Futrus (Antipatris river), in the village of Qalansawa, or in the court of the Abbasid caliph al-Saffah (). According to the last account, Abd al-Wahid was singled out and seated next to the Abbasid caliph in honor of certain favors Abd al-Wahid had once granted the Abbasid family; after the caliph ordered his guards to execute the other Umayyads brought to his court by bashing in their skulls with maces, he reportedly told Abd al-Wahid "there is no point in you staying alive after your people and your power have gone", but granted him the dignity of death by the sword.
A number of Umayyads fled the massacres of their family in Syria, Iraq, Egypt and Arabia and found refuge in al-Andalus (the Iberian Peninsula) where Abd al-Rahman I, a son of Abd al-Wahid's cousin Mu'awiya ibn Hisham, established the Cordoba-based Umayyad emirate in 756. The sources record a number of descendants of Abd al-Wahid's sons Abd al-Malik and Abd al-Salam playing active roles in the emirate, including a sixth-generation descendant of the former, Abd al-Malik ibn Muhammad al-Sulaymani (d. 970).
References
Bibliography
750 deaths
8th-century Arabs
8th-century executions by the Abbasid Caliphate
Sons of Umayyad caliphs
Umayyad governors of Medina
Jónasson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning son of Jónas. In Icelandic names the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:
Hermann Jónasson (1896–1976), Icelandic politician; prime minister of Iceland 1934–42 and 1956–58
Kristján B. Jónasson (contemporary), Icelandic book publisher
Surnames
Alpha 5 is a fictional character from the television series Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. A fully self-aware artificial intelligence, he is the robotic assistant of the Power Rangers, and resides in their base of operations, the Command Center along their mentor Zordon. The character is known for his "Aye-yi-yi-yi-yi!" catchphrase.
Alpha 5 has been physically portrayed by multiple actors: Romy J. Sharf, Sandi Sellner and Donene Kistler in the television series, and Peta-Maree Rixon in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie. Richard Steven Horvitz voiced Alpha 5 for the character's appearances in most Power Rangers franchise media, starting from Mighty Morphin Power Rangers television series until Power Rangers Turbo, which marked the character's final appearance in the Power Rangers television series. In the 2017 reboot film, Alpha 5 is a CGI character voiced by Bill Hader. Various merchandise for the character, as with other of the series' characters, has been released since the inception of the Power Rangers franchise.
Character overview
Alpha 5 appears as a recurring supporting character for the Power Rangers in the series. His role is to provide communications support for the Rangers on their missions and is responsible for maintenance of the Command Center. He also serves as the Rangers' technician, constructing weapons for them to use against their opponents. He is best known for his signature catchphrase, "Aye-yi-yi-yi-yi!", usually uttered by the character when he is distressed or excited. Alpha 5's original iteration is described by Nicholas Mojica of International Business Times as a "vintage robot look"; his head is shaped like a golden flying saucer, adorned with a visor that flashes when he is speaking. Another one of the character's visual cues is an inverted yellow stylized lightning bolt similar to the Power Rangers' lightning bolt symbol on his chest.
The character is depicted as naive and childlike in temperament, and often behaves like a surrogate younger sibling to the Power Rangers wanting to spend time with them.
Creation and development
Richard Horvitz, credited as "Richard Wood" for the Power Rangers series, developed Alpha's catchphrase when the series was in development. Horvitz also voiced Alpha 5's future successor, Alpha 7, in the Power Rangers Wild Force episode Forever Red.
Romy J. Sharf physically portrayed Alpha 5 for 89 episodes of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers series as well as the Alpha's Magical Christmas holiday special. Sandi Sellner took over the role for 45 episodes in seasons 2 and 3. Donene Kistler, who also worked as a production assistant on the series, assumed the role for the remainder of Alpha 5's appearances in the series. Kistler would go on to portray Alpha 5's successor, Alpha 6, for Power Rangers Turbo and Power Rangers In Space.
Appearances
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Alpha 5 debuted in the first episode of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and provides a support role for the titular protagonists. Though he is a non-combatant, Alpha 5 has occasionally been involved in direct engagements with enemy forces. In "Green with Evil: Part 1", Rita sent the brainwashed Green Ranger to sabotage the Command Center; he slipped a virus-infected CD-ROM into Alpha's inner workings, which causes him to convulse violently. After Billy repaired his circuitry and removed the virus, Alpha later captured the Green Ranger in a force field, but Rita rescued him before Alpha could reveal his identity. In one episode, Alpha 5 left the Command Center on Zordon's instructions to retrieve a magical item known as the "Singing Squash" to undo a spell placed on Kimberly and Billy. he encountered Rita's Putty Patrol, but manages to disabled his attackers with his internal defense and the magical squash.
In the second season of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Alpha had three encounters with Lord Zedd's forces. In The Wannabe Ranger, he attempted to assist a little boy lost in Angel Grove Park, but was attacked by the Primator, a shapeshifting gorilla monster who disguised himself as Billy and tried to trick Alpha into taking him to the Command Center. Alpha activated his self-destruct sequence to protect the Command Center, but seemed unable to deactivate it once the Primator left, and it was necessary for the Rangers to do so. Later in the season, he would leave the Command Center to rescue the now-regressed Rangers, who had been trapped within a photograph by the Photomare monster after being regressed into children. In his attempt to capture the photo, Alpha was confronted by both Photomare and Goldar, but he was able to freeze both villains with a device of his and escape. Near the end of the season, in The Wedding, he was ambushed by Finster and the Putties as he took a hike outside the Command Center. Just as the Green Ranger had, Finster inserted a disc into Alpha's circuits, but instead of delivering a virus, this CD warped Alpha's personality into an evil, obnoxious brat, who assisted Zedd and Rita by tricking the Rangers into an abandoned theater (which Finster proceeded to fill with monsters). Alpha also cut the Rangers off from Zordon and the Thunderzords. When Zordon's pleas for him to stop annoyed him, Alpha comically altered Zordon's image before shutting him off completely. Billy eventually removed the disc from Alpha, instantly returning him to normal.
In the third season, it was revealed that Alpha was constructed on the planet Edenoi, located in the Andromeda constellation by King Lexian, the grandfather of the Masked Rider. The Power Rangers, minus a sick Kimberly, later team up with the Masked Rider against Count Dregon and his forces in a crossover episode.
Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers
Alpha initially saved the Command Center from destruction by defusing an implosion generator planted there by Rito and Goldar, though the duo's second attempt was successful as they managed to infiltrate the Command Center's basement to place Lord Zedd's detonation device. They discovered the deactivated remains of Alpha 4, Alpha 5's obsolete predecessor. Subsequently, they placed one of the detonators on Alpha 4's body, and the Center was later destroyed in the explosion.
Power Rangers Zeo
Alpha 5 was later shown to have survived the events of Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers, as he is discovered to be safe within the secondary base, the Power Chamber. Now assisted by Billy, Alpha 5 continued to serve the Rangers (now the Power Rangers Zeo) as they battled the Machine Empire. A brief encounter with the Cogs resulted badly for Alpha, being short-circuited by an electric shock from one of their spears.
Power Rangers Turbo
When Zordon left for his home planet of Eltar (in Shift Into Turbo), Alpha 5 went with him, saddened that he was leaving the Rangers behind. The two later briefly returned in Passing of the Torch, in which Tommy, Adam, Kat, and Tanya retired from their Ranger duties. In this episode, Alpha 5 is shown in his original body. This episode would be his last appearance in the franchise, as his role in the Power Rangers series is replaced by Alpha 6. Alpha 5 was last mentioned in the franchise, as the creator of the robotic versions of the Turbo Rangers in the episode "The Robot Ranger".
Reception
Alpha 5 is noted as a "beloved" and "lovable" comic relief character of the Power Rangers franchise by various sources. Joe Anderton from Digital Spy opined that while Alpha 5 looked like he was "made out of whatever props they could find", to him the character's "goofy little walk and head tilt made him feel human and relatable, as if those blinking red lights were eyes". Jessica Lachenal from The Mary Sue thought Alpha 5's appearance, which resembled a Geordi La Forge-style visor which light up whenever he speaks, was "adorable" and "endearing".
In other media
Movies
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie
Peta-Maree Rixon physically portrayed Alpha 5 as the suit actor for Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie. Like the film's other character costumes, the Alpha 5 suit Rixon donned was specifically designed for the movie.
Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie
In Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie, Alpha gains a new, streamlined body. His plating appears to be more reflective, and his lightning bolt was now an arrow pointing straight down.
Power Rangers (2017 film)
In the 2017 reboot film, Alpha 5 is a CGI character portrayed by Bill Hader. Hader acted out Alpha 5's movements in a motion-capture suit, and provides the voiced dialogue for the character in the recording booth. To promote the film, Lionsgate launched a "chat bot" app, which features a completely personalized, spontaneous chat with Alpha 5. The app was cross-platform, enabling app users to chat with Alpha 5 on either Facebook Messenger, Kik, or Twitter in the role of a potential Power Ranger candidate, and receive exclusive content for the film as reward for the interaction.
The film's iteration of Alpha 5 has a bio-mechanical look that uses darker hues of the original design's red and blue colors, with a pair of eye stalks dangling from the saucer-shaped head as opposed to a visor. Like his original TV series iteration, Alpha 5 is an android aide of Zordon; however, he has a less convivial relationship with the teenagers and is skeptical of their competence as the new Power Rangers.
Alpha 5's drastically different design from the original iteration received a mixed response, with some journalists labeling it "weird", "horrifying", or "nightmarish". The Los Angeles Times and International Business Times both reported on strong disapproval from series fans in response to the reveal of Alpha 5's redesign. Phillip Martinez from Player One dissented and opined that the redesign, though aesthetically jarring, matched the visual language of the film's Power Rangers iteration.
The decision to cast Hader as Alpha 5 was mostly well received by journalists. Jacob Stolworthy from The Independent considered the casting to be "odd". Joshua Rivera from GQ Magazine expressed his concerns about the film's creation direction, and wondered if Hader would adopt Alpha 5's "classic high-pitched fretting", Alpha 6's "weirdly nasal Long Island stylings", or if he would approach the role as the "latest Stefon joint". Andy Webster, in a review of the 2017 film for The New York Times, commented that "Hader's dialed-down take" of the character "reflects the movie's tempered refinement of the original".
Alpha's Magical Christmas
Alpha 5 is the main character of Alpha's Magical Christmas, a direct-to-video musical Christmas special produced during Season 2 of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. The Rangers are away at the North Pole assisting Santa Claus in preparation for the Christmas holidays, while Alpha remains with Zordon for Christmas at the Command Center. Despite Zordon's presence, Alpha feels miserable from his loneliness. Zordon cheers Alpha up by presenting a Christmas tree to him, then follows that up by teleporting a group of children to the Command Center to sing Christmas carols with Alpha. Together they sing such carols as "Good King Wenceslas", "Deck the Halls", "Here We Come A-Caroling", "Jingle Bells" and "Silent Night". After the children leave via the "magical portal", Tommy, Kimberly and Billy teleport to the Command Center in their ranger suits, and the cast perform "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" to end the special.
Comics
Alpha 5 appears as a recurring character in the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers comic series, published by Boom! Studios. It is a modern alternate retelling of the TV series of the same name, and has no connections to any past media or the 2017 reboot film.
Promotion and merchandise
Like many Power Rangers series characters, various merchandise has been made of Alpha 5 since the inception of the franchise.
Notes
References
Fictional characters introduced in 1993
Fictional artificial intelligences
Fictional humanoid robots
Fictional technopaths
Power Rangers characters
Television sidekicks
Kilvidi Seshachari (2 January 187525 January 1917) was an Indian cricketer and a member of the first Indian cricket team to tour England in 1911. He played for the Hindus team as a wicket-keeper in the Bombay Presidency tournaments between 1902 and 1912. He was considered the best wicket-keeper in India in reports from the period. In addition to the Hindus cricket team in Bombay and the Indian team that toured England, Seshachari played for the Ootacamund Civilians and the Maharaja of Natore's cricket teams.
Biography
Seshachari was born on 2 January 1875 in Madras, in what was then British India into an Iyengar Tamil Brahmin family. He took up playing cricket in his teens and soon became a well known wicket-keeper. He played during this period as a member of various minor clubs before being elected a member of the "Premier Hindu Club of Southern India". Some of the records of the period have Seshachari listed as an alumnus of Dulwich College in London, England.
In the early 1900s, Seshachari moved to Ootacamund, in Southern India, to work. There he was formally trained as a cricketer by Europeans who played the game, including the missionary and cricketer, Charles Studd who was a pastor in the local church. It was here that Seshachari practised his wicket-keeping skills with balls being thrown at him indiscriminately, improving his reflexes. Records from the period called him the best stumper in India. During this time, he helped the United Hindus draw a game against the visiting Oxford Authentics in 1902. He continued to travel to Bombay to play for the Hindus cricket team in the annual Bombay Presidency cricket tournament. A report in the 1903 Indian Sporting Times about his performance for United Hindus against the Parsees said, "Seshachari is a stumper of the highest order, and has no equal in India." Building on strong performances in the tournament he was picked for the 1904 tour of the team to England, which was later aborted. He was recruited in 1906 by the Maharaja of Natore in Bengal in a successful attempt to defeat the all-European Calcutta Cricket Club. He continued to play for the team through the early 1910s. In this same period, work in the plantations kept him busy, although he played regularly for the Hindus in Bombay, Ootacamund Civilians, and for the Maharaja of Natore's teams.
Seshachari was a member of the Indian cricket team that toured England in 1911, under the captaincy of the 19-year-old Bhupinder Singh of Patiala. He was one of the three Hindu Brahmin men on the team; the other two being Bangalore Jayaram and Mukundrao Pai from Bombay. In addition to Hindus, the team had representation from the Parsee and Muslims cricket teams, making it the first all-Indian team to tour the British Isles. In the tour, Seshachari, as the wicket-keeper, made for a formidable pair with spinner Palwankar Baloo. Despite his personal success behind the stumps, the team's collective performance was considered sub-par, winning only 2 of the 23 games that they played.
Seshachari played his last match in the Bombay Quadrangular in 1912. After this, he played only occasionally for the Maharaja of Natore's team. He returned to London in 1913, with a report in the July 1913 edition of the Cricket magazine calling him one among the "two best wicket-keepers who have ever represented overseas teams in England", with the other one being the South African wicket-keeper Ernest Halliwell. He remained associated with the game as an umpire, including officiating the finals of the 1913/14 edition of the Bombay Quadrangular in which the Hindus drew against the Muslims.
Seshachari died from pneumonia on 25 January 1917 at Calcutta Medical College. He was aged 42.
Notes
References
External links
1875 births
1917 deaths
Deaths from pneumonia in India
Indian cricketers
Hindus cricketers
People educated at Dulwich College
Members of the first Indian cricket team to tour England in 1911
Indian Hindus
Tamil Brahmins
Antonia de Sancha (born 14 September 1961 in Hammersmith, London) is an English actress and businesswoman best known as the former mistress of British Conservative Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister David Mellor which became public knowledge in 1992.
She is the daughter of a Spanish film producer father, who died in the mid-1980s,<ref>Neil Tweedle & Tom Rowley "Whatever happened to Antonia de Sancha - the kiss-and-tell lover who brought down David Mellor?", telegraph.co.uk 1 February 2013. The Telegraph piece says 1985, the Irish Independent 1984.</ref> and a Swedish mother who, suffering from severe depression, committed suicide 18 months later, shortly before her daughter began studies at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. At the time of the revelations of her affair, de Sancha was described by some news outlets as a "soft-porn actress" because she had played the part of a prostitute in a film in which she had simulated sex. The affair with Mellor was a contributory factor in his subsequent resignation from the cabinet on 24 September 1992.
Believing her acting career was ruined and aware that newspapers were making money out of the story and she was not, de Sancha hired publicist Max Clifford to sell her story to various newspapers. She made about £30,000 from those sales.
The furore that followed publication left her deeply unhappy. "It was emotional rape", de Sancha told an interviewer ten years after the scandal referring to the bugging of her flat which led to the affair being made public. She had scarcely any work as an actress since the scandal, and considered the scandal as the reason a subsequent marriage failed.
She was the subject of an instalment of the Discovery Channel documentary series The Mistress'' in 2002. De Sancha now runs an Indian textile importing business in Portobello Road, Kensington, west London.
See also
Back to Basics (campaign)
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
English film actresses
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Actresses from London
People from Hammersmith
English people of Swedish descent
English people of Spanish descent
Faiza Aissahine (born 20 July 1993) is a judoka who competes internationally for Algeria. She is a gold medalist at the African games.
Achievements
Aissahine won the African Open in Yaounde in 2018 U52kg. She won a gold medal at the African Games in Rabat in 2019 and also the African Championship 2022.
Aissahine has won two gold medals in continental championships, two in continental open. She has won silver at an international tournament and has also won 5 bronze in total.
She lost her bronze medal match in the women's 52 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria.
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
Algerian female judoka
African Games medalists in judo
African Games gold medalists for Algeria
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Algeria
20th-century Algerian women
21st-century Algerian women
MIA PaCa-2 is a human pancreatic cancer cell line used extensively in pancreatic cancer research and therapy development.
In 1977, MIA PaCa-2 cells were derived from the carcinoma of a 65-year-old male.
The cells exhibit CK5.6, AE1/AE3, E-cadherin, vimentin, chromogranin A, synaptophysin, SSTR2, and NTR1, but not CD56. The cells have a round, epithelial morphology, and are adherent in cell culture.
MIA PaCa-2 has served for decades as a model of pancreatic cancer, and studies of MIA PaCa-2 physiology have helped clarify the mechanisms of carcinogenesis in pancreatic cancer, aid the development of cancer cell lysates targeting IgG production, and augmented drug-delivery methods relying on quantum dots.
See also
DU145
PANC-1
BxPC-3
References
External links
Cellosaurus entry for MIA-Paca-2
Human cell lines
T. Wingate Andrews High School is a public magnet high school in High Point, North Carolina and part of the Western region of the Guilford County school district. The school enrolls students in grades 9 through 12, follows the traditional school calendar, and runs on a daily schedule of 4 blocks (classes of 90 minutes each), with lunch periods for students during their 3rd block. Andrews has been designated to receive additional support, resources, and incentives as a federal Title I school.
T. Wingate Andrews High School was opened in 1968 with Samuel E. Burford as its first principal. This school was built specifically to follow the federal mandate to integrate the races in the United States, and Burford's selection was notable as he was African American. Students were drawn from the black high school, former William Penn High School (now Penn-Griffin School for the Arts) and from the white high school, High Point Central High School. It was named after Thomas Wingate Andrews (1882–1937), who served as superintendent of High Point schools.
The current principal is Marcus Gause, formerly the principal of the Early College at NC A&T, a non-traditional public high school in Greensboro, NC. Gause took the position beginning in the 2017–2018 school year.
Rivalries and traditions
The school has long had a sports-based rivalry with High Point Central High School, which has led to several cases of vandalism between the two schools. The annual varsity football game between the two schools is highlight of the year for current students and alumnae.
Facilities
Construction on the original school campus finished in 1968. A three-story annex was completed in 2001, along with an auxiliary gym and a drama room. The cafeteria was also renovated and the HVAC system upgraded around that time. The original main building at the school is still in use while the annex contains additional classrooms and the Aviation Academy and Early College of Health Sciences.
The Andrews football teams play home games at the 10,000-seat A.J. Simeon Stadium, the largest stadium in High Point, which also hosts sporting events for High Point Central High School.
Academics
School departments include Athletics/Physical Education (PE), Cultural Arts, Career and Technical Education (CTE), English, Math, Science, Social Studies, and World Languages. Andrews offers a selection of Advanced Placement courses as well as specialized academic magnet programs, including the Aviation Academy and the Early College of Health Sciences.
The Aviation Academy at Andrews High School is an Early College program which provides free college classes and free college textbooks for students interested in aviation or engineering careers. Students can earn an associate degree from Guilford Technical Community College (GTCC) while still in high school. Credits transfer to other colleges and universities, such as Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University or NC State. The program also provides paid internships at aviation businesses, job shadowing opportunities, and FAA licenses and industry certifications, such as SolidWorks and AutoCAD. The five main tracks of the program are engineering, pilot, airframe & powerplant mechanic (A&P), avionics technician, and aviation business.
The Andrews Early College of Health Science offers an opportunity for motivated students to prepare for a future career in the field of health sciences to include nursing, biotechnology, respiratory therapy, physical therapy, pharmacy or medicine to name a few. Students have the opportunity to participate in internships through their courses to gain practical experience in their field of interest. Students in the program complete a rigorous high school curriculum during their freshman, sophomore, and junior years, which prepares them to take first-year college courses, earning dual credit, as a high school senior and a college student. Guilford County Schools (GCS) pays for tuition and non-consumable text books. Students who complete this program earn an Early College diploma in addition to the GCS high school diploma.
From 2012 to 2016, Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) was another key program at Andrews. According to the school website, "Our first cohort of students began in the fall of 2012 in the 9th grade. AVID is a yearlong elective course taken during the school day. Students are enrolled in the course after completing an application and interview process. During the AVID elective, students learn organizational and study skills, work on critical thinking and asking probing questions, get academic help from peers and college tutors, and participate in enrichment and motivational activities that make college seem attainable. As students progress in AVID, their self-images improve, and they become academically successful students, leaders, and role models for other students. AVID targets students in the academic middle who have the desire to go to college and the willingness to work hard. These are students who are capable of completing rigorous curriculum, but are falling short of reaching their potential. Typically, they will be the first in their families to attend college, and many are from low-income or minority families. AVID pulls these students out of their unchallenging courses and puts them on the college track: acceleration instead of remediation." The AVID program was discontinued in the 2016–2017 school year due to budgeting constraints.
Athletics
Andrews is currently a 2A school with an outstanding athletic program. In the 2015–2016 school year, Derek Anderson became the current athletic director. Anderson had previously coached football and track at Andrews from 2003 until 2007. Sports include soccer, basketball, football, baseball, track, cross-country, softball, cheerleading, and volleyball. As of the 2009–2010 school year, Andrews is in PAC6 2A Conference. Eleven of its alumni football players have gone on to play in the National Football League. Several students each year receive athletic scholarships for college, particularly for football, track & field, and women's basketball.
Arts
Andrews offers fine arts classes in visual arts, music, and drama.
Notable alumni
Tony Baker, NFL running back
Fantasia Barrino, R&B singer, songwriter, actress, author, and season three winner of American Idol
Ted Brown, NFL running back and member of the College Football Hall of Fame
Lawrence Chandler, Composer, musician, producer and founding member of Bowery Electric
Johnny Evans, NFL and CFL punter and quarterback
Marcus Gilchrist, NFL safety
William Hayes, NFL defensive end
Greg Jeffries, NFL safety
Junior Robinson, NFL defensive back
Emily Spivey, television writer and producer. Former writer for Saturday Night Live
Tony Washington, NFL wide receiver
Adrian Wilson, NFL safety and 5x pro bowl selection
References
External links
T. Wingate Andrews High School - Official GCS Page
NC School Report Card for T. Wingate Andrews High School
Buildings and structures in High Point, North Carolina
Public high schools in North Carolina
Schools in Guilford County, North Carolina
Magnet schools in North Carolina
1968 establishments in North Carolina
Educational institutions established in 1968
Corey Davis may refer to:
Corey Davis (offensive lineman) (born 1985), American football offensive lineman
Corey Davis (wide receiver) (born 1995), American football wide receiver
Corey Davis Jr. (born 1997), American basketball player
Corey Shoblom Davis (born 1979), American entrepreneur and philanthropist
The 1964 Bexley Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Bexley, Municipal Borough of Erith, Chislehurst and Sidcup Urban District and Crayford Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Bexley by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 157 candidates stood in the election for the 56 seats being contested across 20 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 50 and 47 respectively. Other candidates included 3 Independents and 1 Communist. There were 13 three-seat wards, 4 two-seat wards, 2 four-seat wards and 1 single-seat ward.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got 7 aldermen and the Conservatives 2.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 22 after winning 39 of the 56 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 47.1%. This turnout included 1,126 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Deh Now-e Lakzi (, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Lakzī; also known as Deh Now-ye Lagzī, Deh-i-Nau, Dehnow, Deh Now-e Lagzī, and Dehnow-e Lagzī) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 49 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
José Néstor Pékerman Krimen (; born 3 September 1949) is an Argentine professional football coach and current manager of the Venezuela national team. As a youth level coach for Argentina, he won the FIFA World Youth Championship three times, and the U20 South American Youth Championship twice. He coached the Argentina national football team in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and became coach of the Colombian national team in 2012. He subsequently managed the Colombian national team during the 2014 and 2018 FIFA World Cups where he led the team to their best result in 2014, their first World Cup qualification after 16 years of absence.
Player career
Pékerman's career as a footballer was uneventful. A midfielder, he played from 1970 to 1974 for Argentinos Juniors scoring 12 goals in 134 matches. He was transferred to Independiente Medellín, in Colombia, where he scored 15 goals in 101 matches.
His player days ended at age 28 with a serious knee injury. Pékerman supported himself and his family with various odd jobs, including a stint as a taxi driver.
Coaching career
Youth coaching
Back in Argentina, Pékerman worked as a youth coach for Chacarita Juniors and then occupied the same position with Argentinos Juniors. He then moved to Chile to coach Colo-Colo's youth divisions.
In 1994, he was offered to coach the Argentina national under-20 and under-17 sides by the Argentine Football Association. This caused some surprise as his résumé did not include any major achievements at this stage. He teamed up with Hugo Tocalli and coach Eduardo Urtasun.
Pékerman's success, however, silenced the critics: his under-20 team won the FIFA World Youth Championship three times, 1995 (Qatar), 1997 (Malaysia), and 2001 (Argentina), thus giving the names to his three pet dogs - Qatar, Malaysia and Argentina. The team also won the two South American Youth Championships in 1997 and 1999.
When the national coach Daniel Passarella resigned after the 1998 World Cup, Pékerman was offered his position. He declined, assuming instead the position of general manager of all national teams. Marcelo Bielsa was hired as coach on Pékerman's recommendation, and remained in charge until after Argentina's gold medal performance in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
In 2003, Pékerman moved to Spain at the behest of Argentine businessman Daniel Grinbank, who had acquired Spanish Second Division side CD Leganés. After a few months serving as director of football, the project crumbled and Pékerman left Spain.
When Marcelo Bielsa resigned as coach, Pékerman was one of the two candidates for the coaching job, alongside Carlos Bianchi, who had left Boca Juniors a few months earlier, and wanted to take a sabbatical year away from football.
Argentina
On 15 September 2004, Pékerman was named coach of Argentina, which qualified for the 2006 World Cup. The nation dominated its initial two group stage matches and drew with the Netherlands in the third match, emerging on top of their group on goal difference. The Albicelestes then moved on to the round of 16, beating Mexico 2–1 after extra time in a comeback victory.
In the quarter-finals, Argentina went ahead 1–0 against hosts Germany, but shortly before the end of the match, Germany equalised through a Miroslav Klose header. Germany would go on to win on penalties, sending Argentina out of the tournament. Pékerman made defensive substitutions, including taking off Juan Román Riquelme for Esteban Cambiasso, and after the loss, announced his resignation. Argentine Football Association (AFA) President Julio Grondona tried to dissuade Pékerman from leaving, but it was later announced that Alfio Basile, who had previously coached Argentina during the 1994 World Cup, would replace him as coach.
Coaching in Mexico
On 30 May 2007, Pékerman resumed his coaching career, taking up the position of head coach of Club Toluca in Mexico, replacing fellow Argentine Américo Gallego. At the end of the Clausura 2008 tournament, he was replaced by José Manuel de la Torre.
On 23 February 2009, Pékerman was appointed as the head coach of UANL Tigres after the sacking of Manuel Lapuente following a series of bad results. After the end of Clausura 2009, however, he was terminated and replaced by Daniel Guzmán.
In July 2010, it had been reported that Pékerman was in serious talks with the Australian national team, as well as talks with the Japanese national team about taking over the role as senior manager following the resignation of their managers.
Colombia
In January 2012, Pékerman became the new coach of the Colombian national team, replacing ousted coach Leonel Álvarez. Pékerman was the third coach of the Colombian team during the South American World Cup qualifiers; before Álvarez, Hernán Darío Gómez was at the helm. For his first match, a friendly against Mexico, Pékerman impressed, with the Colombians completely taking control of the friendly in an eventual 2–0 victory. In his first qualifying match for the 2014 World Cup, a struggling Colombia managed to win 0–1 over Peru in Lima. Pékerman, however, was criticized for using a long-range style of play rather than a close midfield passing control. This resulted in a weak Colombian side that lost to Ecuador 1–0 away from home, his first defeat.
In his home debut, Pékerman orchestrated an astonishing comeback as Colombia demolished 2011 Copa América champions Uruguay 4–0 in the seventh round of World Cup qualifiers. Under his direction, Colombia also won 1–3 away over Chile and 2–0 over Paraguay at home in Barranquilla. A few days later, Pékerman experimented without many star players such as Radamel Falcao and James Rodríguez against Cameroon, resulting in a comfortable 3–0 home victory. For the last match of 2012, Colombia drew 2014 World Cup hosts Brazil 1–1 despite missing two of the squad's star players.
In the opening match of 2013, Pékerman experimented yet again, this time against the Guatemala side; he used only substitutes in a 4–1 victory, opting not to deploy senior stars, including Radamel Falcao. During the next round of qualifiers, Pékerman continued with the promising 4–2–2–2 formation that facilitated Colombia's comfortable defeat of Bolivia in a 5–0 home victory. Pékerman, however, decided to use a different formation in the match, 4–4–1–1, which led to a shocking 1–0 away loss to neighbours Venezuela. He was heavily criticized for experimenting with his side's formation, a loss that took the nation from second to third place in the qualifying table. In the match against his home nation Argentina, Pékerman changed the lineup and formation to better "deal" with the South American giants, which led to a hard-fought 0–0 draw. Despite this, Pékerman was again questioned with his lineup choices.
After Colombia qualified for the 2014 World Cup after a 3–3 home draw against Chile, Pékerman expressed his joy for helping Colombia return to the World Cup for the first time in 16 years, considering it to be "one of the greatest joys in his life." Following Colombia's qualification, Pékerman received Colombian citizenship from Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia. However, he did not accept it.
Colombia won all three of its group matches (scoring nine goals and conceding only two) and went on to defeat Uruguay in the Round of 16 before losing to the host nation of Brazil in the quarter-finals. In August 2014, Pékerman extended his contract with Colombia until 2018.
For the second consecutive time, Pékerman qualified Colombia for the FIFA World Cup this time for the 2018 edition in Russia. Colombia suffered a controversial defeat in their first group stage game against a well-organized and determined Japan, but then came out much stronger to inflict a 3–0 victory over Poland (effectively knocking them out of the tournament in the process). After beating Senegal 1–0 in the last game of the group stage, Colombia qualified to the round of 16 as first in their group. After a bitter and contested match, Colombia lost 4–3 on penalties to England after a 1–1 draw. In September 2018, Pékerman decided not to renew his contract, and left his position as Colombia manager after six years in charge.
Venezuela
In November 2021, Pékerman became the head coach of Venezuela.
Honours
Manager
Argentina U20
South American Youth Championship: 1997, 1999; runner-up 1995, 2001
FIFA U-20 World Cup: 1995, 1997, 2001
Argentina
FIFA Confederations Cup runner-up: 2005
Individual
South American Coach of the Year: 2012, 2013, 2014
IFFHS Best National Coach of the Year Nominee: 2013 (5th)
Management style and legacy
Pékerman is known for his tactical management style, often selecting the players that fit his style of coaching, regardless of how talented a player is. Pékerman can make controversial selections with line-ups against certain teams. He experimented heavily with the Argentinean youth squads when he was coaching them.
Before the 2006 World Cup began, Pékerman made the controversial decision to drop established defenders Javier Zanetti and Walter Samuel. When Argentina was eliminated by Germany in the quarter-finals, his substitution decision caused storms of criticism, as well. Despite the dramatic loss, Pékerman was still hailed by many fans and press as a very effective coach and the "Pékerman Era" is regarded as one that brought a lot of pride to the country. His team lost its temper after the elimination and instigated a huge brawl, which was believed to be a major factor in his resignation.
Managerial statistics
Statistics accurate as of 27 September 2022
Personal life
Pékerman was born in Villa Domínguez, Entre Ríos. His grandparents, who were Ukrainian Jews, immigrated from Ukraine and settled in the agricultural colonies of Entre Ríos Province.
Following Colombia's qualification for the 2014 World Cup, Pekerman stated his desire to be a naturalized Colombian, which was granted by President Juan Manuel Santos the following day.
References
External links
Biography by FIFA
About Pekerman
1949 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Entre Ríos Province
Association football midfielders
Argentine footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Independiente Medellín footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate football managers in Chile
Expatriate football managers in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Argentine football managers
Argentina national under-20 football team managers
Argentina national football team managers
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup managers
2006 FIFA World Cup managers
2014 FIFA World Cup managers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. managers
Tigres UANL managers
Colombia national football team managers
Argentine Jews
Jewish footballers
Jewish Argentine sportspeople
Argentine people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Argentine emigrants to Colombia
2015 Copa América managers
Copa América Centenario managers
2018 FIFA World Cup managers
Argentine expatriate football managers
Argentine taxi drivers
Venezuela national football team managers
The Principality of Svaneti () was a small principality (samtavro) in the Svaneti region of the Greater Caucasus mountains that emerged following the breakup of the Kingdom of Georgia in the late 15th century. It was ruled successively by the houses of Gelovani and Dadeshkeliani, and was annexed to the Russian Empire in 1858.
Early history
Svaneti lies in northwestern Georgia, along two broad upland valleys located to the south of Mount Elbrus – the upper Enguri River valley in the west and the upper Ts'khenis-Ts'k'ali and its tributary, the Kheladula, in the east. In the period of Georgian unity (1008–1463), it was a duchy (saeristavo) within the Bagratid kingdom of Georgia ruled first by the house of Vardanidze from the late 11th to the 14th century, and then by that of Gelovani which established themselves as virtually independent princes when Georgia fragmented, in the 1460s (officially 1490/1491), into three kingdoms – Kartli, Kakheti, and Imereti – and several regional principalities and feudal enclaves.
A series of Ottoman invasions and civil wars in western Georgia resulted in a breakdown of communications and the mountainous regions became increasingly isolated. In Svaneti, a medieval feudal system effectively collapsed and once flourishing regional Georgian Orthodox culture went in decline to the point of reversal to some pagan practices. The highlanders of Svaneti entrenched themselves in their difficultly accessible villages fortified with chains of defensive towers and were only passively involved in the turmoil that filled Georgia, leading to the relative lack of written records about Svaneti from that period. Their relations with the neighbors on the other side of the Caucasus range, chiefly Kabarda and Balkars, were often hostile, although trade via mountainous passes and intermarriages among the noble families were also common.
Civil strife and Russian annexation
Between the 17th and 19th centuries, Svaneti fragmented into three political entities. The first, Lower Svaneti in the upper Ts'khenis-Ts'k'ali valley, dominated by the clans of Gelovani and Gardabkhadze, was gradually subjugated by the Dadiani princes of Mingrelia and came to be known as Dadiani Svaneti. The second, Upper Svaneti, lay along the upper reaches of the Enguri river for whose control the families of Richgviani and Dadeshkeliani vied. The latter clan emerged as the eventual winners by the 1720s and established their rule on the territory to the west of the Enguri, which henceforth came to be known as Dadeshkeliani Svaneti (Principality of Svaneti). The communities to the east of the Enguri seceded, however, and organized themselves into a confederation of clans which was deprived of any centralized government and was known as "Free Svaneti".
In the 1820s, the Principality of Svaneti effectively split into two as a result of a blood feud between the rival Dadeshkeliani branches. Through the mediation by the princes of Mingrelia, both branches accepted nominal Russian suzerainty in 1833 as did the Free Svanetian communities in 1840. Nevertheless, they continued to run their affairs independently and did not allow Russian officials or church missions into the area until the late 1840s.
Continuing dynastic strife among the Dadishkeliani, their defiance to the Russian government, and vacillation during the Crimean War (1854–1856), however, led to direct Russian intervention. In 1857, Prince Alexander Baryatinsky, Viceroy of the Caucasus, ordered Svaneti to be subdued by armed force. The ruling prince of Svaneti, Constantine, chose to negotiate, but was ordered into exile to Erivan. On a farewell audience in Kutaisi, he quarreled with a local Russian administrator, Alexander Gagarin, and stabbed him to death along with three of his staff. When captured, Constantine was summarily tried by court martial and shot. In 1858, the principality was abolished and converted into a district administered by a Russian-appointed officer (pristav). Several members of the Dadeshekeliani family were exiled to the remote Russian provinces and those who remained in Georgia were deprived of their autonomous powers.
Rulers
Duchy of Svaneti (X-XV)
John I
Vakhdang
Bakur
Vardan I
Jinjikh
John II
Vardan II
John III
Baram
Arashiani
Khazhig
Ozbeg
Shamadavla
Abesalom
See also
Svaneti uprising of 1875–1876
References
Svaneti
Russian Empire
Svaneti
States and territories established in the 1460s
States and territories disestablished in 1857
Route nationale 32 (RN 32) is a secondary highway in Madagascar from Antsohihy to Mandritsara, continuing to Andilamena. It crosses the regions of Alaotra-Mangoro and Sofia Region.
Selected locations on route
(north to south)
Antsohihy (junction with RN 6)
Befandriana-Avaratra
river crossing
Binara
Mandritsara
Marotandrano
Ambohibary
Sahavoay
Marofano
Ambodivelatra
Antranoambo
Antanimenabaka
Andilamena (continues as RN 3a)
See also
List of Roads in Madagascar
Transport in Madagascar
References
Roads in Alaotra-Mangoro
Roads in Sofia Region
Roads in Madagascar
"Breakfast in America" is the title track from English rock band Supertramp's 1979 album of the same name. Credited to Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, it was a top-ten hit in the UK and a live version of the song reached No. 62 on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1981. The lyrics tell about a person, presumably British, who dreams of visiting the United States.
Composition
The inner sleeve of the 1979 Breakfast in America album lists one musician – Roger Hodgson or Rick Davies – as composer for each song. For the "Breakfast in America" title track, Davies alone is listed as composer and lyricist. However, the center label of the 12-inch vinyl disc credits all songs to both Hodgson and Davies. Similarly, on the vinyl single, it was credited to Hodgson and Davies.
Supertramp started performing the song during a reunion tour without Hodgson, the latter took credit for writing the song, telling reporters that Davies initially "hated" the song, and that he believed Davies did not play on the recording at all. However, in other interviews Hodgson has credited Davies with creating the vocalized retort line, "What's she got? Not a lot." According to Ultimate Classic Rock critic Nick DeRiso, Hodgson started writing the song as a teenager, and Davies later "helped sharpen the lyrics." Billboard critic Gary Graff agrees with this assessment, including Davies contributing the "What's she got? Not a lot" lyric.
DeRiso describes the lyrics as being about a child dreaming about visiting the United States some day.
Hodgson included the song in his 2010 world tour, produced as a live album titled Classics Live.
In 2005, rap rock band Gym Class Heroes released the hit song "Cupid's Chokehold", which features the chorus from "Breakfast in America".
Reception
Billboard writer David Farrell praised John Helliwell's "Benny Goodman-flavoured clarinet solo." DeRiso rated it as Supertramp's 9th greatest song. Graff rated "Breakfast in America" as Supertramp's 5th best song.
Personnel
Roger Hodgson: lead vocals, piano, pump organ, electric guitar
Rick Davies: harpsichord, synthesizers, vocals
John Helliwell: clarinet
Dougie Thomson: bass
Bob Siebenberg: drums and percussion
Slyde Hyde: trombone, tuba
Charts
Certifications
References
Sources
External links
Supertramp website
Supertramp songs
1979 singles
1979 songs
Music videos directed by Bruce Gowers
Songs written by Rick Davies
A&M Records singles
Songs about the United States
Hodcarrier Films is Kevin Willmott's film production company, located in Lawrence, Kansas, USA.
Films produced
Ninth Street
C.S.A.: The Confederate States of America
Bunker Hill
External links
CSA - Official Movie Site
Bunker Hill Website
Film production companies of the United States
Lawrence, Kansas
Companies based in Kansas
Role-Based Collaboration (RBC) represents an emerging research area.
RBC is an approach that can be used to integrate the theory of roles into Computer-Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) systems and other computer-based systems. It consists of a set of concepts, principles, mechanisms and methods. RBC presents challenges and benefits not found in traditional CSCW systems. This research will bring exciting improvements to the development and application of CSCW systems and methodologies of collaboration.
Even though we proposed RBC from the point of view of CSCW, we could expand RBC to more fields. RBC can be divided into two categories: special RBC and general RBC. Special RBC means role-based CSCW or HCI. To perform better system analysis, design, implementation, application and evaluations, it is hoped to apply role theory to CSCW or Human Computer Interaction (HCI) systems. Therefore, the gap can be bridged between their developers and the sociologists who are more concerned with the usability of CSCW systems. General RBC is to extend special RBC to the areas such as software engineering, social psychology, organization, management, and artificial intelligence (AI). General RBC considers not only supporting cooperation among people (CSCW) with computers but also that among the components of a system and between people and machines
See also
Role-playing game
Commons-based peer production
Enterprise social networking
References
Human–computer interaction
The European Racquetball Championships are organized every two years by the European Racquetball Federation (ERF), since 1981, to determine the strongest national racquetball teams and individual male and female players in Europe.
References
External links
European Championships IRF website
European Championships ERF website
Racquetball competitions
European championships
William Gisborne (13 August 1825 – 7 January 1898) was the first New Zealand Cabinet Secretary from 1864 to 1869, Colonial Secretary of New Zealand from 1869 to 1872, and Minister of Public Works between 1870 and 1871. The city of Gisborne in New Zealand is named after him.
Early life
Gisborne was born in 1825. He was the third son of Thomas John Gisborne (1789–1868) of Holme Hall, near Bakewell in Derbyshire, England. His mother was Sarah Gisborne (née Krehmer). His grandfather was Thomas Gisborne (1758–1846), who fought for the abolition of the slave trade in England. Thomas Gisborne the Younger (1790–1852) was an uncle who represented various constituencies in the House of Commons between 1830 and 1852. His eldest sister, Mary, married William Evans, who would later be made a baronet.
William Gisborne emigrated to Australia in 1842 and to New Zealand in 1847. He was initially secretary to Edward John Eyre, the lieutenant governor of New Munster Province. He was then appointed commissioner of Crown lands, a role for which he moved to New Zealand's capital, Auckland.
Gisborne returned to England for 1852 and 1853. Afterwards, he held various roles as a civil servant. He resigned from the civil service in 1869.
Gisborne married Caroline Gertrude Bridgen at St Mary's Church in the Auckland suburb of Parnell, and the couple had four children (one son, three daughters).
Political career
By 1863 Cabinet had largely taken over the function of the Colonial Executive Council. This led to the establishment of the Cabinet Secretary in 1864 with Gisborne being the first appointee in the role. He resigned from the position in 1869 and left the civil service to take on the role of Colonial Secretary in the third Fox Ministry. He was appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council on 2 July 1869, and resigned on 11 January 1871. A week later, he was elected to the New Zealand Parliament in the 1871 general election for the Egmont electorate. He resigned on 10 September 1872. In December 1875, Gisborne was a strong candidate for the Wellington mayoralty, but he fell out with the public over him favouring denominational education. In addition, he then announced himself as a candidate for the 1875 general election in the electorate, and that triggered a concerted effort to find a suitable mayoral opponent. When Gisborne lost the mayoral election against William Hutchison, he withdraws from the general election.
Gisborne then represented the Totara electorate from a , following the death of George Henry Tribe. He was re-elected at the end served until the end of that term of Parliament in 1881.
Later life
He returned to England in 1881 following the death of his elder brother Francis. In 1892 he inherited Allestree Hall from his brother-in-law, Sir William Evans, 1st Baronet, and died there in 1898. His wife died in 1908. In 1870, the city of Gisborne in New Zealand was named after him. The township of Gisborne in Victoria, Australia, was named after Henry Fyshe Gisborne, who was a cousin of William Gisborne.
Notes
References
1825 births
1898 deaths
New Zealand public servants
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
New Zealand MPs for North Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Colonial Secretaries of New Zealand
People from Allestree
The was a limited express train service operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Japan between March 1996 and March 1997.
Engineering work to convert the Tazawako Line between Morioka and Ōmagari from narrow gauge to standard gauge for use by Akita Shinkansen services entailed the complete closure of the line between March 1996 and March 1997. The Tazawa limited express services that previously linked Morioka with Akita and Aomori were curtailed to run between Akita and Aomori only, and temporary Akita Relay limited express diesel services were operated instead between Kitakami on the Tōhoku Shinkansen and Akita via the Kitakami Line and Ōu Main Line.
Services commenced on 30 March 1996, with 10 "down" services and 11 "up" services operating daily using a specially built fleet of KiHa 110-300 series DMUs mostly in 4-car formations, but with some 3- or 7-car formations. These trains featured 2+2 abreast unidirectional limited express style seating identical to the seating used in E217 series EMU Green cars.
The Akita Relay services ended on 21 March 1997, the day before Akita Shinkansen Komachi services commenced between Morioka and Akita. The KiHa 110-300 series DMUs were subsequently refitted with standard seating, renumbered as KiHa 110-200 series, and reassigned for use on other lines such as the Iiyama Line.
Schedules
Down (Kitakami → Akita)
Up (Akita → Kitakami)
(Source:)
See also
List of named passenger trains of Japan
References
Shinkansen
East Japan Railway Company
Named passenger trains of Japan
Kitakami Line
Ōu Main Line
Railway services introduced in 1996
Railway services discontinued in 1997
1996 establishments in Japan
1997 disestablishments in Japan
ja:こまち (列車)
Hum Tum Dushman Dushman is an Indian war drama film written and directed by Iqbal Durrani. The movie features Mashaal Durrani, Sohini Paul, and Mukesh Rishi in the lead roles. The film was released on 6 February 2015.
Plot
An Indian soldier gets stuck in no man's land along with his Pakistani counterpart. They disregard their differences as they join forces to save the life of a Kashmiri boy who steps onto a mine.
Cast
Mashaal Durrani as Akbar Khan
Sohini Paul as Barkha
Mukesh Rishi as Anil Gujjar
Master Dhruv Sharma as Young Boy
Shahbaz Khan
Parikshit Sahni
Mushtaq Khan
Production
Hum Tum Dushman Dushman was shot over 45 days in Jammu and Kashmir It is the début film of Mashaal Durrani.
Release
This film was released in India on 6 February 2015.
Music
The music directors of the film are Ally Ghany, Sahil Rayyan, and Babajani. The lyrics were composed by Iqbal Durrani.
References
External links
2015 films
Indian action drama films
Indian war drama films
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian Army in films
2015 war drama films
2015 action drama films
"Slow Suicide" is the fifth single by Scott Stapp, released on October 8, 2013. It is the first single from his second solo album Proof of Life, released on November 5, 2013. It is Stapp's first single to be released since "Surround Me" on October 31, 2006.
Background
Stapp told Wind-Up Newsletter about the song: "I've always been heavy on metaphor and symbols, even to where I might hide behind fanciful language. Howard [Benson] helped me get straight to the point. The point is that for years I was slowly killing myself. Drugs and booze want to kill you instantly, but they're patient and will take their time. The same is true of toxic relationships. I had to start off this story by declaring the most obvious of truths: that I had been torturing and poisoning myself in an attempt to snuff out my soul." "So many days I choose to suffer, living a lie," the lyrics say. "So many ways I chose to die."
Chart performance
References
2013 singles
2013 songs
Scott Stapp songs
Wind-up Records singles
Song recordings produced by Howard Benson
Songs written by Scott Stapp
Stefano Ittar (March 15, 1724 - January 18, 1790) was a Polish-Italian architect.
Biography
Ittar was born in Owrucz (then in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, now in Ukraine), where his father, a member of one of Italy's aristocratic families the Guidone de Hittar, had fled following a disagreement with the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
While Ittar was still young his family moved to Rome, where under the patronage of Cardinal Alessandro Albani Ittar later studied architecture at this time influenced in Rome by the concepts of Francesco Borromini.
After a brief period in Spain Ittar settled in Catania in 1765. Catania had largely recovered from the damage caused by the earthquake of 1693, largely due to the efforts of the city architect Giovanni Battista Vaccarini, who had rebuilt vast tracts of the city in Baroque style, such as the area around the Cathedral. It was at this time Ittar met Don Ignazio Paternò, Prince of Biscari, who at this time was reconstructing the massive Palazzo Biscari. The Prince of Biscari one of the richest and most cultivated of Sicily's many aristocrats was to become Ittar's patron for many years. Ittar was later to marry Rosaria Battaglia, the daughter of Francesco Battaglia, the architect of the Palazzo Biscari.
Eventually Ittar was employed to work on the great palazzo itself; he is believed to be responsible for much of the architecture in the inner courtyards and upper floors. This was the beginning of a form of partnership with Battaglia, and together they worked on various ecclesiastical buildings and Catania's huge Benedictine Monastery of San Nicolò l'Arena, the largest in Europe. Here Ittar was responsible for the dome of the monastery's church which was constructed between 1768 and 1783. He also designed the semi-circular piazza in front of the unfinished facade of the church. Furthermore, the partnership was responsible for the Porta Ferdinandea (now the Porta Garibaldi), a city gate built with bands of black lava in the Baroque style and adorned by trumpeting angels and trophies. The architects went on to design the Piazza Palestro.
In 1767, Ittar was sufficiently renowned to go into business alone; buildings he designed in this period include the church of San Martino dei Bianchi, his first concave façade. The following year he completed what is considered his masterpiece: the facade of the Basilica della Collegiata, a church probably designed by Angelo Italia. This Sicilian Baroque building is a classic example of chiaroscuro technique. Ittar later designed the Church of San Placido, which has a facade adorned by a central Sicilian bell tower surmounted by statuary.
Following Vaccarini's death some years later, Ittar was invited by the governors of Catania to produce a contemporary plan of the city, highlighting the new straight streets an example of Baroque town planning. This map was later made into an engraving and mass-produced.
By 1783, his long term project designing the Benedictine monastery came to an end. Ittar was by this time one of Catania's most respected and influential architects and town planners. However, this was the year his life was to change completely. He was invited to Malta to design a new library for the Order of St. John of Malta, whereupon Ittar and his family seem to have moved immediately to Valletta. Here began a period of works created in a different style of architecture. The new library was of a classical design, complete with columns, arches, windows and pediments, and not a broken pediment or curved facade in sight. The vast library, reminiscent of a huge classical palace, was finally completed in 1796, five years after Ittar's death.
It was said, at the time, that Ittar had committed suicide because of errors of architectural judgement leading to structural problems with the library; however, while the profusion of vast windows make the library a cold and draughty place of work, there is no evidence of severe structural error or other problems in the design. Records of his death show him dying in communion with the church, and as having received the last rites, a sacrament which would not have been administered in the case of a suicide.
Two of his sons, Enrico and Sebastiano, also became architects who achieved some notability.
References
Sources
1724 births
1790 deaths
People from Ovruch
Architects of the Sicilian Baroque
Italian Baroque architects
The Roebuck Tavern is a historic tavern at 21 Dedham Street in Wrentham, Massachusetts. The two-story Federal style structure was built in 1795 by David Fisher, whose family was one of the earliest to settle the area in the 17th century. Fisher operated a tavern, which would have been successful, as Wrentham was then a stop on the stagecoach route between Boston and Providence, Rhode Island. The building remained in the Fisher family until 1910.
The tavern was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
References
Taverns in Massachusetts
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Wrentham, Massachusetts
Christopher Gray (22 May 1942 – 14 May 2009) was an activist in the Situationist International.
Christopher Nelson Gray was born on 22 May 1942 in London; he was raised by his grandmother in Crosby, Merseyside, and educated at Repton School.
Gray worked with Conrad Rooks on the film Chappaqua in the mid-sixties.
The Acid Diaries
For three years Gray self-administered the psychedelic drug LSD, applying the theories of Stanislav Grof to analyse his own experiences. He also used the works of Aldous Huxley, Albert Hofmann and Gordon Wasson to develop an account of the possible value of LSD as a tool for transpersonal growth and spiritual development.
Publications
Leaving The Twentieth Century
The Acid, published under the pseudonym of Sam by Vision Press, 2009, republished as The Acid Diaries: A Psychonaut's Guide to the History and Use of LSD (2010) London: Park Street Press
References
1942 births
2009 deaths
Situationists
People educated at Repton School
British psychedelic drug advocates
Psychedelic drug researchers
People from Crosby, Merseyside
The 10th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Sarah Wilson of Gray, Maine, sponsored by the Portland Evening Express, correctly spelling the word brethren. She had also competed in the finals the prior year. James Wilson, age 13, of Canton, Illinois placed second after misspelling deteriorating, followed by Helen Sullivan, age 13, of Connecticut.
The prizes for the top three were $500, $300, and $100. The bee was broadcast on the radio, and when Sarah was asked if she had a message for her father, she responded on air "You remember Daddy, you promised me another $500 if I won first place!". She did say she wanted to use the money for college.
Wilson (later married surname Garrett), graduated from Pennell Institute in her Maine hometown in 1938, the University of Vermont in 1941, and Yale Law School in 1944. She worked in Washington, D.C. as an attorney for the Internal Revenue Service for 41 years, retiring in 1986. She died in Maine on June 10, 1998. As of 2017, she has been the only National Spelling Bee winner from Maine.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1934 in education
1934 in Washington, D.C.
May 1934 events
Mohamed Aziz Maswadi is a former Malaysian international lawn bowler and national coach.
Bowls career
Aziz was born in 1956 and won the bronze medal in the pairs with Mohamed Tazman Tahir at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur. Four years later he repeated the feat by winning another bronze in the men's pairs with Safuan Said at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
He won the fours bronze medal at the 2001 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, in Melbourne. In 2001, he won the gold medal in the fours event event at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur.
Coaching
He was the Malaysian team coach for the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
References
Living people
1956 births
Malaysian male bowls players
Bowls players at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Malaysia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in lawn bowls
Competitors at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Malaysia
Alexander Keirincx (Antwerp, 23 January 1600 – Amsterdam, 1652) was a Flemish landscape painter who is known for his wooded landscapes with figures as well as his 'portraits' of English castles and country houses. After training in his native Antwerp, he worked in Utrecht and ultimately to Amsterdam in the Dutch Republic. During a period of sojourn in England in the late 1630s he worked on commissions for the English king. He was a regular collaborator of Cornelis van Poelenburch.
Life
Alexander Keirincx was born in Antwerp on 23 January 1600 as the son of Matthijs Keirincx and Anna Mason.
He became a master in the Antwerp guild of St. Luke in the guild year 1618–1619. While it is not recorded who his master was, it has been suggested that it was the leading Antwerp landscape painter Abraham Govaerts.
He married Clara Mattheusen on 18 June 1622. In the guild year 1623-1624 Artus Verhoeven was registered as his pupil. It is possible he visited England in 1625 as three drawings with a pen and washed showing a view of parliament house in London and the Westminster and dated 1625 were recorded in the 18th century. He is for the last time mentioned in Antwerp in 1626. He is recorded in Amsterdam in 1629. He was residing in Utrecht in 1632 and may have stayed there until 1637. It is also possible that he returned to Amsterdam in 1632 where he would have stayed until 1636.
In August 1637 he is recorded in London where he resided until 1641. He was in the service of King Charles I for whom he painted a series of ten or more paintings of royal castles and places in England and Scotland. He spent time working in Yorkshire and Scotland in 1639. His time in London overlapped with the residence in England of Utrecht painter Cornelis van Poelenburgh who Keirincx knew from Utrecht.
The two artists lived in the same house in Orchard Street, Westminster, and regularly collaborated with each other. Among surviving documents, a warrant for payment of rent for the dwellings of Cornelis van Poelenburgh and "Alexander Keyrnix", painters employed by the king since July 1638, was receipted by Mary Swetnam on 10 July 1649.
He had returned to Amsterdam in 1641 and obtained citizenship of that city on 30 January 1652. He died in Amsterdam not long before 7 October 1652.
Work
Keirincx was a specialist landscape painter who is known for his wooded landscapes with figures and portrayals of English castles and country houses. His career and contributions to art history and especially to the development of painting in Britain have long been obscured by mistaken identity, lack of documentation and variant name spellings. In particular, he has erroneously been identified with the English painter Jacob or Johann Carings or Cierings (c. 1590-1646).
Like his presumed master Abraham Govaerts Keirincx initially specialized in small cabinet-sized forest landscapes in the manner of Jan Brueghel the Elder and Gillis van Coninxloo. Also like Govaerts, Keirincx's early works typically show history, mythological or biblical subjects within a Mannerist three-color, schematic landscape bracketed by repoussoir trees. However, during the 1620s and 1630s his landscapes become increasingly naturalistic, influenced by Dutch tonalism in the manner of Pieter de Molyn, Jan van Goyen and others.
A key event in Keirincx's career was his sojourn in England during which he received a commission of King Charles I of ten landscape paintings. These depicted mainly views of the king's castles and houses in Northern England and Scotland produced between May 1639 and mid-1640. Charles' commission was likely politically motivated, originally intended to celebrate his campaign and victory over the Scots during the first of the Bishops' Wars and when that didn't materialize, a face-saving measure upon the return of his properties by the Scots. One example, Distant View of York at Tate Britain, shows an important site in the campaign of the First Bishops' War. The importance of this series and its impact on later painting in Britain is hard to overstate, as Keirincx combined the aesthetic landscape tradition with that of the taste for detailed, topographical views, firmly grounded in Caroline court culture. His are the first "house portraits" which became a well-established trend in painting in Britain by the later 17th century as practiced for example by Jan Siberechts and Jan Griffier the Elder.
Seventeenth-century artistic practice often relied on collaborations between specialist painters. Keirincx was the most frequent collaborator of the Dutch painter Cornelis van Poelenburgh. While the two artists lived near each other in Utrecht during the period between 1632 and 1636 and in London from 1637 to 1641, their collaboration was not limited to those years. In their collaborations Keirincx usually painted the landscape to which Poelenburgh added the figures. However, in one instance it was Poelenburgh who painted the landscape and figures to which Keirincx added a tree. Fifteen paintings have survived on which they have collaborated, but the artists likely collaborated on more works. Two of the collaborations are signed by both artists, one by Van Poelenburgh only, and most of the others by Keirincx alone. The paintings signed by both artists are the Arcadian landscape with dancing figures (1633, Kunsthalle Bremen) and the Landscape with Callisto (1629, Musée Fabre). Infrared reflectography revealed that in the Forest landscape with figures, van Poelenburgh made some adjustments to the landscape painted first by Keirincx, likely to integrate his figures better into the landscape.
References
External links
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish landscape painters
Artists from Antwerp
1600 births
1652 deaths
Painters from Antwerp
Belgian expatriates in England
Provincial Trunk Highway 17 (PTH 17) is a provincial highway in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from a junction with PR 325 near Hodgson to a junction with PTH 9 near Winnipeg Beach.
PTH 17 is signed as a north-south route from PR 325 to PTH 7 at Teulon and an east-west route from PTH 7 to PTH 9. The majority of the route is paved, with a gravel section between PTH 8 and PTH 9. The speed limit is except through urban areas.
The route near Narcisse can be very dangerous as thousands of snakes cross PTH 17 to get to/from the Narcisse Snake Dens. As snakes are run over by vehicles, the road becomes very slippery. A series of 'garter-snake fences' were built in this area to protect both the snakes and vehicle traffic.
History
Prior to 1964, PTH 17 was the designation of the route connecting PTH 3 near Crystal City to the Canada - US border. This highway is now the southernmost section of PTH 34.
Originally, the section north of PR 231 (along with the section of PR 231 from there to PTH 7) was the northern configuration of PTH 7 between 1956 and 1966 before it was reconfigured to its current route. After PTH 7 was reconfigured to Arborg, the route was redesignated as PTH 16. The section south of what is now PR 231 was designated as PR 228. The route number was eliminated in 1979 when the Manitoba portion of the Yellowhead Highway was changed from PTH 4 to PTH 16 so that the route maintained one number throughout the four western provinces. PTH 16 was eliminated and it became an extension of PR 228 and PR 231.
PTH 17 was designated in 1983, replacing part of PR 228, but its south end was at PTH 7. In 1987, PTH 17 was extended east to PTH 8, replacing the remainder of PTH 228. It extended east to its current end in 1989. This final extension is a gravel road.
Major intersections
References
017
"The Simple Things (Something Emotional)" is a song by Australian recording artist Vanessa Amorosi, released in September 2008 as the third and final single from Amorosi's third studio album Somewhere in the Real World.
Amorosi performed the song on the Australian Idol live decider on 29 September 2008.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2008 singles
Vanessa Amorosi songs
Songs written by Pam Reswick
Songs written by Vanessa Amorosi
2008 songs
Universal Music Group singles
Boreham Street is a small village in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. Its nearest towns are Hailsham, which lies approximately west of the village and Battle, which lies approximately to the east.
A number of listed buildings line the village high street. Boreham Street sits atop a ridge with views south over the Pevensey Levels towards Normans Bay and the coast and to the north over open farmland.
Boreham Street has the 'Bull's Head' public house and Scolfe's restaurant/tearooms. The village hall, Reid Hall, holds local events.
Villages in East Sussex
Wealden District
The Union Nationale pour la Course au Large also called UNCL is a French yacht club
UNCL was established in 1971 through a merger of the Union Nationale des Croiseurs (UNC), and the Groupe des Croiseurs Légers (GCL). UNC itself was formed at Brest in 1913 to organise offshore racing in France as this was outside of the statutes of the Yacht Club de France at that time. GCL had been formed in 1960 by Alain Maupas to organise races for smaller craft.
UNCL organises races around the French coast, including the Trophée Atlantique UNCL and Trophée Méditerranée IRC UNCL, and participates in others.
In co-operation with the British offshore racing club, RORC, UNCL is responsible for IRC, the principal international handicap system for yacht racing.
References
External links
Yacht clubs in France
1971 establishments in France
Feat or FEAT may refer to:
FEAT (album), a 2012 The Hood Internet album
Feat (d20 System), concept in role-playing game system d20
Feat (stato di natura), a 2020 album by Francesca Michielin
An abbreviation for featuring, used in credit lists to indicate a guest appearance (common in music)
Far Eastern Air Transport
FEAT Stiftung (Foundation for Exceptional Abilities and Talents)
See also
Feats, English reputed sorcerer
The University of Kindu (UNIKI) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in the province of Maniema, city of Kindu. At its creation, it was an Extension of the University of Lubumbashi, then called University Centre of Kindu (C.U.K.). As of 2012, instruction is in French.
History
The university was created 1 October 2004 as Kindu Center University(C.U.K.), extension of the University of Lubumbashi, and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 27 September 2010.
References
Ministerial Decree No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27, 2010, on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education (article 2 point 8)
See also
Kindu
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kindu
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
"AA" is a song by American country music singer Walker Hayes. It was released on November 19, 2021 as the third single from his third studio album Country Stuff the Album. Hayes and Shane McAnally co-wrote the song with Luke Laird, and co-produced it with Joe Thibodeau.
Content
"AA" is a song that conveys Hayes' anxiety as a dad and his love for wife, as well as his sobriety. In a press release, he said: "I've struggled with alcohol abuse and sometimes I wish I didn't need AA, but I do. I think a lot of people can relate to that". In an interview with Celebsecrets, Hayes called it as "A Dad-Anthem". Chris Parton of Sounds Like Nashville described the song as a "chasing his dreams while juggling fatherhood, marriage and his all-too relatable vices".
Charts
Release history
Certifications
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Walker Hayes songs
Songs about anxiety
Monument Records singles
Song recordings produced by Shane McAnally
Songs written by Luke Laird
Songs written by Shane McAnally
Songs about fathers
Songs about alcohol
The Treaty of Perpetual Peace was signed by James IV of Scotland and Henry VII of England in 1502. It agreed to end the intermittent warfare between Scotland and England which had been waged over the previous two hundred years and although it failed in this respect, as the hostility continued intermittently throughout the 16th century, it led to the Union of the Crowns 101 years later.
Negotiations
As part of the treaty, a marriage was agreed between James IV and Margaret Tudor, the daughter of Henry VII. Andrew Forman and the poet William Dunbar were members of the Scottish embassy who negotiated the treaty in London. Peace between England and Scotland had already been established by the Treaty of Ayton, brokered by Pedro de Ayala in 1497. Apart from the marriage, the treaty sought to outline various rules and processes for administering the English and Scottish borders and prevent local cross-border conflicts escalating to war. The treaty was signed at Richmond Palace on 24 January 1502 by Robert Blackadder, Archbishop of Glasgow, Patrick Hepburn, Earl of Bothwell and Andrew Forman.
Ratification
James IV gave his oath to keep to the terms of the treaty at the right hand of the high altar of Glasgow Cathedral on 10 December 1502. The ceremony had to be repeated as the word "France" had been accidentally inserted into the text of the King's oath instead of "England". The English witnesses at Glasgow were Sir Thomas Darcy, Captain of Berwick with a professor of theology Dr. Henry Babington, and Sir Richard Hastyng. The two attempts were recorded by the English cleric John Deyce, and the Scottish notary Archibald Layng.
The Kings then exchanged illuminated copies of the ratifications. Two of the Scottish manuscripts were painted and gilded by Sir Thomas Galbraith, a clerk of the Chapel Royal in Stirling Castle, who was given 59 shillings for materials and time. A few days later James IV gave Thomas a present of 18 shillings on New Year's Day.
In April 1503, Henry VII sent the Bishops of Hereford and Worcester to Rome for the Pope's ratification. (Adrian Castellesi, Bishop of Hereford, had originally been sent from Italy to make peace between James III of Scotland and his son's supporters)
Terms
There be "good, real and sincere, true, sound, and firm peace, friendship, league and confederation, to last all time coming" between England and Scotland;
Neither king nor their successors shall make war against the other
If either king broke the treaty the pope would excommunicate them
Consequences
The treaty was broken in 1513 when James declared war on England in support of the French who had lately been attacked by the English. James was acting according to Scotland's obligations to France under an older mutual defence treaty, the Auld Alliance. James was excommunicated by Pope Leo X and the English Cardinal Bainbridge for breaking his sworn treaty with England. The subsequent invasion by the Scots met defeat when James was killed on 9 September 1513 at the Battle of Flodden in Northumberland.
Despite this abrogation, the Treaty of Perpetual Peace had a long-lasting effect because of the marriage between James Stewart and Margaret Tudor. Specifically, their great-grandson King James VI of Scotland was able to succeed to the English throne in 1603 at the Union of the Crowns.
See also
List of treaties
References
Sources
Bain, Joseph, ed., Calendar of Documents relating to Scotland, 1357-1509, vol. 4, HM Register House, Edinburgh (1888)
Rymer, Thomas, ed., Foedera, vol. 12, (1740) p. 793, 797, Text of treaty etc., standard edition.
Rymer, Thomas, ed, Foedera, conventiones, literae,... inter Reges Angliae et alios, vol. 5 part 1 & 2, Johannes Neaulm, Hague, (1741); (Latin) relevant material as in vol. 12 in English editions; part 2, pp. 182-202, includes the Glasgow Cathedral oath in English, part 2, p. 182
External links
Treaty of Perpetual Peace
1502 in England
1502 in Scotland
Early Modern period
Perpetual Peace (1502)
Treaty of Perpetual Peace
1502 treaties
England–Scotland relations
Bharte is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 544 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Pelso may refer to:
Lake Pelso (Latin: Lacus Pelso), the modern Lake Balaton
Pelso Strict Nature Reserve in Finland
Pelso Plate in the Carpathian Basin
Joshua Goldberg may refer to:
Joshua L. Goldberg (1896–1994), Belarusian-born American rabbi
Joshua N. Goldberg (1925–2020), American physicist
Joshua Ryne Goldberg (born 1995), American internet troll convicted of attempting a bombing
Kim Won-il (born 1942) is a South Korean writer.
Kim Won-il may also refer to:
Kim Won-il (boxer) (born 1982), South Korean boxer
Kim Won-il (footballer) (born 1986), South Korean footballer
The Municipality of Cankova (; ) is a municipality in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Cankova.
Settlements
In addition to the municipal seat of Cankova, the municipality also includes the following settlements:
Domajinci
Gerlinci
Gornji Črnci
Korovci
Krašči
Skakovci
Topolovci
History
The area was originally part of the Municipality of Murska Sobota. In 1995, the Municipality of Cankova–Tišina was formed, which existed until 1999, when Tišina became a separate municipality.
References
External links
Municipality of Cankova on Geopedia
Municipality of Cankova website
Cankova
Cankova
1998 establishments in Slovenia
Malkapur railway station (MKU) is in Malkapur, a town in the Buldhana district of Maharashtra, India. There are many trains going through Malkapur railway station.
History
The first train in India travelled from Mumbai to Thane on 16 April 1853. By May 1854, Great Indian Peninsula Railway's Bombay–Thane line was extended to Kalyan. Bhusawal railway station was set up in 1860 and in 1867 the GIPR branch line was extended to Nagpur.
Electrification
The railways in the section were electrified in 1989–90.
Amenities
Amenities at Malkapur railway station include: retiring room, waiting room, light refreshment stall, and book stall.
Important trains passing from station is:-
Hazur Sahib Nanded–Jammu Tavi Hamsafar Express
Navajivan SF Express
Gitanjali Express
Amravati–Mumbai CSMT Superfast Express
Secunderabad–Hisar Express (via Surat, Ahmedabad, Jodhpur, Bikaner)
Hazur Sahib Nanded–Shri Ganganagar Weekly Express (via Jalgaon, Surat, Ahmedabad, Abu Road, Jodhpur, Bikaner)
Jaipur–Hyderabad SF Express
Hazur Sahib Nanded–Shri Ganganagar Superfast Express (via Abohar)
Howrah Mail
Vidarbha Express
Prerana Express
Hazur Sahib Nanded–Shri Ganganagar Superfast Express (via Hanumangarh)
Puri–Ahmedabad Express
Maharashtra Express
Ahmedabad–Howrah Superfast Express
Gandhidham–Puri Express
Malda Town–Surat Express
Gandhidham–Vishakhapatnam Weekly Express
Kolkata–Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Kurla Express
Ajmer–Puri Express.
References
Railway stations in Buldhana district
Bhusawal railway division
Railway stations opened in 1867
The Academy of the Holy Family (AHF) is an accredited private, Roman Catholic, all-girls college-preparatory school in the Baltic, Connecticut, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich.
Background
The Sisters of Charity of Our Lady Mother of Mercy was founded as a parochial community by Monsignor John Zwijsen on November 23, 1832 at Tilburg in the Netherlands. It was his intention to "simply to “establish a school where poor children could be taught reading, writing, sewing, and knitting”. The community soon spread beyond the parish, and in 1874 was invited to open a school in the United States.
When the Sisters arrived they first established a grade school and a girls' high school for day and resident students in the small mill town of Sprague, Connecticut where the Motherhouse is located. In 1970, the Sisters of Charity of Our Lady, Mother of the Church, split off as a separate community and continue to run HFA.
Currently
The Academy is approved by the State of Connecticut and is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and colleges. The Academy of the Holy Family is owned and operated by the Sisters of Charity of Our Lady, Mother of the Church.
Notes and references
External links
Catholic secondary schools in Connecticut
Schools in New London County, Connecticut
Girls' schools in Connecticut
Sprague, Connecticut
Boarding schools in Connecticut
Catholic boarding schools in the United States
The 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship was the 18th series of the Women's Six Nations Championship, an annual women's rugby union competition between six European rugby union national teams. Matches were held in February and March 2019, on the same weekends as the men's tournament, if not always the same day.
Table
Fixtures
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
References
External links
The official Six Nations Site
Women
2019
2019 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2018–19 in Irish rugby union
2018–19 in English rugby union
2018–19 in Welsh rugby union
2018–19 in Scottish rugby union
2018–19 in French rugby union
2018–19 in Italian rugby union
Six
rugby union
rugby union
rugby union
rugby union
rugby union
rugby union
Six Nations Championship (women)
Six Nations Championship (women)
Six Nations Championship (women)
Six Nations Championship (women)
The Pullman Strike was two interrelated strikes in 1894 that shaped national labor policy in the United States during a period of deep economic depression. First came a strike by the American Railway Union (ARU) against the Pullman factory in Chicago in spring 1894. When it failed, the ARU launched a national boycott against all trains that carried Pullman passenger cars. The nationwide railroad boycott that lasted from May 11 to July 20, 1894, was a turning point for US labor law. It pitted the American Railway Union (ARU) against the Pullman Company, the main railroads, the main labor unions, and the federal government of the United States under President Grover Cleveland. The strike and boycott shut down much of the nation's freight and passenger traffic west of Detroit, Michigan. The conflict began in Chicago, on May 11 when nearly 4,000 factory employees of the Pullman Company began a wildcat strike in response to recent reductions in wages. Most of the factory workers who built Pullman cars lived in the "company town" of Pullman just outside of Chicago. It was designed as a model community by its namesake founder and owner George Pullman.
As the Panic of 1893 weakened much of the economy, railroad companies ceased purchasing new passenger cars made by Pullman. When his company laid off workers and lowered wages, it did not reduce rents, and the workers called for a strike. Among the reasons for the strike were the absence of democracy within the town of Pullman and its politics, the rigid paternalistic control of the workers by the company, excessive water and gas rates, and a refusal by the company to allow workers to buy and own houses. They had not yet formed a union. Founded in 1893 by Eugene V. Debs, the American Railway Union (ARU) was an organization of railroad workers. Debs brought in ARU organizers to Pullman and signed up many of the disgruntled factory workers. When the Pullman Company refused recognition of the ARU or any negotiations, ARU called a strike against the factory, but it showed no sign of success. To win the strike, Debs decided to stop the movement of Pullman cars on railroads. The over-the-rail Pullman employees (such as conductors and porters) did not go on strike.
Debs and the ARU called a massive boycott against all trains that carried a Pullman car. It affected most rail lines west of Detroit and at its peak involved some 250,000 workers in 27 states. The American Federation of Labor (AFL) opposed the boycott because the ARU was trying to take its membership. The high prestige railroad brotherhoods of Conductors and Engineers were opposed to the boycott. The Fireman brotherhood—of which Debs had been a prominent leader—was split. The General Managers' Association of the railroads coordinated the opposition. Thirty people were killed in riots in Chicago alone. Historian David Ray Papke, building on the work of Almont Lindsey published in 1942, estimated another 40 were killed in other states. Property damage exceeded $80 million.
Local responses
The strike affected hundreds of towns and cities across the country. Railroad workers were divided, for the old established Brotherhoods, which included the skilled workers such as engineers, firemen and conductors, did not support the labor action. ARU members did support the action, and often comprised unskilled ground crews. In many areas townspeople and businessmen generally supported the railroads while farmers—many affiliated with the Populists—supported the ARU.
In Billings, Montana, an important rail center, a local Methodist minister, J. W. Jennings, supported the ARU. In a sermon he compared the Pullman boycott to the Boston Tea Party, and attacked Montana state officials and President Cleveland for abandoning "the faith of the Jacksonian fathers." Rather than defending "the rights of the people against aggression and oppressive corporations," he said party leaders were "the pliant tools of the codfish monied aristocracy who seek to dominate this country." Billings remained quiet but on July 10, soldiers reached Lockwood, Montana, a small rail center, where the troop train was surrounded by hundreds of angry strikers. Narrowly averting violence, the army opened the lines through Montana. When the strike ended, the railroads fired and blacklisted all the employees who had supported it.
In California the boycott was effective in Sacramento, a labor stronghold, but weak in the Bay Area and minimal in Los Angeles. The strike lingered as strikers expressed longstanding grievances over wage reductions, and indicate how unpopular the Southern Pacific Railroad was. Strikers engaged in violence and sabotage; the companies saw it as civil war while the ARU proclaimed it was a crusade for the rights of unskilled workers.
Public opinion
President Cleveland did not think Illinois Governor John Peter Altgeld could manage the strike as it continued to cause more and more physical and economic damage. Altgeld's pro-labor mindset and social reformist sympathies were viewed by outsiders as being a form of ‘German Socialism'. Critics of Altgeld worried that he was usually on the side of the workers. Outsiders also believed that the strike would get progressively worse since Altgeld, "Knew nothing about the problem of American evolution." Public opinion was mostly opposed to the strike and supported Cleveland's actions. Republicans and eastern Democrats supported Cleveland (the leader of the northeastern pro-business wing of the party), but southern and western Democrats as well as Populists generally denounced him. Chicago Mayor John Patrick Hopkins supported the strikers and stopped the Chicago Police from interfering before the strike turned violent. Governor Altgeld, a Democrat, denounced Cleveland and said he could handle all disturbances in his state without federal intervention. The press took the side of Cleveland and framed strikers as villains, while Mayor Hopkins took the side of strikers and Altgeld. The New York Times and Chicago Tribune placed much of the blame for the strikes on Altgeld.
Media coverage was extensive and generally negative. News reports and editorials commonly depicted the strikers as foreigners who contested the patriotism expressed by the militias and troops involved, as numerous recent immigrants worked in the factories and on the railroads. The editors warned of mobs, aliens, anarchy, and defiance of the law. The New York Times called it "a struggle between the greatest and most important labor organization and the entire railroad capital." President Cleveland and the press feared that the strike would foment anarchy and social unrest. Cleveland demonized the ARU for encouraging an uprising against federal authority and endangering the public. The large numbers of immigrant workers who participated in the strike further stoked the fears of anarchy. In Chicago the established church leaders denounced the boycott, but some younger Protestant ministers defended it.
Aftermath
Debs was arrested on federal charges, including conspiracy to obstruct the mail as well as disobeying an order directed to him by the Supreme Court to stop the obstruction of railways and to dissolve the boycott. He was defended by Clarence Darrow, a prominent attorney, as well as Lyman Trumbull. At the conspiracy trial Darrow argued that it was the railways, not Debs and his union, that met in secret and conspired against their opponents. Sensing that Debs would be acquitted, the prosecution dropped the charge when a juror took ill. Although Darrow also represented Debs at the United States Supreme Court for violating the federal injunction, Debs was sentenced to six months in prison.
Early in 1895, General Graham erected a memorial obelisk in the San Francisco National Cemetery at the Presidio in honor of four soldiers of the 5th Artillery killed in a Sacramento train crash of July 11, 1894, during the strike. The train wrecked crossing a trestle bridge purportedly dynamited by union members. Graham's monument included the inscription, "Murdered by Strikers", a description he hotly defended. The obelisk remains in place.
In the aftermath of the Pullman Strike, the state ordered the company to sell off its residential holdings. In the decades after Pullman died (1897), Pullman became just another South Side neighborhood. It remained the area's largest employer before closing in the 1950s. The area is both a National Historic Landmark and a Chicago Landmark District. Because of the significance of the strike, many state agencies and non-profit groups are hoping for many revivals of the Pullman neighborhoods starting with Pullman Park, one of the largest projects. It was to be a $350 million mixed used development on the site of an old steel plant. The plan was for 670,000 square feet of new retail space, 125,000 square foot neighborhood recreation center and 1,100 housing units.
Politics
Following his release from prison in 1895, ARU President Debs became a committed advocate of socialism, helping in 1897 to launch the Social Democracy of America, a forerunner of the Socialist Party of America. He ran for president in 1900 for the first of five times as head of the Socialist Party ticket.
Civil as well as criminal charges were brought against the organizers of the strike and Debs in particular, and the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision, In re Debs, that rejected Debs' actions. The Illinois Governor John P. Altgeld was incensed at Cleveland for putting the federal government at the service of the employers, and for rejecting Altgeld's plan to use his state militia rather than federal troops to keep order.
Cleveland's administration appointed a national commission to study the causes of the 1894 strike; it found George Pullman's paternalism partly to blame and described the operations of his company town to be "un-American". The report condemned Pullman for refusing to negotiate and for the economic hardships he created for workers in the town of Pullman. "The aesthetic features are admired by visitors, but have little money value to employees, especially when they lack bread." The State of Illinois filed suit, and in 1898 the Illinois Supreme Court forced the Pullman Company to divest ownership in the town, as its company charter did not authorize such operations. The town was annexed to Chicago. Much of it is now designated as an historic district, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Labor Day
In 1894, in an effort to conciliate organized labor after the strike, President Grover Cleveland and Congress designated Labor Day as a federal holiday in contrast with the more radical May 1st. Legislation for the holiday was pushed through Congress six days after the strike ended. Samuel Gompers, who had sided with the federal government in its effort to end the strike by the American Railway Union, spoke out in favor of the holiday.
See also
United States labor law
History of rail transport in the United States
Murder of workers in labor disputes in the United States
References
Sources and further reading
Bassett, Johnathan "The Pullman Strike of 1894," OAH Magazine of History, Volume 11, Issue 2, Winter 1997, Pages 34–41, a lesson plan for high schools
Cooper, Jerry M. "The army as strikebreaker—the railroad strikes of 1877 and 1894." Labor History 18.2 (1977): 179–196.
DeForest, Walter S. The Periodical Press and the Pullman Strike: An Analysis of the Coverage and Interpretation of the Railroad Strike of 1894 by Eight Journals of Opinion and Reportage MA thesis. University of Wisconsin, Madison, 1973.
Eggert, Gerald G. Railroad labor disputes: the beginnings of federal strike policy (U of Michigan Press, 1967).
Ginger, Ray. The Bending Cross: A Biography of Eugene V. Debs. (1949). online
Hirsch, Susan Eleanor. After the Strike: A Century of Labor Struggle at Pullman. (U of Illinois Press, 2003).
Laughlin, Rosemary. The Pullman strike of 1894 (2006) online, for high schools
Lindsey, Almont. The Pullman Strike: The Story of a Unique Experiment and of a Great Labor Upheaval. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1943. online, a standard history
Lindsey, Almont. "Paternalism and the Pullman Strike," American Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 2 (Jan., 1939), pp. 272–89
Nevins, Allan Nevins. Grover Cleveland: A Study in Courage. (1933) pp. 611–28
Novak, Matt. "Blood on the Tracks in Pullman: Chicagoland's Failed Capitalist Utopia" (2014) Gizmodo.com online
Papke, David Ray. The Pullman Case: The Clash of Labor and Capital in Industrial America. Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas, 1999.
Reiff, Janice L. "Rethinking Pullman: Urban Space and Working-Class Activism" Social Science History (2000) 24#1 pp. 7–32 online
Rondinone, Troy. "Guarding the Switch: Cultivating Nationalism During the Pullman Strike," Journal of the Gilded Age & Progressive Era (2009) 8(1): 83–109.
Salvatore, Nick. Eugene V. Debs: Citizen and Socialist. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 1984. online
Schneirov, Richard, et al. (eds.) The Pullman Strike and the Crisis of the 1890s: Essays on Labor and Politics. (U of Illinois Press, 1999). online
Smith, Carl. Urban Disorder and the Shape of Belief: The Great Chicago Fire, the Haymarket Bomb, and the Model Town of Pullman. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1995.
White, Richard. Railroaded: the transcontinentals and the making of modern America (WW Norton, 2011), pp 429–450.
Winston, A.P. "The Significance of the Pullman Strike," Journal of Political Economy, vol. 9, no. 4 (Sept. 1901), pp. 540–61.
Wish, Harvey. "The Pullman Strike: A Study in Industrial Warfare," Journal of the Illinois State Historical Society (1939) 32#3 pp. 288–312
Primary sources
Cleveland, Grover. The Government and the Chicago Strike of 1894 [1904]. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1913.
Manning, Thomas G. and David M. Potter, eds. Government and the American Economy, 1870 to the Present (1950) pp 117–160.
United States Strike Commission, Report on the Chicago Strike of June–July, 1894. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1895. 54pp of history and 680pp of documents, testimony and recommendations
Warne, Colston E. ed. The Pullman Boycott 1894: The problem of Federal Intervention (1955) 113pp.
External links
Pullman Strike Timeline
Chicago Strike
The Pullman Strike, Illinois During the Gilded Age 1866–1894, Illinois Historical Digitization Projects at Northern Illinois University Libraries
Riots and civil disorder in Illinois
1894 in Illinois
1894 labor disputes and strikes
History of rail transportation in the United States
Labor disputes in Illinois
Transportation labor disputes in the United States
Socialism in the United States
1894 riots
Rail transportation labor disputes in the United States
1894 in rail transport
Progressive Era in the United States
Pullman Company
May 1894 events
Labour relations by company
