Shayrat (, also spelled Sha'irat) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southeast of Homs on the western fringes of the Syrian Desert. Nearby localities include Dardaghan to the west, al-Manzul and al-Riqama to the northwest, Sadad to the south and al-Hamrat to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Shayrat had a population of 1,443 in the 2004 census. Shayrat had been classified as an abandoned village or khirba by English scholar Eli Smith in 1838.
Shayrat is near Shayrat Air Base.
See also
2017 Shayrat missile strike
References
Bibliography
Populated places in Homs District
Sabouraud agar or Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA) is a type of agar growth medium containing peptones. It is used to cultivate dermatophytes and other types of fungi, and can also grow filamentous bacteria such as Nocardia. It has utility for research and clinical care.
It was created by, and is named after, Raymond Sabouraud in 1892. In 1977 the formulation was adjusted by Chester W. Emmons when the pH level was brought closer to the neutral range and the dextrose concentration lowered to support the growth of other microorganisms. The acidic pH (5.6) of traditional Sabouraud agar inhibits bacterial growth.
Typical composition
Sabouraud agar is commercially available and typically contains:
40 g/L dextrose
10 g/L peptone
20 g/L agar
pH 5.6
Medical Use
Clinical laboratories can use this growth medium to diagnose and further speciate fungal infections, allowing medical professionals to provide appropriate treatment with antifungal medications. Histoplasma and other fungal causes of atypical pneumonia can be grown on this medium.
References
Microbiological media
Post Mortem is a 2010 Chilean drama film directed by Pablo Larraín and set during the 1973 military coup that overthrew former President Salvador Allende, inaugurating the 17-year dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet. The film competed in the 67th Venice International Film Festival, Antofagasta Film Festival, Havana Film Festival and the Guadalajara International Film Festival. The film's main character Mario Cornejo is based on a real person with the same name.
Plot
Mario (Alfredo Castro) is a pathologist's assistant in Santiago who is responsible for noting down the pathologist's commentary during the post mortem. The job has given him a grey, deathlike appearance. Previously, in the days of the military coup, Mario became involved in a love affair with a show dancer, Nancy (Antonia Zegers), who lives across the street with her younger brother David and her father, a communist and Allende supporter. On the morning of September 11, the date of the coup, a military raid takes place in Nancy's house. Her brother and father are arrested. Mario then begins a frantic search for Nancy, who has disappeared, all the while having to endure pressure from the military who want to hide the real cause of death of the bodies piling up in the morgue.
Cinematography
The film has a projected aspect ratio of 2.66:1, which is ultra-wide and very unusual. One reviewer observes that "Post Mortem'''s muted color scheme reflects the drab '70s world that only adds insult to injury for Pinochet's trampled victims." With director of photography Sergio Armstrong, Larraín shot the film with Russian LOMO anamorphic lenses, the type used in the 1970s by Andrei Tarkovsky and other Russian filmmakers. The lenses are intended for 35 mm film, but Larrain shot on 16 mm film, achieving a look he describes as "very special". Larraín describes the process of lighting the film as follows:
And then when we were shooting, we were doing all kinds of lighting setups, and we never liked anything that we had. One day we had an electrical problem and all the lighting we had set up went down before we started shooting. So I asked for somebody to turn on the lights for the room, and when I looked at the monitor I realized that I really liked the idea of using very regular light coming from the ceiling, but a lot of them. We created this very plain array so the film would have this public lighting look. It also made sense because there is a certain politic to it. And after the test we realized that it actually did work because it creates such muted colors with very little shadows and we liked that. It was plain, it was grainy, and the color palette was very special. So we only used regular lightbulbs, hung up all over the set but mostly from the ceiling.
Reception
The film is well-received by critics and considered further proof of Larraín's talent, previously noted in Tony Manero. It received four stars from both The Guardian, which called it “an eerie portrait of a disturbing time” and Time Out, which praised the “humorously unconventional framings, expressively washed-out colour tones and mysterious low-key performances” that bring together “human comedy and historical tragedy to unique, and surprisingly emotional, effect.”. The New York Times critic A. O. Scott wrote that “the achievement of Post Mortem is to take rigorous and unsentimental measure of the unpleasantness”. Post Mortem has also been popular on the Rotten Tomatoes public film reviews website, where it has an 88% approval rating based on 34 reviews, with an average score of 7.08/10.
Cast
Alfredo Castro - Mario Cornejo
Antonia Zegers - Nancy Puelma (Bim Bam Bum dancer)
Jaime Vadell - Dr. Castillo
Amparo Noguera - Sandra
Marcelo Alonso - Victor
Marcial Tagle - Captain Montes
Santiago Graffigna - David Puelma
Ernesto Malbrán - Arturo Puelma
Aldo Parodi - Director of Bim Bam Bum
Adriano Castillo - comedian in Bim Bam Bum
Awards
Antofagasta Film Festival - Best Film
Antofagasta Film Festival - Best Actress (Antonia Zegers'')
Havana Film Festival - Second Prize Coral
Festival Internacional del Nuevo Cine Latinoamericano de La Habana - Best Actress (Antonia Zegers)
Festival Internacional del Nuevo Cine Latinoamericano de La Habana - Best Actor (Alfredo Castro)
Festival Internacional del Nuevo Cine Latinoamericano de La Habana - Best Screenplay
Festival Internacional del Nuevo Cine Latinoamericano de La Habana - FIPRESCI Award
Festival Internacional de Cine de Cartagena - Best Picture
Festival Internacional de Cine de Guadalajara - Best Picture
Festival Internacional de Cine de Guadalajara - Best Actor (Alfredo Castro)
Festival Internacional de Cine de Guadalajara - Best Cinematography (Sergio Armstrong)
See also
Cinema of Chile
References
External links
(archived / 2010)
Cineuropa
2010 films
2010 drama films
Films about the Chilean military dictatorship
Films set in 1973
2010s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Pablo Larraín
Chilean drama films
Films about coups d'état
Interferon, type 1, cluster, also known as IFN1@, is a human gene.
References
Further reading
Matheus Alfredo Cadorini da Silva (born 1 September 2002), known as Matheus Cadorini, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Internacional.
Club career
Born in Taubaté, São Paulo, Cadorini was an Audax youth graduate. He made his senior debut on 19 September 2018, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1–2 home loss against Ituano, for the year's Copa Paulista.
On 10 October 2020, Cadorini moved to Internacional on loan until December 2021, being initially assigned to the under-20s. He first appeared with the main squad on 1 March 2021, replacing Vinicius Mello in a 1–0 Campeonato Gaúcho home win over Juventude, as the club fielded a younger squad.
On his Série A debut on 10 October 2021, Cadorini replaced Yuri Alberto at half-time and scored his team's fifth in a 5–2 home routing of Chapecoense. On 3 December, he signed a permanent contract with Inter until 2025.
Career statistics
References
External links
Internacional profile
2002 births
Living people
People from Taubaté
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube players
Sport Club Internacional players
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Elephant trunks (more formally, cold molecular pillars,) are a type of interstellar matter formations found in molecular clouds. They are located in the neighborhood of massive O type and B type stars, which, through their intense radiation, can create expanding regions of ionized gas known as H II regions. Elephant trunks resemble massive pillars or columns of gas and dust, but they come in various shapes, lengths, and colors. Astronomers study elephant trunks because of their unique formation process and use 2-D and 3-D simulations to try to understand how this phenomenon occurs.
Formation
O type and B type stars are a classification of stars that strongly emit ultraviolet (UV) radiation. The UV radiation causes the surrounding cloud of hydrogen gas to ionize, forming H II regions. The gas does not ionize evenly throughout the cloud, therefore there are clumps of denser gas scattered throughout the cloud. These dense clumps are called evaporating gaseous globules (EGGs), and they are the starting point for the formation of an elephant trunk. The pillar shape is formed when the EGGs act as shields for the gases that lie behind them from the stellar winds. Stellar winds are a continuous flow of gas that is ejected from the stars and causes the lighter and less dense gas to erode away. The EGGs and the column of gas "downwind" from them are the basic formations of an elephant trunk.
Structure
Elephant trunks form on the outer wall of the H II region cloud. At visible light wavelengths, astronomers can only study the structure of the surface of the trunks because the opaqueness of the gas obscures the internal core. The length of the columns are measured in light years, which is the distance that it takes light to travel in one year. Astronomers can calculate the densities and temperatures of the EGGs and the trunks by using infrared, millimeter, and radio observations. They have determined that elephant trunks have cold cores (20K) surrounded by warm gas (60K) with an outer hot shell (250-320K).
Examples
Pillars of Creation
The Pillars of Creation are the most famous example of astronomic elephant trunks. NASA was able to produce a picture of this formation by compositing multiple images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope. It is located 7,000 light years away, in the Eagle Nebula. There are multiple elephant trunks in the formation, one of which is approximately seven light years long. Astronomers have made observations suggesting that the Pillars were possibly destroyed by the shock waves of a supernova 6,000 years ago.
Rosette Nebula
The Rosette Nebula is an example of an unusual shape that an elephant trunk can assume. It has a double helix structure instead of the normal straight column. The double helix is caused by the presence of magnetic fields and electric currents lined up along the trunk axis of the trunks. This makes the filaments of the columns wavy instead of straight, as they are in normal trunks. These filaments wrap around each other rather than line up next to each other, which forms the twisted structure.
NGC 7822
The star forming complex NGC 7822 in the constellation of Cepheus has several elephant trunk formations. Some of these have the narrow, slightly winding shape that makes them reminiscent of the trunk of an elephant.
References
Interstellar media
This article is about libraries in Baku, Azerbaijan.
History
The first public library in Baku was a reading room called "Nariman quarter", opened with the approval of the Baku Governor Gorchakov in August 1894. The library was shut down in 1896.
Presidential Library
The Presidential library for the Affairs of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan (azerb. Azərbaycan Respublikası Prezidentinin Işlər Idarəsinin Prezident Kitabxanası) was established in 2003 on the initiative of Heydar Aliyev as a result of the merger of the funds of two city libraries: Central City Library and the Library of General Service Section of the Presidential Administration.
The library received its status for the Affairs of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan in accordance with the decree of the President of Azerbaijan dated June 22, 2009
National Library
The National Library of Azerbaijan named after M. F. Akhundov (azerb. Azərbaycan Milli Kitabxanası) was established on May 23, 1923. In 1939, the library was named after the Azerbaijani educator Mirza Fatali Akhundov.
In 2005, by Order of the Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan, the library received the status of "National Library".
In the same year, the National Library became a member of the international organization of the Conference of European National Librarians (CENL)".
Central City Library
The Central City Library (azerb. Mirzə Ələkbər Sabir adına Mərkəzi Şəhər Kitabxanası) was opened in March 1919 according to the decision of the Department of culture and education of the Union of Azerbaijani Consumer Society, adopted in 1918.
In 1941, the first bibliographic department was established in the Central City Library.
Republican Youth Library
The Republican Youth Library named after Jafar Jabbarly (azerb. Cəfər Cabbarlı adına Respublika Gənclər Kitabxanası) was founded in 1928.
Since 1937, the library has been called the Jafar Jabbarly Library in honor of the Azerbaijani playwright.
In 1976, the library was granted the status of a Republican Youth Library
Library for the visually impaired of Azerbaijan
Library for the visually impaired of Azerbaijan (azerb. Respublika Gözdənəlillər Kitabxanası) was established in 1981 according to the decree of the Presidium of the Central Administration of the Society of the Blind of the Republic of Azerbaijan dated May 23, 1980 No. 11, an order was issued on the establishment of the Central Library of the Republic.
In January 1994, the library was transferred to the Ministry of Culture of Azerbaijan.
The library is based on books printed in Braille, as well as audio-books.
Scientific Library of BSU
The Scientific library of Baku State University was opened in 1919 on the initiative of the government of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic.
According to the order of the Council of People's Commissars, in 1920–1922, books from various departments and organizations were transferred to the library.
In accordance with the resolution of the Ministry of Education of Azerbaijan No. 131 of 1971, the Scientific library of BSU was turned into a scientific and methodological center, the main purpose of which is to regulate the work of libraries of educational institutions of the country.
Since 1998, cooperation has been carried out with the Open Society Institute.
The Central Scientific Library of ANAS
The Central Scientific Library of ANAS was established in 1923 with the support of the “Society for the study and research of Azerbaijan". The basis for the Scientific Library was the "Bibliographic Bureau", created on November 4, 1923.
In 1925, at the meeting of the Central Council of the "Society for the study and research of Azerbaijan", it was decided to merge the Scientific Library and the Bibliographic Bureau. A Library-Bibliographic Bureau was formed, with Hanafi Zeynally as its Chairman.
In 1963–1984, the Central Scientific Library of ANAS was called the Main Library. Since 1984, the library has been called the Central Scientific Library.
By the decree of the President of Azerbaijan dated January 4, 2003 "On the status of the National Academy of Sciences", paragraph 54 of article 5, the Central Scientific Library received the status of a scientific institution.
In 1993, the Central Scientific Library of ANAS became a member of the International Federation of Library Associations (IFLA).
In 2012, the National library of ANAS became one of the equal members of the Association of Scientific Libraries under the Council of Europe
Parliamentary Library
The Parliamentary Library of Azerbaijan was established in 1997. The library was founded with the support of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey
In 2000, a coordination center was established for the exchange of official documents, books, etc. between the parliamentary libraries of the CIS countries.
Library of Khazar University
The Khazar University library and information center (KULIC) is the library of Khazar University.
See also
Libraries in Azerbaijan
References
External links
The Presidential library for the Affairs of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Central City Library
Republican Youth Library named after Jafar Jabbarly
Library for the visually impaired of Azerbaijan
The Central Scientific Library of ANAS
The Khazar University library and information center
National libraries
The 1902 Atlantic hurricane season featured five known tropical cyclones, three of which made landfall in the United States. The first system was initially observed in the northwestern Caribbean on June 12. The last system dissipated on November 6 while located well southeast of Newfoundland. These dates fall within the period with the most tropical cyclone activity in the Atlantic. None of the systems existed simultaneously.
Of the season's five tropical cyclones, three reached hurricane status. However, none of them strengthened into major hurricanes, which are Category 3 or higher on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. Along with 1901, this was the first time that two consecutive seasons lacked a major hurricane since 1864 and 1865. Only one storm left significant impact, which was the second hurricane. It brought flooding and strong winds to Texas, resulting in severe damage in some areas. A tornado spawned by the storm also caused five fatalities.
The season's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 28, the lowest value since 1890. ACE is a metric used to express the energy used by a tropical cyclone during its lifetime. Therefore, a storm with a longer duration will have high values of ACE. It is only calculated at six-hour increments in which specific tropical and subtropical systems are either at or above sustained wind speeds of 39 mph (63 km/h), which is the threshold for tropical storm intensity. Thus, tropical depressions are not included here.
Timeline
Systems
Tropical Storm One
In June, a low-pressure area was observed over the western Caribbean. At 12:00 UTC on June 12, a tropical depression developed about north of Swan Island, Honduras. The depression moved north-northeastward and intensified into a tropical storm early the next day. Later on June 13, the storm made landfall in modern-day Artemisa Province of Cuba with winds of . After reaching the Gulf of Mexico late on June 13, the system continued to strengthen and peaked with maximum sustained winds of . Around 23:00 UTC, it made landfall near Steinhatchee, Florida, at the same intensity.
After moving inland, the storm moved northeastward and slowly weakened. Around midday on June 16, the system became extratropical over southeastern Virginia and then accelerated northeastward, before dissipating near Anticosti Island, Quebec, late on the following day. Some locations in Florida observed tropical storm force winds. In Virginia, the steamer Falcon sank southeast of False Cape. On June 16, the cities of Fredericksburg and New Canton both set 24-hour rainfall records for the month of June, with and observed, respectively. A drought in the area was ended, which particularly benefited tobacco crops.
Hurricane Two
The second observed tropical cyclone of the season developed over Chiapas at 00:00 UTC on June 21. Initially a tropical depression, the system moved slowly northwestward and reached the Gulf of Mexico early the next day. Around 12:00 UTC on June 23, it strengthened into a tropical storm. While curving north-northwestward, the storm intensified into a hurricane at 00:00 UTC on June 26. Six hours later, the hurricane attained its maximum sustained wind speed of . However, it then began to weaken falling to tropical storm status late on June 26. At 21:00 UTC that day, the storm made landfall near Corpus Christi, Texas, with winds of . After moving inland, the system quickly weakened and became extratropical over Oklahoma by midday on June 28. The remnants moved rapidly northeastward before dissipating over Pennsylvania the next day.
A drought existed in Texas for the previous six weeks. Thus, rainfall produce by this storm was beneficial to cotton and rice. However, withered corn stalks were easily blown down by the wind. Further, heavy precipitation in some areas resulted in flooding. The highest 24-hour rainfall total was at Nacogdoches, setting a daily rainfall record for June. This swelled Lanana and Bonita creeks. All bridges were swept away and communication was cut off, while the south side of town was underwater. At Galveston, of rain fell on June 27, setting a daily rainfall record. Over fell in La Porte, ruining more than of hay west of town. Morgan's Point was underwater. In Gregg and Harrison counties, heavy rains washed out the Texas and Pacific railroads. Flooding occurred across the upper Sabine basin as well.
Strong winds also buffeted portions of the state, with gusts up to in Galveston. A freight train was blown off the track at East Bernard in Wharton County. A tornado moved northeast through Krasna, near
Wallis, killing five people. In El Campo, fruit fell off trees. Windmills and chimneys were blown down in Edna, while in Ganado and Louise, outhouses and barns were destroyed. In Houston, trees were uprooted and outhouses destroyed by the gale. Electric wires were downed. Trees were uprooted and damage to sorghum crops were reported in Lavaca County. The remnants of the storm produced heavy rainfall in Missouri and tornadoes in Indiana. The storm in Great Plains set up a cold and moist easterly wind which caused colder than normal temperatures in Nebraska and a rare late June snowstorm in Denver, Colorado; up to was observed.
Hurricane Three
A tropical storm was first observed at 06:00 UTC on September 16, while located about southwest of Cape Verde, at the most southerly latitude of any North Atlantic tropical-storm-strength cyclone on record. The storm headed west-northwestward for a few days and slowly strengthened. Late on September 19, it accelerated and began curving northwestward. At 00:00 UTC the next day, the storm strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale. Later on September 20, the hurricane curved northward and then to the northeast. Further deepening occurred, with the storm becoming a Category 2 hurricane early the following day.
On September 21, the system peaked with sustained winds of 100 mph (155 km/h). A ship that encountered the storm and observed a barometric pressure of . The storm began weakening on September 22 and fell to Category 1 intensity. Several hours later, it became extratropical while located about west-southwest of Flores Island in the Azores. The remnants of this storm continued northeastward and weakened, until dissipating about southeast of Cape Farewell, Greenland, on September 25.
Hurricane Four
A tropical depression developed in the Pacific Ocean while located about 105 mi (165 km) west-southwest of Tapachula, Chiapas, on October 3. The depression moved slowly north-northwestward and made landfall in a rural area of southeastern Oaxaca early the next day. On October 5, the system reached the Gulf of Mexico and soon intensified into a tropical storm. Thereafter, it curved east-northeastward and strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane by October 6. Early the next day, the storm became a Category 2 hurricane and peaked with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of .
However, on October 9, the hurricane weakened to a Category 1. Around 06:00 UTC the following day, the system weakened further to a tropical storm. Later on October 10 at 21:00 UTC, it made another landfall near Pensacola, Florida, with winds of . The storm rapidly weakened inland and became extratropical early on October 11. The remnants accelerated while moving across the Southeastern United States and eventually emerged into the Atlantic Ocean, before dissipating south of Atlantic Canada on October 13. Some damage was reported in Tabasco due to gales. Along the eastern Gulf Coast of the United States, strong winds were observed.
Tropical Storm Five
The final storm developed north of Puerto Rico at 00:00 UTC on November 1 as a tropical depression. Initially, it headed northwestward, but re-curved to the northeast about six hours later. By midday on November 1, the depression strengthened into a tropical storm. The storm continued to intensify and peaked with sustained winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) early on November 3. Around that time, a ship observed a barometric pressure of , possibly suggesting hurricane intensity. Later on November 5, the storm began heading in a more eastward direction and weakened. At 06:00 UTC the next day, it weakened to a tropical depression and dissipated several hours later, while located about southeast of Cape Race, Newfoundland.
Season effects
This is a table of all of the storms that have formed in the 1902 Atlantic hurricane season. It includes their duration, names, landfall(s)–denoted by bold location names – damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but were still related to that storm. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all of the damage figures are in 1902 USD.
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review
1902 natural disasters
1902 meteorology
Thomas Busby may refer to:
Thomas Busby (soldier) (1735–1798), Irish soldier
Thomas Busby (composer) (1755–1838), English composer
Thomas Lord Busby (1782–1838), English painter and engraver
T. Jeff Busby (1884–1964), U.S. Representative from Mississippi
Thomas Busby, Australian singer, songwriter and musician for blues and roots duo Busby Marou
Thomas Busby, Australian guitarist, songwriter, and musician for rock band Luca Brasi
Thomas Busby, the murderer alleged to have cursed a haunted chair
See also
Tom Busby (1936–2003), Canadian actor
The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church is a Greek Orthodox church in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It was incorporated May 20, 1925 to serve immigrants from Greece who adhered to the Greek Orthodox faith. After holding a fund drive to raise money for construction of a church, the founding members bought three city lots at Eleventh Street and South Guthrie Avenue in Tulsa, where they built their first sanctuary. The groundbreaking was held in May, 1927, and the first service occurred in March, 1928.
The congregation began hosting an annual Greek Festival to celebrate its ancestral culture.
In 1968, the congregation decided to build a new sanctuary building at 1222 South Guthrie. The first service there was held on September 21, 1969.
References
External links
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church
Everett, Dianna. "Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church." Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture Accessed March 27, 2016.
Further reading
Costopoulous, Connie and Drummond, Kathryn. History of Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church, Tulsa, Oklahoma (Tulsa, Okla.: N.p., 1982).
Stephanopoulos, Robert G. The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America (N.p.: Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, 1983).
Churches in Tulsa, Oklahoma
European American culture in Oklahoma
Greek Orthodox churches in the United States
Christian organizations established in 1925
Rani Rosius (born 25 April 2000) is a Belgian sprinter.
At just 21 years of age, Rosius tied the second-best Belgian time ever on the 100 metres event, with a time of 11.39. Olivia Borlée ran the same time in 2007, while only Kim Gevaert ever ran faster, still holding the Belgian record at 11.04.
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres – 11.28 (Gentbrugge 2022)
100 metres - 11.16 (Tallinn 2021), but with a tailwind of 3.0 m/s the record is invalid.
200 metres – 23.49 (Brussels 2021)
Indoor
60 metres – 7.27 (Ghent 2021)
200 metres – 24.36 (Louvain-la-Neuve 2020)
References
2000 births
Belgian female sprinters
Belgian Athletics Championships winners
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Karl-Maria May (20 May 1886 – 20 March 1963) was an Austrian painter. His work was part of the art competitions at the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1886 births
1963 deaths
20th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Vienna
20th-century Austrian male artists
Tabibar Rahman Sarder (1 May 1932 – 3 April 2010) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician. He was elected a member of parliament in 1973 from Jessore-5. He was elected to member of parliament from Jessore-1 in 1991 and June 1996.
Birth and early life
Tabibar Rahman Sarder was born 1 May 1932 in Jessore District.
Career
Tabibar Rahman Sarder was elected a member of parliament in 1973 from Jessore-5. He was elected to member of parliament from Jessore-1 in 1991 and June 1996.
Death
Tabibar Rahman Sarder died on 3 April 2010.
See also
Jatiya Sangsad
References
External links
List of 1st Parliament Members -Jatiya Sangsad (In Bangla)
List of 5th Parliament Members -Jatiya Sangsad (In Bangla)
List of 7th Parliament Members -Jatiya Sangsad (In Bangla)
1932 births
2010 deaths
People from Jessore District
1st Jatiya Sangsad members
5th Jatiya Sangsad members
Awami League politicians
7th Jatiya Sangsad members
St Antony's Church, Kanjiracode is a Latin Catholic Church located in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala. The Parish Priest is Very Rev. Fr Tomy Kamans. The Assistant Parish priest is Rev. Fr. Lenin Darwin Leon.
History
St. Antony's Latin Catholic Forane Church, Kanjiracode is listed among the first churches of Quilon diocese and of Kerala. The church occupies three acres on the northern side of old ceramics road (Sir C.P. Road) in an area dominated by a fishing community.
St. Thomas Christians migrated arrived near Kundara in the ninth century. The parish was officially established in 1502. St Antony's was originally built and blessed in the name of St. Lucia by the administrator of Cochin diocese.
The foundation stone was laid on 27 October 1609 and the church was blessed on 30 April 1609. The church was reconstructed and named after St. Antony of Padua in 1633. After the diocese of Quilon was officially established, Kanjiracode remained under the jurisdiction of Cochin diocese under Padravado and remained there until 1893. In 1975 reconstruction was begun to accommodate more believers. The church was finally blessed on 26 January 1986 by the Bishop of Kollam, his Excellence Rt. Rev. Dr. Joseph G. Fernandez, in the presence of Rev. Fr. A. Solomen, Parish Priest and dedicated to the Papal visit of Pope John Paul II in Kerala.
Mission statement
St. Antony's church provides spiritual healing and better education, health care and women empowerment through its allied organizations.
Festival
Patron saint St. Antony of Padua is celebrated on the Sunday preceding Ash Wednesday. The feast starts with the unfurling of the flag on the prior Sunday. The unfurling is a colourful function with religious pageantry that is attended by thousands of devotees. Besides liturgical functions, a religious discourse is held at St. Antony's shrine in Mukkada, in the evenings. People of all religious faiths attend these functions. On Saturday the day before the festival a procession is taken from the Church along with colorful floats of saints. The procession proceeds to Perayam, the northern boundary of the Parish and touches the southern boundary at Elampalloor and Mukkada. The Procession is attended by thousands of devotees from across the Diocese and beyond.
On the feast day High mass is celebrated in the morning by a senior church functionary. This is followed by Snehavirunnu (agape), a community Lunch partaken by ten thousand and more devotees, distribution of clothing to the poor, etc. The closing ceremony is the lowering of the flag in the evening with a procession around the church. One important feature is the participation of non-Catholics in the celebrations.
Religious status
Average church attendance numbers two thousand. Bible study groups, Charismatic movements, Little way association, Legion of Mary, Sodality, Franciscan 3rd order, Jesus youth movement and KCYM active. St. Antony's Novena is conducted Tuesday evenings.
Administration
The Parish council consists of 25 members. The Parish Priest is the President of the council. The members are elected from the 8 Parish wards. A four-member finance committee is selected from the council. This four-member committee assists the Priest in other financial activities. B.C.C.:- 54 B.C.C. group are actively participating in all church activities.
Status of women and children
Women of Kanjiracode Parish are independent and employed. Catechism classes are conducted by sisters of St. Margaret's Convent for children aged 5–17. A Bible festival is conducted every year and Parish children won prizes in Forane, Diocese and State level.
Services
Financial assistance is offered to poor families for education and also to help with illness. Parishioners help solve family and neighborhood disputes.
Former pastors
The names of the Parish Priests up to 1888 were not recorded.
Chapel and shrines
References
Roman Catholic churches in Kerala
Churches in Kollam district
MV may refer to:
Businesses and organizations
In transportation
Motor vessel, a motorized ship; used as a prefix for ship names
MV Agusta, a motorcycle manufacturer based in Cascina Costa, Italy
Armenian International Airways (IATA code MV)
Metropolitan-Vickers, an electrical equipment and vehicle manufacturer
Midland Valley Railroad, United States (reporting mark MV)
Other organizations
Mieterverband, a Swiss tenant organization
Millennium Volunteers, a former UK government initiative
Minnesota Vikings, an American football team
Miss Venezuela, a beauty pageant
Museum Victoria, an organization which operates three major state-owned museums in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
Places
Martha's Vineyard, an island located south of Cape Cod in Massachusetts
Maldives (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code MV)
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, a German state at the Baltic Sea
Mountain View, a city in California, US
People
M. Visvesvaraya, Indian engineer and statesman commonly known as Sir MV
In science and technology
Biology and medicine
Maedi-visna, a sheep disease
Malvidin, an anthocyanidin
Measles virus
Mechanical ventilation
Minute volume, the volume of air that can be inhaled or exhaled in one minute
Mitral valve, a valve in the heart connecting the left atrium and left ventricle
Computing
mv (Unix), a Unix command that moves one or more files or directories from one place to another
.mv, top level domain country code for the Republic of Maldives
MainView, a business automation software
Materialized view, a database object that contains the results of a query
Other uses in science and technology
MV, the abbreviation for megavolt, or 1,000,000 volts, a measure of electrical potential
Mendelevium, a chemical element with former symbol Mv
mV, millivolt: 1/1,000 of a volt, a measure of electrical potential
mv (mass × velocity), momentum in physics
Mv, viscosity average molar mass, a method to quantify molar mass distribution in chemistry
Mesovortex, a small scale vortex aloft within atmospheric convection, such as squall lines and tropical cyclones
Microwave, (occasionally) in the field of satellite remote sensing
MV is the absolute magnitude of a celestial body such as a star at 10 parsecs in the V passband
M-V, Japanese space rocket
Other uses
MV, Roman numeral for 1005
Market value, the price at which an asset would trade in a competitive auction setting
"Moist Vagina", a song by grunge band Nirvana on their single All Apologies
Music video, a production which combines a piece of music and video clips for artistic purposes
Meaningful vote, on Brexit
mezza voce ('half-voice') with subdued or moderated volume in a musical score
Hurl! is an American television game show from G4 that first premiered on G4 in the USA on July 16, 2008. It takes a unique twist on competitive eating. The concept is for competitors to alternate between challenges of competitive eating and extreme activities in order to see who will be last to vomit. The winner receives $1,000 cash on the spot.
Format
The show begins with an unidentified person shopping for food and purchasing the food for the current episode, with a narration about competition. The intro ends with the clerk asking "What are you going to do with all this stuff?"
Prior to the game beginning, some information is provided via the narrators and on-screen text. All on-screen information for the viewer is done by holding up a post-it note or a notebook with handwriting on them. The "one simple rule" of the game is incorrectly described by the narrator as "whoever eats the most and hurls the least, wins". In fact the winner is the contestant that hurls the last or not at all. Five competitors are introduced by name, height, weight, and occupation. The five begin the game by eating large quantities of food, usually a single savory dish accompanied with a drink to help wash it down. All food and drinks are identified as being organic. The food is placed on deli scales, which are used to determine through subtraction how much each competitor eats. Of the five competitors, only the three that eat the most in a span of five minutes make it through to the second round.
The second round involves some sort of physical or recreational activity, usually one that involves large amounts of spinning, for five minutes. The activity can end early if one of the contestants vomits. A "hurl" is defined on the show as any swallowed food that comes out of the mouth. If a player vomits into their mouth and it does not come out, it is not a "hurl".
For the third round, competitors return to the scales and eat for another four minutes. Sometimes they eat the same food as the first round, while other times they move to a second food item, usually a dessert. If three competitors make it to the third round, then the two that eat the most in the third round move on, unless somebody vomits first.
After the third round, if two competitors are left, a fourth round of extreme activities is done in a "sudden barf" format: first to "hurl", loses. Sometimes the extreme activity is done blindfolded to induce disequilibrium and nausea. If necessary, a fifth round of eating and a sixth round of blindfolded extreme activities are done as well. If both players make it through all six rounds without hurling, then the one that ate the most during just the fifth round wins the contest.
The game crew that runs the competition is called the "hazmat team". They are several people dressed in Level C hazmat suits, complete with gas masks, and act as a cleanup crew. Although they are dealing with bodily fluids, necessitating some precaution, their dress is exaggerated for comedic effect.
When a player vomits on-screen, the vomit is censored with numbered buckets and a pinball game sound effect. The buckets are used to arbitrarily rate the scale of the vomiting, up to an , although in Episode 11, a contestant hurls while being spun by a Sumo wrestler, and the narrator observes that on a scale of 1 to 5 buckets, this was an 11 bucket hurl. They are usually (but not always) preceded by a "hurl warning" with a handwritten note in front of the camera and a Klaxon, which also is sometimes used with close calls and fakeouts. The show also shows various "strategies" employed by some players to either eat more food or try to induce other players to vomit. Each strategy or technique has a number that is shown to the viewer on a handwritten note.
The last one remaining wins $1,000, which is paid immediately in cash by "Manny" (Manny Salcido), the leader of the hazmat team. If the winner also ate the most food in the contest, then they also win the "Iron Stomach Award". Sometimes the winner will vomit after their win; since they already won, this does not affect the outcome of the game. The show will also depict competitors that have lost and vomit after being eliminated.
The G4 network aired all 11 episodes in an uncensored (no buckets and no sound effects) format after the censored episodes had been shown.
Episodes
See also
Emetophilia
Emetophobia
External links
Hurl! at G4tv.com
Competitive eating
G4 (American TV network) original programming
2008 American television series debuts
2008 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Food reality television series
Robert Harrison Smith (1848 – 11 November 1911) was a member of both the Queensland Legislative Council and the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early life
Smith was born in 1848 at Castleblayney, County Monaghan, Ireland to John Smith and his wife Mary (née Monaghan). He was educated at local schools before attending Queen's College, Belfast. He worked as an auctioneer and after his arrival in Queensland, Australia, was a member of the Queensland Garrison Artillery.
Political career
At the 1888 colonial election, Smith successfully stood for the seat of Bowen, defeating Mr Collings. He held the seat for fourteen years before retiring at the 1902 state election.
Two years later, Smith was appointed by premier Arthur Morgan to the Queensland Legislative Council, remaining there until his death in 1911.
Personal life
In 1889, Smith married Ada Cecil Fulchier at Sydney and together had 2 children. He died in November 1911, and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Members of the Queensland Legislative Council
Burials at Toowong Cemetery
1848 births
1911 deaths
Rasulpur is a village in India.
Rasulpur (also spelled Rasoolpur or Rasool Pur) may refer to:
India
Rasulpur, Zira, a village in Firozpur district, Punjab
Rasulpur Gogumau, a town in Kanpur Dehat district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Phillaur, a village in Phillaur tehsil, Jalandhar District, Punjab State
Jangal Rasoolpur, a village in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh
Rasoolpur Soor, a village in Balrampur district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasoolpur, Raibareli, a village in Raebareli district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasoolpur Abad, a village in Bijnor district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Nawabganj, a village in Unnao district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Purwa, a village in Unnao district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Amawan, a village in Raebareli district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Bachhrawan, a village in Raebareli district, Uttar Pradesh
Rasulpur, Bardhaman, a village in Bardhaman district, West Bengal
Rasulpur River, a river of West Bengal
Pakistan
Hassam, Rasulpur, a village in tehsil Kharian
Rasoolpur Muftian, is a village in Rajanpur, Punjab
Rasoolpur Muftian, a village in the district of Gujrat
Rasulpur, Jhang, a town in Jhang, Punjab
Bangladesh
Rasulpur Union, a union of Ghatail Upazila, Tangail District
See also
Rasul (surname)
Con Kolivas is an Australian anaesthetist. He has worked as a computer programmer on the Linux kernel and on the development of the cryptographic currency mining software CGMiner. His Linux contributions include patches for the kernel to improve its desktop performance, particularly reducing I/O impact.
Linux
Kolivas is most notable for his work with CPU scheduling, most significantly his implementation of "fair scheduling", which inspired Ingo Molnár to develop his Completely Fair Scheduler, as a replacement for the earlier O(1) scheduler, crediting Kolivas in his announcement. Kolivas developed several CPU schedulers such as the Staircase in 2004, then Rotating Staircase Deadline (RSDL), and subsequently Staircase Deadline (SD) schedulers to address interactivity concerns of the Linux kernel with respect to desktop computing. Additionally, he has written a "swap prefetch" patch, which allows processes to respond quickly after the operating system has been idle for some time and their working sets have been swapped out. Many of his experimental "-CK" patches, such as his prefetching and scheduling code, did not get merged with the official Linux kernel.
In 2007, Kolivas announced in an email that he would cease developing for the Linux kernel. Discussing his reasons in an interview, he expressed frustration with aspects of the mainline kernel development process, which he felt did not give sufficient priority to desktop interactivity, in addition to hacking taking a toll on his health, work and family.
He has also written a benchmarking tool called ConTest that can be used to compare the performance of different kernel versions.
On 31 August 2009, Kolivas posted a new scheduler called BFS (Brain Fuck Scheduler). It is designed for desktop use and to be very simple (hence it may not scale well to machines with many CPU cores). Con Kolivas did not intend to get it merged into the mainline kernel. He has since retired BFS in favour of MuQSS, a rewritten implementation of the same concept.
CGMiner
On 13 July 2011, Kolivas introduced a new piece of software for "windows, linux, OSX and other" called CGMiner, which is used for mining cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and Litecoin.
References
External links
Kolivas's personal website
Australian people of Greek descent
Australian computer programmers
Australian anaesthetists
Linux kernel programmers
Medical doctors from Melbourne
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The National Athletic Trainers' Association (NATA) is the professional membership association for certified athletic trainers and others who support the athletic training profession. Founded in 1950, the NATA has grown to more than 43,000 members worldwide. The majority of certified athletic trainers choose to be members of NATA to support their profession and to receive a broad array of membership benefits.
History
The NATA was unofficially formed in late 1949 by a small group of athletic trainers from around the nation. The NATA was founded in 1950 when the first meeting of the NATA took place in Kansas City, Missouri. Nearly 200 athletic trainers gathered to discuss the future of their profession. Recognizing the need for a set of professional standards and appropriate professional recognition, the NATA has helped to unify certified athletic trainers across the country by setting a standard for professionalism, education, certification, research and practice settings. Since its inception, the NATA has been a driving force behind the recognition of the athletic training profession. Once housed in Greenville, North Carolina, the NATA is now headquartered in Dallas, Texas. From humble beginnings, the association has expanded to encompass a global membership totaling more than 43,000, plus a full-time executive director and staff. Members serve as leaders for the association, which has multiple committees working together to help advance the profession.
In 2016 at their national convention in Baltimore the National Athletic Trainers' Association announced the launch of its first-ever public awareness campaign, At Your Own Risk. The campaign is designed to educate, provide resources and equip the public (non-athletic trainers) to act and advocate for safety in work, life, and sport.
Code of Ethics
The National Athletic Trainers' Association Code of Ethics states the principles of ethical behavior that should be followed in the practice of athletic training. It is intended to establish and maintain high standards and professionalism for the athletic training profession.
Districts
The NATA consists of 10 Districts. For purposes of the election of NATA's President and Board of Directors, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.2 of the NATA Bylaws, NATA shall be divided into ten Districts. Each voting Member of NATA may only be a Member of one District.
Eastern (District 1)
Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine
Eastern (District 2)
Delaware, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania
Mid-Atlantic (District 3)
Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, and District of Columbia
Great Lakes (District 4)
Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Wisconsin, Manitoba and Ontario
Mid America (District 5)
Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, and South Dakota
Southwest (District 6)
Arkansas and Texas
Rocky Mountain (District 7)
Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming
Far West (District 8)
California, Hawaii, and Nevada
Southeast (District 9)
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee
Northwest (District 10)
Alaska, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, Alberta, British Columbia, and Saskatchewan
Awards
Each year during the NATA Annual Meeting & Clinical Symposia a variety of awards are presented for research and outstanding achievement in sports medicine.
Hall of Fame
The NATA Hall of Fame was created to recognize the very best of the athletic training profession and is the highest honor which may be bestowed upon a member.
Fellows program
The NATA Fellows program began in 2008, it recognizes professional achievement in research and/or education, combined with service to the profession. Only the most accomplished scholars in the athletic training profession earn this distinction and are allowed to use the prestigious designation of “FNATA.”
Most Distinguished Athletic Trainer
The Most Distinguished Athletic Trainer Award is a prestigious honor that recognizes NATA members for their exceptional and unique contributions to the athletic training profession. It reflects a lifetime of dedication to the association and the field of athletic training on the national, district and local levels. Candidates are not expected to have experience in all areas, however this is a national award and contributions at the national level are necessary. These contributions can include, but are not limited to: leadership and advancement of the association and the profession nationally.
Honorary membership
Honorary membership in the National Athletic Trainers' Association is an exclusive honor reserved for individuals who have made significant contributions to the athletic training profession. Though not certified athletic trainers themselves, they have dedicated a significant portion of their careers to advancing, promoting and championing the efforts of our association and its members.
President's Challenge
The President's Challenge award recognizes a lifetime of outstanding contributions that directly impact athletics and athletic training, have a national impact or are of major and lasting importance. This award provides a stimulus for continued service, research and education in the field of athletic health care. It fosters joint recognition among members of the NATA and other disciplines and reminds us of the very important role all groups play in the future of athletic care.
Gail Weldon Award of Excellence
The Gail Weldon Award of Excellence is a national honor that recognizes athletic trainers for their commitment to make significant contributions to mentoring, professional development, life balancing, leadership or to improve the health care of females within the profession.
Sayers "Bud" Miller Distinguished Educator Award
This award honors the first chair of the NATA Professional Education Committee, Sayers "Bud" Miller, who was a distinguished educator. The objective of this award is to recognize individuals who follow his example and exemplify excellence in the field of athletic training education. This award recognizes individuals who excel in promoting athletic training education beyond the local level through service and publishing on athletic training issues.
To be eligible for nomination, individuals must currently be BOC certified, a member of the teaching faculty for 10 years, have evidence of quality in published manuscripts, and in formal oral presentations concerned with issues in athletic training.
Bill Chisolm Ethnic Diversity Advisory Council Professional Service Award
The Bill Chisolm Professional Service Award has been presented annually since 1994 in an attempt to recognize any individual who has significantly advanced the provision of athletic health care services to ethnically diverse individuals, or who has made a significant contribution to the professional development and advancement of ethnically diverse Athletic Trainers. The recipient is selected by the committee and is not required to be a member of an underrepresented ethnically diverse population.
Tim Kerin Award for Excellence In Athletic Training
Outstanding Research Manuscript and Outstanding Manuscript
Continuing Education Award
This award honors an individual who has made outstanding contributions to the profession of athletic training in the area of continuing education.
College/University Athletic Trainers' Committee (CUATC) Awards
The CUATC wishes to recognize those collegiate athletic trainers who have demonstrated exceptional performance as an athletic trainer.
Governmental Affairs Committee Daniel L. Campbell Legislative Awards
Daniel L. Campbell was an active and influential member of the National Athletic Trainers' Association for 34 years. Dan served in several capacities in his service to the NATA and the profession, but is most known for his work in governmental affairs and reimbursement. He was instrumental in creating the Reimbursement Advisory Group, the precursor to the Committee on Revenue, and co-authored a booked titled “Reimbursement for Athletic Trainers” about the history of the reimbursement effort. NATA named Dan a Most Distinguished Athletic Trainer in 1996.
The Daniel L. Campbell Legislative Award is given for two types of effort, each important in achieving success in the legislative and regulatory arenas.
Class I- A state association with an outstanding effort toward legislation.
Class II- A state association who has undertaken activities aimed at keeping athletic training “on the radar screen” of legislators.
Public Relations Contest
Each March, the NATA PR Committee issues a call for entries for the annual public relations contest. The contest recognizes outstanding PR achievements by NATA districts, states, individuals or student groups.
Categories include:
Most creative effort
Greatest impact
Best student effort
Best Grassroots effort
Best state association effort
Entries must educate, use proper “athletic trainer” terminology and must not be self-serving.
American Academy of Podiatric Sports Medicine For Excellence in Athletic Training Award
The American Academy of Podiatric Sports Medicine, the largest sports medicine affiliate of the American Podiatric Medical Association, presents this annual award to an athletic trainer who displays commitment and excellence in the field of sports medicine.
Deloss Brubaker Student Writing Award
NATA undergraduate student members are invited to submit original manuscripts for the annual student writing contest. One winner will be selected for each of the following categories:
Original Research
Case Report
Literature Review
Young Professionals' Committee National Distinction Award
The National Distinction Award is the YPC's highest honor. The YPC wishes to recognize young professional athletic trainer that has made an immediate and definitive impact on the athletic training profession at the national, district, or state level.
References
External links
Athletic training
Sports medicine organizations
Sports professional associations based in the United States
Sports organizations established in 1950
1950 establishments in the United States
Tara Prasad (born 24 February 2000) is an Indian-American figure skater who currently represents India. She is the 2022 Indian national champion, and competed in the final segment of the 2022 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
Personal life
Prasad was born on 24 February 2000 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa to Indian immigrants from Tamil Nadu. Her mother, Kavita Ramaswamy, was a national champion in hurdling for India in her teens. With the exception of her father, who lives with her in the United States, Prasad's family lives in Chennai, India. Prasad splits her time between the two countries, and holds Indian citizenship.
Prasad's figure skating inspirations include 2010 Olympic champion Kim Yu-na, 2015 World champion Elizaveta Tuktamysheva, and fellow Indian-American skater Ami Parekh.
Career
Prasad began learning how to skate at age seven in Cedar Rapids. She competed domestically for the United States as a child through the novice level until 2015. She made her international debut for India in 2020 at the Mentor Toruń Cup.
2021–2022 season
She competed at her first major competition at Four Continents in 2022.
Programs
Competitive highlights
References
External links
Tracings.net profile
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Sportspeople from Chennai
Indian female single skaters
American female single skaters
American sportspeople of Indian descent
Fitness First is an international fitness centre brand founded in 1993 in the United Kingdom. The company owned and operated its clubs around the world until financial pressures saw parts of the company sold off to various owners in different regions between 2016 and 2017.
History
The first Fitness First club was opened by Mike Balfour in 1993 in Bournemouth, UK.
Fitness First entered the Australian market in 2000 after buying assets from the collapsed Healthland chain and acquiring a number of Living Well Lady locations owned by the Hilton Group in 2006.
In 2003, the company was sold to Cinven for £404 million, making the company private, and re-sold in 2005 to BC Partners for £835 million, at a time when EBITDA was around £95 million. The company opened its first clubs in India in 2008.
By 2012, a high debt, a failed IPO, and increasing competition from low-cost fitness chains forced the company to abandon expansion plans and had to sell clubs in Spain, Italy, and Benelux-member nations and sell off 24 of its 97 Australian clubs. It was subsequently acquired by Oaktree Capital Management and Marathon Asset Management through a 550 million debt-for-equity swap.
Since then, ownership of the company has been diluted around the world, largely due to sustained losses. The Australian arm of Fitness First was sold in 2016 to the Fitness and Lifestyle Group. In the same year, DW Sports Fitness acquired all 62 Fitness First clubs in the UK, selling 14 of those and continuing to operate 48 under the Fitness First brand. In 2017, the Fitness First Asia business that was operating in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand, merged with Celebrity Fitness to create Evolution Wellness, co-owned by Oaktree and Navis Capital Partners. As of December 2018, there are 95 Fitness First clubs in the Fitness First Asia network.
Products and services
Fitness First is the company behind International Fitness Week, which takes place each February. Initiatives in 2009 have included the launch of Strictly Fit in conjunction with BBC Worldwide, intended to be a low-impact aerobics group class.
The company opened the concept club ‘The Zone' in Australia in 2013. In 2014, Fitness First launched their Global Rebranding and opened ‘BEAT'; a heart rate based training micro gym in London, and their Australia club in Melbourne the same year.
On 21 January 2014, Fitness First in Australia officially relaunched, changing its logo. Jane Fonda was the brand ambassador for the relaunch.
The Asian arm of Fitness First developed a reality television show called Fit for Fashion. There were two seasons of the show, which aired in October 2014 and January 2016 respectively.
Controversies
There have been historical cases where direct debit accounts were still debited after the member had cancelled their membership.
In a July 2004 study comparing Fitness First with other Australian gyms, Fitness First respondents were less likely to have been shown how to use equipment by a qualified staff member, offered a fitness assessment or advised on an appropriate exercise routine.
In August 2008, Fitness First took a club member to the Australian New South Wales (NSW) Supreme Court to recover a $200 cancellation fee. The court ruled in favour of Fitness First, although she could not afford to pay and was no longer able to use the gym on medical grounds. The patient explained her medical condition before signing up and was instructed to sign the contract. Fitness First sought action to ensure that gym contracts with clients were still legally valid even if the court were to find that the client did not understand what he or she had signed. Fitness First's victory on appeal overturned a prior decision against the company by the NSW Consumer, Trader and Tenancy Tribunal, which had found that a contract required a "meeting of the minds, in that they each fully know and understand the terms and conditions of the agreement". The Supreme Court found that the Tribunal had erred in a matter of law.
In March 2009, a Fitness First trainer allegedly attacked a member after a dispute about closing times, pushing him down a flight of stairs. The member spent the night in hospital with a broken nose and seven stitches to the forehead from a deep gash.
In May 2009, the Australian consumer magazine "Choice" found Fitness First to have the most aggressive psychological techniques in getting customers to sign complicated contracts and not explaining what the cancellation policy is, in a test involving "shadow shoppers" visiting two gyms run by Fitness First, Contours, Fernwood Fitness, Curves and Virgin Active.
List of countries
Australia
United Kingdom
Germany
Bahrain
Jordan
Kuwait
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
India
Hong Kong (Under Voluntary Liquidation since 2022)
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Libya
See also
Australian Institute of Personal Trainers
References
External links
Choice magazine:Gyms It's a jungle out there .... and our gym survey discovered plenty of pitfalls for the unwary. accessed 9/11/2008
Survey of Gym Chains: Fitness first and Fernwood
Consumer Affairs Victoria: Unfair contract terms - Health and fitness centres
Health clubs in the United Kingdom
Health clubs
Medical and health organisations based in Hong Kong
Private equity portfolio companies
Companies based in Poole
Oaktree Capital Management
Health care companies established in 1993
British companies established in 1993
1993 establishments in England
Boone Bridge is a steel girder highway bridge over the Willamette River at Wilsonville, Oregon, in the United States. Built in 1954, it crosses the river to the Charbonneau section of Wilsonville, carrying Interstate 5 into the open Willamette Valley from the Portland metropolitan area. Maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation, the bridge has three travel lanes in each direction. To the west is the site of the former Boone's Ferry, which the bridge replaced.
History
Alphonso Boone (grandson of Daniel Boone) and his son Jesse Boone started the Boone's Ferry over the Newberg Pool stretch of the Willamette River in 1847. They also cleared timber and constructed a road south towards Salem and north towards Portland, creating the first overland connection from Salem to the northern section of the Willamette Valley. A railroad bridge was constructed just upriver in 1907 and was used for the Oregon Electric Railway.
In 1953, Oregon began construction of a highway bridge just east of the ferry landings to carry what became Interstate 5. The four-lane, north-south aligned bridge was finished in 1954 and opened to traffic in July, with the ferry ending service at that time. The state named the bridge Boone Bridge in honor of the Boone family. At the time there was a bronze marker in one of the bridge's piers to commemorate the name, but it was removed when the bridge was later widened.
The state widened Boone Bridge from its original four lanes of traffic to a total of six lanes in 1970, with three lanes in each direction. On April 1, 1995, the bridge was re-dedicated as the Boone Bridge and a sign added to the bridge along with a plaque at the nearby rest area to honor the earlier ferry. From 1998 to 1999 the bridge was retrofitted with steel cables and a new roadway in order to prepare the bridge for earthquakes at a cost of $4 million. In May 1999, a ten car accident on the bridge backed up traffic for nine hours. The fatal crash led to a temporary reduction in the speed limit. By 2008, the bridge carried in excess of 131,300 cars per day.
Details
Constructed of steel girders on the underside, the bridge is long. Boone Bridge measures in width and rises above the river. The Canby Ferry, which also crosses the Willamette, is a few miles to the east. There is a Portland & Western Railroad rail bridge just upriver, to the west of Boone Bridge.
The bridge is considered a choke point in the regional transportation system with Oregon Route 217 and Interstate 205 funneling traffic onto Interstate 5 to cross the river at the bridge. Oregon transportation officials have proposed several options including a new span, as well as new highway sections to connect Oregon Route 18 directly to Interstate 5 south of the bridge along with extending Interstate 205 south of Oregon City to connect with I-5 at Aurora or Woodburn. Replacing the existing bridge is estimated to cost $48,424,000.
This is the second crossing of the Willamette by Interstate 5, the first being downstream in Portland on the Marquam Bridge.
See also
List of crossings of the Willamette River
References
External links
Ferry crossing the river with bridge in background
Interstate 5
Buildings and structures in Wilsonville, Oregon
Bridges completed in 1954
Bridges in Clackamas County, Oregon
Bridges over the Willamette River
Road bridges in Oregon
Bridges on the Interstate Highway System
1954 establishments in Oregon
Transportation in Wilsonville, Oregon
Steel bridges in the United States
Girder bridges in the United States
JZL195 is a potent inhibitor of both fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) and monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL), the primary enzymes responsible for degrading the endocannabinoids anandamide (AEA) and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), respectively.
See also
JZL184
JNJ-42165279
References
Carbamates
Piperazines
Nitrobenzenes
Cannabinoids
This is a list of the abunas of Ethiopia, the spiritual heads of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church. The Abuna is known officially as Patriarch and Catholicos of Ethiopia, Archbishop of Axum and Ichege of the See of Saint Taklehaimanot. Abune Mathias acceded to this position on 28 February 2013.
The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church is part of the Oriental Orthodox communion, and it was granted autocephaly by Cyril VI, Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church, in 1959.
Bishops of Axum
Abune Selama I Kesatay Birhan (St. Frumentius) ( 305 – mid 4th century)
Minas or Elyas
Abreham (late 4th century – early 5th century)
Petros
Abba Afse (late 5th century – early 6th century)
Qozmos ( early 6th century)
Euprepius ( early 6th century)
vacant ( 537–562)
Metropolitan Archbishops of Axum and of All Ethiopia
Qerellos (620s – mid 7th century)
unknown
Yohannes ( 820–840)
Yaqob I ( mid 9th century)
Salama Za-'Azeb ( 9th century)
Bartalomewos ( 10th century)
Peter (920s), opposed by Minas and Fiqtor
vacant ( 940–970s)
Daniel ( late 10th century)
Fiqtor ( 11th century)
'Abdun, claimant
Sawiros (1077–1092)
Giyorgis I ( 1090s)
Mikael I ( early–mid 12th century)
Yaqob II
Gabra Krestos
Atnatewos ( late 12th century)
Mikael II (1206–1209), opposed by Hirun
Yeshaq ( 1209–1225)
Giyorgis II ( 1225)
Saint Tekle Haymanot ( 13th century), according to tradition
Yohannes (XIII?) ( 14th century)
Yaqob (III?) ( 1337–1344)
vacant (1344–1348)
Salama II (1348–1388)
vacant (1388-1398/9)
Bartalomewos (1398/9–1436)
Mikael and Gabriel (1438–1458)
vacant (1458–1481)
Yeshaq (1481– 1520)
Marqos (VI?) (1481– 1530)
João Bermudes ( 1536– 1545), self-proclaimed Ethiopian Orthodox Abuna, and Catholic Patriarch of Ethiopia and Alexandria
Endyras ( 1545–?)
Andrés de Oviedo (1557–1577), Catholic bishop
Marqos (VII?) ( 1565)
Krestodolos I ( 1590)
Petros (VI?) (1599?–1607), killed in battle
Simon (1608–1617), died 1624
Afonso Mendes (1622–1632), Catholic Patriarch, supported by Susenyos I and deposed by Fasilides
vacant (1632–1633)
Rezek ( 1634)
Marqos (VIII?) ( 1635–1672), deposed with Krestodolos
Krestodolos II ( 1640–1672), deposed with Marqos
Sinoda (1672–1687)
vacant (1687–1689)
Marqos (IX ?) (1689–late 17th century)
Abba Mikael (1640–1699)
Marqos X (1694–1716)
vacant (1716–1718)
Krestodolos III ( 1718–1745)
vacant (1745– 1747)
Yohannes XIV ( 1747–1770)
Yosab III (1770–1803)
vacant (1803– 1808)
Makarios ( 1808)
vacant ( 1808–1816)
Kyrillos (Qerellos) III (1816–1829)
vacant (1829–1841)
Salama III (1841–1867)
vacant (1867–1868)
Atnatewos II (1868–1876), died of wounds received at the Battle of Gura
Petros VII (1876–1889), died 1918
Mattheos X (1889–1926)
Qerellos IV (1926–1936), deposed following the Second Italo-Ethiopian War
Abraham (1937–1939)
Yohannes XV (1939–1945)
Qerellos IV (1945–1950), restored
Basilios (1951–1959)
On 13 July 1948, the Coptic Orthodox and Ethiopian churches reached an agreement that led to the elevation of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church to the rank of an Autonomous Church; allowing the Archbishop of All Ethiopia to consecrate on his own bishops and metropolitans for the Ethiopian Church and to form a local Holy Synod. The Archbishop, however, is consecrated by the Pope of Alexandria along with the members of the Holy Synod of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
Patriarchs and Catholicoi of All Ethiopia
In 1959, the Coptic Orthodox Church granted autocephaly to the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church, and elevated the Archbishop to the Patriarchal dignity and was enthroned with the title of: Patriarch and Re'ese Liqane Papasat Echege (Catholicos) of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church. The title of Ichege (Supreme Abbot) of the See of St. Tekle Haymanot of Debre Libanos was subsumed into the Patriarchate. The title of Ichege was revived and the title of Archbishop of Axum was added to the Patriarchal titles in 2005, as Axum was the seat of Ethiopia's first Bishop, St. Frumentius, and thus the oldest see in the church.
Timeline
Gallery
See also
Coptic Christianity
Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church
List of abunas of Eritrea
Ethiopian ecclesiastical titles
References
Sources
Modern Primates of Ethiopia (1694–present)
Ethiopia-related lists
Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Flex is a 2021 Philippine television variety show broadcast by GTV. Hosted by Mavy Legaspi, Lexi Gonzales, Althea Ablan and Joaquin Domagoso, it premiered on July 4, 2021 on the network's Sunday evening line up. The show concluded on August 21, 2021.
Cast
Mavy Legaspi
Lexi Gonzales
Joaquin Domagoso
Althea Ablan
References
External links
2021 Philippine television series debuts
2021 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GTV (Philippine TV network) original programming
Philippine variety television shows
Kern Bridge or Yaeger Bridge crossed the Le Sueur River in Blue Earth County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was built in 1873 using a bowstring through truss design by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company. It was long and carried a local road. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as Minnesota's only bowstring arch truss bridge and oldest road bridge still in use. However, it was closed to vehicle traffic in 1991.
In 2019, the Minnesota Department of Transportation (MnDOT) announced plans to dismantle the bridge and store it for eventual reuse elsewhere. According to the department's website, it has been removed and is available for suitable relocation.
Less than downstream from its original site, the historic 1873 Kern Bridge has found a new home connecting the Land of Memories Park to Sibley Park in Mankato. Mankato will receive federal funding (80 percent of cost) to relocate and rehabilitate the bridge.
According to MnDOT, "Although Mankato is urban, the future Kern Bridge setting is wooded, crosses a large river, and is a similar context to the original bridge site." Pedestrians and bicyclists will access the bridge through the existing trail system. "The bridge will be seen from the north via a scenic overlook and from the south via U.S. Highway 169. Though the proposal included use of extensive approach spans to meet the river's width," MnDOT says, "the choice of a streamlined girder will allow the arch to be visually prominent, an important consideration in re-listing the bridge" on the National Register of Historic Places.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Minnesota
References
External links
Bowstring truss bridges in the United States
Bridges completed in 1873
Buildings and structures in Blue Earth County, Minnesota
Historic American Engineering Record in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Blue Earth County, Minnesota
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Transportation in Blue Earth County, Minnesota
Wrought iron bridges in the United States
1873 establishments in Minnesota
Le Sueur River
Mark Edusei (born 29 September 1976 in Kumasi) is a former Ghanaian football midfielder. Throughout his career Edusei moved around a lot, playing for clubs based in six countries.
Career
Early career
Catania
From the 2006–2007 season he played for Serie A team Calcio Catania. The Sicily team signed him in co-ownership deal for €120,000. In June 2007 Catania acquired him for an additional €150,000. Edusei became a big part of the Catania team off the bench and from the start on occasions. During his three-season stint, he made over 25 appearances.
Late career
After taking no part in field play during the first six months of the 08-09 Serie A season, Edusei was allowed to Bari in January 2009. Edusei signed a deal until June 2010.
In December 2009 he signed a contract until the end of season with optional 1 more year with Bellinzona.
International
Edusei has also represented the Ghana national team.
References
External links
http://www.gazzetta.it/speciali/statistiche/2008_nw/giocatori/2101.shtml
Ghanaian footballers
Ghana international footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
2000 African Cup of Nations players
Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C. players
U.S. Lecce players
U.D. Leiria players
AC Bellinzona players
Cosenza Calcio 1914 players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Torino F.C. players
Catania S.S.D. players
King Faisal Babes FC players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Primeira Liga players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Liga Leumit players
Footballers from Kumasi
1976 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Dennis Mims (born October 15, 1980) is an American professional basketball player. He assumes Turkish citizenship. He joined Beşiktaş Cola Turka for 2008-09 season. Played in Eurocup, Baltic cup, Asian and Balkan cup competitions.
References
External links
TBLStat.net Profile
Legadue Profile
1980 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Colombia
American expatriate basketball people in Estonia
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Qatar
Astoria Bydgoszcz players
OGM Ormanspor players
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Basketball players from South Carolina
BC Tallinn Kalev players
Beşiktaş men's basketball players
Dakota Wizards (CBA) players
İstanbul Teknik Üniversitesi B.K. players
Tampereen Pyrintö players
IUP Crimson Hawks men's basketball players
TED Ankara Kolejliler players
Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Almost everything about Neanderthal behaviour remains controversial. From their physiology, Neanderthals are presumed to have been omnivores, but animal protein formed the majority of their dietary protein, showing them to have been carnivorous apex predators and not scavengers. Although very little is known of their social organization, it appears patrilines would make up the nucleus of the tribe, and women would seek out partners in neighbouring tribes once reaching adolescence, presumably to avoid inbreeding. The men would pass knowledge and customs down from fathers to sons. Neanderthal women appear to heavily skew physically impressive neanderthal men, hinting that neanderthal men would compete with each other and polyamorous relationships would emerge.
The quality of stone tools at archaeological sites suggests Neanderthals were good at "expert" cognition, a form of observational learning and practice – acquired through apprenticeship – that relies heavily on long-term procedural memory. Neanderthal toolmaking changed little over hundreds of thousands of years. The lack of innovation may imply a reduced capacity for thinking by analogy and less working memory. Researchers have speculated that Neanderthal behaviour would probably seem neophobic, dogmatic and xenophobic to modern humans, and of a degree of rationality. There is genetic evidence that supports interbreeding with Homo sapiens, language capability (including the FOXP2 gene), archaeological signs of cultural development and potential for cumulative cultural evolution. Few Neanderthals lived past the age of 35.
Language
It is not known whether Neanderthals were anatomically capable of speech and whether they spoke. The only bone in the vocal tract is the hyoid, but it is so fragile that no Neanderthal hyoid was found until 1983, when excavators discovered a well-preserved one on Neanderthal Kebara 2, Israel. It was largely similar to that of living humans. Although the original excavators claimed that the similarity of this bone with that of living humans implied Neanderthals were anatomically capable of speech, it is not possible to reconstruct the vocal tract with information supplied by the hyoid. In particular, it does not allow determining if the larynx of its owner was in a low-lying position, a feature considered important in producing speech.
A 2013 study on the Kebara hyoid used X-ray microtomography and finite element analysis to conclude that the Neanderthal hyoid showed microscopic features more similar to a modern human's hyoid than to a chimpanzee hyoid. To the authors, that suggested the Neanderthal hyoid was used similarly to that in living humans, that is, to produce speech. Because the authors did not compare the microscopic structure of the Kebara 2 hyoid with that of speech-hindered living humans, the result is not yet conclusive.
Although some researchers think Neanderthal tool-making is too complex for them not to have had language, tool-making experiments of Levallois technology, the most common Neanderthal toolmaking technique, have found that living humans can learn it in silence.
Neanderthals had the same DNA-coding region of the FOXP2 gene as living humans, but are different in one position of the gene's regulatory regions, and the extent of FOXP2 expression might hence have been different in Neanderthals. Although the gene appears necessary for language, it is not sufficient. It is not known whether FOXP2 evolved for or in conjunction with language, nor whether there are other language-related genes that Neanderthals may or may not have had. Similarly, the size and functionality of the Neanderthal Broca's and Wernicke's areas, used for speech generation in modern humans, is debated.
In 1998, researchers suggested Neanderthals had a hypoglossal canal at least as large as humans, suggesting they had part of the neurological requirements for language. The canal carries the hypoglossal nerve, which controls the muscles of the tongue, necessary to produce language. However, a Berkeley research team showed no correlation between canal size and speech, as several extant non-human primates and fossilized australopithecines have larger hypoglossal canals.
The morphology of the outer and middle ear of Homo heidelbergensis, the Neanderthal's ancestor, suggests they had an auditory sensitivity similar to modern humans and different from chimpanzees.
Tools
Neanderthal and early anatomically modern human archaeological sites show a simpler toolkit than those found in Upper Paleolithic sites, produced by modern humans after about 50,000 BP. In both early anatomically modern humans and Neanderthals, there is little innovation in the technology. In 2020 a 50,000-year-old three-ply cord fragment made from bark was found at the Abri du Maras, France site. Bruce Hardy of Kenyon College, Ohio, concluded that the creation of the cord suggested a cognitive understanding of numeracy and context-sensitive operational memory.
Tools produced by Middle Palaeolithic humans in Eurasia (both Neanderthals and early modern humans) are known as Mousterian. These were often produced using soft hammer percussion, with hammers made of materials like bones, antlers, and wood, rather than hard hammer percussion, using stone hammers. A result of this is that their bone industry was relatively simple. They routinely made stone implements. Neanderthal tools consisted of stone flakes and task-specific hand axes, many of which were sharp.
There is evidence of violence among Neanderthals. The 40,000-year-old Neanderthal skull of St. Césaire has a healed fracture in its cranial vault likely caused by something sharp, suggesting interpersonal violence. The wound healed and the Neanderthal survived.
Whether they had projectile weapons is controversial. They seem to have had wooden spears, but it is unclear whether they were used as projectiles or as thrusting spears. Wood implements rarely survive, but several 320,000-year-old wooden spears about 2 metres in length were found near Schöningen, northern Germany, and are thought to be the product of the older Homo heidelbergensis species.
Neanderthals used fire on occasion, but it is not certain whether they were able to produce it. They may have used pyrolusite (manganese dioxide) to accelerate the combustion of wood. "With archaeological evidence for fireplaces and the conversion of the manganese dioxide to powder, [it has been argued] that Neanderthals at Pech-de-l'Azé I used manganese dioxide in fire-making and produced fire on demand." MnO2 lowers the combustion temperature of wood from 350 degrees Celsius to 250 degrees Celsius and is common in Neanderthal archaeological sites.
Neanderthals produced birch tar through the dry distillation of birch bark. It was long thought that birch tar made by Neanderthals required them to follow a complex recipe and that it thus showed complex cognitive skills (to arrive at this recipe) and cultural transmission (of this recipe). A study from 2019 showed that birch tar production can instead be a very simple process - merely involving the burning of birch bark near smooth vertical surfaces in open-air conditions.
Pendants and other jewellery showing traces of ochre dye and deliberate grooving have also been found in one single stratigraphically disturbed Neanderthal archaeological layer, but whether these items were ever in the hands of Neanderthals or were mixed into their archaeological layers from overlying modern human ones is debated.
Burial claims
No claim of a deliberate Neanderthal burial is universally accepted. An interpretation of pre-Neanderthal Shanidar IV as having been ritually buried with flowers was seriously questioned in the past, and to Paul B. Pettitt, convincingly eliminated: "A recent examination of the microfauna from the strata into which the grave was cut suggests that the pollen was deposited by the burrowing rodent Meriones tersicus (Persian jird), which is common in the Shanidar microfauna and whose burrowing activity can be observed today".
However, further excavations of the site which began in 2014 led to new discoveries and multiple lines of evidence that the Neanderthal was deliberately buried, including the fact that the sediment layer around the body is visibly different to the layer below. Additionally, the sediment below the body shows signs of having been disturbed by digging. According to Emma Pomeroy of the University of Cambridge, “That's quite good evidence that something was dug out and that's what the body's been put in.”
Diet
Neanderthals obtained protein in their diet from animal sources. Evidence-based isotope studies show that Neanderthals ate primarily meat. Neanderthals were probably apex predators, and fed predominantly on deer, namely red deer and reindeer, as they were the most abundant game, but also on ibex, wild boar, aurochs, and less frequently mammoth, straight-tusked elephant and woolly rhinoceros.
Traces of fossilized plants have been extracted from Neanderthal teeth tartar found in Belgium and Iraq, suggesting they also consumed plants.
Cannibalism
Neanderthals are thought to have practised cannibalism or ritual defleshing. This hypothesis was formulated after researchers found marks on Neanderthal bones similar to the bones of a dead deer butchered by Neanderthals.
Neanderthal bones from various sites (Combe-Grenal and Abri Moula in France, Krapina in Croatia and Grotta Guattari in Italy) have all been cited as bearing cut marks made by stone tools. However, the results of technological tests have revealed varied causes.
Re-evaluation of these marks using high-powered microscopes, comparisons to contemporary butchered animal remains, and recent ethnographic cases of excarnation mortuary practises have shown that perhaps this was a case of ritual defleshing.
At Grotta Guattari, the purposefully widened base of the skull (for access to the brain) is caused by carnivore action, with hyena tooth marks found on the skull and mandible.
According to some studies, fragments of bones from Krapina show marks similar to those on bones from secondary burials at a Michigan ossuary (14th century AD), and are indicative of removing the flesh of a partially decomposed body.
According to others, the marks on the bones found at Krapina are indicative of defleshing, although whether this was for nutritional or ritual purposes cannot be determined with certainty.
Evidence of cannibalism includes:
Analysis of bones from Abri Moula in France does seem to suggest cannibalism was practised here. Cut-marks are concentrated in places expected in the case of butchery, instead of defleshing. Additionally, the treatment of the bones was similar to that of roe deer bones, assumed to be food remains, found in the same shelter.
At El Sidron in Northern Spain, scientists have found evidence pointing to the cannibalism of 12 individuals by what is hypothesized to have been a neighbouring group of Neanderthals. According to Carles Lalueza-Fox of the Institute of Evolutionary Biology in Barcelona, the individuals (three children aged from two to nine, three teenagers, and six adults) appear to have been "killed and eaten, with their bones and skulls split open to extract the marrow, tongue and brains." Scientists speculate that the lack of any evidence of fire makes it likely that the event happened in winter, during times when food was scarce.
Evidence indicating cannibalism would not distinguish Neanderthals from modern humans, which are known to have practised cannibalism or mortuary defleshing (e.g., the sky burial of Tibet).
Claims of art and adornment
A large number of claims of Neanderthal art, adornment, and structures have been made, which would show Neanderthals were capable of symbolic thought and a degree of human rationality. However, none of them are widely accepted as evidence of symbolism, as the dating often interlaps with anatomically modern human presence in Europe. Some notable findings are listed below.
Flower pollen on the body of pre-Neanderthal Shanidar 4, Iraq, had in 1975 been argued to be a flower burial, but the pollen could have also been deposited by natural events.
In 1975, a piece of flat flint with a piece of bone pushed through a hole on the midsection–dating to 32, 40, or 75 kya–has been purported to resemble the upper half of a face, with the bone representing eyes–the Mask of la Roche-Cotard. It is contested whether it represents a face, or if it even constitutes art.
Châtelperronian beads have been attributed to Neanderthals, but the dating is uncertain and the beads may have been made by modern humans.
Bird bones were argued to show evidence for feather plucking in a 2012 study examining 1,699 ancient sites across Eurasia, which the authors controversially took to mean Neanderthals wore bird feathers as personal adornments.
Deep scratches on the floor of Gorham's Cave, Gibraltar, were dated to older than 39 kya in 2012, which some have controversially interpreted as Neanderthal abstract art.
In 2015, a study argued that several 130,000-year-old eagle talons found in a cache near Krapina, Croatia along with Neanderthal bones, had been modified to be used as jewellery. A similar talon necklace was reported in 2019 at Cova Foradà in Spain.
Two artificial 176,000-year-old stalagmite ring structures several metres wide, more than from the entrance within Bruniquel Cave, France, were reported in 2016. Being so far inside the cave also shows the use of artificial lighting in underground environments. Other red-painted stalagmites in Spain were dated to 65,500 years ago.
In 2017, incision-decorated raven bones from the Zaskalnaya VI (Kolosovskaya) Neanderthal site, Crimea, Micoquian industry dated to 43–38 kya were reported. Given there are 17 of these objects at seven different sites in the area, and the notches on all of them are more or less equidistant to each other, they are very unlikely to have originated from simple butchering.
In 2018, red-painted symbols comprising hand stencils, a ladder-shaped figure, dots, discs, lines, and representations of animals on the cave walls of several caves across Spain apart, including La Pasiega, Cave of Maltravieso, Cave of El Castillo, and Doña Trinidad–were dated to be older than 66,000 years ago. If the dating is correct, they were painted at least 20,000 years before the arrival of anatomically modern humans in western Europe, and demonstrate Neanderthals were capable of symbolic behaviour.
The Cave of Los Aviones in Spain has yielded ochred and perforated marine shells, red and yellow colourants, and shell "makeup containers" that feature residues of complex pigment mixtures. The pigments on the seashells were dated to 115,000 years old, making these "the oldest personal ornamentation known anywhere in the world," predating the presence of Homo sapiens.
References
Sources
External links
Behavior
Human behavior
The Roman Villa Borg is a reconstructed Roman villa rustica located near the villages of Borg and Oberleuken in the municipality of Perl in Saarland, Germany. Discovered at the end of the 19th century, the site was excavated in the late 1980s. Reconstruction work, which began in the mid-1990s, was virtually completed in late 2008 although further excavation work is still continuing. The site is a popular tourist attraction with some 50,000 visitors per year.
History
It was Johann Schneider, a local schoolteacher, who around the year 1900 first came across the site after noticing unnatural mounds in the area. He soon discovered the remains of walls as well as Roman pottery. Partly as a result of the World Wars, little was done until the mid-1980s when the Saarland authorities fenced the site off after illegal excavations started to threaten its survival. Systematic excavation work began in 1987. The excavations soon revealed evidence of pre-Roman inhabitation directly below the foundations of the Roman villa. Not only were there traces of Iron Age structures but also of Beaker culture settlements. Tools dating from the Neolithic period were also found on the site.
The site
The site is that of a villa rustica or agricultural facility consisting of a large palatial residence or pars urbana and a pars rustica or economic area. There had been very little activity on the site since Roman times with the result that the Roman remains are still in very good condition.
Reconstruction
Reconstruction work was designed to present an authentic representation of the buildings as they originally stood so that visitors could better appreciate archaeology and antiquity. In addition to the findings of excavation work, similar sites (such as Echternach in Luxembourg) were taken into account as was pertinent ancient (e.g. Vitruvius) and modern literature. The reconstructed buildings now stand on the Roman foundation walls, revealing their probable appearance in the 2nd to 3rd century.
The current buildings comprise: the baths which are fully functional consisting of a frigidarium (cold bath), caldarium (hot bath) and tepidarium (tempered bath) together with latrines, a dressing room and a relaxation area; the manor or main building with a large reception hall and a number of adjacent rooms in which the most important finds from the site are displayed; the Roman kitchen (completed in 2008); a residential building; and a tavern, which was not part of the original villa but which serves meals based on ancient Roman recipes.
The gardens
The gardens, which have been designed as authentically as possible on the basis of pollen analysis and relevant literature, consist of a herb garden with spices and remedial plants as well as a kitchen garden with fruits and vegetables. The rose garden and the inner court garden are also based on Roman models and give an idea of Roman garden architecture with their fountains and footpaths.
Annual Roman days
The "Roman Days" (Römertage), a weekend with shows of Roman-era historical reenactment, have been held annually at the villa for one weekend in August since 1997.
References
Roman villas in Germany
Archaeological museums in Germany
Museums in Saarland
Roman sites in Germany
Reconstructions of Roman sites
Museums of ancient Rome in Germany
Replica buildings
Borg
was a Japanese daimyō during the Azuchi–Momoyama and Edo periods. A native of Mikawa Province, Kiyonaga served the Tokugawa clan during its battles, until 1600. he was one of Ieyasu's "three magistrates" (san-bugyō).
Biography
Born in Mikawa, Kiyonaga first served Tokugawa Ieyasu in 1552. In Mikawa, he served as one of Ieyasu's three magistrates (san-bugyō), together with Amano Yasukage and Honda Shigetsugu. Yasukage was known for his patience, Shigetsugu for his fortitude, and Kiyonaga for his leniency; this leniency earned him the nickname of "Buddha Kōriki" (Hotoke Kōriki 仏高力).
Kiyonaga was also active in various battles including Siege of Terabe 1558 and also Siege of Marune 1560. He transported provisions to Ōtaka Castle at the Battle of Okehazama 1560. He helped suppress the Ikkō-ikki of Mikawa Province including Battle of Batogahara 1564, joined in the pacification of Tōtōmi Province at Siege of Kakegawa 1569, and took part in the Battle of Komaki and Nagakute 1584. Kiyonaga also assisted with ship construction for the Seven-Year War (1592-1598).
Kiyonaga became a daimyō in 1590, when he was granted the 20,000 koku fief of Iwatsuki. As he was preceded in death by his son Masanaga, Kiyonaga retired after the Sekigahara, and passed down family headship to his grandson Tadafusa.
References
Japanese Wikipedia article on Kōriki Kiyonaga
1530 births
1608 deaths
Daimyo
Samurai
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of Georgia, sorted by type and name. In 2020, Georgia had a total summer capacity of 37,279 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 120,126 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix in 2021 was 46.3% natural gas, 26.8% nuclear, 15.6% coal, 4.5% biomass, 3.3% hydroelectric, 3.8% solar, and 0.2% petroleum.
Two new nuclear reactors are under construction at the Vogtle Electric Generating Plant. They are the nation's first AP1000 reactors and have planned startup dates in 2023. The state has no active uranium or fossil-fuel mining operations and limited proven reserves of coal.
Nuclear power plants
Fossil-fuel power plants
Coal
Natural Gas
Oil
Renewable power plants
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Biomass and municipal waste
Hydroelectric dams
Georgia Power Hydro incorporates 72 hydroelectric generating units to produce a generation capacity of 844,720 kilowatts (kW). Georgia Power Hydro facilities also provide more than of water bodies and more than of shoreline for habitat and recreational use.
electricity is generated in Alabama
Carters, Russell, and Wallace generate additional electricity as reversible pumped storage
Solar photovoltaic
Wind
Georgia had no utility-scale wind generating facilities in 2019. It has much potential for offshore development and limited onshore potential.
Storage power plants
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Batteries
Pumped storage
See also
List of power stations in the United States
List of power stations operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority
References
Georgia
Lists of buildings and structures in Georgia (U.S. state)
Energy in Georgia (U.S. state)
An off-road vehicle, sometimes referred to as an overland or adventure vehicle, is considered to be any type of vehicle which is capable of driving on and off paved or gravel surface. It is generally characterized by having large tires with deep, open treads, a flexible suspension, or even caterpillar tracks. Other vehicles that do not travel on public streets or highways are generally termed off-highway vehicles, including tractors, forklifts, cranes, backhoes, bulldozers, and golf carts.
Off-road vehicles have an enthusiastic following because of their versatility. Several types of motorsports involve racing off-road vehicles. The most common use of these vehicles is for sightseeing in areas distant from the pavement. The use of higher clearance and higher traction vehicles enables access on trails and forest roads that have rough and low traction surfaces. Off-road vehicles can typically ford through deeper waters (i.e., rivers or floodwaters) than on-road vehicles can.
History
One of the first modified off-road vehicles was the Kégresse track, a conversion undertaken first by Adolphe Kégresse, who designed the original while working for Czar Nicholas II of Russia between 1906 and 1916. The system uses a caterpillar track with a flexible belt rather than interlocking metal segments. It can be fitted to a conventional car or truck to turn it into a half-track suitable for use over rough or soft ground.
After the Russian Revolution of 1917, Kégresse returned to his native France where the system was used on Citroën cars between 1921 and 1937 for off-road and military vehicles. The Citroën company sponsored several overland expeditions with their vehicles crossing North Africa and Central Asia.
A huge wheeled vehicle designed from 1937 to 1939 under the direction of Thomas Poulter called Antarctic Snow Cruiser was intended to facilitate transport in the Antarctica. While having several innovative features, it generally failed to operate as hoped under the difficult conditions, and was eventually abandoned in Antarctica.
After World War II, a huge surplus of light off-road vehicles like the Jeep and heavier lorries were available on the automobile market. The Jeeps in particular were popular with buyers who used them as utility vehicles. This was also the start of off-roading as a hobby. The wartime Jeeps soon wore out, though, and the Jeep company started to produce civilian derivatives, closely followed by similar vehicles from British Land Rover and Japanese Toyota, Datsun/Nissan, Suzuki, and Mitsubishi. These were all alike: small, compact, four-wheel-drive vehicles with at most a small hardtop to protect the occupants from the elements.
From the 1960s and onward, more comfortable vehicles were produced. For several years, they were popular with rural buyers due to their off-road and load-lugging capabilities. The U.S. Jeep Wagoneer and the Ford Bronco, the British Range Rover, and the station wagon-bodied Japanese Toyota Land Cruiser, Nissan Patrol, and Suzuki Lj's series were all essentially just station wagon bodies on light truck frames with four-wheel-drive drivetrains. Later, during the 1990s, manufacturers started to add even more luxuries to bring those off-road vehicles on par with regular cars. This eventually evolved into what we call the SUV today. It also evolved into the newer crossover vehicle, where utility and off-road capability was sacrificed for better on-road handling and luxury.
Technical
To be able to drive off the pavement, off-road vehicles need several characteristics: They need to have a low ground pressure, so as not to sink into soft ground, they need ground clearance to not get hung up on obstacles, and they need to keep their wheels or tracks on the ground so as not to lose traction. Wheeled vehicles accomplish this by having a suitable balance of large or additional tires combined with tall and flexible suspension. Tracked vehicles accomplish this by having wide tracks and a flexible suspension on the road wheels.
The choice of wheels versus tracks is one of cost and suitability. A tracked drivetrain is more expensive to produce and maintain. Wheeled drivetrains are cheaper and give a higher top speed. The tracked drivetrain has greater off-road capability.
Tires play a significant role for any off-road vehicle equipped with wheels, as they ensure optimal traction required to keep it moving. The off-road tire tread types vary depending on the terrain type. The most common types of off-road tires are A/T (stands for "All Terrain") and M/T (stands for "Mud Terrain"). While the A/T tires perform excellently on the sand, they are barely usable in the mud. There are also unique Sand Blaster and Mud bogging tires used for the most challenging terrains such as dirt, sand and even water to maintain traction at extreme angles and high speeds (off-road motorsport).
Most off-road vehicles are fitted with especially low gearing. This allows the operator to make the most of the engine's available power while moving slowly through challenging terrain. An internal combustion engine coupled to a standard gearbox often has an output speed too high. The vehicle often has one of two things, either a very low ("granny") first gear (like the all-wheel drive Volkswagen Transporter versions) or an additional gearbox in line with the first, called a reduction drive. Some vehicles, like the Bv206 in the picture on the right, also have torque converters to further reduce the gearing.
Many wheeled off-road vehicles provide power to all wheels to keep traction on slippery surfaces. For a typical four-wheel vehicle this is known as four-wheel drive. Vehicles designed for use both on and off-road may be designed to be switched between two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive so that the vehicle uses fewer driven wheels when driven on the road.
Criticism of off-road vehicles
Safety
SUVs are built with higher ground clearance for off-road use and thus have a higher centre of gravity, therefore increasing the risk of rollover. When an SUV turns, the vehicle's mass resists the turn and carries the weight forward, thus allowing the traction from the tires to create a lateral centripetal force as the vehicle continues through the turn. The conflict between the top weight of the SUV's desire to go straight while the friction of the tires on the road cause the bottom of the vehicle to move away and out from under the vehicle during a turn.
SUVs are more likely to be in rollover accidents than passenger cars. According to a study conducted in the United States, SUVs have twice the fatality rate of cars and have nearly triple the fatality rate in rollover accidents.
Of vehicles in the United States, light trucks (including SUVs) represent 36 percent of all registered vehicles. They are involved in about half of the fatal two-vehicle crashes with passenger cars, and 80 percent of these fatalities are to occupants of the passenger cars.
Environment
In the United States, the number of ORV users since 1972 has climbed sevenfold—from five million to 36 million in 2000. Government policies that protect wilderness but also allow recreational ORV use have been the subject of some debate within the United States and other countries.
All trail and off-trail activities impact natural vegetation and wildlife, which can lead to erosion, invasive species, habitat loss, and ultimately species loss decreasing an ecosystem's ability to maintain homeostasis. ORV's cause greater stress to the environment than foot traffic alone, and ORV operators who attempt to test their vehicles against natural obstacles can do significantly more damage than those who follow legal trails. Illegal use of off-road vehicles has been identified as a serious land management problem ranked with dumping garbage and other forms of vandalism. Many user organizations, such as Tread Lightly! and the Sierra Club, publish and encourage appropriate trail ethics.
ORVs have also been criticized for producing more pollution in areas that might normally have none. In addition to noise pollution that can cause hearing impairment and stress in wildlife, according to the U.S. Forest Service, old-style two-stroke engines (no longer a component of new off-road vehicles, although some are still in use) "emit about 20 to 33 percent of the consumed fuel through the exhaust" and "discharge from two-stroke snowmobile engines can lead to indirect pollutant deposition into the top layer of snow and subsequently into the associated surface and ground water." In 2002, the United States Environmental Protection Agency adopted emissions standards for all-terrain vehicles that "when fully implemented in 2012... are expected to prevent the release of more than two million tons of air pollution each year—the equivalent of removing the pollution from more than 32 million cars every year."
Common off-road vehicles
Common commercial off-road vehicles include four-wheel-drive pickup trucks like the Ford F-Series, Chevrolet C/K, Dodge Ram, and Toyota Tacoma. A number of military vehicles have also seen civilian use, including the Jeep CJ and the AM General Hummer. Some, like the early Land Rovers, were adapted to military use from civilian specifications. Specialised commonly available off-road vehicles include UTVs (Utility Terrain Vehicles), ATVs (All Terrain Vehicles), dirt bikes, dune buggies, rock crawlers, and sandrails.
All-terrain vehicle
An all-terrain vehicle (ATV), also known as a quad, quad bike, three-wheeler, or four-wheeler, or RZR is defined by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) as a vehicle that travels on low-pressure tires, with a seat that is straddled by the operator, along with handlebars for steering control. As the name implies, it is designed to handle a wider variety of terrain than most other vehicles. Although it is a street-legal vehicle in some countries, it is not street-legal within most states and provinces of Australia, the United States or Canada..
UTV (Utility Task Vehicle) is very similar to ATV.
Off-road motorcycle
There are various types of off-road motorcycles, also known as dirt bikes, specially designed for off-road events. Compared to road-going motorcycles, off-road machines are simpler and lighter, having long suspension travel, high ground clearance, and rugged construction with little bodywork and no fairings for less damage in spills. Wheels (usually 21" front, 18" rear) have knobby tires, often clamped to the rim with a rim lock.
Commercial, military and less common off-road vehicles
European militaries and utilities have used Land Rover Defenders, Haflingers, Pinzgauers, Volvo L3314, and Mercedes-Benz Unimogs for all-terrain transportation. The Portuguese UMM Alter is less common.
The military market for off-road vehicles used to be large, but, since the fall of the Iron Curtain in the 1990s, it has dried up to some extent. The U.S. jeeps, developed during World War II, coined the word many people use for any type of light off-road vehicle. In the U.S., the Jeeps' successor from the mid 1980s was the AM General HMMWV series. The Red Army used the GAZ-61 and GAZ-64 during World War II. The Eastern Bloc used the GAZ-69 and UAZ-469 in similar roles.
See also
Amphibious vehicle
Off roading
Tread Lightly!
Ramp travel index
Sport utility vehicle
Pickup truck
Game viewer vehicle
Overlanding
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Li Jianfang (born 16 February 1972) is a Chinese handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1972 births
Living people
Chinese female handball players
Olympic handball players of China
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1994 Asian Games
Handball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
20th-century Chinese women
Stephanostema is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1904. It contains only one known species, Stephanostema stenocarpum, found only in the Uzaramo District in eastern Tanzania.
References
Flora of Tanzania
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Wrightieae
Das Hohelied Salomos ("The Song of Solomon") is the sixth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1975, on United Artists Records. In 2005, SPV re-released the album with three bonus tracks.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except 2, 9 composed by Florian Fricke and Daniel Fichelscher, and 7 composed by Daniel Fichelscher. Lyrics by Salomo arranged by Florian Fricke.
"Steh auf, zieh mich Dir nach" – 4:44
"Du schönste der Weiber" – 4:28
"In den Nächten auf den Gassen I" – 1:33
"Du Sohn Davids I" – 2:59
"In den Nächten auf den Gassen II" – 3:26
"Der Winter ist vorbei" – 3:42
"Ja, Deine Liebe ist süßer als Wein" – 3:36
"Du Sohn Davids II" – 3:47
"Du tränke mich mit Deinen Küssen" – 4:57
2005 bonus tracks
"In den Nächten auf den Gassen III" – 2:10
"Schön bist Du vor Menschensöhnen" (Alternative Session) – 2:45
"Mitten im Garten" (Alternative Piano Version) – 4:50
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano
Daniel Fichelscher – electric guitar, acoustic guitar, percussion
Djong Yun – vocals
Guest musicians
Alois Gromer – sitar
Shana Kumar – tabla
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studio, Munich, February 1975
Engineered by Klaus Meier and Wolfgang Loper, assisted by Libuse Tomas and Hardy Bank
Electronics by Florian Fricke, Frank Fiedler, and Robert Wedel
Mixed and produced by Florian Fricke and Reinhard Langowski
Art direction and design by Ulli Eichberger
References
External links
Furious.com (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
Enricobassi.it (featuring the original credits)
Venco.com.pl
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1975 albums
German-language albums
United Artists Records albums
SPV GmbH albums
The Tamil keyboard is used in computers and mobile devices to input text in the Tamil script.
The keyboard layout approved by the Government of Tamil Nadu is Tamil 99. The InScript keyboard is the keyboard layout standardized by the Government of India for inputting text in the languages of India written in Brahmic scripts.
Tamil keyboards are often digraphic, combining the Tamil script with the Latin alphabet.
Tamil 99
Tamil 99 is a keyboard layout approved by the Tamil Nadu Government. The layout, along with several monolingual and bilingual fonts for use with the Tamil language, was approved by Government order on 13 June 1999.
Designed for use with a normal QWERTY keyboard, typing follows a consonant-vowel pattern. The arrangement of the characters allow for fast and simple typing for users familiar with the script.
InScript
InScript (Indian Script) is the standard keyboard for Indian scripts. It is a touch typing keyboard layout for computer. This keyboard layout is standardized by Government of India for inputting text in languages of India written in Brahmic scripts, as well as the Santali language, written in the non-Brahmic Ol Chiki script. It was developed by Indian Government and supported by several public and private organisations. This is the standard keyboard for 12 Indian scripts including Bengali, Devanagari, Gujarati, Gurmukhi, Kannada, Malayalam, Oriya, Tamil and Telugu etc.
Usage
Windows 10
On Windows 10, Go to Settings.> Time & Language.> Region and Language.> Add new language.> Tamil (India) or Tamil (Sri Lanka) and select installation. Then click Tamil (India) or Sri Lanka and select the options. Now select the Keyboard you want (Inscript or Tamil 99). Note: Tamil 99 is only available in Windows 10 April 2018 Update and higher.
iOS
On iOS, Go to Settings.> General.> Keyboards.> Keyboards.> Add New Keyboard, and select Tamil, Select the required keyboard, such as Tamil99, Anjal or InScript.
See also
Tamil 99
தமிழ் 99
InScript
Brahmic keyboard layouts
Keyboard layout
Tamil (Unicode block)
References
External links
http://ildc.in/inscriptlayout.html
http://tamilelibrary.org/teli/tnstd.html
http://tamilnation.org/digital/tamilnet99/report.htm
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tamil.keyboard.unicode
Tamil Typing Online
Tamil input methods
Keyboard layouts
Indic computing
Girolamo Doria (1495 – 25 March 1558) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal.
Biography
Girolamo Doria was born in Genoa in 1495, the son of Andrea Doria. Early in his life, he married Luisa Spinola and had several children. He entered the ecclesiastical state after his wife died, becoming a cleric in Genoa.
Pope Clement VII made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of January 1529. He received the red hat and the deaconry of San Tommaso in Parione on 15 November 1529.
In 1530, he attended the coronation of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor by the pope in Bologna.
He was the administrator of the see of Elne from 12 January 1530 until 2 October 1532; administrator of the see of Huesca y Jaca from 2 October 1532 until 8 May 1533; administrator of the see of Tarragona from 8 May 1533; and administrator of the see of Noli from 13 April 1534 until 25 February 1549.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1534 that elected Pope Paul III.
From 15 November 1536 until 28 June 1538 he was administrator of the see of Nebbio.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III; the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II; and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
On 29 May 1555 he opted for the title of Santa Maria in Campitelli.
He died in Genoa on 25 March 1558. He is buried in the Augustinian church of Santa Maria della Cella.
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
1495 births
1558 deaths
16th-century Italian cardinals
The 1977 World Junior Figure Skating Championships were held on February 8–12, 1977 in Megève, France. Sanctioned by the International Skating Union, it was the second edition of an annual competition in which figure skaters compete for the title of world junior champion. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dance
References
World Junior Figure Skating Championships
World Junior
F
International figure skating competitions hosted by France
The 2018 Derry Senior Football Championship was the 95th edition of Derry GAA's premier gaelic football tournament for the sixteen senior clubs in Derry Football League Division 1. The winners received the John McLaughlin Cup.
Coleraine won their second title, beating Lavey by 1-12 to 0-12 in the final at Celtic Park on 28 October 2018.
Slaughtneil were the defending champions, having won "4-in-a-row" by defeating Ballinascreen 4-12 to 1-11 in the final on 24 September 2017 in Celtic Park. They were beaten by 1-11 to 0-13 by Coleraine on 3 October 2018 in a quarter-final replay. This was their first defeat in the Derry senior championship since they lost to Lavey by 3-07 to 1-11 in a first round game on 16 August 2015. They subsequently progressed through the qualifier system to win the 2015 championship.
Competition Format
Current format
The senior championship reverted to straight knock-out in 2016 and the format continues with some minor alterations. If the score is level at the end of the normal sixty minutes, the match is replayed. If the replay is also level at the end of normal time, two ten minutes halves are played each way. At the end (or close to the end) of each round, a random draw is held to determine the fixtures in the next round.
In Derry, relegation or promotion within the league system determines which championship a club competes in – Division 1 teams compete in the senior championship, Division 2 teams in the intermediate championship and Division 3 teams in the junior championship.
2018 was the last year for this league format as the adult football leagues in Derry were restructured to Division 1A - 12 teams, Division 1B - 12 teams and Division 2 - 14 teams (previously there were 16 teams in Division 1, 14 teams in Division 2 and 8 teams in Division 3) for the start of the 2019 season. Five teams were relegated from the 2018 Division 1 to the new 2019 Division 1B (see section 'Relegations and promotions in 2018' below for details). The 2019 senior championship was competed for by the top 15 teams in the 2018 Division 1 and Banagher, the winners of the 2018 Division 2. Claudy, who finished 16th in 2018, were relegated to the 2019 intermediate football championship.
Previous Formats
A back-door format was used from 2009 to 2015. Four initial ‘round-robin' groups of four teams with the top two teams in each group progressing to the four knockout quarter-finals were used in seasons 2007 and 2008.
Recent history of relegations and promotions
Relegations and promotions in 2018
Five teams were relegated from the old Division 1 in 2018 to the new Division 1B in 2019.
Newbridge finished 12th with 12 points and played Banagher, the Division 2 winners, in a relegation/promotion match on 12 October 2018. Banagher won by 2-08 to 1-07 and were promoted to the new Division 1A. Newbridge were relegated to the new Division 1B.
Kilrea finished 13th with 12 points and were relegated to the new Division 1B
Greenlough finished 14th with 8 points and were relegated to the new Division 1B
Glenullin finished 15th with 5 points and were relegated to the new Division 1B
Claudy finished 16th with 3 points and were relegated to the new Division 1B
All the 2018 Division 1 teams except Claudy (who finished bottom) retained the right to play in the 2019 senior championship. Claudy's place was taken by Banagher, the winners of the 2018 Division 2.
Relegations and promotions in 2017
After Division 1 football ended on 6 August 2017, Swatragh were 15th in the table with eight points and Banagher were 16th with six points. Swatragh were initially penalised three league points for not fielding against Coleraine which would have meant that Swatragh were relegated. The three point penalty was subsequently overturned and Banagher were relegated.
Newbridge won Division 2 in 2017 and were promoted to Division 1 and the senior championship for 2018.
Relegations and promotions in 2016
Newbridge finished bottom (i.e. 16th) in Division 1 in 2016 and were relegated to Division 2.
Glenullin won Division 2 in 2016 and were promoted to Division 1 for 2017. They applied to compete in the 2016 senior championship and were allowed to do so.
Relegations and promotions in 2015
Foreglen finished in the bottom two in Division 1 in 2015 and were relegated to Division 2 following their loss to Glenullin in the Division 1 relegation playoff.
Glenullin finished in the bottom two in Division 1 in 2015 and were relegated to Division 2 following their loss to Claudy in the Division 1/Division 2 relegation/promotion playoff. Glenullin successfully applied to be allowed to play in the 2016 senior football championship.
Greenlough won Division 2 in 2015 and were promoted to Division 1 for 2016.
Claudy finished second in Division 2 in 2015 and were promoted to Division 1 following their victory over Glenullin in the Division 1/Division 2 relegation/promotion playoff.
Senior Championship Draw
The championship begins on Friday 7 September 2018. The draw for the first round was held on Tuesday 15 May 2018. Subsequent draws are held at the end (or very near the end) of every round. The bracket below can only be completed when the semi-final draw is announced.
First Round
Quarter-Finals
An altercation involving Greenlough players, management and a supporter occurred on the pitch in the aftermath of Greenlough's quarter-final defeat to Ballinascreen. Referee Damien Harkin and one of his umpires were allegedly assaulted.
Semi-Finals
Final
Top Scorers
Updated 21 October 2018*
References
Derry SFC
Derry Senior Football Championship
Derry Senior Football Championship
Cienegueta is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Alta, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 711.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Mavilla barrio and Cienegueta barrio was 982.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Alta, Puerto Rico
Leidesia is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1866. The sole species is Leidesia procumbens. The species is widespread in Southern Africa as far north as Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The genus name of Leidesia is in honour of Carl Friedrich Seidel (d. 1898), a German painter and botanist, and/or Jacob Friedrich Seidel (1789–1860), a German gardener, and/or Johann Heinrich Seidel (1744–1815), a German court gardener.
Species formerly included,
moved to Seidelia
Leidesia firmula Prain - Seidelia firmula (Prain) Pax & K.Hoffm.
References
Acalypheae
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Southern Africa
Flora of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Pheidole teneriffana is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Habitat and distribution
Pheidole teneriffana is an Asian species with collection records scattered over several continents and islands across the globe. Described from the Canary Islands and found widely distributed throughout the greater Mediterranean region. Probably introduced to the Malagasy region, it was described from Madagascar as P. voeltzkowii, only one year after the publication of the senior synonym. Morphologically, P. teneriffana can be grouped together with, and is possibly related to, P. fervens, P. indica, P. oceanica, and P. sinaitica. In the New World, Pheidole teneriffana has been introduced to California, Cuba, Peru, and the West Indian islands. It seems to be common in dry habitats, especially along coasts and in urban areas, and has been described as aggressive toward other ant species, locally abundant, and spreading in urban areas. In the Malagasy region P. teneriffana was collected on the Comoros, Mauritius, the Seychelles, and from coastal towns in Madagascar, usually from under stones, ground nests, or foraging on the ground or lower vegetation in urban or garden habitats at elevations between 2 and 296 m, on Mayotte in native littoral and secondary forest (7 m elevation). It has been collected in Saudi Arabia from soil, under stones, and foraging on the ground on a few farms at elevations between 570 and 1620 m.
References
Eli М. Sarnat, Georg Fischer, Benoit Guénard, Evan P. Economo. Introduced Pheidole of the world: taxonomy, biology and distribution. ZooKeys, 2015; 543: 1 DOI: 10.3897/zookeys.543.6050
External links
teneriffana
Insects described in 1893
The 2007 Savannah State Tigers football team competed in American football on behalf of the Savannah State University in the 2007 NCAA Division I FCS football season as an independent. This was the team's second season under the guidance of head coach Theo Lemon.
Schedule
Roster
Statistics
Team
Scores by quarter
Offense
Rushing
Passing
Receiving
Defense
Special teams
References
Savannah State
Savannah State Tigers football seasons
Savannah State Tigers football
Eighteen Springs () is a 1997 romantic drama directed by Ann Hui and starring Jacklyn Wu, Leon Lai, Anita Mui, Huang Lei and Ge You. It is a China-Hong Kong co-production, based on the novel of the same name by Eileen Chang.
The film depicts the ill-fated romance between two Chinese lovers in Shanghai and Nanjing during the 1930s and 1940s, which destined them to be apart for more than a decade. The film marked the second time Hui directed an Eileen Chang adaptation (the first was 1984's Love in a Fallen City).
Title
The novel was originally serialized in Shanghai's Yibao (亦报) in 1950–1951. Chang published a revised version in 1969 in Taiwan, shortening the length of the lovers' separation from 18 to 14 years and changing the title from 十八春 (Eighteen Springs) to 半生緣 (The yuan (affinity) of half a lifetime). Although the film's English title retains the original Chinese title, the Chinese title uses the revised title of the novel.
Plot
Gu Manzhen (Jacklyn Wu) is an educated girl, working in a Shanghai factory as a clerical assistant. Her elder sister Manlu (Anita Mui), who works as a nightclub hostess, supports her family. At the factory Manzhen meets two former male classmates, Xu Shuhui (Huang Lei) and Shen Shijun (Leon Lai), and the three become firm friends. Manzhen falls in love with the introverted Shijun, who hails from a wealthy family in Nanjing and is working in Shanghai because he does not want to inherit his father's merchandising business.
Unable to marry the man she loves, Manlu decides to marry wealthy, decadent playboy Zhu Hongcai (Ge You). Meanwhile, Manzhen and Shijun encounter obstacles to their love. Shijun's family (believing Manzhen's sister works at a sordid occupation) opposes their relationship and tries to match him with a cousin, Shi Cuizhi (Annie Wu). Manzhen quarrels with Shijun, and the two part unhappily.
Manlu is unable to bear children. To keep her husband, she arranges for Manzhen—visiting overnight—to be locked in their mansion and raped by Zhu (who is attracted to Manzhen). Manzhen becomes pregnant and is kept prisoner in Zhu's mansion, unable to contact Shijun. When Shijun arrives to see Manzhen, Manlu sends him away thinking that Manzhen has rejected his love because of their social differences.
Manzhen escapes from the hospital after giving birth to Zhu's son, and becomes a schoolteacher in another town. By the time she writes to Shijun, he has married Cuizhi. Cuizhi and her mother-in-law burn Manzhen's letters to Shijun.
Many years later, a desperately ill Manlu tracks down Manzhen to ask her forgiveness. Before she dies, she returns Manzhen's biological son (fathered by Zhu) in the hope that Manzhen will raise him. Manzhen still hates Zhu (who is remorseful for the rape), but decides to stay with him for the sake of their son.
Fourteen years after their parting, Manzhen and Shijun meet again by chance at their favorite restaurant in Shanghai. The two catch up on each other's lives and realize hopelessly that no matter how much they still love each other, because of their other obligations they can never be together again.
The film then flashes back to Shijun's search for Manzhen's missing red glove, which was when their romance began.
Cast
Jacklyn Wu as Gu Manzhen (顾曼桢)
Leon Lai as Shen Shijun (沈世钧)
Anita Mui as Gu Manlu (顾曼璐)
Ge You as Zhu Hongcai (祝鸿才)
Annie Wu as Shi Cuizhi (石翠芝)
Huang Lei as Xu Shuhui (许叔惠)
Wang Zhiwen as Zhang Yujin (张豫瑾)
Liu Changwei as Fang Yipeng (方一鹏)
Critical reception
Eighteen Springs was well received in Hong Kong. The film won Anita Mui the Best Supporting Actress award at the 17th Hong Kong Film Awards. Jacklyn Wu was nominated for Best Actress for her role as Manzhen.
The film was also fairly well received (although distributed less) in the West. Time Out magazine compared Eighteen Springs'''s "retrospective voiceovers" to Wong Kar-wai's, calling it "visually lush and beautifully layered" and likening it to "a lyrical, poignant souvenir". Critics singled out Jacklyn Wu's portrayal of Manzhen for praise. In a comprehensive review, Shelly Kraicer compared Lai's performance to Wu's and found him wanting:
He praised Wu:
Other reviews of Eighteen Springs focused on Hui's extensive use of voiceovers.
AwardsEighteen Springs'' won Anita Mui a Best Supporting Actress award at the 17th Hong Kong Film Awards. It was nominated in six other categories:
Best Actress (Jacklyn Wu)
Best Cinematography (Lee Ping-Bin)
Best Art Direction (Tsui Fung-Nyn, Wong Yan-Kwai)
Best Costume Design (Miu Gwan-Git)
Best Original Score (Yip Siu-Gong)
Best Original Song ("Eighteen Springs", performed by Leon Lai)
Wu received the Best Actress award at the fourth annual Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards for her role in the film.
Notes
External links
Eighteen Springs at the Chinese Movie Database
Full review of Eighteen Springs by Shelley Kraicer
1997 films
1990s Mandarin-language films
Films directed by Ann Hui
Films set in Shanghai
Films based on Chinese novels
Films based on works by Eileen Chang
Chinese romantic drama films
Films about rape
Max Leon Stibbe (11 June 1898 – 20 August 1973) was a Dutch anthroposophist and educationist.
Stibbe was born in Padang, Dutch East Indies, the oldest child of David Stibbe, Colonial History Professor and Inspector of Labour, and Marie Knoch. In 1913 he moved from the East Indies to the Netherlands for further education. He studied law, but after working for a year at a law office switched his career to education. In 1923 he became co-founder and teacher at the first Dutch Waldorf school, 'De Vrije School' at The Hague. Because of his Jewish heritage, he left Europe in 1939 for Batavia, where he started an educational consultancy and soon after the Japanese occupation was interned in a camp. From 1947 he worked again in the Netherlands in education. As an active anthroposophist, he wrote a number of books, including Seven Soul Types, The Physiognomy of Europe and Kasper Hauser, as well as essays on pedagogical topics.
In the 1960s he traveled the world, and after a few years in Brasil he settled in South Africa. There he established the Fountain Waldorf School in Pretoria, South Africa in 1972. He died, aged 75, in Pretoria South Africa. After his death, the school was renamed the Max Stibbe School in his honour.
References
External links
Max Stibbe Waldorf School
Colonialism and Waldorf Education in Holland
Seven Soul Types
Kaspar Hauser
Waldorf in South Africa
Lingering colonial racism at some Dutch Waldorf schools: Waldorf Answers
1898 births
1973 deaths
Anthroposophists
Dutch educators
South African educational theorists
People from Padang
Herménégilde Boulay (March 20, 1861 – May 18, 1942) was a Canadian politician, farmer, manufacturer, merchant and trader. He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Member of the historical Conservative Party in 1911 to represent the riding of Rimouski. He was defeated in the election of 1908, 1917, 1921 and 1930. The elections of 1917 and 1921 he contested in Matane.
Born in St. Donat, Canada West, Boulay served as mayor of Sayabec, Quebec, before entering federal politics.
External links
1861 births
1942 deaths
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Unionist Party (Canada) MPs
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell is a seven-part British historical fantasy TV miniseries adapted by Peter Harness from Susanna Clarke's best-selling 2004 novel of the same name. It premiered on BBC One on 17 May 2015 and ended on 28 June 2015. It was nominated for four BAFTA awards and recognised by the British Film Institute as one of the top ten most important television programmes of 2015.
Plot
Set in England during the Napoleonic Wars at the beginning of the 19th century, the series presents an alternative history where magic is widely acknowledged, but rarely practised. Living in the rural north, Mr Norrell (Eddie Marsan) of Hurtfew Abbey is able to make the statues of York Minster talk and move. His manservant John Childermass (Enzo Cilenti) persuades him to travel to London to help in the war against France.
While there, Mr Norrell encounters a leading member of the government and makes magic respectable in the realm when he conjures a fairy, called the Gentleman (Marc Warren), to bring the minister's fiancée (Alice Englert) back to life. Meanwhile, Jonathan Strange (Bertie Carvel) meets Vinculus (Paul Kaye), a street magician, while attempting to find a respectable profession, as demanded by his love Arabella (Charlotte Riley). Strange is told by Vinculus that he is destined to be a great magician and so he begins to study magic.
Cast
Bertie Carvel as Jonathan Strange
Eddie Marsan as Gilbert Norrell
Marc Warren as The Gentleman
Charlotte Riley as Arabella Strange
Alice Englert as Lady Emma Pole
Samuel West as Sir Walter Pole
Enzo Cilenti as John Childermass
Paul Kaye as Vinculus
Edward Hogg as John Segundus
Ariyon Bakare as Stephen Black
Vincent Franklin as Christopher Drawlight
John Heffernan as Henry Lascelles
Brian Pettifer as Mr Honeyfoot
Robbie O'Neill as Lucas
Richard Durden as Lord Liverpool
Freddie Hogan as Davey
Claudia Jessie as Mary
Ronan Vibert as Lord Wellington
Steve Jackson as Jeremy Johns
Jamie Parker as Grant
Phoebe Nicholls as Mrs Wintertowne
Clive Mantle as Dr Greysteel
Lucinda Dryzek as Flora Greysteel
Niall Greig Fulton as The Raven King
Episodes
Production
Development
On 30 November 2012, the BBC announced that an adaptation of Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell had been commissioned for BBC One. The production was officially greenlit as a seven-hour miniseries in April 2013, with a projected 2014 premiere date. BBC America noted that it would broadcast the miniseries during its "Supernatural Saturday" science fiction and fantasy programming block.
Adapted by Harness and directed by Toby Haynes, the series was produced by Nick Hirschkorn, with executive producers Nick Marston, Tally Garner, Dixie Linder, Justin Thomson-Glover, Patrick Irwin and Matthew Read. Co-production credits are shared by Cuba Pictures and BBC America, Feel Films, Far Moor, Screen Yorkshire and Space.
Co-Production Countries were Canada (20.42%) United Kingdom (79.58%) and shot in Canada, the UK, and Croatia.
Casting
The BBC announced the casting of Carvel and Marsan in the title roles in October 2013, as well as Warren as The Gentleman, Riley as Arabella, West and Englert as Sir Walter and Lady Pole, Cilenti as Childermass and Kaye as Vinculus. A read-through of the script took place on 23 October 2013. Filming began on 28 October 2013 in Yorkshire, Canada and Croatia. Author Clarke visited the set in November 2013.
Broadcast
The series premiered in the UK on 17 May 2015. It later debuted in the US on BBC America on 13 June 2015, in Canada on The Movie Network and Movie Central on 3 July 2015, and in Australia on BBC First on 6 August 2015.
Reception
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell was positively received by critics. It holds an overall 91% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a critics' rating of 71/100 on Metacritic. It was selected for preservation in the BFI National Archive as one of the ten best TV programmes of 2015, as well as being nominated for four BAFTA Awards and seven RTS Yorkshire awards.
Evan Ferguson of The Observer wrote that you could describe it as "Harry Potter for adults" but that it was "far snakier and more thrilling" and likened it more to Peter Shaffer's Amadeus: "It's in the Sunday-night slot lately reserved for Poldark. And it's 10 times better." Nick Horton was even more enthusiastic in his Den of Geek review: "What are some of the best British dramas of recent years? Here's just a few. Wolf Hall, Utopia, Peaky Blinders, Broadchurch, Happy Valley, Luther, Doctor Who and In The Flesh. It's been said to death but remains the case: we truly are in a golden age of original British drama. But now you might just have to make room for a new favourite. I don't think it's hyperbolic to say that Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell is the finest new drama that's been on our screens this decade. In fact, if the first two episodes are anything to go by, it could go down as one of the best this century."While Louisa Mellor added that Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell "has that rare power to engulf" making it:"...ideal for swallowing in a single gulp. Watched back-to-back, its chapters coalesce into one marvellous, unbroken tale. It's a bedtime story with tremendous scope; one that will transport you from Yorkshire to London to a Belgian battlefield to Venice, the other realm of Faerie and beyond."David Wiegand of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote that viewers would be "dazzled" by the series, calling the special effects "exquisitely executed" and noting that "Every performance is a winner, from Marsan's mousey Norrell, to Carvel's brash Jonathan, to Englert's increasingly mad and self-destructive Lady Pole." Emmet Asher-Perrin praised the overall series at Tor.com but noted, "the ending of this series was altogether abrupt and unsatisfying for my tastes". Mike Hale of The New York Times called it "a largely unremarkable mini-series", adding: George R. R. Martin wrote in his Livejournal about popular novels and their adaptations: "I saw the BBC production of Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell before I finally got around to reading Susanna Clarke's novel. In both cases, I loved the book and I loved the adaptation. It does not need to be one or the other. You might prefer one over the other, but you can still enjoy the hell out of both."
References
External links
2010s British drama television series
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
2010s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Films with screenplays by Peter Harness
Television shows based on British novels
Television series set in the 1800s
Television series set in the 1810s
Television shows set in the United Kingdom
Cultural depictions of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington
British fantasy television series
BBC television miniseries
Television episodes directed by Toby Haynes
Below are the squads for the 2019 Merlion Cup, which takes place between 7 to 9 June 2019.
Teams
Singapore
Indonesia
Head coach: Indra Sjafri
Philippines
Head coach: Anto Gonzales
Thailand
Head coach: Alexandre Gama
References
Merlion Cup, 2019
This is a list of High Sheriffs of Carmarthenshire. Carmarthenshire was originally created by the Statute of Rhuddlan in 1284. It became an administrative county in 1889 with a county council following the Local Government Act 1888. Under the Local Government Act 1972, the administrative county of Carmarthenshire was abolished on 1 April 1974 and the area of Carmarthenshire became three districts within the new county of Dyfed : Carmarthen, Dinefwr and Llanelli. Under the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994, Dyfed was abolished on 1 April 1996 and the three districts united to form a unitary authority which had the same boundaries as the original Carmarthenshire but remaining in the shrievalty of Dyfed.
List of Sheriffs
1424-1426: Sir John Skydemore of Kentchurch, Herefs.
1432-1435: Griffith Dwnn, of Mudlescwm, Kidwelly (father of Sir John, below)
1436: Sir Gruffudd ap Nicolas
1438: Sir Edward Stradling
1463: Sir John Dwn of Kidwelly
16th century
17th century
18th century
19th century
20th century
References
Carmarthenshire
Carmarthenshire
Abdolabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād; also known as Abdollāhābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 403, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Deo Gracia Ngokaba (born 17 May 1997) is a Congolese judoka.
He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's +100 kg, where he was eliminated by Roy Meyer in the second round.
References
1997 births
Living people
Republic of the Congo male judoka
Olympic judoka of the Republic of the Congo
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African Games bronze medalists for the Republic of the Congo
African Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Amaurosis congenita, cone-rod type, with congenital hypertrichosis is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by ocular anomalies and trichomegaly. It is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. Only 2 cases have been described in medical literature.
Signs and symptoms
This is a list of the symptoms that this condition causes:
Cone-rod type amaurosis congenita
Severe corneal dystrophy
Vision impairment
Severe photophobia which isn't associated to nyctalopia
Thick eyebrows
Synophrys
Hypertrichosis
Hypermetropia
Hirsutism
Etimology
It has been described in 2 cousins born to consanguineous parents, both of them had the same symptoms.
References
Diseases and disorders
Genetic diseases and disorders
Medical genetics
Augusto Santos is a Filipino career government official who served as acting Director-General of the National Economic and Development Authority from 2005 to 2006, 2007–2008 and 2009–2010. He was educated at the University of the Philippines.
References
Living people
Filipino academics
University of the Philippines alumni
People from Manila
Filipino economists
Directors-General of the National Economic and Development Authority of the Philippines
Arroyo administration cabinet members
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
Guadalupe, Spain may mean:
Guadalupe (Spain), a river
Guadalupe, Cáceres, a municipality in Extremadura
Santa María de Guadalupe, a monastery in Guadalupe, Extremadura, Spain
Guadalupe, Murcia, a village in the municipality and region of Murcia
The 1961 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1961 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 70th overall and 28th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his 11th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of six wins and four losses (6–4 overall, 3–4 in the SEC).
Schedule
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Julius Friedrich Antonio Schrader (16 June 1815 in Berlin – 16 February 1900 in Groß-Lichterfelde) was a German painter, associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Biography
He studied at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin, then spent five years at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, where he became a student of Schadow. He spent two more years in Düsseldorf, and later traveled in Italy (1845–47), England, the Netherlands and Belgium and in the last country fell under the influence of the colorists Louis Gallait and Édouard De Bièfve. In 1851 he became a professor at the Berlin Academy.
Works
Surrender of Calais to Edward III (1847)
Frederick the Great after the Battle of Kolin (1849)
Death of Leonardo da Vinci (1851)
Milton and His Daughters (1855)
Cromwell at the Death-Bed of His Daughter (1859)
In fresco he painted First Twelve Christian Monarchs in the Royal Chapel, and Consecration of the Church of Saint Sophia, Constantinople in the New Museum, Berlin. Among his portraits are those of Alexander von Humboldt and the historian Leopold von Ranke.
References
1815 births
1900 deaths
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German male painters
BQD may refer to:
The Building Quality Department, a Singaporean governmental department
The ISO 639-3 code of the Bung language, bqd
The is a hybrid diesel/battery Bo-Bo wheel arrangement shunting locomotive type operated by Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) in Japan.
Following the delivery and evaluation of a prototype locomotive in March 2010, the first full-production locomotive entered service in February 2012.
Variants
Class HD300-0: Standard type, entering service from February 2012
Class HD300-500: Sub-class designed for operation in cold-climate conditions, delivered from November 2014
Class HD300-900: Prototype locomotive delivered in March 2010
Design
The locomotives use lithium-ion batteries, and are designed to reduce exhaust emissions by at least 30% to 40% and noise levels by at least 10 dB compared with existing Class DE10 diesel locomotives. Tests conducted at Tokyo Freight Terminal in June 2010 demonstrated fuel savings of 36%, NOx emission reductions of 62%, and noise level reductions of 22 dB compared with a class DE10 locomotive. Externally, the locomotives are finished in a bright red livery to aid visibility, with yellow and black diagonal warning stripes at the ends.
The first full-production locomotive, HD300-1, delivered in January 2012, while broadly identical to the prototype HD300-901 locomotive, incorporates a few minor improvements, including changes to the headlamps, a wider front-end warning panel to reduce snow build-up on the steps, and larger windows in the driving cab doors to improve visibility.
History
The prototype locomotive, HD300-901, was delivered from the Toshiba factory in Fuchū, Tokyo to Tokyo Freight Terminal on 30 March 2010 for approximately six months of trials before being moved to Matsumoto in Nagano Prefecture later in the year to assess performance at higher altitudes. The locomotive was moved to Sapporo Freight Terminal in Hokkaido in January 2011 to assess battery performance and adhesion in cold winter conditions.
The prototype locomotive entered revenue service from 11 July 2011, on shunting operations at Tokyo Freight Terminal.
The first full-production locomotive (numbered HD300-1) was delivered from the Toshiba factory in Fuchū, Tokyo, in January 2012, and entered service at Tokyo Freight Terminal from 8 February.
In May 2012, the Class HD300-900 prototype was awarded the 2012 Laurel Prize, presented annually by the Japan Railfan Club. A formal presentation ceremony was held at Tokyo Freight Terminal on 18 November 2012.
In November 2014, the first Class HD300-500 locomotive, HD300-501, designed for operations in cold-climate areas, was delivered to Naebo Depot in Hokkaido.
Fleet list
, 29 Class HD300 locomotives are in service.
Classification
The HD300 classification for this locomotive type is explained below. As with previous locomotive designs, the prototype is numbered HD300-901, with subsequent production locomotives numbered from HD300-1 onward.
H - hybrid locomotive
D - four driving axles
300 - synchronous motors
Further reading
References
External links
JR Freight press release announcing development in September 2008
Official press release from Toshiba (25 March 2010)
JR Freight HD300 (Japan Railfan Magazine)
Diesel locomotives of Japan
HD300
Bo-Bo locomotives
1067 mm gauge locomotives of Japan
Railway locomotives introduced in 2010
Hybrid locomotives
Toshiba locomotives
The following is a table of all Hindi songs recorded by Runa Laila till date:
Film songs
Album songs
References
Laila, Runa
The 1951 Australian Grand Prix was a Formula Libre motor race held at a street circuit in Narrogin, Western Australia on 5 March 1951. The race was held over 24 laps of the circuit for a race distance of .
It was the sixteenth Australian Grand Prix and the last to feature a handicap start which saw the slower cars starting ahead of the faster cars according to handicap allowance. The first car over the line was the MG TC special of South Australian Steve Tillett. The Australian Grand Prix title was however to be awarded to the driver setting the fastest outright time, regardless of handicap. The scratch race was won by Warwick Pratley driving a George Reed built Flathead Ford V8 powered racing car. It would be the last Australian Grand Prix victory by an Australian built car until Frank Matich won the 1971 race at the wheel of a Matich A50. Pratley started the race ten minutes and thirty seconds behind the first car to start the race, the Morgan of Colin Uphill. Pratley won the race by 96 seconds over the Delahaye of Dick Bland. Both Tillett and Pratley were awarded Commonwealth Jubilee Trophies for their victories in what was effectively two races in one.
Classification
Results as follows.
Notes
Fastest lap: John Crouch (Cooper Mk.IV JAP 1100), 3:51s, 68.57 mph, 110.33 km/h
References
Further reading
Narrogin Observer 9 March 1951, p. 1
Holland, Keren. (2001) History repeats. Original participants revisit Narrogin and celebrate the 50th anniversary of the 1951 Grand Prix .Narrogin observer, 28 Nov. 2001, p. 1, 14–16
Grand Prix
Australian Grand Prix
Australian Grand Prix
Taylor Buttresses () is an oval shaped, whale-back shaped hill with its smooth contours broken at the northern end by three rock buttresses which are conspicuous from the north, located near the heads of Riley Glacier and Chapman Glacier in western Palmer Land. Named by UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Brian J. Taylor, British Antarctic Survey (BAS) geologist at Fossil Bluff station, 1961–63.
Hills of Palmer Land
Dermatan-sulfate epimerase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the DSE gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is an epimerase required for biosynthesis of dermatan sulfate and a tumor-rejection antigen. This antigen possesses tumor epitopes capable of inducing HLA-A24-restricted and tumor-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes in cancer patients and may be useful for specific immunotherapy. This gene product is localized to the endoplasmic reticulum. Two transcript variants encoding the same protein have been found for this gene.
Clinical significance
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome Musculocontractural type is associated with mutations in the DSE gene.
References
Further reading
The 2009 Magny-Cours Superbike World Championship round was the thirteenth round of the 2009 Superbike World Championship season. It took place on the weekend of October 2–4, 2009 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours.
Results
Superbike race 1 classification
Superbike race 2 classification
Supersport race classification
The Supersport race was red-flagged during the 20th lap, due to an accident occurred to Michele Pirro. The classification was based on the standings after 19 laps.
References
Superbike Race 1
Superbike Race 2
Supersport Race
Magny-Cours Round
Magny-Cours
Adventures in Paradise may refer to:
Adventures in Paradise (TV series)
"Adventures in Paradise", aka "Theme from Adventures in Paradise", composed by Lionel Newman, recorded by many inc. Arthur Lyman, Santo & Johnny, Rob E. G., and (words by Dorcas Cochran) Bing Crosby
Adventures in Paradise, EP by Robie Porter, credited as "Rob E. G."; title track also released on single, B-side of "Tim-buc-too"
"Adventures in Paradise" (Frasier), two-part episode
Adventures in Paradise (Minnie Riperton album)
"Adventures in Paradise" (Minnie Riperton song), song from Adventures in Paradise
Adventures in Paradise (Christopher Williams album)
"Adventures in Paradise", song by Ace of Base on Flowers (Ace of Base album) and Cruel Summer (Ace of Base album)
"Adventures in Paradise", score heard in Pokémon: The First Movie
See also
Adventure in Paradise, Hong Kong film
Agetocera is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 25 described species in Agetocera. They are found in Indomalaya and the Palaearctic, especially in China.
Species
These 28 species belong to the genus Agetocera:
Agetocera abdominalis Jiang, 1992 (China)
Agetocera biclava Zhang & Yang, 2005 (China)
Agetocera birmanica Jacoby, 1891 (Burma)
Agetocera carinicornis Chen, 1964 (China)
Agetocera chapana Laboissiere, 1929 (China, Vietnam, Burma)
Agetocera choui Lee, Bezdek & Staines, 2010 (Taiwan)
Agetocera cyanipennis Yang, 2001 (China)
Agetocera deformicornis Laboissiere, 1927 (China, Vietnam)
Agetocera discedens Weise, 1922 (Tiawan)
Agetocera duporti Laboissiere, 1927 (Vietnam)
Agetocera femoralis Chen, 1942 (China)
Agetocera filicornis Laboissiere, 1927 (China, Vietnam)
Agetocera flaviventris Jacoby, 1879 (India, Burma)
Agetocera hopei Baly, 1865 (China, Indomalaya)
Agetocera huatungensis Lee, Bezdek & Staines, 2010 (Taiwan)
Agetocera lobicornis Baly, 1865 (India, Burma)
Agetocera manipuria Maulik, 1932
Agetocera mirabilis (Hope, 1831) (China, Indomalaya)
Agetocera nigripennis Laboissiere, 1927 (China, Vietnam)
Agetocera orientalis Weise, 1902 (Vietnam)
Agetocera parva Chen, 1964 (China)
Agetocera silva Bezděk, 2009
Agetocera similis Chen, 1997 (China)
Agetocera sokolovi Medvedev, 1981 (Vietnam)
Agetocera taiwana Chujo, 1962 (Taiwan)
Agetocera yuae Lee, Bezdek & Staines, 2010 (Taiwan)
Agetocera yunnana Chen, 1964 (China)
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by Frederick William Hope
Orthonevra sonorensis, the Sonoran mucksucker, is a rare species of syrphid fly. It has been observed in New Mexico and Arizona. Hoverflies get their names from the ability to remain nearly motionless while in flight. The adults are also known as flower flies for they are commonly found around and on flowers from which they get both enegy-giving nectar and protein rich pollen. Larvae for this genus are of the rat-tailed type. O. sonorensis larvae have not been described.
References
Insects described in 1964
Eristalinae
The Brazilian National Council of Energy Policy (CNPE, ) was created by the law no. 9.478/1997, also known as Petroleum Law. The council is the governmental organization of Brazil responsible for advising the Presidency of the Republic and has the objective of elaborating policies for the electric sector of the country.
CNPE is formed by state government representatives, experts in energy, non-governmental organizations and seven ministers.
References
Energy in Brazil
Executive branch of Brazil
Energy policy
District 57 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Gilliam, Morrow, and Sherman counties and portions of Umatilla and Wasco counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Greg Smith of Heppner.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Gilliam County, Oregon
Morrow County, Oregon
Sherman County, Oregon
Umatilla County, Oregon
Wasco County, Oregon
Mossoró is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Municipalities
The microregion consists of the following municipalities:
Areia Branca
Baraúna
Grossos
Mossoró
Serra do Mel
Tibau
References
Microregions of Rio Grande do Norte
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1614.
Events
January–June – In the first six months of the year, no London theatres operate on the South Bank of the Thames, causing a severe decline in demand for the watermen's taxi service. The watermen respond by proposing to limit the locations of the theaters around London, much to the actors' displeasure. John Taylor the Water Poet describes the controversy in his The True Cause of the Watermen's Suit Concerning Players.
January 25 – The Lady Elizabeth's Men perform the formerly controversial Eastward Ho at Court.
April – Sir Francis Bacon's dual role as Member of Parliament and Attorney General is objected to by the Parliament of England.
May 24 – Lope de Vega becomes a priest.
June 30 – Rebuilding of the Globe Theatre is complete.
August 15 – Pietro Della Valle lands in Constantinople, after leaving Venice to begin his travels.
October 31 – The first performance of Ben Jonson's Bartholomew Fair is given at Philip Henslowe's newly opened Hope Theatre in London.
November 1 – The Lady Elizabeth's Men perform Bartholomew Fair at Court, the day after its première.
unknown dates
Luís de Sousa becomes a Dominican friar.
Izaak Walton moves from Chancery Lane to Fleet Street, London, where he opens a shop.
John Webster's tragedy The Duchess of Malfi is first performed publicly, at the Globe Theatre, London.
Madeleine de Souvré marries the marquis de Sablé.
New books
Prose
Johannes Althusius –
Johannes Valentinus Andreae – (at Kassel)
Christoph Besold – Signatura temporum
New edition of the King James Version of the Bible (in an easily read Roman typeface)
"Alonso Fernández de Avellaneda" – Second Part of Don Quixote (spurious)
Alonso Jerónimo de Salas Barbadillo –
Lope de Vega –
Heinrich Doergangk –
Michael Maier –
Samuel Purchas – Purchas, his Pilgrimage; or, Relations of the World and the Religions observed in all Ages
Drama
Anonymous – The Masque of Flowers
Samuel Daniel – Hymen's Triumph
Lope de Vega
Fuenteovejuna (approximate date)
John Fletcher and William Shakespeare – The Two Noble Kinsmen
Ben Jonson – Bartholomew Fair, first performance on 31 October
Johannes Messenius – Blanckamäreta
Anthony Munday – Himatia-Poleos
Robert Tailor – The Hog Hath Lost His Pearl published
Poetry
William Browne – The Shepherd's Pipe
Miguel de Cervantes –
Lope de Vega –
Births
October 12 – Henry More, English philosopher (died 1687)
Unknown date – Hallgrímur Pétursson, Icelandic poet (died 1674)
Probable year of birth – John Lilburne, English political writer and Leveller (died 1657)
Deaths
January 2 – Luisa Carvajal y Mendoza, Spanish poet and author (born 1556)
March 29 – Joshua Falk, Polish Hebrew scholar (born 1555)
April 3 – John Spenser, English classicist and cleric (born 1559)
June 17 – William Bathe, Irish writer and priest (born 1564)
July 1 – Isaac Casaubon, Genevan classicist and church historian (born 1559)
July 15 – Pierre de Bourdeille, seigneur de Brantôme, French historian and biographer (born c. 1540)
Unknown dates
Simon Grahame, Scottish miscellanist (born 1570)
Cristóbal de Virués, Spanish dramatist and poet (born 1550)
See also
English Renaissance theatre
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Kartalpınar is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Peter Burling may refer to:
Peter Burling (politician) (born 1945), American politician
Peter Burling (sailor) (born 1991), New Zealand sailor
Chehel Qez va Siah Darreh (, also Romanized as Chehel Qez va Sīāh Darreh; also known as Sīāh Darreh and Chehel Qez) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 875, in 201 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Mark Atkinson may refer to:
Mark N. Atkinson (born 1969), Tasmanian cricketer
Mark P. Atkinson (born 1970), Western Australian cricketer
Mark Atkinson (footballer) (born 1970), New Zealand footballer
Mark Atkinson (scientist) (born 1961), American scientist
Mark Atkinson (rugby union) (born 1990), English rugby union player
The 2003 AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour. The tournament ran from September 29 through October 5, 2003. Rainer Schüttler and Maria Sharapova won the singles title.
Finals
Men's singles
Rainer Schüttler defeated Sébastien Grosjean 7–6(7–5), 6–2
It was Schüttler's 1st title of the year and the 4th of his career.
Women's singles
Maria Sharapova defeated Anikó Kapros 2–6, 6–2, 7–6(7–5)
It was the 1st title of Sharapova's career.
Men's doubles
Justin Gimelstob / Nicolas Kiefer defeated Scott Humphries / Mark Merklein 6–7(6–8), 6–3, 7–6(7–4)
It was Gimelstob's 1st title of the year and the 10th of his career. It was Kiefer's 1st title of the year and the 3rd of his career.
Women's doubles
Maria Sharapova / Tamarine Tanasugarn defeated Ansley Cargill / Ashley Harkleroad 7–6(7–1), 6–0
It was Sharapova's 1st title of the year and the 1st of her career. It was Tanasugarn's 2nd title of the year and the 5th of her career.
References
External links
Official website
ATP tournament profile
AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships
AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships
Japan Open (tennis)
AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships
AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships
AISJapan Open Tennis Championships
Phyllonorycter albanotella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Québec in Canada and Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio, Texas, Maine, Vermont and Connecticut in the United States.
The wingspan is 6–7.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus nigra and Quercus obtusiloba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a rather small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. It is located either at the edge of the leaf or between two veins, the loosened epidermis being thrown into numerous longitudinal wrinkles. The pupa is enclosed in a rather large semi-transparent oval silken cocoon.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
albanotella
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Moths described in 1875
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
C/2003 A2 (Gleason) is a hyperbolic comet from the Oort cloud discovered on January 10, 2002 by Arianna E. Gleason of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory using the Spacewatch II telescope at the Kitt Peak National Observatory. It has a heliocentric semimajor axis of -1641 AU (indicating its hyperbolic orbit) and reached its perihelion of 11.43 AU on November 4, 2003. C/2003 A2 (Gleason) was the first comet discovered with a perihelion beyond 10 AU.
References
20030110
Non-periodic comets
Hyperbolic comets
Oort cloud
Tyler Pounds Regional Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located west of Tyler, in Smith County, Texas, United States.
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 called it a "primary commercial service" airport. Federal Aviation Administration records show 76,168 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 73,841 in 2009, and 74,357 in 2010.
The airport has been expanding to meet goals in the Tyler Master Plan; on August 17, 2002, the airport opened a new terminal building, doubling its space. Tyler is a large center for general aviation, with three public parking lots for general aviation.
History
see: Pounds Army Airfield for its World War II use
The airport opened in November 1929 as Tyler Municipal Airport. During World War II, the airfield was used by the United States Army Air Forces as a training base and renamed Pounds Field after Lieutenant Jack Windham Pounds. At the end of the war, the airfield was turned over to local government for civil use and became Tyler Pounds Regional Airport.
Past airline service
Airline service began in the 1930s. Tyler was listed in Delta Air Lines timetables by 1936 on a Dallas-Atlanta multi-stop route via Shreveport and other stops. In 1952, Delta Douglas DC-3s flew Fort Worth – Dallas – Tyler – Longview – Shreveport – Monroe – Jackson – Meridian – Selma – Montgomery – Columbus – Atlanta as well as Atlanta – Columbus – Montgomery – Meridian – Hattiesburg – New Orleans – Baton Rouge – Alexandria – Shreveport – Tyler – Dallas – Fort Worth. Delta had competition to Dallas Love Field: Trans-Texas Airways DC-3s. Delta left Tyler in 1956.
Trans-Texas Airways (TTa) began serving Tyler in the 1940s; its Douglas DC-3s flew between Dallas Love Field, Beaumont/Port Arthur, and Houston Hobby Airport. In 1952, TTa flew three DC-3s a day to Beaumont/Port Arthur via Lufkin, Palestine, and Nacogdoches, with one flight continuing on to Galveston and Houston. Convair 240 propeller aircraft and then Convair 600 turboprops later took over. In 1966, TTa Convair 240s and DC-3s flew nonstop to Dallas, while Convair 240s flew direct to Houston and New Orleans. By 1968 TTa had begun Convair 600 turboprop flights at Tyler.
Trans-Texas changed its name to Texas International Airlines (TI); in 1970, TI Convair 600s and Beechcraft 99 turboprops flew nonstop to Dallas with direct Convair 600 service to Memphis and New Orleans. Also in 1970, commuter air carrier Air Texas was operating nonstop Beechcraft 99 service between the airport and Austin (AUS), Dallas Love Field (DAL) and Houston Intercontinental Airport (IAH). In 1974, all TI flights at Tyler were being operated with Convair 600 turboprops with three weekday nonstops to Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW), as well as direct service to Houston and Memphis. In 1975, Texas International had competition to Dallas/Fort Worth as commuter air carrier Metroflight Airlines, a subsidiary of Metro Airlines, was operating seven nonstop de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter flights to DFW, while TI had two nonstops with Convair 600s. According to the February 1, 1976 Official Airline Guide, Texas International was operating direct Convair 600 service to Tyler from Austin, Houston (IAH), Midland/Odessa, Shreveport and Wichita Falls. This OAG also lists nineteen weekday Metroflight Twin Otter flights being operated into Tyler, including nine nonstops from Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW), nine nonstops from Longview and one nonstop from Nacogdoches with this latter flight operating direct service from Houston (IAH) and Lufkin.
By 1978, Texas International had pulled out of Tyler.
In 1979, Metroflight Airlines was operating the only flights to Dallas/Fort Worth with nonstop de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter and Short 330 service as well as direct Twin Otters to IAH via Longview and/or Nacogdoches. By 1981, the airline was operating 12 weekday nonstops between Tyler and Dallas/Fort Worth with Short 330s and Twin Otters. Metroflight became an American Eagle carrier operating code sharing flights for American Airlines, and in 1985 was continuing to operate Twin Otter service between Tyler and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. In 1985 Air Spirit, a commuter airline, flew Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante turboprops nonstop to Austin as part of a Texarkana – Tyler – Austin route.
In 1989, competition had resumed on the Tyler-Dallas/Fort Worth route: American Eagle Saab 340s and Delta Connection Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirantes (operated by Atlantic Southeast Airlines (ASA) on behalf of Delta Air Lines). The Official Airline Guide lists fourteen weekday flights between Tyler and DFW. By 1991 Delta Connection (ASA) Embraer EMB-120 Brasilias and EMB-110 Bandeirantes were flying to DFW.
In 1995, Continental Express was flying Embraer EMB-120 Brasilias to IAH with three weekday nonstops via a code-sharing agreement with Continental Airlines. By 1999 Continental Express had replaced this Brasilia service with smaller Beechcraft 1900Ds with four weekday nonstops.
In the mid-1990s, Conquest Airlines, a commuter airline, flew Fairchild Swearingen Metroliners nonstop to both Austin and San Antonio. Dallas Express Airlines, another commuter airline, was flying twin-engined Pipers nonstop from DAL. By 2000, Austin Express, also a commuter airline, had replaced Conquest with nonstop Metroliners to Austin.
Denver, Colorado-based Frontier Airlines also offered flights from Tyler with Airbus A320 mainline jetliner service nonstop to Denver; these flights lasted from July 2019 to April 2020 with the A320 being the largest aircraft ever to operate scheduled passenger airline service from the airport.
Museum
The Historic Aviation Memorial Museum, an aviation museum located at the airport, rented and moved into the former Tyler passenger terminal that had been closed since 2002. The museum has a number of military jet fighters on display among other exhibits, and also flies and maintains two Russian-manufactured MiG-17F jets based at the airport.
Facilities and aircraft
The airport covers at an elevation of . It has three asphalt runways:
For the 12-month period ending July 31, 2011, the airport had 48,677 aircraft operations, average 133 per day: 83% general aviation, 14% air taxi, 2% airline, and 1% military; 152 aircraft were then based at the airport: 60% single-engine, 22% jet, 16% multi-engine, and 2% helicopter.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
American Eagle operates Embraer ERJ-145 regional jets on its nonstop flights to DFW.
Destinations map
Accidents and incidents
July 13, 2017: Piper PA-31T Cheyenne owned by T-210 HOLDINGS LLC: The aircraft went down as it was leaving the airport, headed to Midland Airpark. It crashed a quarter-mile south of the airport, with two fatalities.
References
External links
Historic Aviation Memorial Museum, official website
Tyler Pounds Regional (TYR) at Texas DOT airport directory
Aerial image as of January 1996 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Texas
Transportation in Smith County, Texas
Buildings and structures in Smith County, Texas
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Texas
Sonnet 114 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It is a member of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses his love towards a young man.
Synopsis
Is the poet's mind flattered, like a king, by the youth's presence, or is it simply a truth that is being told by his eyes that ugly things are made beautiful by the mental image of the youth? Surely it must be flattery, that he consumes like a king. He knows he enjoys it even if it's poisonous. Even if it is, it's less of a sin because his eye is motivated by love.
Structure
Sonnet 114 is an English or Shakespearean sonnet. The English sonnet has three quatrains, followed by a final rhyming couplet. It follows the typical rhyme scheme of the form ABAB CDCD EFEF GG and is composed in iambic pentameter, a type of poetic metre based on five pairs of metrically weak/strong syllabic positions. The 7th line exemplifies a regular iambic pentameter:
×/ × / × / × / × /
Creating every bad a perfect best, (114.7)
Lines 6, 8, 9, and 11 have a final extrametrical syllable or feminine ending:
× / × / × × / / × / (×)
Such cherubins as your sweet self resemble, (114.6)
/ = ictus, a metrically strong syllabic position. × = nonictus. (×) = extrametrical syllable.
Line 6 exhibits another metrical variation, the rightward movement of the third ictus (resulting in a four-position figure, × × / /, sometimes referred to as a minor ionic). Minor ionics may potentially be found in lines 5 and 10. Another metrical variation, a mid-line reversal, is found in line 4:
× / × / / × × / × /
And that your love taught it this alchemy, (114.4)
An initial reversal is potentially present in line 2.
The meter demands a few variant pronunciations: Line 1's "being" functions as one syllable, and line 9's "flattery" as two.
Notes
References
British poems
Sonnets by William Shakespeare
Protohadros (meaning "first hadrosaur") is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian stage).
Gary Byrd, a part-time palaeontologist, discovered some remains of this euornithopod (ribs and an ungual) during early 1994 at Flower Mound, Denton County, north-central Texas. He informed professional palaeontologist Yuong-Nam Lee of the find, who arranged for the entire preserved fossil to be excavated. It was first reported upon in 1996 by Jason Head of the Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences, Southern Methodist University. The type species Protohadros byrdi was described and named by Head in 1998. The genus name is derived from Greek πρῶτος, protos, "first", en ἁδρός, hadros, "thick", a reference to the fact that Head considered the species the oldest known hadrosaur. The specific name honours Byrd.
The holotype, specimen SMU 74582, of Protohadros, was found in the Woodbine Formation, which dates to the middle Cenomanian. It consists of a partial skull, pieces of ribs, a hand ungual and a neural arch. In 1997 Lee named possible tracks of Protohadros as the ichnospecies Caririchnium protohadrosaurichnos.
Due to the paucity of the remains much of the reconstruction of this dinosaur is speculative. The skull is about seventy centimetres long. From this Head estimated the length of the type specimen of Protohadros at seven to eight metres. He pointed out that this specimen was that of a subadult and that fully-grown individuals could have been longer. Protohadros had a massive, very deep set of lower jaws, and the snout was strongly turned down at the front, which according to Head suggested a habit of grazing on low-growing plants, rather than browsing from bushes or overhanging branches. Its diet would then have consisted of the swamp plants which grew in the delta streams in its habitat, scooped up by the broad, down-turned mouth. In some respects Protohadros was intermediate in morphology to more derived hadrosaurids. Like these it did have pleurokinesis, a cranial joint system that produced the food-grinding action, but only partially in that the quadrate at the back of the skull was still relatively immobile.
Protohadros rear legs were probably longer than the front pair, and it could move on all fours or walk and run on its hind legs only.
Protohadros was first described as the most basal member of the Hadrosauridae, hence its generic name. However, scientific opinion has since changed and it is now regarded as a non-hadrosaurid iguanodontian, a basal member of the Hadrosauroidea, though one closely related to the Hadrosauridae. The dinosaur's discovery conflicted with the idea that hadrosaurids evolved in Asia, but its reassessment as a less-derived iguanodontian has rendered this discrepancy less problematic.
References
External links
Protohadros in the Dino Directory
Iguanodonts
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Fossil taxa described in 1998
Paleontology in Texas
The Michigan State Spartans softball team represents Michigan State University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big Ten Conference. The Spartans are currently led by head coach Sharonda McDonald-Kelley. The team plays its home games at Secchia Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
AIAW Women's College World Series National Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards
Big Ten Coach of the Year
Gloria Becksford, 1986
Jacquie Joseph, 2003
References
1972 establishments in Michigan
Sport clubs established in 1972
The 2013–14 CEV Challenge Cup was the 34th edition of the European Challenge Cup volleyball club tournament, the former CEV Cup.
Turkish club Fenerbahçe Grundig beat Italian Andreoli Latina in the final and achieved their first CEV Challenge Cup trophy. Serbian opposite Ivan Miljković was the Most Valuable Player of the final tournament.
Participating teams
Qualification phase
1st Round
1st leg 19–20 October 2013
2nd leg 26–27 October 2013
|}
2nd Round
1st leg 5–7 November 2013
2nd leg 26–28 November 2013
|}
Main phase
16th Finals
1st leg 10–12 December 2013
2nd leg 17–19 December 2013
|}
8th Finals
1st leg 14–15 January 2014
2nd leg 21–23 January 2014
|}
4th Finals
1st leg 4– 5 February 2014
2nd leg 12–13 February 2014
|}
Final phase
Semi-Finals
|}
First leg
|}
Second leg
|}
Final
First leg
|}
Second leg
|}
Final standing
References
External links
Official site
CEV Challenge Cup
2013 in volleyball
2014 in volleyball
Eury is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jacob Eury (1765–1848), French luthier and bow maker
Michael Eury (born 1957), American comic book editor and writer
Tony Eury Jr. (born 1973), NASCAR crew chief
See also
Eudy
2009 Thespa Kusatsu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Thespa Kusatsu
Thespakusatsu Gunma seasons
The Ministry of Justice & Attorney General's Office of Ghana oversees legal matters that pertain to the State's executive power and drafts any legislation accordingly. The Attorney General is responsible for any civil cases and acts as the defendant on behalf of Ghana. The Ministry of Justice was founded in 1951 as a result of the recommendations made by the Lidbury Commission whereas the position of Attorney General originated in 1877.
The Attorney General is responsible for the Ministry of Justice.
History
The Ministry of Justice was created in 1951 after the Lidbury Commission was established to come up with recommendations upon reviewing the Gold Coast Civil Service. The commission established that the establishment of ministries by the then newly established Gold Coast government, headed by Kwame Nkrumah (then Prime Minister and Head of Government Business), was to be modelled under the British Home Office. A Ministry of Justice was then created and headed by P. F. Branigan, an English expatriate. The ministry was to incorporate the duties of the Attorney General as it oversaw the Attorney General department. The ministry later became the Ministry of Justice and Attorney General. In 1954 when the first all African government was formed in the Gold Coast, the Ministry of Justice did not exist. It was merged with the Ministry of Interior, and the name of the ministry was; Ministry of Interior.
In 1956, when a new government was formed following the re-election of Kwame Nkrumah as Prime Minister, the Ministry of Interior became the Ministry of Interior and Justice, and the Ministry was headed by Ebenezer Ako-Adjei, who became the first Ghanaian responsible for the ministry after Ghana gained its independence in March 1957. Following Ghana's independence in 1957, the Ministry of Interior and Justice was split to form the Ministry of Justice (becoming a ministry on its own) and the Ministry Interior. This time, the Ministry of Justice did not oversee the Attorney General department as a Ministry for the Attorney General had been created on 7 August 1957 and headed by Geoffrey Bing. Ako-Adjei then became the first Minister of Justice for Ghana from 1957 to 1958. The Ministry was responsible for the functions of the Land Boundaries Settlement Commission, financial and ministerial matters with relation to the Supreme Court, local court and Customary Law, and foreign processes. In 1958, the ministry was merged with the Ministry of Local Government and Kofi Asante Ofori-Atta was put at the helm of its affairs. The Ministry was later split in September 1961 to become its own Ministry when the Ministry of Local Government was merged with the Ministry of Interior and headed by Kwaku Boateng. Ofori-Atta remained Minister for Justice from 1961 until 1965 when he was appointed Speaker of Parliament. The Ministry of Justice was then merged with the ministry for the Attorney General. The portfolio of the Attorney General consequently became; the Minister of Justice and Attorney General. The Ministry was headed by the then Attorney General; B. E. Kwaw-Swanzy. From then onwards to date, the Ministry of the Attorney General has been incorporated with the Ministry of Justice.
List of ministers
See Attorney General of Ghana
See also
Attorney General of Ghana
Justice ministry
Politics of Ghana
References
Justice ministries
Ministries and Agencies of State of Ghana
Attorneys General of Ghana
Justice ministers of Ghana
1954 establishments in Gold Coast (British colony)
Kenya National Archives and Documentation Services (KNADS) is situated at the edge of the central business district in downtown Nairobi along Moi Avenue next to Ambassadeur Hotel. The archives look out on the landmark Hilton Hotel, while on the rear side is Tom Mboya street. It was established in 1965. It holds 40,000 volumes. It was established by an Act of the Parliament of Kenya in 1965 and was placed under the office of the Vice President and the Minister of Home Affairs. It is currently under the office of the Vice-President and State Department for National Heritage and Culture.
The Kenya National Archives building also houses the Murumbi Gallery which contains African artifacts that were collected in the 19th century.
Murumbi Gallery
The gallery is situated at the ground floor of the Kenya National Archives building and it is named after Joseph Murumbi, who was the second vice president of Kenya. It is currently the largest Pan-African art gallery in Africa and it contains ancient art collections from different regions and communities of Africa. The collected artifacts were acquired by the government of Kenya after a concessionary arrangement was agreed upon with Joseph Murumbi, who had initially turned down several huge offers to buy his collections by overseas bidders.
Directors
List of directors:
Derek Charman (1963-1967)
Nathan Fedha (1967-1975)
Maina Kagombe (1975–1980)
Musila Musembi (1980-2004)
Ichagichu Mwangi (2004-2008)
John M'reria (2008-2014)
Francis Mwangi (2014-to Date)
Kamongo Kamjoro (Unspecified)
See also
List of national archives
References
Bibliography
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20091227200253/http://www.kenyarchives.go.ke/ ()
Kenya National Archives at Google Cultural Institute
Organisations based in Nairobi
National archives
1960s establishments in Kenya
History of Kenya
Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Janus, after Janus, the two-faced God of Roman mythology:
was a 44-gun fifth rate launched in 1778. She was renamed HMS Dromedary later that year, and was wrecked in 1800 on the Parasol Rocks in Trinidad.
was a 32-gun fifth rate, previously the Dutch Argo. She was captured by in 1796, placed on harbour service from 1798 and was sold in 1811.
was a wood paddle sloop launched in 1844 and sold in 1856.
was a wood screw gunboat launched in 1856. She was used as a coal lighter from 1869 and was renamed YC 6. She was sold in 1917.
was a launched in 1895 and reclassified as an destroyer in 1913. She was sold in 1914.
was a J-class destroyer launched in 1938 and sunk in 1944.
Royal Navy ship names
The Korea National Maritime Museum (called 국립해양박물관 in Korean) is a Korean maritime museum and the third largest museum in the Republic of Korea. The museum was inaugurated on July 9, 2012, and is located in Dongsam-dong, Yeongdo-gu, Busan.
The museum exhibits more than 12,000 maritime relics, including the ‘Joseon Missional Ship' which is the largest replica in South Korea - half the size of the actual ship.
Collections
Ship of Joseon Envoy
Globe and celestial globe
Secret of Sea
Johaengilrok
Hamgyeong-do Coastal Map
Juk-do Jechal
See also
Busan
Busan Marine Natural History Museum
References
External links
The Korea National Maritime Museum
Museums established in 2012
Museums in Busan
Maritime museums
National museums of South Korea
Transport museums in South Korea
2012 establishments in South Korea
Eudendrium pennycuikae is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1985
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Houyet. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Houyet
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Houyet
USS Holder (DE-401) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for Lieutenant (junior grade) Randolph Mitchell Holder (a naval aviator who was reported missing during the Battle of Midway), she was the first of two U.S. Naval vessels to bear the name.
History
Holder was launched by Brown Shipbuilding of Houston, Texas, 27 November 1943; sponsored by Annette Holder, mother of Lieutenant (junior grade) Holder; and commissioned 18 January 1944 with Lieutenant Commander G. Cook in command. After completion of her shakedown cruise, Holder departed 24 March escorting a convoy bound for Mediterranean ports. Proceeding along the coast of Algeria the convoy was followed 10 and 11 April by German planes and just before midnight 11 April it was attacked by torpedo bombers. Holder and the other escorts immediately opened fire and began making smoke, but a torpedo struck the escort vessel amidships on the port side, causing two heavy explosions. Though fires spread and flooding was serious, Holders crew remained at their guns to drive off the attackers without damage to the convoy. Alert damage control kept the ship seaworthy and she arrived in tow at Oran for repairs. There it was decided to tow her to New York, where she arrived safely 9 June 1944.
Holder decommissioned at New York Navy Yard 13 September 1944, and was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 23 September 1944. A 95'-long section of the stern portion of Holders hull was used to repair ; the remainder was sold for scrap to John A. Witte, Staten Island, New York on 19 June 1947.
The bell of the ship is on display inside the museum ship USS Slater.
Honors
Holder received one battle star for World War II service.
See also
List of U.S. Navy losses in World War II
References
External links
USS Holder official website
U-Boat Archive U-371
NavSource.org - DE-401
Edsall-class destroyer escorts
World War II frigates and destroyer escorts of the United States
Ships built in Houston
1943 ships
Maritime incidents in April 1944
The Tom Bowl is a fan-supported college football bowl game scheduled to be played annually at Frank A. Schafer Field in Beal City, Michigan. The game is not sanctioned by the NCAA. It annually invites the #1 and #2 teams in the nation to play in a college football championship game. Although the group formally invites college teams every year to play in the bowl, no school has ever accepted an invitation. However, some athletic directors and conference presidents/commissioners have sent response letters, declining while sarcastically telling the group that it was an honor to be invited. Responses have been received from Jim Delany, Jack Swarbrick, and Pat Richter, among others.
The Tom Bowl started in 1989 by a group of fans with invitations extended to the University of Colorado and the University of Miami. Colorado declined the invitation and alternate teams of Middle Tennessee State and Eastern Michigan were invited. From 1990 to 2006, the Tom Bowl annually invited the top two teams unless those teams played each other in another bowl game. In those years the Tom Bowl has elected to have alternative games such as a battle between the #3 and #4 teams to determine the "true #2" or as in 2002, the Big Ten Championship when Iowa and Ohio State didn't play during the regular season.
Following the 2005 season, the Tom Bowl broke with tradition and used a BCS-like formula to invite three teams: USC, Texas, and Penn State to play in Tom Bowl XVII. Predictably, none of the teams showed up (though the Pac-10 replied, apparently accepting the invitation but pledging not to show up on behalf of USC) and only twelve spectators did. The game was declared a 0-0-0 tie.
In 2007, the Tom Bowl devised a new format where the top three teams were invited to play in a round-robin tournament style game with each team playing each other for a half. The Tom Bowl has used this formula ever since, although in 2009 invites were extended to six different teams including Emory University, which boasts of being undefeated since 1836 because they do not have a football team. The Tom Bowl returned to the three team format in 2010.
Tom Bowl Game-by-Game Results
1989 Middle Tennessee St. 0; Eastern Michigan 0*
1990 University of Colorado ?; Notre Dame ?
1991 University of Washington 0; University of Miami 0
1992 Florida St. 0; University of Miami 0
1993 Florida St. 0; West Virginia 0
1994 University of Nebraska 0; Penn St. 0
1995 University of Nebraska 0; Northwestern 0
1996 Arizona State University 0; Florida St. 0
1997 University of Nebraska 0; University of Michigan 0
1998 Kansas State University 0; Ohio State University 0+
1999 University of Nebraska 0; University of Wisconsin 0&
2000 University of Oklahoma 0; University of Miami 0
2001 University of Miami 0; University of Colorado 0
2002 University of Iowa 0; Ohio State 0@
2003 University of Southern California 0; Louisiana State University 0
2004 University of Southern California 0; University of Oklahoma 0; Auburn University 0%
2005 University of Southern California 0; University of Texas 0; Penn State University 0
2006 University of Michigan 0; Ohio State University 0
2007 University of Hawaii 0; University of Kansas 0; Ohio State University 0
2008 University of Florida 0; University of Oklahoma 0; University of Texas 0^
2009 University of Alabama 0; University of Texas 0; University of Cincinnati 0; Texas Christian University 0; Boise State University 0; Emory 0
2010 University of Oregon 0; Auburn University 0; Texas Christian University 0
2011 Louisiana State 0; Oklahoma State 0; University of Oregon 0
2012 Notre Dame 0; Alabama 0; Stanford 0
2013 Florida St. 0; Auburn 0; Michigan State 0
2014 Florida St. 0; Oregon 0; Alabama 0
2015 Alabama 0; Clemson 0; Michigan State 0
2016 Alabama 0; Clemson 0; Washington 0
2017 Oklahoma 0; Clemson 0; Georgia 0
* 1989 contest featured alternates after Colorado declined an invitation to face Miami-FL.
+ 1998 contest featured #3 OSU vs #4 Kansas State due to Fiesta Bowl (#1 Tenn. vs #2 FSU)
& 1999 contest featured #3 Nebraska vs #4 Wisconsin due to Sugar Bowl (#1 FSU vs #2 Virginia Tech)
@ 2002 contest featured the Big 10 championship due to #1 Miami vs #2 OSU. (Iowa and OSU did not play each other during regular season.)
% 2004 Three way contest between three undefeated teams
^ 2007 Undefeated (Hawaii) vs. Once-Defeated (Kansas and Ohio State)
External links
http://www.tombowl.com
http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2004/writers/pete_mcentegart/12/09/ten.spot/index.html
http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1208/is_/ai_n15955997
https://web.archive.org/web/20110523040040/http://www.dispatch.com/live/content/football/stories/2007/12/20/gameplan1220.ART_ART_12-20-07_C2_K58R1MV.html?sid=101
College football bowls
Recurring sporting events established in 1989
The Janaki String Trio was founded at the Colburn School in 2005. The string trio is based in Los Angeles, California. The Janaki quickly rose to prominence with a repertoire displaying a vast range from Beethoven to Penderecki.
In 2006, the Janaki won the Concert Artists Guild International Competition, becoming the first string trio to receive the honor since 1978 .
Members of the Janaki have studied with Kim Kashkashian, Isodore Cohen, Sylvia Rosenberg, and the Guarneri Quartet, the Juilliard String Quartet, the Cleveland Quartet, the Orion String Quartet, and the Takacs Quartet. Currently, the Janaki studies individually and collectively with Robert Lipsett, Paul Coletti, and Ronald Leonard.
Members
Violin
Serena McKinney
Viola
Katie Kadarauch
Violoncello
Arnold Choi
Awards and recognition
Winner, 2006 Concert Artists Guild International Competition
Recipient, 2006 BMI Foundation Commission Prize (awarded through Concert Artists Guild)
Winner, 2005 Annual Coleman Chamber Music Competition
Recordings
Wanhal (Vanhal) Quartets: Uwe Grodd and the Janaki String Trio. Naxos Records (2007)
The Janaki String Trio: Beethoven, Penderecki, and Barabba. Yarlung Records (2006)
String trios
The moroccan census of the population, officially named general census of the population and the habitat (RGPH), is a census taking place every ten years in the kingdom. It is established under the responsibility of the High Commissioner for Planning.
History
In Morocco under French protectorate or Spanish protectorate, counts were made, spreading irregularly from 1921 to 1951.
In 1960 (under Mohammed V), soon after the found independence, was carried out the first demographic census proper of the country. Five others followed, separated by nearly ten years then ten years: in 1971, 1982 and 1994 (under Hassan II), then in 2004 and 2014 (under Mohammed VI); thus, since the 2000s, the national population census, entitled "general census of the population and the habitat" (RGHP), took a "cruising speed" strictly decennial.
See also
2014 Moroccan census
Demographics of Morocco
References
Censuses in Morocco
Census
is a Nankai Electric Railway and Osaka Metro Sakaisuji Line railway station and metro station in Nishinari-ku, Osaka. It is the terminal station of the southern end of the Sakaisuji Line. All trains of the Nankai Main Line and the Kōya Line of Nankai Electric Railway stop at Tengachaya.
This station is situated relatively close to on the Yotsubashi Line, but there are no transfer passageways between the two stations.
Lines
Nankai Electric Railway (NK05)
Nankai Main Line
Kōya Line
Osaka Metro Sakaisuji Line (K20)
Layout
Nankai Railway
The station is elevated and has been the interchange station between the Nankai Line and the Koya Line since March 24, 2001. It has an island platform serving 2 tracks and is between two side platforms serving a track each. The island platform allows for cross-platform interchange from the Koya Line Namba-bound trains to the Nankai Line Wakayamashi-bound and Kansai Airport-bound trains (and vice versa).
Osaka Metro Sakaisuji Line
The station on the Sakaisuji Line is located under the station on Nankai Railway, and was constructed together with the elevation of the Nankai Railway lines. An island platform serving 2 tracks and a side platform serving a track are located on the first basement. The side platform is used as the arrival platform.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Nankai Electric Railway (NK05)
|-
!colspan=5|Osaka Metro
External links
Tengachaya Station from Nankai Electric Railway website
Tengachaya Station from Osaka Metro website
Tengachaya Station from Osaka Metro website
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1885
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1993
Railway stations in Osaka Prefecture
Osaka Metro stations
Here to There is the second studio album by hip hop producer DJ Spinna. It is the eighth installment of BBE Beat Generation series, after releases by Pete Rock, J Dilla, DJ Jazzy Jeff, will.i.am and many others. It was released on February 3, 2003 on BBE Records. The album features appearances by various artists who sang, rapped or played musical instruments.
Track listing
Personnel
DJ Spinna – producer on all tracks, bass on "Alfonso's Thang", vocals on "Drive", scratching on "Galactic Soul", "All Up in It", "Rock (Unplugged)" and "Fly or Burn", tambourine on "Rock (Unplugged)"
Mark de Clive-Lowe – keyboards on "Surely", bass, keyboards and co-producer on "Love Is Sold" and "Music in Me (Come Alive)"
Eric "BLB" Coomes – bass on "Glad You're Mine" and "The Originator"
Godfrey Danchimah – vocals on "The Originator"
Shaun Escoffery – vocals on "Music in Me (Come Alive)"
Neal Evans – Hammond B-3 organ on "All Up in It"
Apani B. Fly – vocals on "Hold"
Jean Grae – vocals on "Hold"
Alfonso Greer – vocals on "Alfonso's Thang"
James Hurt – keyboards on "The Originator"
Angela Johnson – vocals, clavinet and bass on "Glad You're Mine"
Ronny Jordan – guitar on "Surely" and "Music in Me (Come Alive)"
Eric Krasno – guitar on "All Up in It"
Jason Kriveloff – bass on "Rock (Unplugged)"
Jordan McLean – trumpet on "The Originator"
Vinia Mojica – vocals on "Idols"
Ovasoul7 – vocals on "Surely"
Jay Rodriguez – flute, alto saxophone and baritone saxophone on "Rock (Unplugged)"
Selan – ARP string ensemble, bass and synthesizer on "Galactic Soul", keyboards on "Music in Me (Interlude)"
Mark Sherman – vibraphone on "Idols"
Abdul Shyllon – vocals on "Love Is Sold"
Mike T – percussion on "The Originator"
Kaidi Tatham – Moog Prodigy synthesizer on "Love Is Sold"
Mark Tewarson – guitar on "Rock (Unplugged)"
Ticklah – keyboards and co-producer on "Alfonso's Thang", organ and keyboards on "Idols", keyboards on "Surely"
Christian Urich – drums on "Rock (Unplugged)"
References
External links
2003 albums
DJ Spinna albums
Barely Breaking Even albums
The Lake Fork West Owyhee River is a short tributary of the West Little Owyhee River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The river begins near Cat, Bend, and Pedroli springs near the eastern boundary of the Fort McDermitt Indian Reservation in southern Malheur County. It flows generally northeast to meet the larger river in Louse Canyon. The Lake Fork has no named tributaries.
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
References
External links
Owyhee Watershed Council
Rivers of Oregon
Owyhee River
Rivers of Malheur County, Oregon
Amical may refer to:
AMICAL Consortium, an association of American-style universities outside America
Amical Club Marie Galante, a football club in Guadeloupe
Amicale F.C., a football club in Vanuatu
The murder of Charlie Keever and Jonathan Sellers took place on March 27, 1993, in San Diego County, California. The rape and murders were solved via DNA match eight years after their deaths.
The victims
Charles Allen "Charlie" Keever (November 1, 1979 – March 27, 1993) was a 13-year-old boy, the youngest of three children, siblings, Lisa Keever and Michael Keever. Charlie's parents are David Keever and Maria Keever. His father and two grandparents died before Charlie's murderer was discovered.
Jonathan Lee "Jon" Sellers (April 18, 1983 – March 27, 1993) was 9 years old, the fourth of six children, two minutes younger than his twin sister, Jennifer. His older half-brother, Alton Williams II, later became a cast member on The Real World: Las Vegas. His other siblings are Natasha Sellers, Dennis Michael Sellers and Tammie R. Sellers. Jonathan's parents are Dennis L. Sellers and Milena M. Sellers.
Both boys were buried in the Holy Cross Catholic Cemetery in Chollas View, San Diego.
The crime
On Saturday, March 27, 1993, Charlie Keever and Jonathan Sellers' elder brother, 13-year-old Alton Williams, decided to spend the day bike riding. However, a last-minute change of plans resulted in Alton staying behind and Jonathan joining Charlie instead. Jennifer, Jonathan's twin sister, also wanted to go along but Jonathan said he did not want a girl tagging along so Milena Sellers, Jonathan's mother, told Jennifer to let the boys enjoy the day and she could go next time; Jennifer remained at home.
Around noon, Jonathan and Charlie departed on their 20-inch royal-blue bicycles and went to Rally's (a local fast-food restaurant) in the Imperial Beach neighborhood of San Diego. Afterward, they went to a nearby pet store and played with some of the dogs and cats, chatting with the manager and customers. After leaving the pet store, the boys were not seen alive again.
Police surmise that the boys were lured along the Otay River in Imperial Beach where they were molested and killed.
On Monday March 29, 1993, Charlie and Jonathan's bodies were discovered by a bike rider 10 yards from their bikes in overgrown brush on the west bank of the Otay River. Charlie was on the ground, his head on top of his and Jonathan's clothing. His genitals were bloody and showed extensive bite marks. The autopsy report concluded he was alive when the bite marks were inflicted on him. Tissue samples found in Charlie's mouth eventually proved to contain the killer's DNA.
Jonathan was found hanging by a rope from a castor bean tree. His legs and arms were bound with rope, his mouth gagged and he was naked from the waist down. A rope was wrapped tightly around his neck and his genitals were damaged.
Crime solved via DNA
In March 2001, a DNA database identified Scott Erskine as a suspect, based on the DNA found at the scene of the 1993 murders. Erskine was already in prison for a rape committed six months after the boys' murders.
In 2003, Erskine went to trial on the charges of two counts of murder with the special allegations of sodomy, oral copulation, child molestation and torture and three counts of special circumstances: torture, sexual assault and multiple murders. He was found guilty.
During the penalty phase of the trial, one juror did not want to give Erskine the death penalty, so the judge declared a mistrial for the penalty phase portion of the trial.
In April 2004, a new jury convened voted unanimously for the death penalty. On September 1, 2004, a California judge sentenced Erskine to death and he was sent to San Quentin State Prison. Erskine died of COVID-19 complications on July 3, 2020, while incarcerated.
References
1993 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in California
Sexual assaults in the United States
1993 in California
March 1993 events in the United States
March 1993 crimes
Incidents of violence against boys
Violence against men in North America
People murdered in California
The UNLV Rebels softball team represents the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Mountain West Conference. The Rebels are currently led by head coach Kristie Fox. The team plays its home games at Eller Media Stadium located on the university's campus.
Year-by-year results
Roster
As of March 10, 2018.
2018 Softball Roster
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
In group theory, an isotypical, primary or factor representation of a group G is a unitary representation such that any two subrepresentations have equivalent sub-subrepresentations. This is related to the notion of a primary or factor representation of a C*-algebra, or to the factor for a von Neumann algebra: the representation of G is isotypical iff is a factor.
This term more generally used in the context of semisimple modules.
Property
One of the interesting property of this notion lies in the fact that two isotypical representations are either quasi-equivalent or disjoint (in analogy with the fact that irreducible representations are either unitarily equivalent or disjoint).
This can be understood through the correspondence between factor representations and minimal central projection (in a von Neumann algebra),. Two minimal central projections are then either equal or orthogonal.
Example
Let G be a compact group. A corollary of the Peter–Weyl theorem has that any unitary representation on a separable Hilbert space is a possibly infinite direct sum of finite dimensional irreducible representations. An isotypical representation is any direct sum of equivalent irreducible representations that appear (typically multiple times) in .
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Mackey
"Lie Groups", Claudio Procesi, def. p. 156.
"Group and symmetries", Yvette Kosmann-Schwarzbach
Unitary representation theory
Module theory
Samad or Samed (, Ṣamad) is an Arabic male given name.
Given name
Samed Abdul Awudu (born 1984), Ghanaian football player
Samad Nikkhah Bahrami (born 1983), Iranian basketball player
Samad Behrangi (1939–1967), Iranian teacher, folklorist and writer
Samad Marfavi (born 1965), Iranian football player
Samad bey Mehmandarov (1855–1931), Azerbaijani-Russian general
Samad Rustamov, Uzbek Sambo player
Samad Khan Momtaz os-Saltaneh (1869–1955), Iranian diplomat
Samad Shohzukhurov (born 1990), Tajik football player
Samad Taylor, American baseball player
Samad Vurgun (1906–1956), Azerbaijani-Soviet poet
Samed Yeşil (born 1994), Turkish-German football player
Middle name
Abdul Samad Ismail (1924–2008), Malaysian journalist
Abdul Samad Rabiu (born 1960), Nigerian businessman
Abdul Samad of Selangor (1804–1898), Sultan of Selangor
Surname
Abdul Basit 'Abd us-Samad 1927–1988), Egyptian Quran reciter
Abdus Samad Azad (1922–2005), Bangladeshi diplomat and politician
Hamed Abdel-Samad (born 1972), German-Egyptian writer
Mohammad Samad (born 2000), Indian actor
Mohammad Ridzwan bin Samad, a convicted rioter and gang member of Salakau in Singapore
Nabil Samad (born 1986), Bangladeshi cricketer
Omar Samad, Afghan diplomat
Sahal Abdul Samad (born 1997), Indian football player
Saleh Ali al-Sammad (1979–2018), Yemeni politician
Ziad Al-Samad (born 1978), Lebanese football player
In fiction
Samad, a character played by Ameet Chana in the British web series Corner Shop Show.
Samad, a fictional character played by Iranian actor Parviz Sayyad.
Samad Iqbal, a main character in the novel White Teeth by Zadie Smith.
Arabic-language surnames
Masculine given names
Artillery Regiment may refer to the following military units:
Artillery Regiment (2000), current Swedish Army unit
Artillery Regiment (1636), Swedish Army unit active 1636–1794
Danish Artillery Regiment, also sometimes called simply Artillery Regiment
Regiment of Artillery, Indian military corps
Royal Regiment of Artillery, British military corps
Regiment of Artillery (Bangladesh)
"You Two" is a song from the 1968 film musical Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. The song also appears in the 2002–2005 stage musical version. It was written by Robert and Richard Sherman. The song is sung by a single–widower father, Caractacus Potts (Dick Van Dyke) to his two twin children ("Jeremy" and "Jemima"). An inventor by trade, Potts sings the song against the backdrop of his eccentric inventor's workshop. The melody from this song was also used in counterpoint several times with the melody of the title song, "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang".
Stage version
"Them Three" is a short reprise of "You Two" that was written for the stage musical in 2002. It is sung by "'Grandpa' Potts" and was also authored by the Sherman Brothers nearly thirty-five years after the song was originally written. It is not heard in the movie.
"Us Two" is also a short reprise crafted especially for the stage musical and written by the same writers. It is sung in the Vulgarian dungeons by Jeremy and Jemima, just before "Chitty Prayer", which is a short reprise of the title song. It is also not heard in the movie.
External sources
Sherman, Robert B. Walt's Time: from before to beyond. Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
References
1968 songs
1968 singles
Dick Van Dyke songs
Songs from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Songs written by the Sherman Brothers
United Artists Records singles
The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Gabon.
For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Gabon
A
AS Mangasport (Moanda)
ASCM Moanda
AS Pélican (Lambaréné)
AS Stade Mandji
C
Cercle Mbéri Sportif
D
En Avant Estuaire FC
F
FC 105
M
Missile FC
S
Sapins FC
Sogéa FC
Stade d'Akébé
Stade Mandji
Stade Migoveen
U
US Bitam
US Oyem
US O'Mbilia Nzami
V
VAC Mouila
External links
RSSSF
Gabon
Football clubs
Football
Léonard Victor Joseph Charner (13 February 1797 – 7 February 1869) was an Admiral of the French Navy.
Early career (1797–1837)
Léonard Victor Joseph Charner was born on 13 February 1797 in Saint-Brieuc, Brittany.
He became a cadet at the Ecole de Marine in Toulon in February 1812, was appointed a midshipman in 1815 and served in several ships.
He was promoted to enseigne de vaisseau (ensign) in 1820 and lieutenant de vaisseau (ship-of-the-line lieutenant) in 1828.
He participated in the Invasion of Algiers in 1830.
He recorded his observations in a memoir on the duration of naval manoeuvres.
In 1832 Charner received the cross of the Legion of Honour for the capture of Ancona.
Captain (1837–48)
Charner became a capitaine de corvette (lieutenant commander ) in 1837.
As second in command of the Belle Poule he accompanied François d'Orléans, Prince of Joinville to Saint Helena to bring back the remains of Napoleon to France in 1840 (the Retour des cendres).
He was appointed capitaine de vaisseau (ship-of-the-line captain) in April 1841, and served in various naval commands during the remainder of the July Monarchy.
In 1843 Charner was part of the fleet sent to the Pacific Ocean by the French Foreign Minister François Guizot under Admiral Jean-Baptiste Cécille with the diplomat Marie Melchior Joseph Théodore de Lagrené.
The move responded to the successes of the British in China in 1842, and France hoped to counterbalance these successes by accessing China from the south.
French Second Republic (1848–51)
During the French Second Republic on 13 May 1849 Charner was elected representative of Côtes-du-Nord in the Legislative Assembly.
He sat with the right and supported the policy of President Louis Napoleon.
He was a member of the Naval Investigation Commission and was often involved in discussions on technical matters.
He was also a member of the Côtes-du-Nord General Council.
Second French Empire (1852–69)
After the coup d'état of 2 December 1851 Charner was appointed Chief of Staff of the Minister of the Navy.
He was promoted to rear admiral on 3 February 1852, and made second in command of the Pacific Ocean Squadron in August 1853.
During the Crimean War on 17 October 1854 his battleship, the Napoléon, battled for five hours with .
It fired 3,000 shots and received 100 balls.
On 7 June 1855 he was promoted to vice-amiral.
He chaired the Naval Works Committee.
In May 1860 Charner took command of the naval fores in the China seas and supported the expeditionary force during the Second Opium War.
After directing the disembarkation of the troops at Peïo he directed his gunboats to attack the forts that defended the entrance to the river.
He was then appointed commander in chief of the land and sea forces in Cochinchina.
As soon as the war ended, Charner left for Vietnam in January 1861 with his naval squadron and a force of 3,000 troops to support French troops under Captain Joseph Hyacinthe Louis Jules d'Ariès encircled in Saigon.
On February 11, 1861, he relieved the Siege of Saigon, thereby continuing the endeavour of Admiral Rigault de Genouilly, and permitting the establishment of the first French territories in Vietnam.
The French Navy Minister Chasseloup-Laubat wrote to Charner: "We wish to draw commerce to Saigon (...) What we want is a sort of suzerainty or sovereignty with free trade accessible to all".
After three weeks of combat, ending with the Battle of Kỳ Hòa, Charner managed to relieve the Saigon garrison.
These efforts allowed the French to capture three provinces of Cochinchina.
Charner was replaced by Admiral Bonard in November 1861, who managed to obtain the recognition of the French conquests by Emperor Tự Đức in 1862, with the June 1862 Treaty of Saigon.
Later career
Charner returned to France in September 1861, and on 22 January 1862 was made a senator.
Until his death he sat with the supporters of the imperial regime.
He was promoted to admiral by decree of 15 November 1864.
He was awarded the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour on 10 February 1861.
Charner died on 7 February 1869 in Paris.
Several French Navy ships have been named after him, such as the French cruiser or the Bougainville-class colonial sloop ("aviso colonial") Amiral Charner (1933) which fought at the Battle of Koh Chang in the 1941 Franco-Thai War.
References
Sources
1797 births
1869 deaths
People from Saint-Brieuc
Admirals of France
People of the Cochinchina campaign
19th-century French military personnel
Governors of Cochinchina
Austin House is a national historic site located at 227 Delmar Avenue, Sarasota, Florida in Manatee County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 5, 1998.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Manatee County, Florida
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
Trioceros fuelleborni, the Ngosi Volcano chameleon or Poroto three-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Tanzania.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1900
Taxa named by Gustav Tornier
Reptiles of Tanzania
Antonio "Toni" Soldevilla Castellsagué (born 19 December 1978) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defender.
He amassed La Liga totals of 116 games and three goals, all with Espanyol. He added 122 matches and five goals in Segunda División B where he represented a host of clubs, and also competed professionally in Russia and Indonesia.
Club career
Soldevilla was born in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia. Brought through the ranks of RCD Espanyol, he made his first-team debut on 19 February 1997 in a 0–2 La Liga home loss against Athletic Bilbao, being sent off in the game; he would make 133 official appearances for the club with four goals, eventually becoming first-choice while partnering fellow youth graduate Alberto Lopo in the centre and also going on to captain the squad.
However, Soldevilla grew unsettled and left it in 2005, citing personal reasons – he had already spent several months away from the game during the 2003–04 season. He signed for second division side Polideportivo Ejido midway through 2005–06, where he played only a handful of matches.
After an unsuccessful trial with Ipswich Town and starting off 2006–07 in Cyprus with Apollon Limassol, Soldevilla became the first Spanish player in the Russian Premier League, signing for FC Amkar Perm for the start of the 2007 season. He was released in early March 2008.
In mid-December 2009, Soldevilla signed with UD Marbella in the third level following a one-month trial. He split the following season also in that tier, totalling 20 appearances with Caravaca CF and Ontinyent CF combined.
Honours
Espanyol
Copa del Rey: 1999–2000
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Footballers from L'Hospitalet de Llobregat
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
CE L'Hospitalet players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Polideportivo Ejido footballers
Marbella FC players
Caravaca CF players
Ontinyent CF players
CD Alcoyano footballers
CD Eldense footballers
Apollon Limassol FC players
Russian Premier League players
FC Amkar Perm players
Indonesian Premier Division players
Pro Duta FC players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Catalonia international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
White Is for Witching (published in Britain as Pie-kah) is a 2009 novel by British author Helen Oyeyemi. The novel, Oyeyemi's third, won a 2010 Somerset Maugham Award. Combining elements of ghost, vampire, and haunted house stories, White Is for Witching concerns a twin named Miranda and her relationship with the sentient, xenophobic house she inhabits. A French translation was published as Le Blanc va aux sorcières in 2011.
Plot
Prologue
The novel begins with several cryptic pages in which questions are asked of three entities: a woman named Ore, a man named Eliot, and the Silver House at 29 Barton Road. Each answers the question, "Where is Miranda Silver?" Ore answers that Miranda is in the ground below the Silver House, her throat blocked by a chunk of apple. Eliot answers that Miranda has been missing for six months. The Silver House answers that Miranda is at home, "homesick, home sick."
Part One: Curioser
Twins Miranda and Eliot Silver and their parents, Lily Silver and Luc Dufresne, run a bed-and-breakfast in Lily's childhood home, 29 Barton Road in Dover. When the twins are sixteen and a half, Lily Silver is killed while on assignment as a photojournalist in Haiti. Miranda, who has a pre-existing pica eating disorder, descends into depression and ultimately suffers a mental break that results in a five-month clinic stay.
The Silver House shows malevolent, xenophobic tendencies connected to the maternal line of the Silver women (Lily, Lily's mother Jennifer, and Jennifer's mother Anna). It attacks guests, and the Kurdish housekeeper, her husband, and their two daughters move out after the house traps their eldest daughter in the elevator.
Meanwhile Miranda continues to lose weight due to her eating disorder and begins to show characteristics (appearances, behaviours, idiolects) of the deceased women from her maternal line, to the extent that her own twin mistakes her for their mother. When her father asks Miranda her birth year, Miranda can't remember. The Silver House reveals that Anna Good (Miranda's great-grandmother) was the one to bring it to life with a curse after her husband died in Africa in WWII, fighting the Germans.
Luc hires a new housekeeper, a Yoruba woman named Sade who practices Juju witchcraft and makes protective objects after arriving, presumably to protect herself from the House's hostility. While the other members of the household are out, the house attacks Sade by possessing a mannequin.
The House states that Jennifer Silver (Lily's mother) didn't run away as the family believed; because Jennifer was planning to abandon Lily, the House trapped her inside its walls where she lived out the rest of her life. The House adds, "Believe it, don't believe it, as you will" and proposes that instead Anna caught Jennifer running away and strangled her to death.
Part Two: And Curioser
Miranda heads to Cambridge alone, where she begins a romantic relationship with a girl named Ore, who is of Nigerian descent. The narration moves to Ore's perspective and explores her experience in Cambridge's white-dominated society. Ore often references the Caribbean folk story of the soucouyant, who is an old woman that abandons her skin at night to feed on the souls of others. In the story, the soucouyant is defeated when a girl rubs its abandoned skin with salt and pepper, preventing the soucouyant from re-entering.
Ore sees a photo of long-haired Miranda pre-breakdown but can't believe it's her, because Miranda has now almost completely taken on the appearances of Lily, Jennifer, and Anna. Shortly before the Christmas break, Miranda tries to jump out of Ore's fourth-floor window, saying that the Silver House is calling her, but Ore manages to pull her back.
When Miranda returns home, now so weak she has difficulty walking and seeing, she invites Ore to stay with her. Ore accepts, though she's been warned about Dover's reputation for xenophobia. The Silver House and its ghosts are enraged that Miranda has fallen in love with a black woman, and turn their violent tendencies against her and Ore.
When Ore arrives, the house attacks her repeatedly. Sade tells her that the house is a monster and gives her salt and chilli peppers for protection. After the house attacks Ore again in the night, she decides to leave.
As she tries to leave, Ore has a series of hallucinatory encounters with the House: She encounters a little girl in the elevator, holding something bloody and covered in flies. She rubs her hands in salt and tears at this girl's face, revealing Miranda, who attacks her. Ore manages to hold her by the throat until the elevator stops at a new floor, filled with silent white figures, which Ore blinds with salt. She splits Miranda's skin open "like a bad nut" and it falls off, revealing the long-haired girl from the photo—Miranda before her breakdown. This Miranda desperately tries to climb back into the skin, while Ore manages to escape the house (with help from Sade) and goes home.
After Ore leaves, Miranda steels herself to fight the Silver House and its ghosts, deciding that she can't be "herself plus all her mothers." On her return, someone has heaped all-season apples in the kitchen. Miranda swallows two watch batteries (the ingestion of which can cause death). Eliot has made her a pie from the all-season apples (which the Silver House produces), but Miranda refuses to eat it, thinking he is trying to poison her. She runs downstairs barefoot, which is the last anyone sees of her.
The novel ends where it began. Miranda has been missing for six months, since the apple pie incident. The bed-and-breakfast has been closed, but Eliot sometimes notices that furniture has been moved. Miranda's old shoes continually fill with a thick red liquid that smells like roses. Eliot thinks he hears Miranda's footsteps in the attic of the Silver House.
Characters
Miranda Silver (Miri): Miranda, the novel's protagonist, is a young woman with a hereditary pica eating disorder, who uncontrollably consumes chalk. Throughout the novel she takes on more and more characteristics of the maternal Silver line.
Eliot Silver: Eliot is Miranda's twin brother. He is one of the first-person narrators.
29 Barton Road (The Silver House): The Silver House in Dover, currently a bed-and-breakfast, is another of the first-person narrators. The Silver House is possessed by Miranda's deceased maternal ancestors, Lily, Jennifer, and Anna. It shows xenophobic and racist tendencies, often attacking the immigrants and people of color who stay or live there.
Ore Lind: Ore is Miranda's love interest and one of the few characters that sees the house for what it is. She is the final first-person narrator. She is the daughter of a Nigerian immigrant and was adopted as a baby by white British parents.
Luc Dufresne: Luc Dufresne is the father of Miranda and Eliot. Luc runs the Silver House as a bed-and-breakfast. Luc is a good cook and is constantly trying to concoct dishes that will be appetizing to Miranda.
Lily Silver: Lily Silver is a photojournalist, and Miranda and Eliot's mother. She is shot and killed in Haiti while on assignment at the beginning of the novel.
Jennifer Silver: Lily's mother. She ostensibly ran off after having Lily, leaving her own mother Anna to raise Lily, but the House claims to have trapped her inside its walls, where Jennifer lived a long but "unconventional" life until 1993—though the House also raises the possibility that Anna strangled Jennifer to death when she caught Jennifer running away.
Anna Silver (née Anna Good): Also referred to as GrandAnna. Anna raised Lily after Jennifer Silver's disappearance. The House credits her with bringing it to life through a curse, and she seems to be the source of its violent xenophobic tendencies.
Sade: Sade is the housekeeper of the Silver House, a Yoruba woman versed in juju. She has tribal scars on her cheeks. Sade is the only character to battle successfully with the Silver House.
Narration
Point of view within the novel is complex and unconventional, with one of the first-person narrators being the Silver House itself. The perspective shifts between first-person and third-person sections; first-person sections are narrated by Eliot, Ore, and the Silver House, while the third-person sections are limited to Miranda's perspective. All of the first-person narrators are unreliable, and the third-person narrator cleaves so closely to Miranda's perspective as to reflect her biases and hallucinations.
Reception
White Is for Witching received mixed reviews but won a 2010 Somerset Maugham Award. Andrew Ervin's The New York Times
The New York Times review compared the novel to Toni Morrison's Beloved and Chris Abani's Song for the Night and called it "a delightfully unconventional coming-of-age story" but added that the story "is suffering ever so slightly under the weight of a political agenda." The Guardian was critical, calling it "a ghost story without much of a ghost, or a story." Writing in Callaloo, Aspasia Stephanou praised White Is for Witching for subverting "the conventional and metaphorical associations of vampirism with the “foreign” other, as the British Nigerian Ore draws upon her knowledge of the soucouyant in order to try to understand and explain the dangerous matriarchal line of Miranda Silver's British ancestors. White is established as the marker of evil, a whiteness that embodies British nationalism."
References
2009 British novels
Supernatural books
Novels by Helen Oyeyemi
English-language books
Hamish Hamilton books
Sir Frank William Lampl (6 April 1926 – 23 March 2011) was a Czech-British businessman. He was Life President of Bovis Lend Lease, the leading global construction management company that he created from the British building firm Bovis during a 15-year period as Chairman and CEO.
Career
Lampl was born in Brno, Czechoslovakia, into a cultured Jewish land-owning family. He was the son of prominent Austrian lawyer Otto Lampl (1887–1934) and his wife, Olga Jelinek Lamplová. His mother was murdered in Auschwitz in 1944. Lampl was the only member of his family to survive the war. He spent his teenage years as a prisoner in the Theresienstadt ghetto and Auschwitz and Dachau Nazi concentration camps, and his first construction job was as a slave labourer on an underground camp in Kaufering auxiliary camp of Dachau.
After World War II, Frank Lampl resumed his studies in Brno(Brünn) and inherited property from his murdered family. But after the communist takeover he was denounced as a bourgeois undesirable and sentenced to imprisonment in the uranium mines of Jachymov.
He married Blanka Kratochvílová, and they had one son.
Frank Lampl benefited from a general amnesty on Joseph Stalin's birthday and was released in 1953 on condition that he take up work in either mining or construction. Having tired of mining he returned to construction. By 1963 he was managing director of the Pozemni Stavby Zavod Opava state construction company and won a place at Brno University.
Unwilling to be caught by a third oppressive regime when the Russian tanks rolled into Prague in 1968 Frank Lampl and his wife left with one suitcase to visit their son Thomas who was studying at Oxford University in England.
They never returned and at the age of 42, Sir Frank began his career in construction again. He joined the British building firm Bovis in 1971 and by 1975 led Bovis's first foray overseas enjoying particular success in the then booming Middle East.
In 1978 Sir Frank became chief executive of Bovis International and further contract successes followed, an achievement crowned by the Queen's Award for Export in 1984 and 1986. Bovis had been a division of the diversified transport and shipping company P&O since 1974, and in 1985 Frank Lampl joined the P&O main board in his capacity as Chairman of Bovis Construction.
Bovis became a name synonymous with the Big Bang building boom of London in the 1980s and the company's introduction of US construction management skills facilitated rapid completion of the most complicated projects. The biggest was Canary Wharf with the tallest building in Europe.
At the same time Sir Frank realised that Bovis needed to diversify internationally if the company was to survive after the boom was over. By 1990 Bovis had completed three substantial acquisitions in the US and in 1991 was able to win the Atlanta Olympic Games construction management contract.
There was also a highly successful series of acquisitions on the continent of Europe bringing major projects and Bovis also won EuroDisney outside Paris, finished in 1992, and a huge shopping centre under Red Square in Moscow.
Additionally Sir Frank set up an operation in his former home town Brno and Bovis participated in several major Czech developments. And the Asian expansion of Bovis resulted in some notable wins, particularly the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, then the tallest building in the world.
In 1999 Sir Frank oversaw the successful sale of Bovis to the Australian retail real estate group Lend Lease and then announced his retirement at the start of the new Millennium. However, he remained Life President of Bovis Lend Lease and travelled extensively to see Bovis projects around the world.
Sir Frank was well known in Israel and lived with his 2nd wife artist Wenda, dividing his time between his home in Wiltshire, London's striking new Chelsea Bridge Wharf development and Washington, D.C. He was knighted in the 1990 New Year's Honours and was an ex-chancellor of Kingston University as well as a holder of numerous honorary degrees.
References
Further reading
Building Relationships, The History of Bovis 1885-2000, Peter Cooper, Cassell & Co (2000)
External links
Obituary in The Independent
1926 births
2011 deaths
Businesspeople from Brno
British Jews
Czech Jews
British businesspeople
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Knights Bachelor
Czechoslovak emigrants to England
Theresienstadt Ghetto survivors
People associated with Kingston University
Czech emigrants to England
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Simple Pleasures may refer to:
Simple Pleasures (Alison Brown album), 1990
Simple Pleasures (Bobby McFerrin album), 1988
Simple Pleasures, Nancy Wilson discography
Simple Pleasure, a 1999 album by Tindersticks
Simple Pleasures (Shameless), TV episode
The 13th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 23–31 May 1924 in Moscow. Of the delegates attending, 748 had voting rights, and 416 had consultative rights. The congress elected the 13th Central Committee.
This congress was the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks)' first to take place after the death of Vladimir Lenin, and represents a transition between the Lenin and Joseph Stalin regimes. It was also the first confrontation between the Left Opposition (led by Leon Trotsky) and the "troika" (led by Stalin, Grigory Zinoviev, and Lev Kamenev).
Background
By the time of Lenin's death on 21 January 1924, the New Economic Policy (NEP) had produced some economic stability after the famines and crises that had plagued the post-Civil War Soviet economy, such as the "sales crisis" of 1922. The posthumous cult of Lenin became a strategic tool for various Party leaders vying for the leadership. Party membership expanded by more than half during the February "Lenin Enrollment," while Stalin gave a series of lectures later titled Foundations of Leninism. Even though Stalin had been condemned as "too rude and... intolerable" and recommended for dismissal by the late Lenin in his "Last Testament," Stalin nonetheless successfully retained his position as General Secretary and crafted a powerful public association with Lenin's personality cult. Stalin's supporters used Trotsky's former disputes with Lenin to condemn him, and his theory of "permanent revolution" would become the main object of attack in the great theoretical debates following the 13th Party Congress.
Discussions
Among the many issues that dominated the 13th Party Congress, the factional split between the Left Opposition and the "troika" was a major divider. Trotsky and the Left Opposition argued that world revolution was required for the success of socialism, since the Soviet Union could not survive on its own without any aid from Western economies. On the other hand, Stalin, Zinoviev, and Kamenev of the "troika" argued that the Politburo should proceed to organize socialism on a national scale, a policy known as "socialism in one country." On 27 May, Stalin declared Trotsky's line a "petty-bourgeois deviation."
Lenin's "Letter to the Congress" was also read out loud to the 13th Party Congress, and among its criticisms of the different leading personalities of the Politburo, the most condemning was of Stalin. Nonetheless, the Congress chose to not publish this letter, and Stalin retained his post as General-Secretary until his death in 1953.
Aftermath
The 13th Party Congress marked the beginning of the Stalinist era, and the factionalism that emerged set the stage for the next five years, during which further struggles would emerge between factions over Soviet and international policy.
See also
Lenin's Testament
References
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 11
Congress
1924 conferences
May 1924 events
Loughborough Public School is a junior kindergarten through grade eight school in Sydenham, Ontario adjacent to Sydenham High School. It is part of the Limestone District School Board.
The Loughborough school building was constructed over 100 years ago. Since then, it has undergone two expansions and renovations. The most recent change was in 1993. At that time, the front entrance was reconstructed, a new library was built, the design of the upper level facility office space was improved, and new classrooms were built.
In 2002, Queen's University awarded the Associate School of the Year Award to the Loughborough School.
Loughborough Public School created the annual one-day Girls Active Living and Sport (G.A.L.S.) conference. After learning about G.A.L.S., Oprah Winfrey initiated a contest for student leaders setting healthy examples.
References
Elementary schools in Ontario
Middle schools in Ontario
Schools in Frontenac County
Brass's friarbird (Philemon brassi) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and swamps.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Australian botanist, Leonard J. Brass (1900-1971), who worked for the Queensland Herbarium .
References
Brass's friarbird
Birds of Western New Guinea
Brass's friarbird
Taxa named by Austin L. Rand
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Battle of the Harrow took place on 26 May 1798 and was the first clash of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 in County Wexford. It was fought between government forces (specifically a unit of Wexford yeoman cavalry, the Camolin Cavalry) and United Irishmen insurgents under the leadership of a local priest, John Murphy who had mobilized following reports of atrocities by the yeomanry during the rebellion led by the United Irishmen revolutionary organisation.
Background
News of the outbreak of the rebellion to the north had filtered down to County Wexford and was accompanied by the arrival of two military regiments notorious for their brutality: the Royal North Cork Militia and a Welsh fencible cavalry unit known as the Ancient Britons. In addition, regular yeomanry patrols of the countryside and reports of a massacre of prisoners by yeomen in Carnew added to the atmosphere of widespread fear. As a consequence, many people banded together to watch for military patrols or abandoned their homes to hide in the countryside.
One such group, numbering about forty, were gathered by Father John Murphy near the village of The Harrow on the evening of 26 May. Ostensibly the men had come to cut turf for Father Murphy, their local curate, which was a custom at the time. This ruse allowed the men to carry turf cutters, which could serve as rudimentary weapons, but they also had a small number of firearms concealed nearby.
The Fight at The Harrow
Meanwhile, a patrol of about twenty yeomen (belonging to the Camolin Cavalry) were approaching, alerted by the reports of rebellion and seeking a number of suspected United Irishmen. The yeomen initially passed Fr. Murphy's group without incident, but the bulk of the patrol halted nearby while their commanding officer, a Lieutenant Bookey, together with a private, John Donovan, rode on ahead to the dwelling of one of the suspected United Irishmen. Finding their target was not at home, they set fire to the cabin and then turned back to rejoin their unit. The rebels attacked the yeomanry, killing Bookey and Donovan; the remainder of the patrol fled.
The official version of events was recorded in the entry for 26 May 1798 in the Detail Book of the Camolin Cavalry;
"On arrival in Ferns, Lieut. Smith and a party was ordered towards Scarawalsh, where the murders were committed, to see if this information was true, and Lieut. Bookey with another Party rode towards the Harrow, where he met a large party of Insurgents armed with Pikes and some Arms. The Lieut. rode before the Party, and ordered the rebels to surrender, and deliver up their Arms, on which they discharged a volley at the Party, accompanied with a shower of stones, some of which brought Lieut. Bookey from his horse, as also John Donovan, a private in the Corps. The party after firing a few shots, finding themselves overpowered by the Rebels, retreated to Ferns, where they remained ‘till day break, melancholy spectators of the devastation committed by the Rebels. The information of the Murders at Scarawalsh found to be true."
Sources
H. F. B. Wheeler and A. M. Broadley; The War in Wexford: an account of the rebellion in the south of Ireland in 1798, told from original documents (London 1910) pp. 83–4.
External links
1798 Rebellion website
Battles of the Irish Rebellion of 1798
History of County Wexford
The Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (also DOSCO) was a Canadian coal mining and steel manufacturing company.
Incorporated in 1928 and operational by 1930, DOSCO was predated by the British Empire Steel Corporation (BESCO), which was a merger of the Dominion Coal Company, the Dominion Iron and Steel Company and the Nova Scotia Steel Company. DOSCO was one of the largest private employers in Canada during the 1930s-1950s. In 1957, DOSCO was purchased as a subsidiary of A.V. Roe Canada Ltd.
In 1966 it terminated coal operations. This led in 1967 to the creation of a crown corporation, the Cape Breton Development Corporation, or DEVCO, which took over operations.
Corporate predecessors
Industrial Cape Breton consisted of two distinctive geographic regions for industrial activity: the "north side" of Sydney Harbour, and the "south side". The north side was dominated in the 1800s by the General Mining Association (GMA), which had been formed in the 1820s after the Colony of Cape Breton Island was amalgamated back into Nova Scotia. Several independent collieries opened on the south side and by the 1870s, Canada's federal government had implemented its National Policy of economic protectionist measures. It was during this decade that the leading operators on the "south side" foresaw the benefits of amalgamating and modernizing to replace lost American coal markets in eastern Canada with Cape Breton coal.
Dominion Coal Company
In 1889, Henry Melville Whitney and Frederick Stark Pearson of Boston, Massachusetts, formed the Whitney coal syndicate with Benjamin Franklin Pearson of the People's Heat and Light Company of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The group purchased one mine and obtained options on others south of Sydney on eastern Cape Breton Island. Premier William Stevens Fielding and the Liberal provincial administration favored Whitney's entry into the coal business because his steamships and street-railway electric generators consumed large quantities of coal. The Whitney syndicate was offered an unprecedented 99-year lease on a fixed royalty; the group exercised its options, acquiring most of the existing bituminous coal mines in eastern Cape Breton and co-opting such local figures as John Stewart McLennan and David MacKeen. This process took some months, and Whitney was not ready to consolidate operations at Sydney until early 1893.
On February 1, 1893, Dominion Coal Company Ltd. (DOMCO) was incorporated with Whitney as president, B.F. Whitney as secretary and F.S. Pearson as chief engineer. Early investors in the enterprise included Whitney's younger brother, William Collins Whitney; his brothers-in-law, Henry F. Dimock and Charles T. Barney; and Almeric H. Paget, who later married William's daughter Pauline.
Properties
The new company included the following properties:
Gowrie
Schooner Pond
Clyde
Glace Bay
Caledonia
Reserve
Lorway
Emery
International
Bridgeport
Gardiner
Lingan
Victoria
and several smaller collieries
Railway lines
DOMCO also inherited a mixed variety of railway lines linking the various mines. These were consolidated and operated as a department of the company, and in 1895 were extended south to Louisbourg. The railroad lines were incorporated in 1910 as the Sydney and Louisburg Railway.
By 1912, DOMCO operated 16 collieries, comprising 40% of Canada's coal production. The company effected numerous efficiencies and improvements. There were, however, costly mistakes, prominent among them the tendency to become locked into low-price contracts (such as to Whitney's companies), thus missing a large market at higher prices. By 1901 some 90 percent of its output was committed to such low-price contracts. The company made a large public offering of stock, which tumbled in price when Whitney failed to get the American import duty on coal removed or at least reduced.
Dominion Iron and Steel Company
Flushed with the success of creating DOMCO in the 1890s, the Whitney syndicate sought to create a use for "slack coal" resulting from mixing and screening processes at DOMCO's coal wash plants. Whitney expanded operations at Sydney with the organization in March 1899 of the Dominion Iron & Steel Company Ltd. (DISCO), which had funding in both Canada and the United States. Whitney was joined in the new enterprise by his long-time business friends F.S. Pearson, B.F. Pearson, W.C. Whitney, C.T. Barney, H.F. Dimock, A.H. Paget and J.S. McLennan. The promise of federal bounties, together with concessions from the Liberal provincial administration of Premier George Henry Murray, enabled DISCO to begin work in June 1899 on the largest integrated steel mill in the British Empire. Located on the south side of Sydney Harbour, which Whitney said offered more advantages to steel making than anywhere else in the world, the mill was completed in 1901.
DISCO operated coke ovens which cooked this slack coal to create coke to fuel its oxygen blast furnaces that were used to smelt iron ore mined by DISCO at its mine on Bell Island in Newfoundland and shipped to Sydney.
Competitors in Britain, France, Germany and the United States were initially concerned. However, continuing problems of management and cost control led to Whitney's early withdrawal from the project. Later in 1901, Whitney and his associates sold majority control of DOMCO to engineer turned businessman James Ross of Montreal, and their minority share of DISCO to Ross and other Canadian interests. Whitney resigned as president of DISCO in 1902 and as a member of the DOMCO board in December 1909; he remained a member of the DISCO board until 1909.
The year 1901 also saw further changes in the coal and steel industry on Cape Breton Island when the rival GMA, operator of coal mines on the "north side" of Sydney Harbour, as well as a newly inaugurated steel mill at that location, sold its properties to Nova Scotia Steel Company Ltd. (SCOTIA) of New Glasgow.
In 1903, Ross and the Canadian investors in DISCO sold control to James H. Plummer of Toronto, Ontario. By 1910, Plummer gained control of DOMCO from Ross and made both DOMCO and DISCO subsidiary companies of a new entity called Dominion Steel Corporation, which also counted mainland Nova Scotia's Cumberland Railway and Coal Company as a subsidiary.
DISCO Presidents and General Managers, 1899-1919
Presidents
Henry Melville Whitney 1899-1902
James Ross 1902-1904
James Henry Plummer 1904-1916
Mark Workman 1916-1919
General managers
John Stewart McLennan 1899-1900
Arthur James Moxham 1900-1902
David Baker 1902-1904
Graham Fraser 1904-1906
F.P. Jones 1906-1910
M.J. Butler 1910-1916
D.H. McDougall 1916-1919
British Empire Steel Corporation
Further consolidation of industrial activity on Cape Breton Island saw SCOTIA taken over in 1917 by American investors as its steel mill had closed in 1914, and the company focused on coal mining in Sydney Mines and manufactured steel products at its extensive facilities in Trenton, Pictou County.
The fall-out from World War I saw a syndicate of British investors led by Montreal, Quebec industrialist Roy M. Wolvin negotiate a takeover of Dominion Steel Corporation from Plummer in 1919. BESCO proposed a $500 million merger of DOMCO and DISCO, along with various British steel and shipbuilding interests. In 1921, SCOTIA was merged with the conglomerate to form the British Empire Steel Corporation (BESCO).
The scope and scale of BESCO was truly mind-boggling. In addition to its coal mines and steel mills operating as a complete monopoly across the entire Sydney Coal Field, BESCO also operated coal mines, steel mills and foundries in the Pictou Coal Field in Trenton, New Glasgow, Stellarton and Westville, as well as North America's deepest coal mines in Springhill, Nova Scotia, and iron mines in Bell Island, Newfoundland. It also operated several industrial railways and various shipping ports throughout the province.
However, the mergers that resulted in the formation of BESCO also amalgamated an inordinate amount of debt. During its 8-year history, BESCO was in a constant financial crisis and by 1925 required an annual operating profit of $8 million ($100 million when adjusted for inflation in 2010) to meet these financial commitments. As a result, BESCO's investors pressured management to force many difficult working conditions in order to achieve higher production from its workforce. This resulted in unprecedented labour unrest and militancy which would forever transform Industrial Cape Breton (see Davis Day).
Profits fell and coal and steel markets were declining throughout the 1920s as North America's industrial and consumer practices changed. BESCO management tried to desperately save the company, however bitter strikes by workers, culminating in widespread social and civil unrest in 1925, saw BESCO slip further into debt.
BESCO subsidiary DISCO (the steel mill) fell into receivership in the spring of 1926 after short-term financing was refused; this would eventually lead to the break-up of the conglomerate. DISCO was liquidated in 1927 but the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia refused to dissolve BESCO. Wolvin resigned as president and sold his holdings after his reorganization plan was rejected by other shareholders and he was succeeded by C.B. McNaught.
Creation of DOSCO
In 1928 a new holding company called Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation (also DOSCO) was formed as a holding company by McNaught and various BESCO investors. In May 1930 BESCO was dissolved and the new company took over its industrial properties. DOSCO implemented management processes that put a halt to the financial troubles through the 1930s. The company's fortunes were boosted by World War II with its control of manufacturing and their inputs and at one point DOSCO was the largest private employer in the nation.
Following the war, DOSCO's industrial prominence continued to slide as alternative fuels and sources for steel took force, combining with declines in government subsidization of both industries. In 1957, A.V. Roe Canada acquired a controlling interest in DOSCO in a bid to diversify its operations beyond the aircraft manufacturing and defence industries. In 1958, DOSCO subsidiary Cumberland Railway and Coal Company closed its mines in Springhill; the mines being closed following the Springhill Mining Disaster. The associated railway service limped on until permission to abandon was granted in 1961, and the last train ran in 1962. The Cumberland Railway continued to exist as a corporation, however, as the S&L was made its subsidiary in 1961, doing business as the Sydney & Louisburg Division of the Cumberland Railway. This was done primarily to make the provincially chartered S&L eligible for federal railway subsidies.
In 1962 A.V. Roe Canada was dissolved and its assets merged into the newly formed conglomerate Hawker Siddeley Canada, which sought to rid itself of money-losing operations.
By the early 1960s DOSCO was in a continuous slide and sought to halt its decline by shutting various poorly performing mines in the Pictou and Sydney coal fields; from 9 in 1960 to 5 in 1965. Despite shedding other money-losing subsidiaries it was still losing money and under pressure from Hawker Siddeley Canada to reduce red ink. In 1965, DOSCO announced that its remaining mines had only 15 years of production left and it would not undertake any further capital expenditures and would exit the industry within months.
The vast public outcry to DOSCO's announcement in Industrial Cape Breton saw the minority government of Prime Minister Lester Pearson come under incredible political pressure to resolve the crisis. Pearson announced the formation of the Donald Commission of inquiry into the industry, which would eventually lead to the formation of the federal Crown corporation Cape Breton Development Corporation (or DEVCO) and the provincial Crown corporation Sydney Steel Corporation (SYSCO) which expropriated DOSCO's mines and steel mill in 1968.
DOSCO subsidiaries
Refer to: Industrial Heritage of Cape Breton Island.
Acadia Coal Company Limited, Stellarton, NS
Aluminum Industries Limited, Montreal, QC
Canadian Bridge Company Limited, Walkerville, ON
Canadian Bridge Engineering Company Limited, Walkerville, ON
Canadian Steel Corporation Limited, Ojibway, ON
Canadian Steel Lands Limited, Ojibway, ON
Canadian Transmission Tower Company Limited, Montreal, QC
Canadian Tube and Steel Products Limited, Montreal, QC
Cibou Steamship Company Limited, London, UK
Dominion Coal Company, Glace Bay, NS
Dominion Coal Import Company Limited, Montreal, QC
Dominion Rolling Stock Company Limited, Sydney, NS
Cumberland Railway and Coal Company, Springhill, NS
Sydney and Louisburg Railway Company, Glace Bay, NS
Dominion Iron and Steel Company, Sydney, NS
Dominion Limestone Limited, Aguathuna
Dominion Shipping Company Limited, Sydney, NS
Dominion Wabana Ore Limited, Bell Island, NL
DOSCO Overseas Engineering Limited, Beaconsfield, UK
Empire Housing Company Limited, Sydney, NS
Essex Terminal Railway Company, Walkerville, ON
Eastern Car Company Limited, Trenton, NS
Graham Nail & Wire Products Limited, Toronto, ON
Halifax Shipyards Limited, Halifax, NS
Nova Scotia Steel and Coal Company Limited, Trenton, NS
Old Sydney Collieries Limited, Sydney Mines, NS
James Pender & Company, Saint John, NB
Scotia Rolling Stock Company Limited, Trenton, NS
Seaboard Power Corporation Limited, Glace Bay, NS
Stothert & Pitt (Canada) Limited, Montreal, QC
Stowell Screw Company Limited, Longueuil, QC
Trenton Industries Limited, Trenton, NS
Trenton Steel Works Limited, Trenton, NS
Truscon Steel Company of Canada Limited, Walkerville, ON
See also
Dominion, Nova Scotia
Black Diamond Steamship Company
Notes
External links
Industrial Heritage of Cape Breton Island
The Sun Rises in the East, an address to The Empire Club of Canada by Lionel Avard Forsyth, President of the Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation Ltd. on October 22, 1953.
Coal companies of Canada
Steel companies of Canada
Companies based in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Energy companies established in 1928
Manufacturing companies established in 1928
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1928
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1968
1928 establishments in Nova Scotia
1968 disestablishments in Canada
Village School may refer to:
a one-room school, or "village school"
Village School, a 1955 novel by Miss Read.
Schools
United Kingdom
The Village School (London)
United States
Village School (Campbell, California)
Village School (Pacific Palisades, California)
Village School (Unity, Maine)
Village School (Holmdel, New Jersey)
Village Elementary School, Princeton Junction, New Jersey
Village School (Great Neck, New York)
Village School (Charlottesville, Virginia)
The Village School (Royalston, Massachusetts)
The Village School (Eugene, Oregon)
The Village School (Houston, Texas)
The Village School (Richardson, Texas)
Auburn Village School, Auburn, New Hampshire
Australia
Village School (Croydon North, Victoria)
Motojuku Station may refer to these train stations in Japan:
Motojuku Station (Aichi), in Aichi Prefecture
Motojuku Station (Gunma), in Gunma Prefecture
The 1964 Waltham Forest Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Waltham Forest London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Chingford, Municipal Borough of Leyton and Municipal Borough of Walthamstow. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Waltham Forest by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 161 candidates stood in the election for the 48 seats being contested across 16 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour and Liberal parties, while the Conservative stood 42 candidates. Other candidates included 18 Residents and 5 Communists. All wards were three-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 8 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 24 after winning 36 of the 48 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 32.0%. This turnout included 716 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Triigi may refer to several places in Estonia:
Triigi, Harju County, village in Kõue Parish, Harju County
Triigi, Lääne-Viru County, village in Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Triigi, Saare County, village in Leisi Parish, Saare County
Joachim Levy (born 1976 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss film director, screenwriter, showrunner.
Biography
Joachim Levy studied at the New York Film Academy, the Brooklyn College and the University of California, Los Angeles.
He began his film career as a production assistant in 1999 at Cineblast Productions, a New York-based film production company owned by producer Gill Holland.
From 2001 through 2007, Levy worked together with Thierry Guetta on Life Remote Control and on the Oscar nominated film Exit Through the Gift Shop, a film about the street artist Banksy.
In 2007 Levy became vice president of Six Point Films, working together with the double Oscar-winner Branko Lustig. Additionally he worked as director and film editor on a documentary about Buell Motorcycle Company, entitled Buell The Documentary, for Los Angeles based Emmy Award winner and producer Steve Natt.
In 2012, Levy developed The Bank, a comedy drama series about soccer and glamor, starring Paz Vega, Rasha Bukvic, Gary Dourdan, Philippe Reinhardt. A few months later, his friend, producer Raphael Bonacchi (IMDB profile), joined him on the development of the TV Series.
External links
Joachim Levy officially Website
Life Remote Control at the IMDb
Joachim Levy Wedding Art Photographer
1976 births
Living people
Swiss film directors
Swiss screenwriters
New York Film Academy alumni
Brooklyn College alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
equensWorldline SE (formerly Equens) is a payment card and payment processor headquartered in Utrecht, Netherlands which serves the European market. Since 2019, it has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Worldline. As of 2020, equensWorldline had additional branch offices in Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and sales representatives in the UK.
History
Equens was established in 2006 as Europe's first pan-European payment processor. This followed the merger of Europe's two largest payment processors: Interpay from The Netherlands and the Transaktionsinstitut für Zahlungsverkehrsdienstleistungen AG from Germany.
In July 2008, Equens SE was formed as Societas Europaea, initially operating as a holding company. In September 2008, Equens SE extended its activities to Italia, by forming Equens Italia, a 50:50 joint venture with Italy's Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane. In 2011, Equens Italia was become wholly owned subsidiary of Equens SE, and in 2013 it turned into a permanent establishment of Equens.
In 2016, equensWorldline was created, following the merger between Equens SE and Worldline's Financial Services activities in France, Benelux and Germany.
Initially, Worldline hold 63.6% of the shares, the rest (36.4%) being held by Dutch, German and Italian banks. However, Worldline had a call option on the minority shares, which it exercised in 2019, hence becoming the sole owner of equensWorldline.
References
External links
Companies based in Utrecht (province)
2009 Kashiwa Reysol season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kashiwa Reysol
Kashiwa Reysol seasons
The 1937 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the tenth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Kilkenny entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 5 September 1937 Cork won the championship following an 8-5 to 0-2 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in nine championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Cork became the third team after Tipperary and Kilkenny to win more than one All-Ireland Championship title.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Theory is a type of abstract or generalizing thinking, or its result.
Theory may also refer to:
Scientific theory, a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world
Social theory, an analytical framework or paradigm that is used to study and interpret social phenomena
Philosophical theory, a position that explains or accounts for a general philosophy or specific branch of philosophy
Literary theory, the systematic study of the nature of literature, or any of a variety of scholarly approaches to reading texts
Mathematical theory, an area of mathematical research that is relatively self-contained
Theory (mathematical logic), a set of sentences (theorems) in a formal language
Theory, a type of argument in policy debate and Lincoln–Douglas debate
Theory (chess), consensus and literature on how the game should be played
Theory (clothing retailer), a New York-based fashion label
Theory Eatery, an American cuisine restaurant in Portland, Oregon
Theory (poem), a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry, Harmonium, published in 1917
Ki:Theory, the American recording artist and producer Joel Burleson
Theory of a Deadman, also known as Theory, a rock band
The former stage name of hip hop and smooth jazz artist Dax Reynosa
A computer algebra system software, predecessor to LiveMath.
Austin Theory, American professional wrestler
See also
Theorem
List of notable theories
Theoria, theological contemplation
Mathematical theory (disambiguation)
Thiery (surname)
Thierry, given name and surname
Theorema (disambiguation)
Teorema (disambiguation)
Biogenesis is the generation of life from existing life.
Biogenesis may also refer to:
"Biogenesis" (The X-Files)
Biogenesis baseball scandal (involving MLB players taking growth-hormone)
Mitochondrial biogenesis
Organelle biogenesis
Ribosome biogenesis
Recapitulation theory, the biogenetic law of Ernst Haeckel
See also
Abiogenesis, the generation of life from non-living matter
Biomolecule
Organic chemistry
The village of Parkmill () is a small rural settlement in the Gower Peninsula, South Wales, midway between the villages of Penmaen and Ilston, about eight miles (13 km) west of Swansea, and about one mile (1.5 km) from the north coast of the Bristol Channel. The village lies to the north of the A4118, the main South Gower road between Swansea and Port Eynon, in a wooded area, at the bottom of a valley.
The building at the centre of the village is a former school that is now home to the West Glamorgan Girl Guides Activity Centre. Pennard golf course lies immediately to the south of the village. Parkmill is in the Gower ward of the City and County of Swansea.
Parkmill's only religious building is the Mount Pisgah United Reformed Church, a Congregational chapel, erected in 1822 and rebuilt in 1890.
The area is little changed from the mid 19th century, when Samuel Lewis said in his 'A Topographical Dictionary of Wales' (1849): The hamlet of Park-Mill, forming the most populous part of the parish, [Ilston] is yet extremely rural; and the surrounding scenery, which is characterized by features of tranquillity and seclusion, is enlivened by the small rivulet called Pennarth Pill, winding along a beautiful dell, in which are the ruins of an ancient chapel. On this stream a cloth manufactory was established early in the present century, but it has been discontinued. The 'cloth manufactory', a 12th-century water-powered corn and saw mill, at Parkmill has since been renovated and a rural craft centre sited in it, called the Gower Heritage Centre.
Parc le Breos
Parkmill once lay within a Medieval deer park, Parc le Breos, which was established in the 1221–32 CE by John de Braose, Marcher Lord of Gower as an enclosed area of about 2,000 acres (800 hectares). As well as the deer, during the 14th century the park received an income from agistment, pannage, sales of wild honey, ferns and dead wood and from rabbits, though whether these were domestic warrens or free warrens is not known.
The park is now mainly farmland and has a 19th-century Hunting Lodge, which is now an hotel and pony trekking (horse riding) centre called Parc le Breos, built about one mile (1.6 km) east north east of Parkmill
Parc Cwm long cairn
The Parc Cwm long cairn, or Parc le Breos burial chamber, is a partly restored, prehistoric, megalithic chambered long barrow, built between 5,800 BP and 6,000 BP (before present), during the early Neolithic period, about three quarters of a mile (1.1 km) north west of Parkmill.
The cromlech is located in Coed-y-Parc, on the floor of a dry narrow valley in about of woodland, owned and managed by Forest Enterprise (Wales), in a limestone gorge, at an elevation of about 50 feet (15 m) above sea level. Pedestrian access is allowed and is free, with free parking available for 12–15 cars about 650 feet (200 m) from the site. On the opposite side of the lane to the car park a kissing gate, wide enough for a wheelchair to pass through, leads to an asphalt track that runs past the cromlech and the length of the gorge, allowing flat, disabled access to within about ten feet (3 m) of the site. Parc le Breos burial chamber is maintained by Cadw (), the Welsh Historic Environment Agency.
There are caves further along Parc Cwm valley, Cathole Cave and Llethryd tooth cave, which have been used from Mesolithic to Medieval times. In the Neolithic period, corpses may have been placed in the caves until they had decomposed, before the bones were moved to the cromlech.
La Charrette
La Charrette is recognised by the British Film Institute as the smallest cinema in Wales. The 23-seat venue, built from a disused railway carriage, was sited in a back garden in Gorseinon, near Swansea, and began showing films in 1953.
The cinema was originally constructed and run by the late Gwyn Phillips (who died in 1996), who fell in love with the movies while working as a projectionist as a teenager. Safety concerns, following wear and tear to its wood-and-steel structure, caused La Charrette to close. A visit by film critic Mark Kermode for BBC2's The Culture Show, in October 2007, resulted in the tiny venue being given a special send-off in February 2008. The black tie event consisted of the world premiere of the Danny Boyle film Alien Love Triangle (2002), starring Kenneth Branagh, Alice Connor, Courteney Cox and Heather Graham. Branagh made a personal appearance at the screening, walking up the red carpet laid between two ends of terrace houses in Gorseinon, before watching the film—and special messages recorded by Cox and Graham—with Kermode and Rita Phillips, Gwyn Phillips' widow.
After the screening, the cinema was dismantled. It was rebuilt at the Gower Heritage Centre, Parkmill, where it has reopened.
References
External links
The Francis Firth collection: Parkmill, West Glamorgan
Gower Heritage Centre, Parkmill
SwanseaCam photos of Parkmill
Hamlets in Swansea
Populated places on the Gower Peninsula
Pennard (community)
In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five-for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. This is regarded as a notable achievement.
The Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) is a professional Twenty20 cricket league in Bangladesh which has been held annually since its first season in 2012. Though Following the match fixing scandal, the league was not played in the year 2014. It started again at year 2015, the third season of this tournament. In the eight seasons played, sixteen five-wicket hauls have been taken by fifteen different bowlers.
The first five-wicket haul was taken by Mohammad Sami of the Duronto Rajshahi against the Dhaka Gladiators on 27 February 2012. Sami took five wickets for six runs. The most recent five-wicket haul was taken by Mustafizur Rahman of the Comilla Victorians against Chattogram in Dhaka on 13 January 2020. Mohammad Amir of Khulna Tigers has the best bowling figures in an innings by a player in the competition. It was also the only six-wicket haul. Sami's five wicket haul was also the most economical five-wicket haul. He took five wickets with an economy rate of 1.80 and a bowling average of 1.20 in that match. Al-Amin Hossain of the Barisal Bulls took the least economical five-wicket haul, bowling with an economy rate of 9.00.
Thisara Perera is the only cricketer to take multiple five-wicket hauls. Fourteen five-wicket hauls have been taken at the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium. Al-Amin Hossain of Barisal Bulls is the only bowler to take a hat-trick and a five-wicket haul in a Bangladesh Premier League Match.
The 2017 season and 2019–20 season has seen the most number of five-wicket hauls in one season. Four five-wicket hauls had been taken in those seasons. While the 2013 and 2019 seasons had the fewest five-wicket hauls where no bowler could pick up a five-wicket haul. Thirteen times out of sixteen times a team won, when a player of that team picked up a five-wicket haul. Shakib Al Hasan and Nasir Hossain are the only players to take five-wicket haul while captaining their side. Shakib captained Dhaka Dynamites and Nasir captained the Sylhet Sixers.
Key
Five-wicket hauls
Season overview
See also
List of Bangladesh Premier League records and statistics
List of Bangladesh Premier League centuries
Notes
References
External links
Official Bangladesh Premier League Website
Five-wicket hauls
Bangladeshi cricket lists
30:e november () is a Swedish film released to cinemas in Sweden on 10 March 1995.
Plot
The plot starts with Adam and a gang of white power skinheads setting a reception center for asylum-seekers on fire. One of those fleeing the center is Julia from Peru, and for Adam, it is love at first sight. Despite the title of the film, it takes place in the middle of summer, around the National Day of Sweden, 6 June. However, 30 November is a date when Swedish neo-Nazis have often organized marches commemorating King Charles XII.
About the film
The film has since aired on Sveriges Television and TV4, and was released on video in September 1995. The TV and video versions run at 111 minutes. It is a reinterpretation of Romeo and Juliet, mostly scene for scene.
References
External links
Swedish drama films
1995 films
Films shot in Sweden
Films directed by Daniel Fridell
Films based on Romeo and Juliet
1990s Swedish films
Harold Dull (1935-2019) was an American aquatic bodyworker and poet best known as the creator of Watsu, originally developed in the early 1980s at Harbin Hot Springs, California. He is also known for his poetry, as founder of the Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Association (WABA), and as creator of Tantsu and Tantsuyoga. Watsu is a form of aquatic bodywork in which a practitioner or therapist gently cradles, moves, stretches, and massages a receiver in chest-deep warm water for deep relaxation and aquatic therapy.
Life
Harold Dull was born in 1935 in Seattle, Washington.
Education
Harold Dull received his BA and MA degrees at the University of Washington. Dull also gained proficiency in several languages.
Dull began writing poetry in 1955, while a student of Stanley Kunitz and Theodore Roethke at the University of Washington. After graduation in 1957 he participated in regular meetings of poets with Jack Spicer and Robert Duncan in San Francisco, and published several small books of poetry with the San Francisco Renaissance presses Open Space and White Rabbit Press.
Starting in 1976, Dull studied in Zen Shiatsu in America and in Japan, where he studied with Shizuto Masunaga, the original creator of Shiatsu. He also studied with Reuho Yamada and Wataru Ohashi, the teachers who first introduced Shiatsu to the United States.
Development of Watsu
In the early 1980s, while teaching at the School of Shiatsu and Massage at Harbin Hot Springs, California, Harold Dull began adapting Zen Shiatsu for water. He experimented with floating people in the warm water natural springs, incorporating breathing patterns, meditative presence, and meridian stretches in sessions. He called this new form of aquatic bodywork Watsu, a contraction of Water Shiatsu. Dull discovered that Watsu induced deep relaxation, with profound physical and emotional effects.
Dull, with his background in creative arts, poetry, and English teaching, originally focused on Watsu as a meditative and nurturing practice, and emphasized "heart connection". In the 1980s Dull practiced and developed the techniques with various volunteers from the Harbin community, primarily massage therapists and yoga practitioners. Originally Watsu was developed for everybody – adolescents, young and old adults, pregnant women, athletes, and those suffering from stress. A wide variety of providers now offer Watsu, including psychologists, psychiatrists, physical therapists, massage therapists, and lay people.
By the late 1980s and early 1990s physical therapists and other healthcare providers began to use Watsu with their patients for diverse orthopedic and neurologic conditions. In those early years, there was some resistance to Watsu among those trained in conventional healthcare, primarily because of the roots in Shiatsu and the close physical contact. As increasing numbers of therapists have incorporated Watsu into their treatment programs, Watsu gained increasing acceptance as a form of aquatic therapy, and Watsu is now practiced a spa, clinics, health centers, and hospitals worldwide.
Contributions
Watsu
Dull is most notable for his work creating and developing Watsu. Watsu is a form of aquatic bodywork used for relaxation and passive aquatic therapy, characterized by one-on-one sessions in which a practitioner or therapist gently cradles, moves, stretches, and massages a receiver in chest-deep warm water.
Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Association (WABA)
Dull founded the Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Association (WABA), and served as president for various years. The Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Registry (WABR) stores records for students and professional aquatic bodyworkers.
Harbin Hot Springs massage school and Watsu facilities
Harold Dull has had a long-term association with Harbin Hot Springs, widely known as the birthplace of Watsu. He lived there beginning in 1980 as a teacher and resident, owned and ran the massage school from 1985 to 2008, and helped design and build the extensive Watsu aquatic facilities.
In 1979, the Niyama School of Healing Arts was established at Harbin Hot Springs. In 1985, the school was purchased by Harold Dull and renamed the School of Shiatsu and Massage, which was later bought and operated by the Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Association (WABA). In 2008, the school was purchased and operated by the Bodywork Career Institute, LLC. In 2013, the school was purchased by Harbin Hot Springs and began operating under the name Harbin School of Healing Arts.
Teaching
Dull taught Watsu and Tantsu courses worldwide. He has taught in 27 countries, including Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Costa Rica, Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, India, Israel, and almost every country in Europe.
Poetry
Harold Dull's poetry was published in a collected volume in 2007.
Tantsu and Tantsuyoga
Harold Dull developed Tantsu in order to "bring back onto land Watsu's nurturing holding, and the joy of the movement freed when floating someone level with the heart". The Tantsu form "gradually builds trust through unconditional holding". Tantsuyoga is a related form that "celebrates union".
Publications
Dull's publications concern Watsu, Tantsu, and poetry:
Dull, Harold. 1958. Bird Poems. White Rabbit Press. ASIN: B001VELDPA.
Dull, Harold. 1963. The Wood Climbed Down Out Of. White Rabbit Press. ASIN: B0067ANA9K.
Dull, Harold. 1964. The Door. Open Space Publishing. ASIN B003QA28SI.
Dull, Harold. 1967. The Star Year. White Rabbit Press. ASIN B002SGQ8F0.
Dull, Harold. 1987. Bodywork Tantra on Land and in the Water, Loose Pages Edition. Harbin Springs. ASIN: B003DWUFUC.
Dull, Harold. 1991. Bodywork Tantra on Land and in the Water. Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Association. .
Dull, Harold. 1993. Watsu: Freeing the Body in Water, 1st edition. Harbin Springs Publishing.
Dull, Harold. 1997. Watsu: Freeing the Body in Water, 2nd edition. Harbin Springs Publishing. .
Dull, Harold. 2004. Watsu: Freeing the Body in Water, 3rd edition. Watsu Publishing. .
Dull, Harold. 2007. Finding Ways to Water: Collected Poems 1955-2007. Watsu Publishing. .
Dull, Harold. 2008. Watsu: Freeing the Body in Water, 4th edition. Watsu Publishing. .
Dull, Harold. 2008. Tantsu: Yoga of the Heart. Watsu Publishing. .
Dull, Harold. 2010. Watsu Basic and Explorer Paths. Watsu Publishing. .
Honors and awards
Dull has received various awards for his contribution in creating Watsu:
International Aquatics Award from the United States Water Fitness Association
Honored at the National Aquatic Exercise Conference in Japan
Tsunami Spirit Award, 1998, from the Aquatic Therapy and Rehabilitation Institute.
See also
Harbin School of Healing Arts
Worldwide Aquatic Bodywork Registry
References
American health and wellness writers
American male poets
1935 births
Aquatic therapy
Hydrotherapy
Massage therapy
American physiotherapists
2019 deaths
Writers from Seattle
American male non-fiction writers
Midshipman Easy is a 1915 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Elisabeth Risdon, Fred Groves and A. V. Bramble. It was based on the 1836 novel Mr Midshipman Easy by Frederick Marryat which was made into a sound film Midshipman Easy by Carol Reed in 1935.
Cast
Elisabeth Risdon - Don's Daughter
Fred Groves - Don Sylvio
A. V. Bramble - Mesty
Compton Coutts - Easy
References
External links
1915 films
British historical adventure films
British silent short films
1910s historical adventure films
1910s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
Films based on British novels
Films based on works by Frederick Marryat
Films set in the 18th century
Films set in the 1790s
Films set in England
Films set in Italy
Seafaring films
British black-and-white films
Films set on ships
Napoleonic Wars films
1910s British films
Silent adventure films
The First Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik (Pierwszy rząd Edwarda Szczepanika) was the second-to-last of cabinets of the Polish Government in Exile, preceding Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat (who became President) and second Szczepanik Cabinet.
Prime Minister: Edward Szczepanik
Minister of Education: Czesław Czapliński
Minister of the Treasury: Stanisław Borczyk
Minister of the Emigrees Affairs: Zbigniew Scholtz
Minister of Home Affairs: Ryszard Kaczorowski
Minister of the Military Affairs: Lt. Col. Jerzy Morawicz
Minister of Foreign Affairs: Zygmunt Szkopiak
Minister of Justice: Stanisław Wiszniewski
Minister of Information: Andrzej Czyżewski
Minister of the Ordered Matters: Tadeusz Drzewiecki
Minister of the Relations with USSR-occupied nations: Aleksander Snastin
Secretary of the Council of Ministers: Jerzy Zaleski
Szczepanik, Edward
Brie Joy King (; born January 24, 1998) is a Canadian volleyball player and musician. She is part of the Canadian women's national volleyball team. Professionally, she plays for Brazilian club Sesc-RJ/Flamengo.
Personal life
King is a Christian, and along with her husband Jeremy, built a church in Vancouver in 2020.
King is singer/songwriter. She released her first album entitled First Things First in 2021.
Career
College
King played collegiate volleyball at Trinity Western University in Langley, British Columbia.
Professional clubs
Dresdner SC
Athletes Unlimited (2021)
Béziers Volley [fr] (2021–2022)
Sesc-RJ/Flamengo (2022–)
Canadian national team
King joined the Canadian national team in 2019. She was named the "Best Setter" at the 2021 Pan-American Cup.
Awards and honors
International
2021 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup – Best Setter
Discography
Albums
First Things First (2021)
References
Exteneral links
1998 births
Living people
Canadian women's volleyball players
Sportspeople from British Columbia
Setters (volleyball)
Expatriate volleyball players in the United States
Expatriate volleyball players in Germany
Expatriate volleyball players in France
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
Canadian women singers
Canadian guitarists
Canadian songwriters
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian Christians
Trinity Western University alumni
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in France
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
John Paul Berry (January 17, 1918 – November 3, 1970) was an American baseball pitcher and first baseman in the Negro leagues. Berry played on the Kansas City Monarchs barnstorming team in 1935 and 1936, and briefly joined the club in 1945.
References
Kansas City Monarchs players
1918 births
1970 deaths
Baseball pitchers
Baseball first basemen
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Dutch Michiganders are residents of the state of Michigan who are of Dutch ancestry. In the 1840s, Calvinist immigrants desiring more religious freedom immigrated. West Michigan in particular has become associated with Dutch American culture, and the highly conservative influence of the Dutch Reformed Church, centering on the cities of Holland and (to a lesser extent) Grand Rapids. Dutch is still spoken by the elderly and their children in Western Michigan. As of 2010, 5.1% of Michiganders are of Dutch descent.
See also
De Zwaan (windmill)
Gazette van Detroit
Holland, Michigan
Holland Museum
Tulip Time Festival
References
External links
The Western Michigan Dutch
Dutch Speakers in Michigan, YouTube
Hardingshute Manor (also Hortyngeschete, 13th century; Hortyngshute, Hortyngshott, 15th century; Hustingshute, 16th century; Arthingshoote, Ortingshote, 18th century) is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Hardingshute lies to the north of Brading and Nunwell. In the 13th century land at Hardingshute was held by Richard Malet, whose heirs are returned in the Testa de Nevill as holding a seventh of a fee under Robert de Glamorgan, and William atte Welle held an eighth of a fee there in 1431. The estate, which afterwards became known as the manor of Hardingshute, belonged, however, to the Lisles of Wootton. In 1306 Sir John de Insula, was granted free warren in the demesne lands there, and six years later granted to Walter Paye half an acre in the vill of Hardingshute.
The manor then passed with South Shorwell (q.v.) to Michael Dennis, who exchanged it in 1557 for part of the manor of Compton with George Oglander. It has since followed the same descent as Nunwell, and as of 1912 was owned by Mr. J. H. Oglander.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Hoçaş is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
The Wilmer House, located at 1310 E. 9th Ave. in Winfield, Kansas, was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
It is a three-story side-gabled frame house. The property includes a single-car garage built in about 1917.
It was home of physician Dr. F.M. Wilmer (b.1871), who came to Winfield in 1903 and served as an eye, ear, nose and throat doctor for 50 years. He also was active in the community, including by organizing an annual Fourth of July parade.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Houses completed in 1917
Cowley County, Kansas
Bungalow architecture in Kansas
Claude Sylvain (1930–2005) was a French actor and singer. After appearing in films of the 1950s, playing in a mixture of female lead and supporting roles, she switched to appear as a performer in cabaret where she met her husband Francis Claude.
Selected filmography
Madame du Barry (1954)
Service Entrance (1954)
On Trial (1954)
Don Camillo's Last Round (1955)
Rififi (1955)
Tower of Lust (1955)
If Paris Were Told to Us (1956)
Si tous les gars du monde... (1956)
In the Manner of Sherlock Holmes (1956)
Blood to the Head (1956)
The Man in the Raincoat (1957)
References
Bibliography
Powrie, Phil. The Cinema of France. Wallflower Press, 2006.
External links
1930 births
2005 deaths
French film actresses
20th-century French women singers
Actresses from Paris
Results for the Quarterfinals, also called the Playoffs of the 2014–15 Euroleague basketball tournament.
The quarterfinals will be played in April 2015. Team #1 (i.e., the group winner in each series) will host Games 1 and 2, plus Game 5 if it is necessary. Team #2 will host Game 3, plus Game 4 if necessary.
Summary
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
References
Quarter-finals
Naomi Datta, FRS (née Goddard; 17 September 1922 – 30 November 2008) was a distinguished British geneticist. Working at Hammersmith Hospital in the 1950s and early 1960s, she identified horizontal gene transfer as a source of multi-antibiotic resistance in bacteria.
Research history
After qualifying in medicine in 1946, Datta joined the Public Health Laboratory Service as a bacteriologist and worked here for ten years. She then worked at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School at Hammersmith Hospital for almost three decades, joining as a lecturer in 1957 and later becoming professor of microbial genetics. It was here that she made a significant breakthrough by demonstrating that antibiotic resistance could be transmitted between bacteria, the first time this had been shown outside Japan.
In 1959 there was a severe outbreak of Salmonella typhimurium phage-type 27 and, as part of her research at Hammersmith Hospital, Datta examined 309 cultures to see if the strain was unaltered after moving through hosts. 25 of the 309 were found to be drug-resistant, eight of which were resistant to Streptomycin which had been used to treat the patients. Notably, Datta observed that earlier cultures of the salmonella typhimurium infection (from the start of the outbreak) were not drug-resistant, so it seemed that the antibiotic resistance had developed over time.
Datta published these findings in 1960, in the paper An outbreak of infection with Salmonella typhimurium in a general hospital, and later in 1962 in the paper Transmissible drug resistance in an epidemic strain of Salmonella typhimurium in the Journal of Hygiene.
In later years she published many important studies on the occurrence and significance of drug resistance plasmids in enterobacterial infections. For example, Dr. Datta co-authored (with Royston C. Clowes, Stanley Cohen, Roy Curtiss III, Stanley Falkow and Richard Novick) a proposal for uniform nomenclature for bacterial plasmids.
She also made distinguished contributions to research on the molecular biology of R factors, and she pioneered the classification of R factors and other plasmids by their incompatibilities. She found that some resistance genes, including those for gentamicin resistance, are located on transposons and are readily transferred between replicons.
Earlier background
Born Naomi Goddard in London, she was educated at St Mary's School, Wantage in Oxfordshire and later at the University of Paris. At the outbreak of World War II, she returned to England to study medicine at University College London (UCL).
She married her husband, Prakash Datta, in 1943, having met him in Leatherhead, Surrey, where she was studying having been evacuated from the capital two years earlier. She qualified as a doctor in 1946 and the following year worked as a junior doctor in various hospitals.
Her first cousin was the distinguished soldier and Acting President of Rhodesia Henry Everard; their grandfather's first cousins were architected Henry Goddard and Mormon pioneer George Goddard.
Later years
Datta retired in 1984 and became emeritus professor of microbial genetics at the University of London. The year after her retirement, in 1985, she was elected to fellowship of the Royal Society.
During her retirement, she continued to pursue academia by first studying a postgraduate course in linguistics (although she was not able to obtain a qualification as she did not possess an undergraduate qualification in an arts subject), and then achieving a master's degree in human evolution in the department of anthropology. At 75, she was the oldest in the group.
Known for her cooking and hospitality, Datta contributed to the Royal Society's anthology on food But the crackling is superb.
References
External links
1922 births
2008 deaths
British geneticists
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Place of death missing
Academics of the University of London
Medical doctors from London
Alumni of University College London
University of Paris alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society
20th-century British women scientists
British bacteriologists
British expatriates in France
Key Sato (28 October 1906 – 8 May 1978) was a Japanese painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1906 births
1978 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Ōita Prefecture
Bajhakhet is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3177 people living in 625 individual households.
Media
To Promote local culture Bajhakhet has one FM radio station Radio Marsyangdi - 95.0 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Terrible class was a type of two 110-gun ships of the line, built on a design by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb.
Ships
Terrible
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 23 October 1778
Launched: 27 January 1780
Fate:Broken up in 1804
Majestueux
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 20 April 1780
Launched: 17 November 1780
Fate:armed en flûte from 1807
References
110-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
In Greek mythology, the name Theobule ( from + 'divine will' or 'divine counsel') refers to:
Theobule, mother of Myrtilus by Hermes.
Theobula, mother of Arcesilaus and Prothoenor by Areilycus (Archilycus). Their son was one of the Boeotian leaders in the Trojan War. In one account, Alector was the father of Arcesilaus by Cleobule and Prothoenor by Arteis.
This name was also thought to have given rise to Sibyl by Varro, a Roman man of letters. The historian Jerome similarly explained Theobule as the Attic form of the Doric (Siobolla), a variant of Sibulla (Sibyl in Greek)
Notes
References
Diodorus Siculus, The Library of History translated by Charles Henry Oldfather. Twelve volumes. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1989. Vol. 3. Books 4.59–8. Online version at Bill Thayer's Web Site Diodorus Siculus, Bibliotheca Historica. Vol 1-2. Immanel Bekker. Ludwig Dindorf. Friedrich Vogel. in aedibus B. G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1888-1890. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn, Adam J. and Kokkini, Dimitra. Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, Harvard University Press, 2015.
Women of Hermes
Mortal parents of demigods in classical mythology
Women in Greek mythology
Boeotian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Force of Darkness is a horror film about demonic possession. A woman witnesses a murder and a detective investigating the case believes the killer was possessed by the devil. It starred Mel Novak, Doug Shanklin, Loren Cedar, Mark Milan, Marlin Fischer, Gordon Rigsby and Eddie Hailey.
Story
This is a film about a man who is under demonic possession.
Gloria Ramsey witnesses the murder of her man who is a doctor. Detective Ben Johnson believes that Gloria is innocent of the crime and he goes after the killer who was the doctor's last patient, who has multiple personality disorder. Detective Johnson believes it's demonic possession that is involved. Conrad who is the killer roams the streets looking for victims. Detective Johnson has a job to stop him. The quest takes him to Alcatraz prison. Alcatraz prison is not empty. There are people who are staying there. The killer's possession may be related to demons that reside in Alcatraz. The demons that possess Conrad have an interest in Gloria and they beckon her to come to Alcatraz. A final confrontation is due in the prison that has been closed for 22 years.
Background
The film story was by Jack Baylam.
The video release slick says, The EXORSIST opened the door and now someone has made contact.
Possible Christian connection
There's a possible Christian connection to the film. Eddie Hailey who played Murry in the film, and Gene Redlon in Another Life had been a born again Christian for some years prior to this film. While on the set of Another Life, he would lead the cast in prayer each morning. Mel Novak who played Conrad in the film has been an ordained Christian pastor for decades.
James Gabriel Stipech who composed the music for the film also worked on a pro-life film called The Silent Scream which was released the previous year in 1984. He had been a member of Christian rock band The Way in 1976.
Cast
References
External links
Imdb: Force of Darkness
Videospace: Force of Darkness (1985)
Video Collector: Force of Darkness (1985)
American supernatural horror films
American horror drama films
American psychological thriller films
Demons in film
American psychological horror films
American police detective films
American serial killer films
Religious horror films
Films about spirit possession
Films shot in California
Films set in San Francisco
Films set in the San Francisco Bay Area
Films shot in San Francisco
1985 horror films
1985 films
Alcatraz Island in fiction
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Stanislas Ouaro (born 19 January 1975) is a Burkinabé politician and mathematician.
Biography
Stanislas Ouaro was born on 19 January 1975. He graduated with a doctor's degree from University of Ouagadougou in 2001 with his thesis titled Etude de problèmes elliptiques-paraboliques nonlinéaires en une dimension d'espace. Before he joined government, he was the president of since 2012.
On 31 January 2018, he was appointed the Minister of National Education and Literacy, replacing Jean-Martin Coulibaly. On 19 January 2019, he resigned together with other members of Thieba cabinet. On 24 January, he was appointed the Minister of National Education, Literacy and Promotion of National Languages.
Health
During the 2020 coronavirus outbreak, on 21 March, Ouaro contracted the coronavirus.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
University of Ouagadougou alumni
Burkinabé mathematicians
Education ministers of Burkina Faso
21st-century Burkinabé people
Special legislation is a legal term of art used in the United States to refer to legislation that targets an individual or a small, identifiable group for treatment that does not apply to all the members of a given class. A statute is often called special legislation when it targets a named person, but the term can also be applied to legislation that singles out an association or corporation. Although a prototypical special law applies only to a single particular person or entity, legislation is often considered special when it applies to a small group of people or other entities.
Special legislation can be used to place burdens on or grant benefits to identifiable individuals. During the Confederation Period, bills of attainder, the most well-known type of special legislation, were enacted by state legislatures to punish individuals suspected, but neither charged nor convicted, of a crime. Special legislation was also used during this period to grant benefits to identifiable individuals, including monopoly rights and exemptions from generally applicable laws.
Legislatures still enact special laws that grant special burdens or provide special benefits to individuals; however, the most well-known type of special law, the bill of attainder, has largely disappeared. One recent group of state special laws grant special privileges to Tesla, permitting them to sell electric cars directly to consumers under circumstances prohibited to other consumers. Other modern special laws apply to a particular city or county. These laws are often called local laws.
Special laws are often criticized because they reflect the corruption of the legislative process, a lack of deliberation on the part of legislatures and because they lead to unjustifiably unequal treatment and allow the legislative branch to encroach on the powers of the executive and judicial branches. However, they are sometimes defended on the ground that they can address problems created by generally applicable laws or cure local problems that call for a local solution.
Most states have constitutional restrictions on some types of special laws. Most state constitutions prohibit special legislation related to certain enumerated subject matters, including prohibiting special laws granting divorces, changing names, and altering court rules. Most other state constitutions provide that the legislature may not pass special laws when a general law can be made applicable. A few states allow special legislation, but only of the legislature follows certain special procedures, like providing notice and a chance to object.
Under the United States Constitution, the modern Supreme Court has not recognized a constitutional prohibition on special legislation. Nevertheless, some scholars have argued that the text and historical background of the Constitution suggests that the Constitution should prohibit some types of special laws.
Special legislation is closely related to what in the United Kingdom are called special or private acts.
In Canada, the federal or provincial governments have the ability to introduce "back-to-work legislation", which is a special law that blocks the strike action or lockout from happening or continuing. It can also impose binding arbitration or a new contract on the disputing parties. Such legislation was enacted during the 2011 Canada Post strike and the 2012 CP Rail strike, thus effectively ending these strikes as legal actions. On the provincial level, similar acts can be passed for other purposes; the National Assembly of Quebec enacted Act 78 in 2012 in order to quell a series of student protests.
See also
Home rule
Bill of attainder
References
Local government in the United States
Marco Antonio Marescotti (29 April – 8 December 1681) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Chiusi (1664–1681).
Biography
Marco Antonio Marescotti was born in Siena, Italy and ordained a priest on 2 February 1664.
On 11 February 1664, Alessandro Piccolomini was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Bishop of Chiusi.
He served as Bishop of Chiusi until his death on 8 December 1681.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
1681 deaths
1625 births
Bishops of Chiusi
Summitville is an unincorporated community in Coffee County, Tennessee, United States. Summitville is located along the Caney Fork and Western Railroad near Tennessee State Route 55, northeast of Manchester. Summitville has a post office with ZIP code 37382, which opened on June 5, 1877. The Crouch-Ramsey Family Farm, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located near Summitville.
Notable residents
Bennett H. Henderson, U.S. Representative for Tennessee
References
Unincorporated communities in Coffee County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
The yellow tit, Taiwan yellow tit, or Formosan yellow tit (Machlolophus holsti) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is endemic to central Taiwan.
Its natural habitat is montane temperate forest.
It has a restricted range and small population, and appears to be declining due to large-scale capture for export by the wild bird trade, so it is classed as Near Threatened by the IUCN.
The yellow tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Machlolophus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
Its length is 13 cm. The yellow tit is mostly yellow, with a crest. The crest and back are blackish blue-grey.
References
yellow tit
Birds of Taiwan
yellow tit
yellow tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hollywood Casino St. Louis is a casino in Maryland Heights, Missouri, near St. Louis. It is owned by Gaming and Leisure Properties and operated by Penn Entertainment. The casino has of gaming space, with 2,180 slot machines and 91 table games.
Penn National Gaming (now Penn Entertainment) acquired the casino, then named Harrah's St. Louis, in November 2012 from Caesars Entertainment for $610 million.
See also
List of casinos in Missouri
References
External links
Casinos in Missouri
Hotels in Missouri
Riverboat casinos
Buildings and structures in St. Louis County, Missouri
Tourist attractions in St. Louis County, Missouri
1997 establishments in Missouri
The Job is an independent darkly comic drama written and directed by Shem Bitterman based on his 1998 play. The film world premiered on September 26, 2009 at the San Diego Film Festival where writer Shem Bitterman won a Best Screenplay award.
Plot
A hapless man named Bubba, who is desperate to find a job and marry the woman he loves, is hooked up with a slick employment agent by a drifter. Only after agreeing to the job (a contract kill, no less), Bubba finds himself in over his head.
Cast
Patrick Flueger as Bubba
Taryn Manning as Joy
Ron Perlman as Jim
Joe Pantoliano as Perriman
Katie Lowes as Connie
Production
Filming began on 6 May 2008 in Detroit, and ended in July 2008.
Release
After a very brief limited release, the film was released on DVD on 27 July 2010.
The film is available on Amazon. Free to Amazon Prime members.
References
External links
American black comedy films
2009 comedy-drama films
American independent films
2009 films
2000s English-language films
Films shot in Michigan
2009 independent films
2000s American films
Viktor Stanislavovich Korchagin (; born 7 August 1967 in Novy Afon, GSSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the long distance at the 1998 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Windischgarsten.
References
Living people
Russian orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Mountain bike orienteers
1967 births
Shanghai Airlines Cargo (上海航空股份公司) was a cargo airline based in Shanghai the People's Republic of China. A joint venture between Shanghai Airlines and EVA Air of the Evergreen Group based in Taiwan, Republic of China, it was established in June 2006. The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines, along with Great Wall Airlines.
Destinations
Shanghai Airlines Cargo served the following destinations:
Mainland China
Shanghai (Shanghai Pudong International Airport) Hub
Hong Kong
Hong Kong International Airport
Japan
Osaka (Kansai International Airport)
Singapore
Singapore (Changi Airport)
South Korea
Seoul (Incheon International Airport)
Thailand
Bangkok (Suvarnabhumi Airport)
United States
Anchorage (Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport)
Chicago (O'Hare International Airport)
Los Angeles (Los Angeles International Airport)
Fleet
Shanghai Airlines Cargo operated the following aircraft:
2 Boeing 757-200F
3 McDonnell Douglas MD-11F
External links
Official website
Defunct airlines of China
Airlines established in 2006
Economy of Shanghai
Airlines disestablished in 2011
The Belinski–Zakharov (inverse) transform is a nonlinear transformation that generates new exact solutions of the vacuum Einstein's field equation. It was developed by Vladimir Belinski and Vladimir Zakharov in 1978. The Belinski–Zakharov transform is a generalization of the inverse scattering transform. The solutions produced by this transform are called gravitational solitons (gravisolitons). Despite the term 'soliton' being used to describe gravitational solitons, their behavior is very different from other (classical) solitons. In particular, gravitational solitons do not preserve their amplitude and shape in time, and up to June 2012 their general interpretation remains unknown. What is known however, is that most black holes (and particularly the Schwarzschild metric and the Kerr metric) are special cases of gravitational solitons.
Introduction
The Belinski–Zakharov transform works for spacetime intervals of the form
where we use Einstein's summation convention for . It is assumed that both the function and the matrix depend on the coordinates and only. Despite being a specific form of the spacetime interval that depends only on two variables, it includes a great number of interesting solutions a special case, such as the Schwarzschild metric, the Kerr metric, Einstein–Rosen metric, and many others.
In this case, Einstein's vacuum equation decomposes into two sets of equations for the matrix and the function . Using light-cone coordinates , the first equation for the matrix is
where is the square root of the determinant of , namely
The second set of equations is
Taking the trace of the matrix equation for reveals that in fact satisfies the wave equation
The Lax pair
Consider the linear operators defined by
where is an auxiliary complex spectral parameter.
A simple computation shows that since satisfies the wave equation, . This pair of operators commute, this is the Lax pair.
The gist behind the inverse scattering transform is rewriting the nonlinear Einstein equation as an overdetermined linear system of equation for a new matrix function . Consider the Belinski–Zakharov equations:
By operating on the left-hand side of the first equation with and on the left-hand side of the second equation with and subtracting the results, the left-hand side vanishes as a result of the commutativity of and . As for the right-hand side, a short computation shows that indeed it vanishes as well precisely when satisfies the nonlinear matrix Einstein equation.
This means that the overdetermined linear Belinski–Zakharov equations are solvable simultaneously exactly when solves the nonlinear matrix equation . Actually, one can easily restore from the matrix-valued function by a simple limiting process. Taking the limit in the Belinski-Zakharov equations and multiplying by from the right gives
Thus a solution of the nonlinear equation is obtained from a solution of the linear Belinski–Zakharov equation by a simple evaluation
References
Exact solutions in general relativity
Nowon Madeul Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nowon District, Seoul, South Korea.
External links
Football venues in South Korea
Sports venues completed in 2008
Sports venues in Seoul
Seoul Nowon United FC
Agustín Calleri and Mariano Hood were the defending champions but only Hood competed that year with Lucas Arnold.
Arnold and Hood lost in the quarterfinals to Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski.
Juan Ignacio Chela and Gastón Gaudio won in the final 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–3) against Nicolás Lapentti and Martín Rodríguez.
Seeds
Draw
References
2004 BellSouth Open Doubles draw
Chile Open (tennis)
2004 ATP Tour
Mass movement may refer to:
Mass movement (geology), the movement of rock and soil down slopes due to gravity
Mass movement (politics), a large-scale social movement
Mass movement (biology), a type of movement in the digestive system
Scaevola anchusifolia commonly known as silky scaevola, is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae. It is a small, upright or decumbent shrub with fan-shaped blue to bluish white flowers and is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
Scaevola anchusifolia is a decumbent or upright shrub to high and stems with rough, longish hairs. The leaves are oblong-lance shaped, taper toward the base, margins smooth or toothed, long and up to wide. The flowers are borne on terminal spikes up to long. The bracts are narrowly elliptic to linear shaped, long and gradually taper to a point. The corolla is long, light blue to bluish white, hairy on the outside, bearded inside and the wings about wide. Flowering occurs from July to November and the fruit is a rounded, flattened shape, wrinkled, smooth and with two sterile cavities.
Taxonomy
Scaevola anchusifolia was first formally described in 1837 by George Bentham and the description was published in Enumeratio plantarum quas in Novae Hollandiae ora austro-occidentali ad fluvium Cygnorum et in Sinu Regis Georgii collegit Carolus liber baro de Hügel.
Distribution and habitat
Silky scaevola grows from the Murchison River to Yalgorup National Park on coastal plains, limestone ridges and sand dunes.
References
anchusifolia
Flora of Western Australia
The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Guinea-Bissau.
For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Guinea-Bissau
A
Académica de Ingoré
Acaja Club
ADR Desportivo de Mansabá
Agril
Aguias Guine No Lanta
Ajuda United
Atlético Clube de Bissorã
B
Babaque - Farim
Blofib
C
Caça em Quinhamel
F.C. Catacumba
FC Cuntum
D
Desportivo Quelele
Desportivo de Biombo
Djaraf
E
EN Bolama
F
Farim
G
Green Sunrise
J
Jagudis de Biombo
M
Mavegro Futebol Clube
O
Oio Soccer Club
OS Balantas
P
Prabis
Q
Quinara FC
T
Tite AFC
Tombali SC
U
União Desportiva Internacional
V
F.C.Vitoria Cacheu
External links
RSSSF
Guinea-Bissau
Football clubs
Renewal theologians are those theologians who represent the Pentecostal, Charismatic and Neocharismatic movements. Notable Renewal theologians are noted under the grouping with which they are most closely identified.
Pentecostal theologians
Gordon Fee - Assemblies of God
Simon Chan - Assemblies of God
Stanley M. Horton - Assemblies of God
Cheryl Bridges Johns - Church of God (Cleveland)
Jackie David Johns - Church of God (Cleveland)
Rufus Hollis Gause - Church of God (Cleveland)
Steven Jack Land - Church of God (Cleveland)
French L. Arrington - Church of God (Cleveland)
Estrelda Alexander - Church of God (Cleveland)
Harold D. Hunter - International Pentecostal Holiness Church
John Harris - Church of God/Church of the Redeemer
James A. Forbes United Holy Church of America/American Baptist Churches, USA
Donald Gee
Nimi Wariboko - Redeemed Christian Church of God
Amos Yong - Assemblies of God
Frank Macchia - Assemblies of God
Terry Cross - Church of God (Cleveland)
Raiford Doc Hughes III - Church of God (Cleveland)
Verna M. Linzey - Assemblies of God
Russell P. Spittler - Assemblies of God
Wolfgang Vondey - Church of God (Cleveland)
Clifton R. Clarke - Church of God(Cleveland)
Kenneth Archer - Church of God(Cleveland)
Daniela C. Augustine- Church of God(Cleveland)
Pentecostal Biblical scholars
Marcel V. Măcelaru - Christian Pentecostal Denomination (Romania)
Robert P. Menzies - Assemblies of God
Rickie D. Moore - Church of God (Cleveland)
Roger J. Stronstad - Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada)
John Christopher Thomas - Church of God (Cleveland)
Pentecostal historians
H. Vinson Synan - International Pentecostal Holiness Church
Kimberly Ervin Alexander - Church of God (Cleveland)
David Roebuck - Church of God Cleveland TN
Gary W. Garrett - Apostolic Archives
Bernie L. Wade - International Circle of Faith (ICOF)
Cecil M. Robeck - Assemblies of God
Connie Au - Charismatic Renewal Movement
Charismatic theologians
J. Rodman Williams
David Pawson
Derek Prince
Neocharismatic Biblical scholars
Graham Twelftree - Vineyard movement
Neocharismatic theologians
Wayne Grudem
Jack Deere
C. Peter Wagner
Guy Chevreau
Charles H. Kraft
Michael L. Brown
Charismatic and Pentecostal Christianity
The Women's Marathon at the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden was held on Sunday August 5, 1995. Due to judges' error the marathon course was 400 metres short of the normal distance as at the start the women left the stadium one lap too early.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
1995 Marathon Year Ranking
Women's Olympic Marathon (1996)
References
Results
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1995 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in Sweden
nl:IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 1995
The 1968 Mongolian National Championship was the fifth recorded edition of the Mongolian National Championship for football, with the first tournament taking place in 1955 and no tournament held in 1965. It would appear however that championships were contested between 1956 and 1963, as sources note that a team called Aldar, the Mongolian Army Sports Club, won the title on numerous occasions during that time. Nonetheless, the 1968 national championship was won by Darkhan, representing the city of Darkhan, the capital of Darkhan-Uul Aimag, their first title.
References
Mongolia Premier League seasons
Mongolia
Mongolia
football
The Murex d'Or (also known as the Golden Murex award) is a Lebanese award created by two Lebanese physicians, Zahi and Fadi Helou to recognize achievements in the domain of art in Lebanon, the Arab region and the world. The first Murex d'Or ceremony took place on June 4, 2000. The name of the award is a tribute to Phoenician Murex sea snails, which were used to dye cloth in imperial Tyrian purple.
Awards by year and category
2000: The first Murex d'Or ceremony took place on June 4, 2000 under the patronage of minister Suleiman Trabulsy at the Regency Palace Hotrel's Caesar's Palace theater in Adma.
2001: The 2001 Murex d'Or event took place on June 2, 2001 under the patronage of Information minister Ghazi Aridi at the Caesar's Palace theater in Adma.
2002: The event took place on September 14, 2002 under the patronage of the First Lady Andree Lahoud also at the Caesar's Palace theater in Adma.
2003: The fourth installment of the awards was held on November 29, 2003 at the Casino du Liban's Salle des Ambassadeurs.
2004: This ceremony took place on January 29, 2005 under the patronage of President Emile Lahoud at the Caesar's Palace theater in Adma.
2005: This installment was held on January 28, 2006 at the Casino du Liban's Salle des Ambassadeurs.
2006: The seventh Murex d'Or ceremony took place in the Salle des Ambassadeurs on May 5, 2007.
2007: The event was held also at the Salle des Ambassadeurs on June 20, 2008.
2008: The event was held at the same place on June 19, 2009.
2009: The event was held at the "Eddé Sands Resort" in Byblos on June 10, 2010 and screened live on MTV Lebanon.
Gaby Lteif received a Golden Murex for his entire career.
2010: The Golden Murex were organized at the Edde Sands Resort in Byblos on 10 June 2010 and broadcast live on MTV Lebanon.
2011: The Golden Murex took place on June 23, 2011.
2012: The ceremony took place on June 11, 2012 and was broadcast on MTV Lebanon.
Best Lebanese artist: Nawal Al Zoghbi.
Best Arabic Actress: Poussi
Best Arabic actor: Maxim Khalil
The best Lebanese song: "Ya Leil Ana Bhebbal" (Sarah El Hani), "Ya Lalali" (Nadine Saab), "Akher Hammak" (Sabine), "Ya Kell El Deni" (Joseph Attieh), "W Taamar Lebnan" (Hicham El Hajj)
Best lyrics and music: Joseph and Michel Geha
Best play: "Che Guevara" by Farid and Maher Al Sabbagh
Best Arabic song: "Eed Habaybak" (Saber Rebaï), "Maarafch Leih" (Nawal Al Zoghbi), "Men Ouyouni" (Myriam Fares), "Al Ghira" (Naya), "Byehssedouni" (George Wassouf)
Best Arabic Artist: Saber Rebaï
Best star: Myriam Fares
Best screenplay: Claudia Marchelian
Best artist: Ziad Bourji
Best Lebanese film: Where Do We Go Now?
Best film music: Khaled Mouzannar
Best Lebanese actress: Nadine Nassib Njeim
Best Arabic Actress: Hend Sabry
Best Lebanese series: "Al Chahroura"
Best Actress: Carole Samaha
Best Arabic Singer: Assi El Helani
Best Arabic Singer: Sherine
Best Model: Mona Ghoss
Best actress in a secondary role: Joelle Dagher
Best actor in a secondary role: Majdi Machmouchi
Best Song: "Majnoun" by Ramy Ayach
Best music: Mike Massy
Best album: "Kol D'i'a Chakhssiye" by Wael Jassar
Best young actress: Dorra Zarrouk
Best young talent: Sabine
Best young talent: Anwar Nour
Best Lebanese director: Samir Habchi
Best young singer: Naji El Osta
Best young actress: Dalida Khalil
Best Video: Angie Jamal
Best Lebanese actor: Youssef El Khal
Best young talent of the Gulf: Mansour Zayed
2013: The ceremony took place on June 24, 2013 and was broadcast on MTV Lebanon.
Singer Khaled received a Golden Murex.
2014: The Golden Murex of 2014 took place at the Casino of Lebanon on Thursday, September 3, 2014.
2015: The Golden Murex took place at the Casino du Liban in Jounieh, Lebanon.
Singer Saad Lamjarred won a golden Murex for his hit song "Enty".
Aline Lahoud: Best Singer and Actress Award for her role in the play (Bent Al Jabal)
2016: Les Murex d'or took place on May 28, 2016 and was broadcast on LBC and Future TV.
Singer Hatim Idar received the Murex d'or award in the best Arab artist category.
Singer Sheila received an Achievement Award for her Achievement Award.
2017: The Golden Murex took place on May 12, 2017 and was broadcast on MTV.
Singer Saad Lamjarred received the Best Song Award for his song Ghaltana and the Prize of the general public.
References
Lebanese awards
In algebraic geometry, a morphism between schemes is said to be smooth if
(i) it is locally of finite presentation
(ii) it is flat, and
(iii) for every geometric point the fiber is regular.
(iii) means that each geometric fiber of f is a nonsingular variety (if it is separated). Thus, intuitively speaking, a smooth morphism gives a flat family of nonsingular varieties.
If S is the spectrum of an algebraically closed field and f is of finite type, then one recovers the definition of a nonsingular variety.
Equivalent definitions
There are many equivalent definitions of a smooth morphism. Let be locally of finite presentation. Then the following are equivalent.
f is smooth.
f is formally smooth (see below).
f is flat and the sheaf of relative differentials is locally free of rank equal to the relative dimension of .
For any , there exists a neighborhood of x and a neighborhood of such that and the ideal generated by the m-by-m minors of is B.
Locally, f factors into where g is étale.
Locally, f factors into where g is étale.
A morphism of finite type is étale if and only if it is smooth and quasi-finite.
A smooth morphism is stable under base change and composition.
A smooth morphism is universally locally acyclic.
Examples
Smooth morphisms are supposed to geometrically correspond to smooth submersions in differential geometry; that is, they are smooth locally trivial fibrations over some base space (by Ehresmann's theorem).
Smooth Morphism to a Point
Let be the morphism of schemes
It is smooth because of the Jacobian condition: the Jacobian matrix
vanishes at the points which has an empty intersection with the polynomial, since
which are both non-zero.
Trivial Fibrations
Given a smooth scheme the projection morphism
is smooth.
Vector Bundles
Every vector bundle over a scheme is a smooth morphism. For example, it can be shown that the associated vector bundle of over is the weighted projective space minus a point
sending
Notice that the direct sum bundles can be constructed using the fiber product
Separable Field Extensions
Recall that a field extension is called separable iff given a presentation
we have that . We can reinterpret this definition in terms of Kähler differentials as follows: the field extension is separable iff
Notice that this includes every perfect field: finite fields and fields of characteristic 0.
Non-Examples
Singular Varieties
If we consider of the underlying algebra for a projective variety , called the affine cone of , then the point at the origin is always singular. For example, consider the affine cone of a quintic -fold given by
Then the Jacobian matrix is given by
which vanishes at the origin, hence the cone is singular. Affine hypersurfaces like these are popular in singularity theory because of their relatively simple algebra but rich underlying structures.
Another example of a singular variety is the projective cone of a smooth variety: given a smooth projective variety its projective cone is the union of all lines in intersecting . For example, the projective cone of the points
is the scheme
If we look in the chart this is the scheme
and project it down to the affine line , this is a family of four points degenerating at the origin. The non-singularity of this scheme can also be checked using the Jacobian condition.
Degenerating Families
Consider the flat family
Then the fibers are all smooth except for the point at the origin. Since smoothness is stable under base-change, this family is not smooth.
Non-Separable Field Extensions
For example, the field is non-separable, hence the associated morphism of schemes is not smooth. If we look at the minimal polynomial of the field extension,
then , hence the Kähler differentials will be non-zero.
Formally smooth morphism
One can define smoothness without reference to geometry. We say that an S-scheme X is formally smooth if for any affine S-scheme T and a subscheme of T given by a nilpotent ideal, is surjective where we wrote . Then a morphism locally of finite type is smooth if and only if it is formally smooth.
In the definition of "formally smooth", if we replace surjective by "bijective" (resp. "injective"), then we get the definition of formally étale (resp. formally unramified).
Smooth base change
Let S be a scheme and denote the image of the structure map . The smooth base change theorem states the following: let be a quasi-compact morphism, a smooth morphism and a torsion sheaf on . If for every in , is injective, then the base change morphism is an isomorphism.
See also
smooth algebra
regular embedding
Formally smooth map
References
J. S. Milne (2012). "Lectures on Étale Cohomology"
J. S. Milne. Étale cohomology, volume 33 of Princeton Mathematical Series . Princeton University Press, Princeton, N.J., 1980.
Morphisms of schemes
Paratrachys is a genus of "jewel beetles" in the subfamily Polycestinae and tribe Paratrachyini.
Species
Paratrachys contains the following species:
Paratrachys australius Bellamy & Williams, 1995
Paratrachys bakeri Obenberger, 1924
Paratrachys biroi Holynski, 1992
Paratrachys chinensis Obenberger, 1958
Paratrachys cornutus Bílý, 1994
Paratrachys cuneiformis (Deyrolle, 1864)
Paratrachys fergussonicus (Kerremans, 1900)
Paratrachys fisheri Obenberger, 1924
Paratrachys hederae Saunders, 1873
Paratrachys hederoides Cobos, 1980
Paratrachys hypocritus (Fairmaire, 1889)
Paratrachys kannegieteri Obenberger, 1924
Paratrachys kurosawai Holynski, 1992
Paratrachys marylae Holynski, 1992
Paratrachys mixtipubescens Kurosawa, 1985
Paratrachys nadjus Cobos, 1980
Paratrachys nigricans (Kerremans, 1890)
Paratrachys nigritus (Deyrolle, 1864)
Paratrachys pilifrons (Kerremans, 1900)
Paratrachys princeps Kurosawa, 1976
Paratrachys queenslandicus Bellamy & Williams, 1995
Paratrachys sinicolus Obenberger, 1958
Paratrachys srogli Obenberger, 1932
Paratrachys strandi Obenberger, 1932
Paratrachys tonyi Holynski, 1992
References
Buprestidae genera
The Gooding City of Rocks West Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area that covers in Gooding County, Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield. The WSA is located in the Bennett Hills and features a collection of rock features called hoodoos, which rise to more than . The Gooding City of Rocks West WSA is contiguous (but divided by dirt roads) with three other WSAs in the Bennett Hills: Black Canyon, Gooding City of Rocks East, and Little City of Rocks. Portions of the WSA's borders are formed by dirt roads, which also separates it from the Gooding City of Rocks West and Black Canyon WSAs.
Sagebrush and grasses are the dominant vegetation in the WSA, although willows, quaking aspen, cottonwoods, and other trees can be found in shaded sections of some canyons. Elevations in the WSA range from to . Wildlife that can be found in the WSA include elk, mule deer, coyote, and various birds of prey and upland game. Catchall Creek and other streams flow through the WSA. All of the WSA was recommended to be included as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System because it provides exceptional wilderness values. However, the area will remain a WSA until it is released or designated a wilderness area. Petroglyphs and surface lithic scatters can be found in the WSA.|year=2009
References
Protected areas of Gooding County, Idaho
Protected areas established in 1992
Bureau of Land Management areas in Idaho
1992 establishments in the United States
Assefa Gebre-Mariam Tessema (also spelt Gebremariam, Tesema; born 1936) is an Ethiopian poet and academic. He wrote the national anthem of Ethiopia from 1975 to 1992, Ethiopia, Ethiopia, Ethiopia be first. , he was working as a teacher in Kaffa Province.
Biography
Assefa studied philosophy and literature at the University of Addis Ababa. He taught Amharic language and literature at Leningrad University for four years before continuing his education in Addis Ababa and Edinburgh. He was a founder of the Ethiopian Writers' Association and has served as its secretary general since 1978.
In 1986, Assefa was serving as the director of the Academy of Ethiopian Languages in Addis Ababa. In 1996, he was part of a panel that worked on an Amharic science and technology dictionary published by the academy. Together with two mathematicians, Tessema served as the linguist for the mathematics terminology.
On 8 September 2007, Assefa, who was based in Las Vegas, Nevada, at the time, gave a talk at Howard University, Washington D.C., on Ethiopian history, language and culture in the past millennium. In October 2009, Assefa helped organise a birthday anniversary memorial service at the university for Ethiopian poet and politician Haddis Alemayehu, who had died in 2003.
Bibliography
Hope
The Rays of September (1979)
The Voice (1980)
See also
Daniel Yohannes Haggos, the composer of the national anthem of Ethiopia from 1975 to 1992
References
Ethiopian poets
Gregerson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Craig Roger Gregerson (born 1986), American murderer
Linda Gregerson (born 1950), American poet
Luke Gregerson (born 1984), American baseball player
Mia Gregerson (born 1972), American politician
See also
Gregersen
Rumsey may refer to:
Places
Rumsey, Alberta
Rumsey, California
Rumsey, Kentucky
Other uses
Rumsey (surname)
Avelia is a genus of karyorelict ciliates belonging to the family Geleiidae.
The genus name is a taxonomic patronyms honoring Marcel Avel (1900–1983; professor of anatomy), with slight modification into the nomen novum Avelia to avoid a taxonomic homonymy with the moth genus Avela.
References
Karyorelictea
Ciliate genera
Taxa described in 1977
Farnaq (; also known as Kharnagh, Kharnaq, Khārneh, Kharneq, and Khor Naq) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Anne Marie Milan Desguillons née Milan (8 May 1753–28 July 1829) was a French stage actress. She was active in the French Theater of Gustav III in Sweden in 1781-92, and principal of the Royal Dramatic Training Academy jointly with Joseph Sauze Desguillons 1793-98.
Life
Anne Marie Milan debuted in Le Havre 1773, and was active in Lille 1774–75.
French theater of Gustav III
In 1781, she arrived in Sweden as a member of the newly created French theater troupe of Jacques Marie Boutet de Monvel, which was engaged by king Gustav III of Sweden to perform for the Swedish royal court.
The French Theatre performed at the court theatres in Gripsholm Castle, Drottningholm Palace Theatre and Confidencen at Ulriksdal Palace for the Swedish royal court: from the season of 1783-84, they also performed for the public at Bollhuset in Stockholm in winters, though the audience normally consisted exclusively of the upper class society, who could speak French.
Anne Marie Milan Desguillons became a highly valued member of the French theater and was favored by the king. To her appearance, she was described as heavily overweight and not regarded to be beautiful, but she was much praised for her artistic talent and enjoyed great respect particularly within the court.
She was foremost a tragedienne, performed in tragedies and mére nobleroles, and was normally given main parts in the French tragedies. Among her parts was Merope, Semiramis and Athalie, but she did occasionally perform comic parts, such as Madame Turcaret.
In 1789, she married her colleague Joseph Sauze Desguillons, and thus required the name Desguillons.
Instructor and principal
After the assassination of Gustav III in 1792, the French theater was dissolved. Desguillons retired from the stage but chose to remain in Sweden.
In 1793, Anne Marie Milan Desguillons and her spouse Joseph Sauze Desguillons where appointed joint principals of the Royal Dramatic Training Academy. The academy had been founded in 1787, but the Desguillons couple was responsible for giving it a proper organisation, which was kept by their successor Sofia Lovisa Gråå.
The two Desguillons were also instructors at the school. They instructed the students in drama, while the music lessons was given by Johann Christian Friedrich Hæffner and L. Piccini, and the dancing lessons by Julie Alix de la Fay and Jean-Rémy Marcadet. They pupils where enrolled at the age of nine or ten and performed as child actors in minor plays as well as in special pupil's plays staged by the school.
She was responsible for the female students, and her husband for the male students. They are known as the mentors of many later famous Swedish stage artists in Swedish theater history, and thus contributed greatly in shaping the contemporary Swedish acting method in a French pattern. Among her more known students was Jeanette Wässelius, Sofia Frodelius, Ulrika Wennerholm and Carolina Kuhlman. Anne Marie Milan Desguillons retired as a principal in 1798.
In 1803, king Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden engaged a French theatre company to perform, and the Desguillons couple were made joint directors responsible of the company during its stay in Sweden. They kept this role until the French company left in 1806.
See also
Marie Louise Marcadet
Marie Baptiste
References
Österberg, Carin, Lewenhaupt, Inga & Wahlberg, Anna Greta, Svenska kvinnor: föregångare nyskapare, Signum, Lund, 1990 1990 (Swedish)
Kjellberg, Bertil, Beijer, Agne & Andersson, Ingvar (red.), Gustavianskt: [1771-1810], Wahlström & Widstrand, Stockholm, 1945
1753 births
1829 deaths
Expatriate actresses in Sweden
18th-century French actresses
French stage actresses
Drama teachers
Gustavian era people
Harlee McBride (born November 20, 1948) is a retired American actress. She is best known for the role of Cynthia Chatterley in Young Lady Chatterley and Young Lady Chatterley II, and as Dr. Alyssa Dryer on Homicide: Life on the Street.
Personal life
She married actor Richard Belzer in 1985. They met in Los Angeles in 1981, when she was 31 and divorced, with two daughters, Bree and Jessica. McBride, who had been seen in Playboy magazine four years earlier than part of that year's sex-in-cinema feature, in conjunction with Young Lady Chatterley, was appearing in TV commercials for the automaker Ford and acting in free theater, when she met Belzer at the suggestion of a friend. During the 1980s, she worked as a secretary at Disneyland.
On October 12, 2014, McBride was disruptive on an Air France flight from New York to Paris. She was yelling, screaming and even threw a tray of food, and was handcuffed to her seat by cabin crew. The pilots made an emergency landing in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador, where she spent two nights in a local jail cell until her CAD$10,000 bail was posted. In May 2016, a Gander judge ordered McBride to pay $26,433 in restitution and a $10,000 fine for the incident.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
American film actresses
Actresses from Los Angeles
American television actresses
American stage actresses
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American women
An Irish Evening: Live at the Grand Opera House, Belfast is an album by the Chieftains. The album consists of a live recording of a concert (over two nights) in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The band invited on stage Roger Daltrey, lead singer of the British band the Who, and American folk singer Nanci Griffith to join them for several songs.
Track listing
"Opening Medley: Dóchas/King of Laois/Paddy's Jig/O'Keefe's/Chattering Magpie" (Traditional) 9:17
"North Americay" (Traditional arranged by Kevin Conneff) 4:09
"Lilly Bolero/The White Cockade" (Traditional) 3:11
"Little Love Affairs" (with Nanci Griffith) (Nanci Griffith, James Hooker) 3:00
"Red is the Rose" (with Nanci Griffith) (Traditional) 3:26
"The Mason's Apron" (Traditional) 5:21
"The Stone" (Traditional) 6:31
"Miscellany: Theme from Tristan and Isolde/Súisín Ban/Good Morning Nightcap/The Galway Races/The Jolly Tinker" (Traditional arranged by Paddy Moloney) 8:56
"On Raglan Road" (with Roger Daltrey) (Traditional arranged by Paddy Moloney & Roger Daltrey; Lyrics by Patrick Kavanagh) 5:23
"Behind Blue Eyes" (with Roger Daltrey) (Pete Townshend) 4:24
"Medley: Ó Murchú's Hornpipe/Sliabh Geal gCua Na Feile" (Traditional) 4:17
"Damhsa" (featuring Jean Butler) (Traditional) 3:00
"Rachamíd a Bhean Bheag/Ford Econoline (with Nanci Griffith)/Any Old Iron" (with Roger Daltrey) (Traditional arranged by Paddy Moloney, Kevin Conneff, Sean Keane, Martin Fay, Derek Bell & Matt Molloy/Nanci Griffith/Traditional arranged by Roger Daltrey) 10:19
References
The Chieftains albums
1992 live albums
RCA Victor live albums
AS Momekano is a football club in Bandundu, Democratic Republic of Congo. They play in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Achievements
Bandundu Provincial League: 1
2007
Bandundu (city)
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kenhardt (founded 1868) is a small town in the Northern Cape province of South Africa. This little town is about 120 km from Upington, the largest town in the area.
History
On 27 December 1868, special magistrate Maximillian Jackson with a police contingent, was sent to act against the Griquas in the area. The Griqua's anti-colonial resistance had erupted into an open conflict. Jackson arrived in Kenhardt and set up camp under a giant camelthorn tree.
This has been for a long time the most remote settlement in the North-Western Cape. With time the town developed from under this tree, becoming a municipality in 1909. The Hartbees River, with its many sweet thorn trees, provides a green belt irrigated by the Rooiberg Dam. Kenhardt is famous for being at the heart of the Dorper sheep-farming area.
Geography
This region contains very little vegetation, primarily very low shrubs and yellow grass among a rocky desert kind of landscape. If you travel south from Kenhardt towards Brandvlei, you will pass through a huge landscape of yellow grass lands and rocky desert like ares for the next 145 km and more. During the seasons many birds flock to the pans, when they contain water, after some rainfall. Temperature above 40 °C is not uncommon.
Activities
Visit the Quiver Tree forest, Kokerboom Woud in Afrikaans, about 5 km south of Kenhardt on the main route to Cape Town. Some of these trees have special formed weaver birds nests. The forest comprises approximately 4,000 to 5,000 trees.
Walk the geological legendary granite metamorphic outcrops of the area. Along the trail all kind of quartz lie scattered.
Tours to the pans on the outlying farms where you can view San artwork and enjoy the farm hospitality.
A hiking trail where Anglo Boer War remains and the beautiful landscape can be experienced.
Make your own discoveries on fossilized foot impressions and engravings.
Places of interest
Giant Camelthorn Tree
This tree is about 500–600 years old. It is under this tree which Magistrate Jackson set up his camp in 1868.
Old Library Building
The old library was built in 1897, and it was used until 1977. In 1978 it was declared a national monument, currently it is used by Sanlam as their office.
Verneukpan
A vast dry pan on which Sir Malcolm Campbell tried, in Bluebird 1, to set a new world land-speed record in 1929.
See also
List of cities and towns in the Northern Cape
Northern Cape
Kakamas, Northern Cape
Upington, Northern Cape
References
External links
Northern Cape - As real as the people who choose to explore it!
UPINGTON.COM - Kenhardt Accommodation | Kenhardt Hotels...
History of Kenhardt
Populated places in the Kai !Garib Local Municipality
Populated places established in 1868
Karoo
Bushmanland, Northern Cape
Herbert Kiper (1897–1978) was a German stage and film actor.
Selected filmography
Dancer of Death (1920)
Without Meyer, No Celebration is Complete (1931)
Duty Is Duty (1931)
Quartet of Five (1949)
Heart of Stone (1950)
The Call of the Sea (1951)
All Clues Lead to Berlin (1952)
The Uncle from America (1953)
The Dancing Heart (1953)
Knall and Fall as Detectives (1953)
Josef the Chaste (1953)
Carola Lamberti – Eine vom Zirkus (1954)
Wenn der Vater mit dem Sohne (1955)
Swelling Melodies (1955)
My Wife Makes Music (1958)
References
Bibliography
Torsten Körner. Der kleine Mann als Star: Heinz Rühmann und seine Filme der 50er Jahre. Campus Verlag, 2001.
External links
1897 births
1978 deaths
German male film actors
German male stage actors
People from Wiesbaden
20th-century German male actors
Phtheochroa rectangulana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Malta and in Spain, Algeria and Tunisia.
The wingspan is 13–17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in October.
References
Moths described in 1915
Phtheochroa
Wallace Bonilha Felix (born 26 January 1996) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Figueirense.
Club career
FC Nitra
Bonilha made his Fortuna Liga debut for Nitra at Tehelné pole against reigning champions Slovan Bratislava on 1 November 2020. Bonilha came in as a last-minute replacement for Michal Faško, with the final score already set for Nitra through Alen Mustafić's second-half strike. Bonilha only appeared for one other fixture for Nitra, playing at pod Zoborom against DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Fluminense FC players
FC Lahti players
Tupi Football Club players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
FC Nitra players
Figueirense FC players
Veikkausliiga players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Slovak Super Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Universal Networking Language (UNL) is a declarative formal language specifically designed to represent semantic data extracted from natural language texts. It can be used as a pivot language in interlingual machine translation systems or as a knowledge representation language in information retrieval applications.
Scope and goals
UNL is designed to establish a simple foundation for representing the most central aspects of information and meaning in a machine- and human-language-independent form. As a language-independent formalism, UNL aims to code, store, disseminate and retrieve information independently of the original language in which it was expressed. In this sense, UNL seeks to provide tools for overcoming the language barrier in a systematic way.
At first glance, UNL seems to be a kind of interlingua, into which source texts are converted before being translated into target languages. It can, in fact, be used for this purpose, and very efficiently, too. However, its real strength is knowledge representation and its primary objective is to provide an infrastructure for handling knowledge that already exists or can exist in any given language.
Nevertheless, it is important to note that at present it would be foolish to claim to represent the “full” meaning of any word, sentence, or text for any language. Subtleties of intention and interpretation make the “full meaning,” however we might conceive it, too variable and subjective for any systematic treatment. Thus UNL avoids the pitfalls of trying to represent the “full meaning” of sentences or texts, targeting instead the “core” or “consensual” meaning most often attributed to them. In this sense, much of the subtlety of poetry, metaphor, figurative language, innuendo, and other complex, indirect communicative behaviors is beyond the current scope and goals of UNL. Instead, UNL targets direct communicative behavior and literal meaning as a tangible, concrete basis for most human communication in practical, day-to-day settings.
Structure
In the UNL approach, information conveyed by natural language is represented sentence by sentence as a hypergraph composed of a set of directed binary labeled links (referred to as relations) between nodes or hypernodes (the Universal Words, or simply UWs), which stand for concepts. UWs can also be annotated with attributes representing context information.
As an example, the English sentence ‘The sky was blue?!' can be represented in UNL as follows:
In the example above, sky(icl>natural world) and blue(icl>color), which represent individual concepts, are UWs; "aoj" (= attribute of an object) is a directed binary semantic relation linking the two UWs; and "@def", "@interrogative", "@past", "@exclamation" and "@entry" are attributes modifying UWs.
UWs are intended to represent universal concepts, but are expressed in English words or in any other natural language in order to be humanly readable. They consist of a "headword" (the UW root) and a "constraint list" (the UW suffix between parentheses), where the constraints are used to disambiguate the general concept conveyed by the headword. The set of UWs is organized in the UNL Ontology, in which high-level concepts are related to lower-level ones through the relations "icl" (= is a kind of), "iof" (= is an instance of) and "equ" (= is equal to).
Relations are intended to represent semantic links between words in every existing language. They can be ontological (such as "icl" and "iof," referred to above), logical (such as "and" and "or"), and thematic (such as "agt" = agent, "ins" = instrument, "tim" = time, "plc" = place, etc.). There are currently 46 relations in the UNL Specs. They jointly define the UNL syntax.
Attributes represent information that cannot be conveyed by UWs and relations. Normally, they represent information concerning time ("@past", "@future", etc.), reference ("@def", "@indef", etc.), modality ("@can", "@must", etc.), focus ("@topic", "@focus", etc.), and so on.
Within the UNL Program, the process of representing natural language sentences in UNL graphs is called UNLization, and the process of generating natural language sentences out of UNL graphs is called NLization. UNLization, which involves natural language analysis and understanding, is intended to be carried out semi-automatically (i.e., by humans with computer aids); and NLization is intended to be carried out fully automatically.
History
The UNL Programme started in 1996, as an initiative of the Institute of Advanced Studies of the United Nations University in Tokyo, Japan. In January 2001, the United Nations University set up an autonomous organization, the UNDL Foundation, to be responsible for the development and management of the UNL Programme. The foundation, a non-profit international organisation, has an independent identity from the United Nations University, although it has special links with the UN. It inherited from the UNU/IAS the mandate of implementing the UNL Programme so that it can fulfil its mission.
The programme has already crossed important milestones. The overall architecture of the UNL System has been developed with a set of basic software and tools necessary for its functioning. These are being tested and improved. A vast amount of linguistic resources from the various native languages already under development, as well as from the UNL expression, has been accumulated in the last few years. Moreover, the technical infrastructure for expanding these resources is already in place, thus facilitating the participation of many more languages in the UNL system from now on. A growing number of scientific papers and academic dissertations on the UNL are being published every year.
The most visible accomplishment so far is the recognition by the Patent Co-operation Treaty (PCT) of the innovative character and industrial applicability of the UNL, which was obtained in May 2002 through the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO). Acquiring the patents (US patents 6,704,700 and 7,107,206) for the UNL is a completely novel achievement within the United Nations.
See also
Semantic network
Abstract semantic graph
Semantic translation
Semantic unification
Abstract Meaning Representation
External links
UNLweb, the UNLweb portal
UNDL Foundation where UNL development is coordinated.
Online book on UNL
UNL system description
UNL Society
UNL in Bangladesh
UNL in Brazil
UNL in Egypt
UNL in France
UNL in Germany
UNL in India
UNL in Italy
UNL in Japan
UNL in Jordan
UNL in Latvia
UNL in Russia, Russian⇔UNL⇔English converter
UNL in Spain
UNL in Thailand
Knowledge representation languages
Computational linguistics
Machine translation
Translation
() is the second studio album by Swedish singer Benjamin Ingrosso, released on 15 January 2021 by TEN Music Group. Ingrosso's first album in Swedish, he is credited as a co-producer on every song. Dealing with themes of love, friendship, and childhood, Ingrosso described the album as an homage to 1990s pop, with influences from Orup, Mauro Scocco, and Lisa Nilsson. In mid-2020, Ingrosso was a contestant on the Swedish music reality series ; two of his covers from the series are included on the track listing, including "", originally by Nilsson. The lyrics of "" were taken from a poem by Swedish writer Barbro Lindgren. "", written when Ingrosso was 12–13 years old, was released as a single on 11 January 2021.
The album debuted at number one on the Swedish national albums chart published by the Swedish Recording Industry Association. A follow-up album, En gång i tiden (del 2), was released on 16 April 2021; En gång i tiden was subsequently listed as on some streaming services.
Critical reception
received mixed reviews from domestic music critics. In a review for , the album's modern pop sound was praised, but criticism was aimed at the vocals' use of Auto-Tune and the lyrics' lack of emotion. A reviewer for noted the memorable lyrics and nostalgic sound but found the album lacked a common theme. and Gaffa both highlighted Ingrosso's maturity in recording Swedish-language songs compared to his English-language debut in 2018, noting the more personal subject matter of their lyrics. A two-star review from praised Ingrosso's songwriting but felt that the album's tracks were "safe", unexciting, and not memorable.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of number-one singles and albums in Sweden
References
2021 albums
Benjamin Ingrosso albums
Pop albums by Swedish artists
Swedish-language albums
TEN Music Group albums
Arya College of Engineering is a technical institution located in suburbs of Jaipur. It is affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University and accredited by the National Board of Accreditation.
History
It was established in 2000 with collaboration form All India Arya Samajis Society of Higher & Technology Education. The group is currently being led by ....
Campus
The campus is spread in 25 acres of land at Kukas, Jaipur, Rajasthan.
The college has about 1500 computers equipped in various labs and lecture halls. It is also equipped with various other labs like PLC Lab, Experimental Grid station, Robotics Lab, Wind Tunnel, CNC Training Lab, Vibration Lab, Fluid Dynamics and I.C. Engine Labs
Departments
1. Artificial Intelligence & Data Science
2. Computer Engineering
3. Electronics & Communication Engineering
4. Electrical Engineering
5. Mechanical Engineering
6. Information Technology
7. MBA
References
Engineering colleges in Jaipur
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Arya Samaj
Educational institutions established in 1999
1999 establishments in Rajasthan
Arya Institute of Engineering and Technology (AIET) by College Funda
Petkov Nunatak (, ‘Petkov Nunatak' \pet-'kov 'nu-na-tak\) is the rocky hill rising to 905 m in the west part of Zavera Snowfield, in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica
The nunatak is named after Nikola Petkov (b. 1951), geologist at St. Kliment Ohridski base in 1995/96 and subsequent seasons, and program organizer of the Bulgarian Antarctic Institute.
Location
Petkov Nunatak is located at , which is 6.9 km southwest of Rayko Nunatak, 15.32 km north-northwest of Mount Wild, 2.73 km north of Huma Nunatak and 7.11 km east by north of Lobosh Buttress.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Petkov Nunatak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Petkov Nunatak. Copernix satellite image
Nunataks of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Roscoe C. McCulloch (1880–1958) was a U.S. Senator from Ohio from 1929 to 1930. Senator McCulloch may also refer to:
George McCulloch (1792–1861), Pennsylvania State Senate
Henry Eustace McCulloch (1816–1895), Texas State Senate
See also
Senator McCullough (disambiguation)
The PBA Tournament of Champions is one of the five major PBA (Professional Bowlers Association) bowling events. It is an invitational event and the only PBA Tour major that does not have any open field. All participants must meet qualifications to be invited.
History
The inaugural event, held by the PBA in 1962, featured all 25 PBA Tour title-holders to date, and was won by PBA Hall of Famer Joe Joseph, who had qualified for the tournament only four events prior. In 1965, the tournament featured all champions since the 1962 event, before officially becoming an annual event in 1966 (at that time featuring the most recent 48 tour champions).
From 1965 to 1993, Firestone Tire sponsored the Tournament of Champions. Since 1994, the Tournament of Champions has had a variety of sponsors, including General Tire, Brunswick, Dexter, H&R Block, Barbasol, Fire Lake Casino & Resort, and most recently Kia.
From 1965 until 1994, the tournament was contested at Riviera Lanes (now AMF Riviera Lanes) in Fairlawn, Ohio near the long-time Firestone World Headquarters in Akron, Ohio. From 2002 to 2007, the Tournament of Champions was contested in an arena setting at Mohegan Sun Arena, in Uncasville, Connecticut. The event was moved to Las Vegas, Nevada for the 2007–08 season, and was contested there through the 2011–12 season. The tournament returned to Riviera Lanes again in 2018.
The TOC is the only PBA major that is an "invitational" event. Prior to 2007–08, a bowler qualified for the Tournament of Champions by being one of the 32 most recent title winners on the regular PBA Tour. The list was expanded in 2008 to include some past winners of the TOC itself, even if they were no longer in the Top 32 most recent PBA winners. The 2009–10 TOC saw its first-ever female competitor, as a spot in the 2010 tournament was given to Kelly Kulick, winner of the inaugural PBA Women's World Championship in 2009. Kulick made sports history on January 24, 2010 as she defeated Mika Koivuniemi and Chris Barnes to become the first woman to win a title against men on the PBA Tour.
In 2011–12, the tournament allowed PBA Regional Tour winners for the first time, even if they had no titles on the PBA Tour, as long as they were PBA members at the time of their Regional title. These players participated in the initial "Champions" field qualifying to gain a spot in the "Elite" field. After 20 games of qualifying, a limited number of Champions field players earned entry into the Elite Field, which consisted of 54 bowlers total (a combination of past PBA Tour champions, top players in Champions field qualifying, plus the previous year's TOC champion). All Elite field players cashed a minimum of $2,500. After 16 more games in the Cashers' Round, the Top 24 (based on 36 total games) made the round-robin match play. The Top 4 match play qualifiers then made the live televised finals. Payouts for the TV finals were $250,000 for first, $100,000 for second, $50,000 for third and $40,000 for fourth. (See also: PBA Bowling Tour: 2010–11 season.) This format was retained for the 2011–12 season, albeit with reduced prize money.
For the 2018 season, the TOC format changed again. With a maximum starting field of 80, up to 70 spots are automatically given to entrants with a National PBA Tour title. If the number of entrants tops 70, the list is cut to the most recent title winners, although past winners of the TOC itself retain their automatic entry regardless of when the win occurred. Winners of a PBA Regional, PBA50 Tour, PBA50 Regional or PBA Women's Series title must bowl in an 8-game Pre Tournament Qualifier (PTQ) to earn one of the remaining spots in the opening field. A minimum of 10 spots are filled from the PTQ, but additional spots are made available if the number of automatic entrants is fewer than 70. In 2018, Matt O'Grady became the first player out of the PTQ (with no national PBA Tour titles) to win the Tournament of Champions.
Notable editions
In a notable opening match at the 1967 Tournament of Champions finals, Jack Biondolillo rolled the first-ever nationally televised 300 game. Biondolillo would only tally a 188 score in his next match (a victory), before being eliminated in his third match with a 172 score. Biondolillo's feat was not matched until 2015, when Sean Rash rolled the TOC's second televised perfect game in the second match of the stepladder finals. The tournament has also seen a pair of televised 299 games, by Don Johnson (1970) and Mika Koivuniemi (2011). The 2011 event also featured the lowest-ever game bowled in a nationally televised PBA event as well as the largest pin differential in a PBA match, when Koivuniemi defeated Tom Daugherty in the semifinals, 299–100.
The TOC is the only PBA major that all-time titles leader Walter Ray Williams Jr. has never won.
The 2010–11 Tournament of Champions took place January 16–22, 2011, and featured a $1 million purse and $250,000 first prize, making it the richest PBA tournament ever. The tournament had an all-new format that included a "Champions Field" and an "Elite Field." The Champions Field (maximum of 180 bowlers) included any past PBA champions with four or fewer titles, plus titlists on the PBA Regional Tour, PBA Women's Series tour, PBA Senior Tour and PBA Senior Regional Tour who were PBA members at the time of the titles. The Top 90 finishers after 14 qualifying games advanced to bowl against the Elite Field. The Elite Field included all 2010–11 exempt PBA players, any PBA Hall of Famer, any player listed in 2008 as one of the "50 Greatest PBA Players of the Last 50 Years," any PBA player with five or more PBA Tour titles or at least one PBA major title, plus the winners of the 2010 USBC Senior Masters, 2010 PBA Senior U.S. Open, 2010 Regional Players Invitational and 2010 Regional Players Championship. All entrants had to be full-fledged PBA members as of October 1, 2010.
Tournament Winners
2022 Event
The 2022 PBA Tournament of Champions was held February 22–27 at Riviera Lanes in Fairlawn, Ohio, with a pre-tournament qualifier (PTQ) on February 21. The starting field of 66 players included 58 past PBA Tour champions and eight PBA Regional Tour champions who were added out of the PTQ. The total prize fund was $322,000, with a $100,000 winner's share. The televised final on February 27 used a five-player stepladder format. England's Dominic Barrett won from the #2 seed position to take his ninth PBA Tour title and third major championship, defeating top seed Kristopher Prather in the final match. Having previously won the PBA World Championship (2013) and U.S. Open (2018), Barrett became the eighth triple crown winner in PBA history.
Prize Pool:
1. Dominic Barrett (Great Bentley, England) – $100,000
2. Kristopher Prather (Plainfield, Illinois) – $55,000
3. Shawn Maldonado (Sugar Land, Texas) – $30,000
4. Sean Rash (Montgomery, Illinois) – $20,000
5. Tommy Jones (Simpsonville, South Carolina) – $15,000
Past winners
Jason Thomas' "Top 10 Moments in T of C History"
In 2010, PBA.com writer Jason Thomas listed his Top 10 moments in the 48-year history of the Tournament of Champions.
#10 - Marshall Holman's Million-Dollar Win. Hall of Famer Marshall Holman became the third player in PBA history to top the $1 million mark in career earnings by winning the 1986 event.
#9 - George Branham III Wins Last Firestone. In 1993, George Branham III became the first (and so far only) African American winner in this tournament, as well as the last to win the tournament while it was sponsored by Firestone.
#8 - Weber Becomes Youngest to 10 Titles. With his win in the 1987 T of C, 24-year-old Pete Weber became the youngest PBA player ever to reach the 10-title plateau.
#7 - Earl Gets Title #30. Hall of Fame left-hander Earl Anthony became the first PBA player to reach 30 career titles with his win in the 1978 event. The legendary Dick Weber, who was in the ABC broadcast booth with Chris Schenkel because analyst Nelson Burton Jr. had made the TV finals, proclaimed Anthony the "undisputed King of Bowling" after the victory.
#6 - Bomb Scare. In 1991, the tournament was delayed 40 minutes due to a bomb threat, which turned out to be a hoax. David Ozio eventually won the title on his way to 1991 Player of the Year honors.
#5 - Rhino's 4-Count. Rhino Page, needing a 9-spare to defeat Patrick Allen after striking on the first ball in the 10th frame in the 2009 event, left an inexplicable 4-count. Missing wide left of target, Page's shot cut right between the 1 and 4 pins, leaving a bizarre 1-3-4-7-9-10 washout. Though he surprisingly made the spare, he lost to Allen, 267-263.
#4 - Michael Haugen Jr.'s Comeback. Having just qualified for the 2008 T of C earlier that season, Michael Haugen Jr. trailed Chris Barnes by 53 pins in the 5th frame of the final match, and was still down 41 pins entering the 9th frame. When Barnes missed a 10-pin in the 9th frame, Haugen responded with a strike in the 9th and two strikes plus nine pins in the 10th. Barnes rolled a spare in the 10th, and needed a strike on the fill ball to force extra frames. But Barnes left a 4-pin, giving Haugen a narrow 215-214 victory.
#3 - Couch's Three-Peat. In 2002, Jason Couch became just the second PBA Player to win the T of C three times (joining Mike Durbin) and the only one to do so in consecutive seasons.
#2 - Don Johnson's 299 Game. In perhaps the most iconic moment of the PBA's first 50 years, Hall of Famer Don Johnson had struck on the first nine balls of the final 1970 T of C match, but still needed a mark in the 10th frame to top Dick Ritger's 268 score. With millions watching on TV, Johnson coolly rolled the first two strikes in the 10th to lock up the title. With an additional $10,000 and a Mercury Cougar automobile on the line for a 300-game, Johnson packed his 12th shot but left a ringing 10-pin for a 299 game. The shot of Johnson lying face-down on the approach in disbelief has been replayed dozens of times on PBA telecasts.
#1 - Kelly Kulick's Historic Win. Up against enormous odds to become the first woman ever to win a standard PBA Tour event, it is hard to argue the historic value of Kelly Kulick's 2010 T of C win. Said Thomas, "her inspiring come-from-behind run on Friday evening to qualify for the telecast in second place was probably special enough to make this list. But her performance on Sunday, defeating Mika Koivuniemi and then Chris Barnes with a convincing 265 game in the final with millions watching (the telecast was the PBA's highest-rated show for the year), is a feat that will be remembered for as long as bowling is broadcast on TV."
50th Anniversary "Top Moments" Fan Voting
To commemorate the 50th Tournament of Champions in 2015, a fan poll was conducted to name their top moment in the tournament's history. The top five vote earners included some historic moments that have occurred since Thomas' list was published:
1. Kelly Kulick's win in 2010. (27%)
2. Pete Weber's 2X Triple Crown Win. (16%) Pete Weber's victory in the 2013 event made him the oldest player (50) to win the T of C, as well as the only player to win each event of the PBA's Triple Crown at least twice in a career.
3. Mika Koivuniemi Cashes a Record Winner's Share. (13%) The 2011 Tournament of Champions featured a $1 million purse and a $250,000 first prize (won by Mika Koivuniemi), making it the richest PBA tournament ever. Koivuniemi also won the most lopsided match in PBA finals history, defeating Tom Daugherty 299-100 in the semifinals.
T4. Don Johnson's 299 game in the 1970 final match. (8%)
T4. Jason Couch's three-peat win in 2002. (8%)
References
Sources
PBA.com site
Ten-pin bowling competitions in the United States
Golzar (, also Romanized as Golzār) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,451, in 1,354 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Spartanburg High School is the public high school in Spartanburg, South Carolina. It is part of Spartanburg County School District No. 7.
The current principal is Vance Jones, a former assistant principal at the school.
The district includes most of Spartanburg, as well as Ben Avon, Drayton, Whitney, most of Camp Croft, and portions of Arkwright, Hilltop, and Saxon.
History
Spartanburg High School began in 1897 when the Board of Trustees had erected the building known as the Converse Street High School. The faculty numbered 10 and the student body was less than 200.
In 1921 the Dean Street wing was added and the school was renamed in honor of Dr. Frank Evans, superintendent, and from 1922 to 1959, the high school was housed in the Frank Evans High School building on Dean Street. The building became a junior high school in 1959 when the new Spartanburg High School was built in its current location.
The school's football team until 1970 were known as Crimson Tide, and their colors were red and white. The basketball team prior to 1970 were known as the Red Birds.
In 1970, integration of public schools was forced by the federal courts, and Carver High School, the city's black high school, closed and was merged with Spartanburg High School, which chose a new team name, the Vikings, and new colors, blue and gold. The Carver campus was changed to a junior high school. A construction program at Spartanburg High School was begun immediately, and in the fall of 1974 D-wing was completed, adding 41 new classrooms, a new library-media center, and a new student center. In addition to D-wing, the A, B, and C wings were completely renovated and air-conditioned.
Since 1996, the campus has undergone many needed renovations. The athletic department facilities were remodeled and expanded to accommodate a growing program. E-wing houses facilities for JROTC, state-of-the-art information technology equipment classrooms, acoustically designed practice rooms, rehearsal rooms for chorus and orchestra, and a space for the band. An enclosed hallway links E-wing with the front lobby. Renovations were completed in 1999 for the science department A-wing, a new front entrance with an atrium, and a reconfigured front parking lot. In the fall of 2005, a state-of-the-art weight room and multi-purpose room was completed in the athletic department.
The New Spartanburg High School
In 2016, the residents of District 7 endorsed a bond measure to fulfill a number of projects designed to bring about significant advances for our school system. Among those was construction of the new Spartanburg High School at 2250 East Main Street, the former site of the Lan-Yair Country Club.
Constructed for a capacity of 2,500 students, the 189-acre site includes a 1,000-seat Fine Arts Center, a comprehensive athletic complex, a 7,500-seat athletic stadium, and a 2,500-seat arena.
Fine arts, health and wellness, student activity and athletic facilities support performances and athletic events.
An outdoor environmental classroom, designed with input and guidance from students, faculty, a renowned naturalist, and community partners was incorporated into the campus design along with walking trails, ponds, functional courtyards, and plazas.
The new Spartanburg High School is the ninth high school nationwide – and the only in South Carolina – to achieve Two Green Globes. This certification is awarded by the Green Building Initiative.
Notable alumni
Julie Story Byerley, Pediatrician and Vice Dean for Education for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine
Stephen Davis, football player
Art Fowler (1922–2007), pitcher and pitching coach in Major League Baseball
Steve Fuller, football player
Trey Gowdy, Republican U.S. Congressman representing from 2011 to 2019
Bud Moore, NASCAR team owner and member of the NASCAR Hall of Fame
Kris Neely, artist and educator
Trip Payne, puzzlemaker
Anthony Simmons, football player
Laura Story, contemporary Christian music singer-songwriter
General William Westmoreland, commanding general during the Vietnam War
Wayne Tolleson, former baseball player
References
External links
Spartanburg High School
Spartanburg County School District No. 7
Public high schools in South Carolina
Schools in Spartanburg County, South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Spartanburg, South Carolina
Diastoporidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cyclostomatida.
Genera:
Bidiastopora
Clinopora Marsson, 1887
Discosparsa d'Orbigny, 1853
Fascipora d'Orbigny, 1853
Microecia
References
Bryozoan families
David Ó Brácáin OCist was a bishop in Ireland during the 13th-century.
The brother of Nehemias Ó Brácáin, his see was greatly reduced during his episcopate. He died in 1267 and was buried at Mellifont Abbey.
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1267 deaths
Irish Cistercians
The Bank of Cape Verde () is Cape Verde's central bank. Its headquarter is located on Avenida Amílcar Cabral, in the national capital of Praia on the island of Santiago. Its current governor is João António Pinto Coelho Serra, who is in office since December 2014.
Governors
Corentino Santos, 1975-1984
Amaro da Luz, 1984-1991
Oswaldo Sequeira, 1991-1999
Olavo Correia, 1999-2004
Carlos Burgo, 2004-2014
João Serra, 2014-
History
The government established the Bank of Cape Verde in 1975, as a bank that combined commercial banking and central banking functions. The government created the bank by nationalizing the operations of the Portuguese colonial and overseas bank, Banco Nacional Ultramarino, which had established its first branch in Cape Verde in 1865. In 1993, the government split off the commercial banking functions into the newly established Banco Comercial do Atlântico.
See also
Economy of Cape Verde
References
External links
Official website of the Banco do Cabo Verde
Cape Verde
Banks of Cape Verde
1975 establishments in Cape Verde
Banks established in 1975
Praia
The Secrets of Love are an adaptation of Jane Austen's 1811 novel Sense and Sensibility. It was written by Rosie Rushton and published by Piccadilly Press Ltd. in 2005. The book had a total of 176 pages and was published as a young adult book. The book is a 21st century adaption of Jane Austen's famous work, Sense and Sensibility.
Plot summary
The Dashwood sisters, Ellie, Abby and Georgie go to London to visit their father, Max Dashwood, who is divorced to their mother. After spending the day in the dungeons, they go to father's new flat, where he lives with Pandora, his new wife. They meet Blake Goodman – Pandora's nephew. Georgie gets a birthday present and the girls come back to Brighton. Abby goes to the XS club, but she tells everyone she's going to the hospital because her boyfriend had an accident. Her mother discovers it and won't let Abby go out with friends for a month.
Few days later, Blake calls Ellie and tells her that Max is in the hospital. Ellie, Abby and their mother, Julia, go to London to visit Mr. Dashwood. Unfortunately, he dies and Abby blames Pandora of killing her dad. Pandora blames Julia, but ladies explain everything and talk about funeral details.
Georgie comes back home (she was at the zorbing session, which was present from Tom) and she's really upset. Few days later Max's lawyer comes to Holly House and tells Julia that she and her daughters have to move out, because the house is Pandora's property. Davina, Julia's mother, arrives to Holly House and tells her daughter that, they can move to Norfolk to her grandma's house.
Abby discovers that, in Norfolk there are no clubs, discos and cinemas. She meets a girl called Chloe at school and they become friends. Chloe brings Abby for a concert of a local group and they meet Nick Mayes, who falls in love with Abby. Unfortunately, Chloe has a crush on Nick so Abby doesn't want to hurt her feelings by going out with him, even though she likes Nick.
One day, Abby meets Hunter Meade-Holman - son of local politician. She falls in love with him and they become a couple after few days. Nick doesn't want to look at Abby kissing Hunter and tells her about it. She doesn't care about him. Once, Hunter takes Abby out and offers to go to his house. He wants to make love with her, but Abby doesn't agree. Hunter breaks up with her and Abby comes back home on foot. Luckily, Nick finds her and she tells him about everything.
Ellie's private life is complicated, too. Blake's got a girlfriend, Lucy, whose grandma is ill and he can't break up with her. But he doesn't see any problems with kissing Ellie, who doesn't like his games. Ellie doesn't want to hear Blake's explanations, but Davina makes things worse - she wants Ellie to meet Lucy.
Georgie has a new friend - Adam. He seems to have a crush on Georgie. They are working together on a party - they're waiters. Before starting their work, Adam talks with Georgie. Georgie suspects that Adam is ill but then he kisses her and she forgets to ask him.
Ellie works at the bar. She overhears Blake talk to Piers, his friend. She treats Blake very frostily when he comes to the bar.
Hunter comes back for a party and he brings his new girlfriend, Fiona, with him. Abby sees it and tells Fiona that she's Hunter's girlfriend. She's very angry and she hits Fiona with her bag and runs away to the parking lot. She's got Nick's keys and she decides to get into the car and go home. Abby can't handle driving a car. Suddenly, she becomes unconscious. Her family and Nick go to the hospital. Next day, Abby talks to Nick, who tells her about his feelings and kisses her. Abby talks to Chloe, who has a boyfriend now - Ryan.
Abby goes out with Nick. She can't walk, so the boy brings a wheelchair for her. They go to the harbour and they see Georgie and Tom, who came to Norfolk to visit his friend. Georgie tells her sister that she and Tom are together. Ellie talks to Blake, who came back from Hong Kong (he was going to go to Australia with Lucy, but he came back). He kisses her and tells Ellie that he loves her. Then, he shows her portrait of Dashwood family: Max, Julia, Ellie, Abby and Georgie and offers her to come to Holly House.
Characters
Elinor "Ellie" Dashwood - the eldest daughter of Max and Julia Dashwood. She's 17 years old. She's practical and shy. She's in love with Blake Goodman and wants to study law.
Abigail "Abby" Dashwood - She's 16 years old. She's a wannabe actress. She's Ellie's and Georgie's sister and is in love with Nick but she can't go out with him because her best friend, Chloe, has a crush on him.
Georgina "Georgie" Dashwood - She's 13 and the youngest sister of Ellie and Abby. She's a tomboy. Her best friend is Tom, but Adam has a crush on her. Adam kisses her.
Julia Dashwood - Ellie's, Abby's and Georgie's mother. She's divorced and now lives with her daughters in Norfolk.
Maximilian Dashwood - Ellie's, Abby's and Georgie's father. Julia's ex-husband. He married Pandora, but he died of a heart attack.
Pandora Dashwood - Max's new wife. She lives in Holly House now.
Davina Stretton - Julia's mother.
Blake Goodman - Pandora's nephew. He's in love with Ellie. He wants to be an artist.
Nick Mayes - Abby's boyfriend.
Adam - Georgie's new friend. He's in love with her.
Tom Eastment – Georgie's friend from Brighton.
Hunter Meade-Holman - politician's son. He wanted Abby to make love with him, but she didn't agree.
Piers Frondyce - Blake's friend. He's Lucy's new boyfriend.
Lucy - Blake's ex-girlfriend.
Fiona - Hunter's new girlfriend.
Mrs. Eastment -Tom's mum.
Chloe - Abby's new friend. She's Ryan's girlfriend.
Ryan - Chloe's boyfriend.
Samantha Carter - Chloe and Abby's friend.
Eveline Passmore - principal of Dashwood sisters' old school.
Fergus Mortimer - a boy, who invited Abby to XS club.
Melissa Peck - a girl, who was Abby's rival (she wanted to be Fergus' girlfriend).
Phoebe - Abby's friend from Brighton.
British young adult novels
2005 British novels
Novels by Rosie Rushton
Novels set in Norfolk
Sense and Sensibility
"Just Can't Get Enough" is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was their third single, released on 7 September 1981, a month before the release of their debut studio album, Speak & Spell. It was recorded during the summer of that year at Blackwing Studios, and was the band's first single to be released in the United States, on 18 February 1982. A riff-driven synth-pop song, "Just Can't Get Enough" was the final single to be written by founding member Vince Clarke, who left the band in November 1981.
The single version of "Just Can't Get Enough" is the same version that appears on the UK version of Speak & Spell. The 12-inch single featured a "Schizo Mix", which is an extended version with additional synth parts adding a sinister feel to the track. This version appears on the US version of Speak & Spell, the UK re-release of Speak & Spell, the re-release of The Singles 81→85 and Remixes 81–04.
In addition, the single's B-side, "Any Second Now", was the first commercially available Depeche Mode instrumental. It is included on the UK re-release of Speak & Spell. A version including vocals (the first Depeche Mode vocals to be handled by Martin Gore) appeared on the album as "Any Second Now (Voices)". There is also an extended version, the "Altered" Mix. In the United States, the B-side is "Tora! Tora! Tora!". On the album, "Tora! Tora! Tora!" is crossfaded with the previous track, "Photographic", but on the single, the introduction is clean.
The single reached number 8 on the UK Singles Chart and number 26 on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart, making it their highest-charting single at the time on both counts. It also became the band's first (and biggest) hit in Australia, reaching number 4.
Music video
The "Just Can't Get Enough" video, directed by Clive Richardson, was the band's first, and is the only video by the band which includes Vince Clarke.
The exterior scenes in the video are filmed at The Southbank Centre that is, the undercroft and a now demolished stairway at the eastern corner of the Royal Festival Hall.
Track listings
7": Mute / 7Mute16 (UK)
"Just Can't Get Enough"– 3:45
"Any Second Now"– 3:08
12": Mute / 12Mute16 (UK)
"Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" – 6:46
"Any Second Now (Altered)" – 5:43
CD: Mute / CDMute16 (D)1
"Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" – 6:46
"Any Second Now (Altered)" – 5:43
"Just Can't Get Enough (7" Version)" – 3:45
CD: Mute / CDMute16 (UK)2
"Just Can't Get Enough"– 3:45
"Any Second Now"– 3:08
"Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" – 6:46
"Any Second Now (Altered)"– 5:43
7": Sire / 50029-7 (US)
"Just Can't Get Enough" – 3:45
"Tora! Tora! Tora! (Single Version)" – 4:17
CD: Sire / 40291-2 (US)2
"Just Can't Get Enough"– 3:45
"Any Second Now"– 3:08
"Just Can't Get Enough (Schizo Mix)" – 6:46
"Any Second Now (Altered)"– 5:43
Notes
1: CD released in 1988
2: CD released in 1991
All songs written by Vince Clarke except for "Tora! Tora! Tora! (Single Version)", written by Martin Gore.
Live versions
The song was played live on almost every Depeche Mode tour and various live versions have been released on live albums and concert videos or as B-sides over the years. The schizo mix live version recorded at the London Hammersmith Odeon on October 25 in 1982 that is featured on the 1983 Love in Itself 2 and Live Tracks 12" single became a hit in the Netherlands and Belgium in its own right in 1985. It was never released as a single A-side, but was played extensively on Radio Veronica by DJs Erik de Zwart, Jeroen van Inkel and Adam Curry, and allowed to enter the Dutch and Belgian charts, making the Top 10 (even though the Love in Itself 2 and live tracks 12" officially did not qualify for the singles chart, as it was labelled a mini-album).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
The Saturdays version
"Just Can't Get Enough" was covered by English-Irish girl group the Saturdays. It was one of the official Comic Relief singles for 2009.
Chart performance
On 8 March 2009, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number two, where it peaked, being beaten by Flo Rida's "Right Round" after being at number one in the midweek count, thus being the first Comic Relief single not to chart at number one in 14 years. However, it gave the Saturdays their highest chart placing at the time, outpeaking and outselling the original track, plus it marked their fourth consecutive top ten hit in the UK. The success of this single was later matched by "Forever Is Over" and beaten by "What About Us". In Scotland, the song reached number one for a week, becoming their highest-charting single on that chart alongside "What About Us". In 2010, it received a Silver certification from the BPI for sales exceeding 200,000 copies.
Music video
The music video premiered on MSN on 9 February 2009. The video shows each girl singing in a mock-'50s pin-up calendar and uses a different edit of the song, known as the "Video Mix", than the single version. It was directed by Harvey B-Brown.
Track listing
CD single(Released 2 March 2009)
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Radio Mix) – 3:08
"Golden Rules" – 3:50
Digital single(Released 1 March 2009)
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Radio Mix) – 3:08
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Video Mix) – 3:19
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Wideboys Club Mix) – 5:08
"Just Can't Get Enough" video – 3:32 iTunes Edition Only
Revamped Version
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Radio Mix) – 3:08
"Golden Rules" – 3:50
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Video Mix) – 3:19
"Just Can't Get Enough" (Wideboys Club Mix) – 5:08
Usage in media
1995, Ovalteenies commercial
1999, GAP commercial
2003, Hyundai commercial
2006, H&M Commercial
2011, promotional commercials for the film Crazy, Stupid, Love.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Usage in association football
In 2009, the song was adapted as a football chant by fans of Celtic F.C., specifically the Green Brigade fans.
In an interview with football website Goal.com, Depeche Mode keyboardist Andrew Fletcher commented on the use of the song by Celtic fans: "We feel honoured that the Celtic faithful are chanting our songs and are touched by it. The best thing is that they know the entire lyrics."
The football chant was also sung by Thai children from the Good Child Foundation also known as the Thai Tims, made up of children with Down syndrome. The song had been taught to them by Reamonn Gormley, a young Celtic youth team player and avid Celtic fan from Blantyre who had gone to Thailand as a volunteer English language teacher for Good Child Foundation and would use English songs to teach English to them, including, amongst others, Celtic chants. Gormley was stabbed to death upon his return to Blantyre on 1 February 2011. He was just 19. The Thai Tims' videotaped tribute version of "Just Can't Get Enough" citing "Reamonn [Gormley], Jinky Johnstone and Tommy Burns will be smiling down from heaven on all of us" went viral. In memory of Reamonn Gormley, Celtic FC and Celtic Charity Fund released it as a charity single on 8 May 2011 with proceeds going to the Good Child Foundation in Thailand and Crime Stoppers in Scotland. It reached number 30 on the UK Singles Chart and number two on the Scottish Singles Chart.
As it grew in popularity, the song was adapted by fans of other football teams. The first team to adapt it was then English Championship side (now Premier League) Burnley in January 2011. In February 2011, starting with the 3–2 home win over Aston Villa, then Premier League club Bolton Wanderers used the song when they scored a goal at the Reebok Stadium. Also in February 2011, Liverpool supporters adopted the song as a tribute and encouragement for the club's new Uruguayan attacker Luis Suárez. Asked about the Liverpool supporters' adoption of the song, Depeche Mode's Andrew Fletcher, in spite of being a supporter of rival club Chelsea, acknowledged their creativeness: "It's breathtaking to see the enthusiasm in the stands when they're chanting the song." Finally, he explained that bandmate David Gahan also followed Chelsea, while Martin L. Gore is a fan of Arsenal.
During their 2021-22 promotion-winning campaign, Nottingham Forest played the track at the end of each home win, with the song becoming a popular celebration anthem amongst Forest fans.
Usage in politics
A play on the title of the song, "I Just Khan't Get Enough", is often used by the Labour Party to promote Sadiq Khan, Mayor of London since 2016.
References
Bibliography
</ref>
External links
Single information from the official Depeche Mode web site
AllMusic review
1981 songs
1981 singles
2009 singles
Celtic F.C. songs
Comic Relief singles
Depeche Mode songs
Mute Records singles
Number-one singles in Scotland
Polydor Records singles
The Saturdays songs
Song recordings produced by Daniel Miller
Songs written by Vince Clarke
UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles
Bojnu-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Bojnū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bojnū) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 456, in 108 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Tartar Island is a small (13 ha), ice-free, oval-shaped island long, lying north-west of Round Point, off the north coast of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for the sealing vessel Tartar (Captain Pottinger) from London, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1821–22.
Important Bird Area
The island has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a breeding colony of about 18,000 pairs of chinstrap penguins.
See also
List of Antarctic and subantarctic islands
References
Islands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Amaranthe is a Swedish metal band originally known as Avalanche. The band is notable for their blend of various metal genres and having three lead vocalists.
History
Formed by Olof Mörck (Dragonland, Nightrage) and Joacim "Jake E" Lundberg (Dreamland, Dream Evil) in 2008, the project began taking shape when singers Elize Ryd (toured with Kamelot) and Andreas Solveström (Cipher System, Within Y) signed on, as did drummer Morten Løwe Sørensen (The Cleansing, Koldborn, Mercenary). Bassist Johan Andreassen (Engel) joined after the photoshoot for the Leave Everything Behind demo but before the recording of the first album Amaranthe. The band was originally called Avalanche until May 2009, when they were forced to change their name due to legal issues. The members chose to rename the band Amaranthe. They later released their first demo, Leave Everything Behind.
The band's debut album, Amaranthe, was released in April 2011 and reached a peak position of 35th on Swedish charts and 16th on Finnish Charts. Their second album, The Nexus, was released in March 2013. Guitarist Olof Mörck described the album as having greater contrasts, a more controversial mix of genres, and featuring more creative freedoms than Amaranthe. According to Olof, the band "took everything [up] to eleven" in the new album. The album reached 6th on Swedish charts, 4th on Finnish charts, and reached a peak of 12th on the US Heatseekers charts.
In October 2013, harsh vocalist Solveström left the band and was replaced by Henrik Englund Wilhelmsson (Scarpoint). Their third album, Massive Addictive, was released on 21 October 2014. A special compilation Breaking Point - B-sides 2011-2015 was released on 30 October 2015. It consists of b-sides and bonus tracks from Amaranthe's career. Their fourth album, Maximalism, was released on 21 October 2016.
In November 2016, male clean vocalist Jake E announced that he would take a break from the band. In February 2017, the band confirmed that he was permanently leaving. In March 2017, he joined CyHra. In July 2017, Amaranthe stated on their Facebook page that Nils Molin of Dynazty would join the band as their permanent vocalist, after filling in for Jake E on tour dates.
On 10 August 2018, they released their new single, "365", from their new album Helix, which itself was released on 19 October. At that time, they wrote and performed the credits theme song to the 12 oz. Mouse special "INVICTUS".
On 16 October 2019, they announced that they had signed with Nuclear Blast Records.
On 3 January 2020, the band released their rendition of Sabaton's "82nd All the Way", originally taken from Sabaton's 2019 studio album The Great War.
On 13 February 2020, the band released the single "Do or Die", which features former Arch Enemy-vocalist Angela Gossow on growling vocals and Arch Enemy-guitarist Jeff Loomis on the guitar solo. The official music video, which was filmed in Spain, was released the next day. In the music video's description, the band's label Nuclear Blast announced that their sixth studio album would be released in September 2020.
On 5 March 2020, the band released the music video for "Endlessly", originally from the album Maximalism. The video was directed, filmed and edited by Duminciuc Bogdan and is actually the documentation of the Transylvanian wedding between guitarist Olof Mörck and his wife Cătălina Popa (the flutist from the German symphonic metal band Haggard), which took place on 19 July 2019 at Sungarden, Cluj-Napoca, Romania.
Amaranthe released their sixth studio album, titled Manifest, on 2 October 2020. The first single 'Viral' was released on 26 June 2020, followed by a second single, 'Strong,' on 14 August 2020, and 'Archangel' as the third single on 18 September 2020.
In December 2021, Amaranthe released a single called "PvP". The track was written as the official anthem for the Swedish E-Sports world cup team at the E-Sports world championship. The single was accompanied by a music video and a Browser game, hosted on the band's website.
On 8 June 2022, Wilhelmsson announced his exit from the band, saying that he wished to spend more time with his family and began to dislike touring over the years. He also said that he was planning on releasing solo material in the near future. The band announced they would be joined by two special guests as his replacements at their summer shows of that year.
Musical style
Even as their body of work grows, where exactly Amaranthe's music fits into the heavy metal sphere remains notoriously undefined. Band members, websites, and critics have referred to the band and their albums as various different genres such as pop metal, melodic death metal, metalcore, power metal, symphonic metal, death metal, heavy metal, and alternative metal.
Band members
Current members
Olof Mörck – guitars, keyboards, synthesizers (2008–present), bass (2008–2009)
Elize Ryd – female clean vocals (2008–present)
Morten Løwe Sørensen – drums (2008–present)
Johan Andreassen – bass (2010–present)
Nils Molin – male clean vocals (2017–present)
Former members
Andreas Solveström – harsh vocals (2008–2013)
Joacim "Jake E" Lundberg – male clean vocals (2008–2017)
Henrik "GG6" Englund Wilhelmsson – harsh vocals (2013–2022)
Former touring members
Antony Hämäläinen – harsh vocals (2012)
Anna-Mia Bonde – female clean vocals (2011)
Richard Sjunnesson – harsh vocals (2011–2012; 2022)
Olle Ekman – harsh vocals (2015)
Alexander Strandell – male clean vocals (2016)
Chris Adam Hedman Sörbye – male clean vocals (2016–2017)
Samy Elbanna - harsh vocals (2022–present)
Timeline
Discography
Amaranthe (2011)
The Nexus (2013)
Massive Addictive (2014)
Maximalism (2016)
Helix (2018)
Manifest (2020)
References
External links
2009 establishments in Sweden
Swedish melodic death metal musical groups
Swedish metalcore musical groups
Swedish power metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2009
Musical groups from Gothenburg
Thomas Hawkins Hanson, Sr. (1750–1812) was a planter from Maryland. He was born in Maryland to Samuel and Anne Hanson. Hanson served as a captain in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He married a widow, Rebecca (Dulaney) Addison, and the couple lived at Oxon Hill Manor in Prince George's County, Maryland.
Hanson was a nephew of John Hanson, a Maryland planter and public official who served as President of the Continental Congress. John Hanson died at Oxon Hill Manor during a visit there
References
1750 births
1812 deaths
Continental Army officers from Maryland
Jack Diprose (12 October 1905 – 12 October 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1905 births
2002 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Prahran Football Club players
John Solomon (born May 23, 1970) is an American comedian and writer.
Biography
Solomon was born in Omaha, Nebraska, but grew up in Huntington Beach, California. He started his comedy career as an improv comedy performer at The Groundlings in Los Angeles.
Solomon wrote for Saturday Night Live from 2006 to 2014, serving as co-writing supervisor in his final season. He is the writing partner of comedian Will Forte, collaborating on the screenplay for MacGruber, and working together on Extreme Movie. He was a director, writer and producer for the television series The Last Man on Earth.
External links
1970 births
Living people
Male actors from California
American male comedians
American male screenwriters
American television writers
People from Huntington Beach, California
American male television writers
Comedians from California
Screenwriters from California
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American male writers
Hospital de Santa Marta (, "Saint Martha's Hospital") is a public Central Hospital serving the Greater Lisbon area as part of the Central Lisbon University Hospital Centre (CHULC), a state-owned enterprise.
Originally a Poor Clares nunnery, it became one of the country's main schools of Internal Medicine during most of the 20th century; more recently, it became especially differentiated in Cardiology and Cardiothoracic Surgery: it is one of the main reference centres on the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular disease in Portugal.
History
In 1569, at the request of Father António de Monserrate, the representative of the Jesuits of São Roque, King Sebastian authorised the establishment of an asylum (Recolhimento) for the daughters of the victims of the , under the patronage of Saint Martha. Years later, after Cardinal-King Henry had ascended to the throne, the priests of São Roque requested the asylum be converted into a nunnery; on 23 September 1577, Pope Gregory XIII authorises the establishment of the convent, which was to follow the Rule of Saint Clare. Archbishop Jorge de Almeida formally established the convent in 1583: the community's founders were three nuns from the Convent of Saint Clare in Santarém, soon to be joined by other Clares from the Convent of Our Lady of Hope in Lisbon and the Clares of Estremoz.
The pre-existing buildings, sold to the religious community in 1571, were adapted into a church and monastery designed by Nicolau de Frias and António Correia, respectively. The new church was built in the Mannerist style from 1612, and construction finished only in 1636. The impressive collection of 17th and 18th century azulejos that can still today be admired in the Hospital (around the mostly unadultered cloister) date from this time. Notably, in 1693, when Catherine of Braganza, Queen Dowager of England, was living in the adjoining Palace of the Count of Redondo, she had a tribune opened over the main chapel to attend Mass; the tribune was walled shut when the Queen left to live at Bemposta Palace.
In 1755, the convent suffered great damage during the earthquake that almost totally destroyed Lisbon; the nuns were forced to live in tents outside the building while restoration works were carried out. This notwithstanding, Santa Marta was one of eleven (out of sixty-five) convents that remained inhabitable.
In 1833, following the Portuguese Civil War, the liberal government decreed the dissolution of the monasteries; unlike their male counterparts, female convents (such as Santa Marta) were allowed to remain open until the death of their last nun — which in the case of Santa Marta, happened on 15 December 1887; shortly afterwards, the building and all assets were nationalised.
In 1890, the building was converted into an ad hoc hospital facility in response to a flu epidemic. In 1903, the building was put under the direct responsibility of the Ministry of the Kingdom, and it became part of the city's main hospital centre, then collectively known as "Saint Joseph's Hospital and Annexes" (Hospital de São José e Anexos) and from 1913, called the "Civil Hospitals of Lisbon" (Hospitais Civis de Lisboa, HCL). In 1905–1908, it underwent profound renovation works, overseen by engineer Luís de Melo, to make it suitable as an hospital for venereal diseases: it now had a total of 700 beds, an operating room, a morgue, and an outpatient clinic; fully equipped with a lift and electric light. In 1910, it was renamed "Hintze Ribeiro Hospital", and it became affiliated with the Lisbon Medical-Surgical School; in 1911, following the 5 October 1910 revolution, it was renamed "Lisbon Faculty of Medicine Teaching Hospital" (Hospital Escolar da Faculdade de Medicina de Lisboa"); only in 1922 did it receive administrative and financial autonomy. In 1953, the recently built Saint Mary's Hospital became the city's teaching hospital.
The Hospital was significantly remodeled in the late 1950s, successively expanded with new Cardiology and Cardiothoracic Surgery wards, as well as, in 1971, a new adjoining building housing the outpatient clinic and administrative services.
References
External links
Official site
1890 establishments
Hospitals in Lisbon
Claude Anshin Thomas (born 1947) is an American Zen Buddhist monk and Vietnam War veteran. He is an international speaker, teacher and writer, and an advocate of non-violence. Thomas was brought to Buddhism by Vietnamese Zen Buddhist teacher Thich Nhat Hanh, and was ordained in 1995 by Tetsugen Bernard Glassman of the Zen Peacemaker Order. Thomas teaches Buddhist meditation practice and dharma to the public through social projects, talks, and retreats. Since 1994, Thomas has walked on peace pilgrimages throughout Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and the United States. While walking, Thomas carries no money, and begs for food and shelter in the mendicant monk tradition. He is the author of At Hell's Gate: A Soldier's Journey from War to Peace (2004) and founder of the Zaltho Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to ending violence.
Early life
Thomas was born in November 1947 in Pennsylvania and grew up in the town of Waterford. His father was a teacher and World War II veteran, and his mother worked as a barmaid, waitress, and house cleaner. His grandfather was a World War I veteran and one of his great-grandfathers fought in the Spanish–American War. Thomas experienced an abusive childhood; his mother physically abused him in his home, and his father was emotionally distant. In one incident, his mother threw him down a flight of stairs, and in another his father severely beat him. His relatives spoke glowingly about their war experiences, talking about it as a great adventure and influencing the young Thomas. When he was 11, his parents separated. Thomas began studying Korean style Karate (Hapkido) at the age of 14; His teacher worked closely with him and practiced a secular form of Zen that did not include the teachings of the Buddha.
In school, Thomas was a competitive athlete and was influenced by the warrior mentality he found on the playing field. He was influenced by Hollywood movies, which sold him on the idea of going to war. Thomas was offered an athletic scholarship to attend college, but turned it down when his father convinced him he was not ready for college and was afraid he would drop out. Thomas would often steal cars for joyriding and lived by his own rules. After graduating from high school in 1965 he joined the U.S. Army, and later with his father's permission, he volunteered to serve in Vietnam at the age of 17.
Vietnam War service
From September 1966 to November 1967, Thomas served as a helicopter crew chief in the Vietnam War. He began as a door gunner with the 90th Replacement Battalion in Long Binh and was next assigned to the 116th Assault Helicopter Company in Phu Loi, where he began using the M60 machine gun. On one ground patrol, Thomas and four other men in his unit were fired upon by men dressed as Buddhist monks carrying weapons beneath their robes. All five soldiers were wounded and three died.
As a soldier, Thomas killed several hundred Vietnamese people. The helicopter crews he worked on made bets among themselves on which soldiers could kill the most enemy troops. Thomas survived being shot down five times. On the fifth occasion, in mid-1967, he was shot down in the Mekong Delta. The pilot and commander were killed and the gunner and Thomas were wounded. Thomas was injured in the shoulder and face, and broke his jaw, cheekbones, ribs and neck, and split his sternum. Thomas received 25 Air Medals, the equivalent of 625 combat hours, and the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Purple Heart military decorations.
Return to U.S.
Thomas was returned to the U.S. and spent nine months in physical therapy recovering from his shoulder injury at the Ireland Army Community Hospital in Fort Knox, Kentucky. He was released from the hospital and honorably discharged from the Army on August 23, 1968. Thomas returned to a country that still supported the war, but many employers would not hire veterans, and he had difficulty finding a job. He carried a gun everywhere, and slept with one for protection. He tried to forget about the war, and did not speak much about it, but he could not stop thinking about it. "Everywhere I looked there was the war." Thomas got married and enrolled at Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania where he studied English Education, but soon found himself homeless, unemployed and addicted to drugs and alcohol. He spent several spells in jail, and tried to cope with the symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Images of the war replayed themselves in his mind, leading to the disintegration of his marriage and the abandonment of his wife and son.
PTSD made it difficult to sleep, and at night he would relive his memories of the war. For two years, Thomas lived in a burned-out car in the Strip District in Pittsburgh. He began traveling outside the U.S. in 1970, and in 1974, Thomas bought a one-way ticket from London to Iran, and later returned to the U.S. In the early 1980s, Thomas worked as a counselor for the Veteran's Outreach Center in Boston.<ref>The Hour (1982-02-25)</ref> In 1983, Thomas successfully completed drug rehabilitation in New Hampshire, and stopped carrying a gun in 1984 because he no longer felt it kept him safe. Although he had studied and taught martial arts for 27 years, he realized that martial arts was contributing to the "seeds of violence", and he stopped his involvement in 1989. Thomas later received a master's degree from Lesley College in Management and reconciled with his son.
Buddhism
In the beginning of the 1990s, Thomas was residing in Concord, Massachusetts. Confined to his home and afraid to go outside, Thomas experienced the symptoms of severe PTSD. When he did leave, jets flying overhead would make him think he was under attack. If he went grocery shopping, he would imagine that the canned goods were booby-trapped. To deal with these feelings, he began working with a social worker in Cambridge, who recommended visiting a retreat for Vietnam veterans run by Thich Nhat Hanh, a Vietnamese Buddhist monk. Thomas traveled to Rhinebeck, New York, to attend a retreat at the Omega Institute. Several months later, a nun invited Thomas to Plum Village Monastery in France to work directly with the Vietnamese community. Thich Nhat Hanh invited Thomas to become a monk in 1992, but Thomas refused because he was not ready. Actor and Zen Buddhist Michael O'Keefe introduced Thomas to Tetsugen Bernard Glassman in 1994. While participating in a peace pilgrimage in Auschwitz, Thomas took sixteen vows as a Zen Peacemaker from Glassman on December 6 at the Birkenau extermination camp. During the ceremony, Glassman gave Thomas two new names: Anshin ("Heart of Peace") and Angyo ("Peacemaker"). Less than a year later, Glassman ordained Thomas as a Zen Buddhist monk in the Japanese Soto and Rinzai Zen tradition in Yonkers, New York, on August 6, 1995.
Writing
Thomas began publishing essays, poetry, and books about his experience as a veteran and Buddhist after combining mindfulness meditation and writing, a practice he learned at the Veterans Writing Workshop organized by author Maxine Hong Kingston. In 1996, he wrote an essay called "Finding Peace after a Lifetime of War", which was published in a collection of works about Engaged Buddhism by Parallax Press. His poems were published in 1997 as part of the poetry collection, What book!? Buddha Poems from Beat to Hiphop, and in 2004, Shambhala Publications released his first book, At Hell's Gate: A Soldier's Journey from War to Peace. In Italy, At Hell's Gate was published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore as Una volta ero un soldato – Dall'orrore del Vietnam all'incontro con il Buddhismo. In 2006, selected work by Thomas was included in Kingston's Veterans of War, Veterans of Peace, a collection of stories by veterans who attended Kingston's workshops.
Pilgrimages
Thomas organizes and participates in international peace pilgrimages. Clothed in only robes and carrying no money, Thomas leads groups of Buddhists who travel between towns begging for food and lodging, a practice known as takuhatsu. This practice of generosity is rooted in the Buddhist virtue called dāna, the first of the ten pāramitās''. Buddhists like Thomas are trying to keep the practice of dāna alive, as they believe that the act of giving benefits those who give. Since 1994, Thomas has walked on peace pilgrimages.
Auschwitz to Vietnam
In December 1994, Sasamori Shonin and other Japanese Nichiren Buddhist monks helped organize and lead a meeting of 200 people at Auschwitz for The Interfaith Pilgrimage for Peace and Life., an eight-month peace march from Auschwitz to Hiroshima, which was timed to coincide with the fiftieth anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the liberation of the Auschwitz concentration camp. Thomas helped lead the peace pilgrimage that would allow him to "bear witness to major sites of war and violence" through 27 countries in Eastern Europe and Asia. The pilgrimage continued to Vienna, Croatia, Hungary, Serbia, Romania, Bulgaria, Greece, the West Bank, Gaza, Israel, Jordan, Iraq, India, Malaysia, Thailand, Cambodia, and Vietnam, where Thomas was accompanied by his son. Because of the distances to be covered, closed borders and government restrictions, the group was unable to walk on occasions and had traveled by alternative means. Reflecting on the march, Thomas writes:
On the pilgrimage from Auschwitz to Vietnam, I went to practice peace, to be peace, but I was not walking expressly for peace. If I have some preconceived notion of what peace is, I might never be able to participate in it. Peace is not an idea, peace is not a political movement, not a theory or a dogma. Peace is a way of life: living mindfully in the present moment, breathing, enjoying each breath. Peace becomes. It is fresh and new with every moment.
New York to California
In 1998, Thomas and group of Zen Buddhists walked from New York to California in the tradition of mendicant monks. When they arrived in a new town, they would visit local religious organizations and ask them for a place to sleep and eat. If the answer was no, they would sleep outside and go hungry. The group covered an average distance of between and a day with large packs on their backs. They encountered few problems except in the eastern U.S., particularly in the state of Ohio where they were stopped more often by the police. Nevertheless, the group was helped by strangers throughout the country; some invited them into their homes. In Boulder, Colorado, the group used a truck to carry their water through the desert.
Germany
Thomas and six others walked more than across Germany between August and October 1999; more walkers joined them en route. They held Buddhist retreats and services at sites of "terror, abuse, degradation, torture and killing", and hundreds of people participated in the events.
Hungary to Germany
From August to October 2002, Thomas made a pilgrimage from Budapest to the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp and then to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, following the route of the death marches made by Jews during the Holocaust.
Massachusetts to Washington, D.C.
From September to October 2004, Thomas and a small group walked from Concord, Massachusetts, through Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, and Delaware, to Washington, D.C.
Texas to California
From March to June 2007, Thomas and eight Zen Buddhists walked along the U.S.-Mexico border between Brownsville, Texas and Border Field State Park, Imperial Beach, California. Support was provided by the Souls Unitarian Universalist Church in Brownsville. It took a month to walk from Brownsville to El Paso during which, the group was often stopped by law enforcement, sometimes by the county sheriff, the National Guard, or the Border Patrol. Each time they were stopped, the officers would approach the group with loaded firearms, expressing concern for their safety. Thomas used these incidents as an opportunity to practice nonviolence. When law enforcement personnel asked if they could do anything for the walkers, Thomas answered, "We're ok, we have plenty of water, but could you take your hands off your sidearm?" According to Thomas, 87% removed their hands from the gun. He would then ask if he could tell them about their pilgrimage. While passing through West Texas, the group encountered a dust storm; 68 days later, they arrived at the Pacific Ocean.
Other activities
For more than a decade, Thomas has participated in meditation retreats with war veterans and their families in the United States and Europe. He is often asked how to support returned service personnel. Thomas responds:
Wake up to the roots of war in you. And, allow them to be your teacher. Because we can't do anything for them, not really, unless they ask us, unless they want that. But, we can't hear what they're saying, we can't hear what people are saying, unless we're willing to wake up to our conditioning. Because it was my conditioning, it was the karma that I inherited, and then the karma that I was creating that kept me deaf. I couldn't hear. I did not have the gift of Avalokiteśvara, of kanzeon, bodhisattva. I didn't have the gift of hearing. I couldn't hear the sounds of the world.
In 1993, Thomas started the Zaltho Foundation, a non-profit organization committed to ending violence, supporting socially engaged projects in schools, communities, organizations, and families. Programs include pilgrimages, talks, retreats, and outreach to veterans, prisoners, substance abusers, the homeless, and refugees. The foundation operates two Buddhist teaching centers: the Magnolia Zen Center in Mary Esther, Florida and the Clock Tower Practice Center in Maynard, Massachusetts.
Publications
See also
Peace Pilgrim
Notes and references
Further reading and resources
See also:
1947 births
Living people
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
American Zen Buddhist spiritual teachers
Engaged Buddhists
Zen Buddhism writers
Writers from Pennsylvania
Soto Zen Buddhists
American Buddhists
Zen Buddhist monks
Nonviolence advocates
People from Concord, Massachusetts
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
United States Army soldiers
The 2011 ICC World Cricket League Americas Region Twenty20 Division One is a cricket tournament that took place from 18 to 23 July 2011. The United States of America hosted the event.
Teams
Teams that qualified are as follows:
Squads
Fixtures
Points Table
Matches
Statistics
Highest team totals
The following table lists the six highest team scores.
Most runs
The top five highest run scorers (total runs) are included in this table.
Highest scores
This table contains the top five highest scores made by a batsman in a single innings.
Most wickets
The following table contains the five leading wicket-takers.
Best bowling figures
This table lists the top five players with the best bowling figures.
See also
2012 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier
References
2012 ICC World Twenty20
ICC World Cricket League Americas Region Twenty20 Division One
Sunrisers Hyderabad (stylised as SunRisers Hyderabad, SRH) are a franchise cricket team based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India, that plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). The franchise is owned by Kalanithi Maran of the SUN Group and was founded in 2012 after the Hyderabad-based Deccan Chargers were terminated by the IPL. The team is currently captained by Kane Williamson and coached by Brian Lara. Their primary home ground is the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad, which has capacity of 55,000.
The team made their first IPL appearance in 2013, where they reached the playoffs, eventually finishing in fourth place. The Sunrisers won their maiden IPL title in the 2016 season, defeating the Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 runs in the final. The team has qualified for the play-off stage of the tournament in every season since 2016. In 2018, the team reached the finals of the Indian Premier League, but lost to Chennai Super Kings. The team is considered one of the best bowling sides, often admired for its ability to defend low totals. David Warner is the leading run scorer for the side, having won the Orange Cap three times, in 2015, 2017, and 2019. Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the leading wicket-taker having won the Purple Cap twice, in 2016 and 2017. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the brand value of the Sunrisers Hyderabad which saw a decline of 4 percent to 57.4 million in 2020 as the overall brand value of the IPL decreased to 4.4 billion, according to Brand Finance.
Franchise history
Sunrisers Hyderabad replaced the Deccan Chargers in 2012 and debuted in 2013. The franchise was taken over by Sun TV Network after the Deccan Chronicle went bankrupt. The squad was announced in Chennai on 18 December 2012. The team is owned by Sun TV Network who won the bid with per year for a five-year deal, a week after the Chargers were terminated due to prolonged financial issues. Sun TV Network Limited, which is headquartered in Chennai, is one of India's biggest television networks with 32 TV channels and 45 FM radio stations, making it India's largest media and entertainment company.
The team jersey was unveiled on 8 March 2013, and the team anthem composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar was released on 12 March 2013. The logo was unveiled on 20 December 2012, along with the announcement that the team's management would be led by Kris Srikkanth, now replaced by veteran Muttiah Muralitharan, Tom Moody and V. V. S. Laxman.
Team history
2013–2015: Initial years
Sunrisers Hyderabad made their IPL debut in the 2013 season. They retained 20 players from the Chargers, which left slots open for 13 players (eight Indian, five overseas). They filled six of these with Thisara Perera, Darren Sammy, Sudeep Tyagi, Nathan McCullum, Quinton de Kock and Clint McKay. Kumar Sangakkara captained SRH for nine matches and Cameron White was captain for the remaining seven, as well as the eliminator match in the playoffs. In their inaugural season, the team reached the playoffs but were eliminated after losing against Rajasthan Royals by 4 wickets at Feroz Shah Kotla in Delhi on 22 May 2013. The team played all of their home games in Hyderabad.
For the 2014 season, Pune Warriors India was defunct and not replaced, leaving only eight teams in the league. The team retained two players, Dale Steyn and Shikhar Dhawan. As a result of this retention, the team had an auction purse of and two right-to-match cards. Shikhar Dhawan and Darren Sammy were named as captain and vice captain respectively. Due to the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections, the season was partially held outside India with the opening 20 matches hosted in the United Arab Emirates and the remaining matches played in India from 2 May onwards. The team finished in 6th place with six wins and eight losses, failing to secure a place in the playoffs. Dhawan led the team for the first ten matches while Sammy led the team for remaining four.
For the 2015 season, SRH retained 13 players and released 11. David Warner was appointed as the captain for this season and led the team in all matches played. Muttiah Muralitharan was appointed the team's bowling coach as well as mentor. Sunrisers Hyderabad played their first three home games at Visakhapatnam and the remaining four home games at Hyderabad. The team again finished 6th with seven wins and seven losses, failing to reach the playoffs. Warner won the first Orange Cap for SRH.
2016–2020: Maiden title and consecutive playoff appearances
For the 2016 season, SRH retained 15 players and released nine. After the auction, SRH traded two players. Sunrisers Hyderabad were crowned champions after defeating Royal Challengers Bangalore in the final and ending the season with 11 wins and six losses. This was their maiden, and to date only, title. Bhuvneshwar Kumar became the first Sunrisers Hyderabad player to win the Purple Cap.
For the 2017 season, SRH retained 17 players and released six from the title-winning squad. The team then spent at the auction, leaving remaining. As the defending champions, as per IPL norms, SRH hosted both the opening and closing ceremonies of the season. The team finished 3rd on points in the table. They lost against the Kolkata Knight Riders in the eliminator match at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore. The team made a below-par total of 128–7 in 20 overs, but the Kolkata Knight Riders' innings was reduced to just six overs due to rain. The revised total was 48, which the Knight Riders met with seven wickets and four balls remaining. Bhuvneshwar Kumar was able to retain the Purple Cap while David Warner won the Orange Cap.
For the 2018 season, the Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals were reinstated in the league after serving a two-year suspension from the competition due to the involvement of their players in the 2013 IPL betting scandal. The IPL governing council decided that a maximum of five players can be retained by each IPL team. SRH retained only two players and released all remaining players from the squad. The retention of two players meant SRH went in to the 2018 IPL auction with 59 crore in their auction purse and three right-to-match (RTM) cards. The salary deduction for every retained player from the franchise's salary purse was stipulated to be 15 crore, 11 crore and 7 crore if three players were retained; 12.5 crore and 8.5 crore if two players were retained; and 12.5 crore if only one player was retained. For retaining an uncapped player, salary deduction was set at 3 crore. David Warner had stepped down from captaincy on 28 March 2018 and the BCCI announced that he will not be allowed to play in IPL 2018 following the Australian ball-tampering controversy. On 29 March, New Zealand captain Kane Williamson was chosen to lead SRH for the 2018 season. On 31 March, England batsman Alex Hales was announced as replacement for the banned David Warner. SRH finished the 2018 season as runners-up of the competition after losing to Chennai Super Kings in the final with 10 wins and seven losses. Williamson won the Orange Cap with 735 runs.
Ahead of the auction, SRH traded Shikhar Dhawan to Delhi Capitals in favour of Shahbaz Nadeem, Vijay Shankar and Abhishek Sharma. SRH retained 17 players and released nine players. On auction day (18 December 2018), SRH bought three new players; Jonny Bairstow, Martin Guptill and Wriddhiman Saha, the latter of which was bought back in the auction after initially being released. David Warner made a comeback to IPL on 24 March 2019 after he was banned by BCCI to participate in 2018 season due to Australian ball-tampering controversy. SRH decided to stay with Kane Williamson as captain and Bhuvneshwar Kumar as vice-captain. Before start of the season, Williamson was nursing an injury and Kumar led the team in the first game against Kolkata Knight Riders and from the third game till the sixth game. SRH ended the 2019 season with 6 wins and 9 losses. They lost against Delhi Capitals in the Eliminator at Dr. Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy ACA-VDCA Cricket Stadium in Visakhapatnam. David Warner won the orange cap in this season.
Ahead of the auction, SRH retained 18 players and released 5 players. On auction day (19 December 2019), SRH bought 7 new players including the likes of Mitchell Marsh and Priyam Garg among others. SRH parted ways with Tom Moody and Simon Helmot and named Trevor Bayliss and Brad Haddin as Head coach and Assistant Coach respectively. On 27 February 2020, David Warner was reinstated as captain of SRH replacing Kane Williamson. SRH ended their 2020 campaign with 8 wins and 8 losses. In the playoffs, they beat the Royal Challengers Bangalore before losing to the Delhi Capitals in the Qualifier 2 at Sheikh Zayed Cricket Stadium in Abu Dhabi with David Warner as their highest run-scorer for the season.
2021
Ahead of the auction, SRH retained 22 players and released 5 players. On auction day (18 February 2021), SRH bought 3 players – J Suchith, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, and Kedar Jadhav. In addition, SRH added Tom Moody back to the staff team as the Director of Cricket.
Following the team's poor start to the season with 1 win from 7 games, SRH announced Kane Williamson as their captain for the remainder of the season replacing David Warner.
Home ground
The Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium is the principal cricket stadium in Hyderabad, Telangana state, India and is the home ground of the Sunrisers Hyderabad. It is owned by the Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA). It is located in the eastern suburb of Uppal and has a seating capacity of 55,000.
In 2015, the 40,000-capacity Dr. Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy ACA–VDCA Cricket Stadium, which is located in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, was selected as the secondary home ground for Sunrisers Hyderabad and the team played their first three home games there that season.
During the 2017 season, as the Sunrisers Hyderabad were defending IPL champions, they hosted the season opener and final. SRH selected their primary home ground to host their home games.
During the 2019 season, Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium was selected to host the IPL final after the BCCI decided to shift the match from M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai after TNCA failed to secure permission to open three locked stands for the match. Hyderabad Cricket Association won the award for best ground and pitch during 2019 IPL.
Seasons
Indian Premier League
Current squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold
Administration and support staff
Kit manufacturers and sponsors
Result summary
By IPL season
By opposition
Champions League T20
See also
List of Sunrisers Hyderabad records
Deccan Chargers
References
External links
Sunrisers Hyderabad official website
Indian Premier League teams
Cricket in Hyderabad, India
Sports clubs in India
Cricket clubs established in 2012
Cricket in Telangana
Sport in Telangana
Sun Group
2012 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
The 58th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from May 10 to May 25, 2008. Colombia's Giovanny Báez was crowned champion after 50 hours, 25 minutes and 55 seconds or riding through the plains and mountains of Colombia. The last stage, an urban race through the streets of Cali, was won by Artur García. The 27-year-old Báez was the 33rd cyclist to win the Tour of Colombia.
Stages
2008-05-10: Barrancabermeja — Barrancabermeja (8.4 km)
2008-05-11: Barrancabermeja — Bucaramanga (146.9 km)
2008-05-12: Piedecuesta — El Socorro (136.4 km)
2008-05-13: El Socorro — Tunja (169.5 km)
2008-05-14: Tunja — La Vega (192 km)
2008-05-15: San Francisco — La Dorada (135 km)
2008-05-16: Doradal — El Santuario (115.3 km)
2008-05-17: Río Negro — La Unión (163.6 km)
2008-05-18: Medellín — Santa Elena (31 km)
2008-05-20: Caldas — Manizales (173 km)
2008-05-21: Manizales — Mariquita (176.8 km)
2008-05-22: Mariquita — La Linéa (176.8 km)
2008-05-23: Quimbaya — Pereira (158.2 km)
2008-05-24: Cartago — Cali (190.4 km)
2008-05-25: Cali — Cali (96 km)
Final classification
See also
2008 Clásico RCN
References
dewielersite
cyclingnews
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta a
Beamish was a railway station which served the village of Beamish in County Durham, North East England, from 1894 to 1953. The station was built by the North Eastern Railway on the Beamish Deviation Line off of the earlier Stanhope and Tyne Railway.
History
The station opened on 1 February 1894 by the North Eastern Railway. The signal box was to the south and to the east was a good shed with four sidings and a loading bank. Passenger numbers started to decline in the 1920s when bus services were introduced. This led to the station closing on 21 September 1953. It remained open to goods until 2 August 1960. The station itself was demolished but the signal box remained until 1982. After it was demolished, the signal box from was dismantled and installed at the nearby Beamish Museum.
Accident
On 9 December 1964, twenty three coal wagons uncoupled from a shunter and ran down the line until colliding with another goods train. This resulted in one death and the line being blocked for several days. Sixty men had to work on cleaning up the debris while the trains were diverted via .
References
External links
Disused railway stations in County Durham
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1894
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1953
1894 establishments in England
1960 disestablishments in England
Franklin Mountains may refer to:
Franklin Mountains (Northwest Territories), Canada
Franklin Mountains (New Zealand)
Franklin Mountains (Alaska), United States
Franklin Mountains (Texas), United States
Franklin Mountains State Park
James Martin Fitzpatrick (June 27, 1869 – April 10, 1949) of the Bronx was a Democratic U.S. Representative from New York from 1927 to 1945.
Biography
James Martin Fitzpatrick was born in West Stockbridge, Massachusetts on June 27, 1869. He attended school in Massachusetts and worked in the cotton mills and iron ore mines of West Stockbridge.
Early career
In 1891 he moved to The Bronx, where he was employed by the Metropolitan Street Railroad Company and the Interborough Rapid Transit Company until 1925, when he became involved in the real estate business as a partner in the firm Fitzpatrick & Domph.
Fitzpatrick served as a Commissioner of Street Openings and Improvements for the Bronx in 1919, and a member of the New York City Board of Aldermen from 1919 to 1927.
Congress
In 1926 he was elected to Congress and served nine terms, March 4, 1927, to January 3, 1945.
Later career and death
Fitzpatrick did not run for reelection in 1944 and retired to New York City. He died there on April 10, 1949, and was buried in Saint Raymond's Cemetery.
References
New York Times, J.M. Fitzpatrick, Ex-Congressman; Representative of the Old 24th District, Bronx, for 9 Terms Is Dead, April 11, 1949
Bronx County Biographies, Biography of James M. Fitzpatrick, reprinted from 1927's "The Bronx and its People: A History, 1609-1927", James L. Wells, Louis F. Haffen, editors, Lewis Historical Publishing Company, publisher.
People from the Bronx
People from West Stockbridge, Massachusetts
1869 births
1949 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
The Air War College (AWC) is the senior Professional Military Education (PME) school of the U.S. Air Force. A part of the United States Air Force's Air University, AWC emphasizes the employment of air, space, and cyberspace in joint operations. Headquartered at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, its higher headquarters is the Air Education and Training Command (AETC) at Randolph Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas. It is one of six war colleges within the U.S. Department of Defense's Joint Professional Military Education (JPME) Phase II Education Program for commissioned officers.
History
The Air War College was founded in 1946 by the United States War Department (subsequently merged with the Navy Department to form the Department of Defense) as a U.S. Army Air Forces program at what was then Maxwell Field. The college has operated continuously since its founding except for a period of six months during the Korean War.
AWC operates alongside the Army War College, the Naval War College's College of Naval Warfare, the Marine Corps War College, and the National Defense University's National War College (NWC), Joint Forces Staff College (JFSC) and Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy (Eisenhower School) within the U.S. Department of Defense's JPME II Education Program for commissioned officers.
Professional military education
In 2006, the Air War College (AWC) curriculum was certified as a JPME Phase II program by the Joint Chiefs of Staff for AWC classes in Academic Year 2007 and subsequent.
According to the Air War College webpage, "The AWC resident program class membership includes senior officers in the ranks of Lieutenant Colonel (O-5) and Colonel (O-6), or, in the case of the U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard, Commander (O-5) and Captain (O-6), from each U.S. military service (both Active Component and Reserve Component, the latter to include the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard). AWC students also include civilian employees of federal government agencies at the grades GS-14/GM-14 or GS-15/GM-15, and equivalent rank military officers from the international community of nations."
In addition to its resident program at Maxwell AFB, the Air War College also conducts two non-resident distance learning programs for eligible U.S. military officers or equivalent Department of Defense or Department of the Air Force civilians (e.g., O-5, GS/GM-14, O-6, or GS/GM-15).
The first of these programs is a 10-month seminar course in a traditional classroom setting that tracks in parallel with the resident course at Maxwell AFB. Seminars are overseen by the Air War College staff and are conducted annually at the Pentagon and selected USAF installations.
The second program is a CD-ROM based correspondence course that can be taken at any time during the year and typically takes two years to complete.
Eligible senior member lieutenant colonels and above of the Civil Air Patrol (CAP), the civilian U.S. Air Force Auxiliary, are also entitled to enroll in the Air War College. Although they are precluded from attending in residence, CAP senior member officers may complete the AWC curriculum in a traditional classroom setting with U.S. military officers and senior DoD and DAF civilians as part of a year-long on-base seminar program at an active USAF installation, or through distance learning, e.g., individually via the correspondence course option.
The AWC resident program at Maxwell AFB consists of ten months of postgraduate level courses for a total of 36 semester credit hours. Graduates receive a Master of Strategic Studies. Non-resident AWC students attending the parallel track 10-month classroom seminar program at either the Pentagon and/or at other USAF installations worldwide, are also eligible to receive graduate level academic credit, albeit at a lesser number of credit hours.
Completion of the Air War College via in-residence, seminar or correspondence/CD-ROM formats, or in-residence completion of an equivalent senior level war college program of another service, or that of a senior level joint institution such as the National War College or the Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy, is considered a de facto requirement for all lieutenant colonels (O-5) in the U.S. Air Force, to include the Air Force Reserve and the Air National Guard, to promote to colonel (O-6) and to be competitive for future selection as a general officer.
Course description
The Air War College is an advanced postgraduate program that functions as the senior professional military education (PME) school of the U.S. Air Force. It emphasizes the development of joint knowledges, skills and attributes required of all Air Force, Sister Service, and international senior officers as well as Department of Defense and other National Security civilians, with special focus on their application to large organization and institutional leadership responsibilities.
The resident course is ten months in duration. The college also offers a ten-month non-resident seminar program on select active USAF installations and at the Pentagon which mirrors the same ten-month academic schedule of the resident program. There is also a non-resident Air War College CD-ROM/correspondence course that is typically completed in 24 months or less.
The Air War College's Mission is to:
"prepare students to lead in a joint, interagency and multinational environment at the strategic level across the range of military operations; to develop cross-domain mastery of joint air, space, and cyberspace power and its strategic contributions to national security; and to advance innovative thought on National Security, Department of Defense and Air Forces issues."
The AWC curriculum focuses on five learning areas of emphasis:
Learning Area 1: Profession of Arms Emphasis. Graduates are capable of leading in a joint environment at the strategic level across the range of military operations.
Learning Area 2: Warfare Studies Emphasis. Graduates make sound judgments on the cross-domain use of joint air, space and cyberspace power to maintain national security.
Learning Area 3: Leadership Studies Emphasis. Graduates are prepared to exercise transformational leadership at group/wing command and above levels in service, joint, and coalition settings.
Learning Area 4: International Security Studies Emphasis. Graduates are equipped to advance innovative thought on national security, Department of Defense and Air Force issues.
Learning Area 5: Communication Studies Emphasis. Graduates can communicate complex information in a clear, concise and logical manner in both written and oral formats.
National Security Forum
Each year the Air War College (AWC) also hosts the National Security Forum (NSF), the NSF program being sponsored by the Secretary of the Air Force. NSF began in 1954 as an expansion of the Civilian Outreach Seminars held from 1947 through 1949.
The purpose of the NSF is to expose influential citizens to senior U.S. and international military officers and civilian equivalents in order to engage each other's ideas and perspectives on Air Force, national and international security issues. It is also an opportunity for the AWC students, as future military leaders, to interact with a broad cross-section of civilian leaders from businesses, industry, academia, public education, media, law, the clergy, and state and local governments, said civilian leaders possessing limited to no prior military experience.
Because of that latter caveat, retired career military personnel, military personnel serving part-time in the Reserve Components (to include the Army National Guard and Air National Guard), Department of Defense and U.S. Coast Guard civilian personnel, civilian spouses of military personnel, senior members of the Civil Air Patrol, and U.S. congressional members are precluded from being NSF attendees.
The NSF provides a frank and candid exchange of views on national security matters among NSF attendees, Air War College students, and senior military and civilian leaders. The week is devoted to exploring the many issues that affect the current and future security of our country. Specific objectives are:
• To provide an extended opportunity for candid engagement of ideas on future and current Air Force, national and international security issues among the Air War College students, faculty, and invited guests of the Secretary of the Air Force (e.g., the NSF attendees).
• To provide a unique forum in which experts on various aspects of national and international security may discuss their views with students, faculty, and our NSF attendees. The NSF is also intended to broaden perspectives and garner a mutual understanding of the U.S. Air Force and national and international security issues between NSF attendees and senior U.S. and international officers and civilian equivalents.
Guests are nominated from across the Air Force and by active and retired Regular Air Force, Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard general officers and previous NSF attendees. AWC forwards the nominations to the Secretary of the Air Force for his/her approval and his/her personal invitation. Approximately 150 selectees attend NSF each year. Specific details for NSF are provided with each nominee's invitation. Budgetary constraints preclude the Air Force from defraying guests' expenses. As a result, guests are responsible for their own transportation to Maxwell AFB, the cost of Distinguished Visitors Quarters (DVQ) lodging at Maxwell AFB, and the cost of meals.
Accreditation
The umbrella organization for AWC, the Air University, is accredited by the Commission of Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), and is authorized to grant the following degrees:
Master of Strategic Studies – offered by the Air War College
Master of Military Operational Art and Science – offered by the Air Command and Staff College (ACSC)
Master of Aerospace Studies – offered by the School of Advanced Air and Space Studies (SAASS)
Master of Science in Flight Test Engineering – offered by the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School (USAFTPS)
Associate in Applied Science – offered for USAF enlisted personnel by the Community College of the Air Force (CCAF) with majors in 68 areas
See also
National War College
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy (formerly known as the Industrial College of the Armed Forces)
Army War College
Naval War College
Marine Corps War College
References
External links
Air War College Homepage
Military education and training in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1946
War College
War colleges
1946 establishments in Alabama
Air War College alumni
During the 1999–2000 English football season, Millwall F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division, the third tier of English football.
Season summary
Millwall had a good season and finished fifth in the Second Division, qualifying for the play-offs, but were beaten in the semi-finals by Wigan Athletic 1–0 on aggregate. The club also saw failure in both domestic cup competitions, being eliminated from both in the first round.
Final league table
Players
First-team squad
Left club during season
Notes
References
External links
Official Website
Sky Sports
BBC Football
1999–2000
Millwall
The Braille pattern dots-5 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the middle right dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the upper-middle right dot raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2810, and in Braille ASCII with a quote mark: ".
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-5 is used as a formatting indicator, accent mark, or punctuation.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-5 are Braille patterns 57, 58, and 578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 6, 16, 46, and 146 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-5, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 05, 57, and 057 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 6, 16, 46, or 146
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-5 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- N/A - used only as a selector
Selector
- を/貝 + selector 5 = 具
- な/亻 + を/貝 + selector 5 = 倶
- る/忄 + を/貝 + selector 5 = 惧
- む/車 + を/貝 + selector 5 = 颶
- も/門 + selector 5 = 句
- な/亻 + も/門 + selector 5 = 佝
- ぬ/力 + も/門 + selector 5 = 劬
- る/忄 + も/門 + selector 5 = 怐
- 心 + も/門 + selector 5 = 枸
- 火 + も/門 + selector 5 = 煦
- く/艹 + も/門 + selector 5 = 苟
- か/金 + も/門 + selector 5 = 鉤
- ふ/女 + selector 5 = 妹
- ゆ/彳 + selector 5 = 弔
- 心 + selector 5 = 必
- え/訁 + 心 + selector 5 = 謐
- 囗 + selector 5 = 戔
- て/扌 + selector 5 = 拘
- た/⽥ + selector 5 = 曲
- と/戸 + た/⽥ + selector 5 = 髷
- き/木 + selector 5 = 末
- て/扌 + き/木 + selector 5 = 抹
- に/氵 + き/木 + selector 5 = 沫
- の/禾 + き/木 + selector 5 = 秣
- 心 + き/木 + selector 5 = 茉
- と/戸 + き/木 + selector 5 = 靺
- へ/⺩ + selector 5 = 片
- や/疒 + selector 5 = 疾
- ふ/女 + や/疒 + selector 5 = 嫉
- の/禾 + selector 5 = 秘
- の/禾 + の/禾 + selector 5 = 祕
- と/戸 + selector 5 = 考
- き/木 + と/戸 + selector 5 = 栲
- む/車 + selector 5 = 虱
- か/金 + selector 5 = 鈎
- そ/馬 + selector 5 = 駒
- け/犬 + selector 5 = 鼡
- け/犬 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 鼠
- う/宀/#3 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 竄
- と/戸 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 鬣
- selector 5 + そ/馬 = 且
- な/亻 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 俎
- れ/口 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 咀
- ふ/女 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 姐
- や/疒 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 岨
- ゆ/彳 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 徂
- き/木 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 柤
- に/氵 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 沮
- め/目 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 爼
- ま/石 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 砠
- く/艹 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 苴
- む/車 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 蛆
- え/訁 + selector 5 + そ/馬 = 詛
- selector 5 + の/禾 = 之
- selector 5 + い/糹/#2 = 井
- た/⽥ + selector 5 + い/糹/#2 = 畊
- ほ/方 + selector 5 + い/糹/#2 = 舛
- き/木 + selector 5 + い/糹/#2 = 桝
- selector 5 + 日 = 亘
- き/木 + selector 5 + 日 = 桓
- selector 5 + ほ/方 = 亡
- ⺼ + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 肓
- 心 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 芒
- か/金 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 鋩
- く/艹 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 茫
- む/車 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 虻
- る/忄 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 惘
- に/氵 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 瀛
- selector 5 + 宿 = 亢
- れ/口 + selector 5 + 宿 = 吭
- selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 亥
- つ/土 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 垓
- こ/子 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 孩
- そ/馬 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 駭
- selector 5 + る/忄 = 侖
- selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 兪
- 心 + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 楡
- へ/⺩ + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 瑜
- む/車 + selector 5 + ゆ/彳 = 蝓
- selector 5 + 囗 = 冂
- selector 5 + え/訁 = 叟
- ふ/女 + selector 5 + え/訁 = 嫂
- selector 5 + こ/子 = 呉
- く/艹 + selector 5 + こ/子 = 茣
- む/車 + selector 5 + こ/子 = 蜈
- selector 5 + け/犬 = 咢
- selector 5 + て/扌 = 夬
- selector 5 + な/亻 = 夾
- て/扌 + selector 5 + な/亻 = 挾
- ち/竹 + selector 5 + な/亻 = 筴
- selector 5 + ⺼ = 奐
- selector 5 + ひ/辶 = 巴
- ち/竹 + selector 5 + ひ/辶 = 笆
- selector 5 + さ/阝 = 巷
- selector 5 + り/分 = 帚
- く/艹 + selector 5 + り/分 = 菷
- selector 5 + う/宀/#3 = 彭
- selector 5 + ま/石 = 曼
- selector 5 + か/金 = 朱
- な/亻 + selector 5 + か/金 = 侏
- に/氵 + selector 5 + か/金 = 洙
- 心 + selector 5 + か/金 = 茱
- む/車 + selector 5 + か/金 = 蛛
- え/訁 + selector 5 + か/金 = 誅
- か/金 + selector 5 + か/金 = 銖
- selector 5 + 仁/亻 = 爰
- selector 5 + む/車 = 牟
- き/木 + selector 5 + む/車 = 桙
- め/目 + selector 5 + む/車 = 眸
- selector 5 + し/巿 = 申
- つ/土 + selector 5 + し/巿 = 坤
- て/扌 + selector 5 + し/巿 = 抻
- selector 5 + み/耳 = 禹
- selector 5 + く/艹 = 禺
- く/艹 + selector 5 + く/艹 = 藕
- selector 5 + 龸 = 舜
- 心 + selector 5 + 龸 = 蕣
- selector 5 + と/戸 = 豆
- よ/广 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 厨
- 心 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 荳
- う/宀/#3 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 豌
- ひ/辶 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 逗
- selector 5 + や/疒 = 豈
- 心 + selector 5 + や/疒 = 榿
- ま/石 + selector 5 + や/疒 = 磑
- selector 5 + ふ/女 = 賁
- selector 5 + に/氵 = 賈
- selector 5 + も/門 = 鬥
- selector 5 + め/目 = 黽
- selector 5 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 劔
Notes
Braille patterns
During the 1892–93 season Hearts competed in the Scottish Football League, the Scottish Cup and the East of Scotland Shield.
Fixtures
East of Scotland Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
Scottish Cup
Scottish Football League
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 92-93
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Heart of Midlothian
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1682.
Events
In London, the King's Company and the Duke's Company join to form the United Company of actors.
In Paris, the Bibliothèque Mazarine reopens at the Collège des Quatre-Nations.
In Japan, Ihara Saikaku's The Life of an Amorous Man (好色一代男, Kōshoku Ichidai Otoko, "The Man Who Spent His Life in Love") inaugurates what becomes known as ukiyo-zōshi ("books of the floating world"), the first major genre of popular Japanese fiction.
New books
Prose
John Bunyan – The Holy War
Francisco Nunez de Cepeda – Idea del buen pastor representada en Empresas sacras
William Penn
Frame of Government of Pennsylvania
Some Fruits of Solitude In Reflections And Maxims
Mary Rowlandson – A Narrative of the Captivity and Restoration of Mrs. Mary Rowlandson
Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴) – The Life of an Amorous Man (好色一代男 Kōshoku Ichidai Otoko)
Bulstrode Whitelocke – Memorials of the English Affairs from the Beginning of the Reign of Charles I (Puritan viewpoint)
Children and young people
Dorcas Dole – Salutation and Seasonable Exhortation to Children (by a Quaker)
Drama
Anonymous – Mr. Turbulent
John Banks – The Unhappy Favourite, or the Earl of Essex
John Banks – Vertue Betray'd
John Dryden – MacFlecknoe
John Dryden and Nathaniel Lee – The Duke of Guise
Thomas d'Urfey
The Injured Princess (adapted from Cymbeline)
The Royalist
Thomas Otway – Venice Preserv'd
William Shakespeare adapted by Nahum Tate – Coriolanus
Thomas Southerne – The Persian Prince, or the Loyal Brother
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – Verdadera V parte de comedias
Poetry
Nahum Tate (probable) – Absalom and Achitophel, part 2
Births
October 2 – Birgitte Christine Kaas, Norwegian poet and translator (died 1761)
October 29 – Pierre François Xavier de Charlevoix, French historian (died 1761)
Unknown date – Jacopo Facciolati, Paduan lexicographer and philologist (died 1769)
Deaths
March 12 – Francis Sempill, Scottish poet and wit (born c. 1616)
October 19 – Sir Thomas Browne, English polymath and poet (born 1605)
November 14 – Rijcklof van Goens, Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies 1678-1681 and travel writer (born 1619)
Unknown dates
Philip Hunton, English clergyman and political writer (born c. 1600)
Francisco Núñez de Pineda y Bascuñán, Chilean writer and soldier (born 1607 in literature)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Sanctuary for Families is a New York City-based non-profit organization dedicated to aiding victims of domestic violence and their children. Founded in 1984, its services include crisis intervention, emergency and transitional shelter, legal assistance and representation, adult and child counseling, and long-term follow-up care. Sanctuary for Families is also involved in extensive training, public awareness, and advocacy programs.
Public attention
Sanctuary for Families receives recognition from the mayor's office of New York City and the District Attorney's office. It's pro bono legal services have attracted note in stories about the legal struggles of women who leave abusive relationships.
In Nicholson v. Williams Sanctuary for Families and public interest law firm Lansner & Kubitschek represented a successful lawsuit against the city's Administration for Children's Services. The court ruled against ACS' practice of bringing child neglect proceedings against mothers and removing children from their custody on the basis of them having "allowed" their children to witness domestic violence or their having "engaged" in domestic violence simply by being a victim of it.
In 2007, it was among over 530 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.
An Instagram political activist, Emily Amick, started her career at the non-profit and currently works as a human rights lawyer.
References
External links
Sanctuary for Families Web Site
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 1984
Domestic violence-related organizations in the United States
Child abuse-related organizations
Organizations that combat human trafficking
Homeless shelters in the United States
Women's shelters in the United States
Charities based in New York City
Violence against women in the United States
Human trafficking in the United States
501(c)(3) organizations
This is an incomplete list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant for Powys. Prior to 1974, the Monarch was represented in the area by the Lord Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire, the Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire and the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire.
Col. John Lyon Corbett-Winder, O.B.E., M.C., 1 April 1974– (formerly Lord Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire), with two lieutenants:
Captain Nevill Glanville Garnons Williams, M.B.E., R.N. (Retd.), 1 April 1974– (formerly Lord Lieutenant of Breconshire)
Brigadier Sir Charles Michael Dillwyn-Venables-LLewelyn, Bt., M.V.O., 1 April 1974– (formerly Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire)
Mervyn Leigh Bourdillon, 1986–1998
The Hon. Dame Elizabeth Shân Legge-Bourke D.C.V.O, 1998–2018
Mrs Tia C Jones, 10 September 2018 – present
References
Powys
1974 establishments in Wales
Simon Lavoie (born May 15, 1979) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter from Quebec. He is best known as codirector with Mathieu Denis of Those Who Make Revolution Halfway Only Dig Their Own Graves (Ceux qui font les révolutions à moitié n'ont fait que se creuser un tombeau), which won the award for Best Canadian Film at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival and garnered several Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017, including for Best Picture and Best Director.
He made a number of short films — including The White Chapel (Une chapelle blanche), which won the Prix Jutra for Best Short Film in 2006 — before making his feature film debut in 2008 with Le déserteur. He first collaborated with Denis on the 2011 film Laurentie, and followed up with The Torrent (Le Torrent) in 2012.
His next project, The Little Girl Who Was Too Fond of Matches (La petite fille qui aimait trop les allumettes), a film adaptation of Gaétan Soucy's novel of the same name, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2017. It received an honorable mention for Best Canadian Film, and received a nomination for Best Motion Picture at the 2018 Canadian Screen Awards.
His newest film, No Trace (Nulle trace), premiered in 2021. He also wrote the screenplay for the 2022 film Norbourg, directed by Maxime Giroux.
References
External links
1979 births
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male screenwriters
Canadian screenwriters in French
French Quebecers
Film directors from Quebec
Writers from Quebec
Living people
Kushkak (, also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 788, in 197 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
The Montenegrin LGBT Association Queer Montenegro is a non-governmental organization established in October 2012. and registered in March 2013 in Podgorica. Queer Montenegro consists of longtime activists for human rights, and professionals from various fields of social life and different specialties.
History of organization
Montenegrin LGBT Association Queer Montenegro emerged from informal LGBT group ‘Queer Brigade' which was recognized for its striking performances in the field of human rights in Montenegro. The idea for the establishment of the organization was created out of a desire to take on a new and different way of promotion and protection of human rights of LGBTQ people, with special emphasis on identifying and solving real, everyday needs and life problems of LGBT people and their friends and families.
Goals
The aim of the organization involves the construction of a wide Montenegro's LGBT movement which will be actively and continuously in the fight for the protection of human rights, combating homophobia and transphobia, achieving full legal and social equality and the full acceptance of LGBT people by general population. One of the goals is the visibility and participation of LGBT people in decision-making and policy-making process related to human rights; continuous festivals of queer arts and culture and other events, as well as the improvement of health services.
The methods of the organization
The organization achieves its overall program goals acting in public life, and it deals with: advocacy and lobbying human rights of LGBTIQ persons at national, European and international level; supporting and participating in the organization of public meetings of LGBTIQ person, Pride events and parades in our country, the region and abroad in order to increase the visibility of LGBT persons and advocacy for protection of human rights; sensitizing the public to promote the interests and improve the position of LGBTIQ people ; encouraging self-organization of young LGBT people for exercising their rights; providing free legal aid and psychosocial support and counseling for LGBT people ; organization of workshops, courses, lectures, seminars, forums, conferences and other activities ; organizing the festivals of queer arts and culture and other events.
Montenegro Pride
In October 20. 2013, NGO Queer Montenegro has organized first Montenegro pride in Podgorica.
Since then Queer Montenegro has organized seven more pride parades in Podgorica.
Collaborations and partnerships
Queer Montenegro collaborates with Association Spectra (original: Asocijacija Spektra) which was founded as daughter organization.
References
External links
Official site Queer Montenegro
Official site Montenegro Pride
Facebook Queer Montenegro
2012 establishments in Montenegro
LGBT political advocacy groups in Montenegro
LGBT rights in Montenegro
Organisations based in Montenegro
Human rights in Montenegro
Frank Deerwester (died May 26, 1926) was the first president of Northwest Missouri State University from 1906 to 1907.
Butler was born in Bates County, Missouri and attended Butler College, the Second District Normal School, New York University, the University of Chicago and Harvard.
During his first year he fought funding battles over the Administration Building and set up education standards of the school.
Deerwester came from Warrensburg where he was professor of Pedagogy and he continued to teach the subject as well as be president.
The Fifth District Normal School opened on June 11, 1906 with Eliza Munn as the first student.
After leaving Northwest he taught at Pittsburg State University and Western Washington University.
References
Western Washington University faculty
1926 deaths
People from Bates County, Missouri
Pittsburg State University faculty
Presidents of Northwest Missouri State University
University of Central Missouri faculty
New York University alumni
Year of birth missing
George Washington University faculty
The WTA Tier I Events are part of the elite tour for professional women's tennis organised by the WTA called the WTA Tour.
Tournaments
Results
See also
WTA Tier I Events
1992 WTA Tour
1992 ATP Championship Series, Single Week
1992 ATP Tour
References
External links
Women's Tennis Association (WTA) official website
International Tennis Federation (ITF) official website
The current flag of the African Union was adopted at its 14th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government, which took place in Addis Ababa on 31 January 2010.
History
During the 8th African Union Summit which took place in Addis Ababa on 29 and 30 January 2007, the Heads of State and Government decided to launch a competition for the selection of a new flag for the Union. They prescribed a green background for the flag symbolising hope of Africa and stars to represent Member States.
Pursuant to this decision, the Muammar Gaddafi-led African Union Commission (AUC) organised a competition for the selection of a new flag for the African Union. The AUC received a total of 106 entries proposed by citizens of 19 African countries and two from the Diaspora. The proposals were then examined by a panel of experts puts in place by the African Union Commission and selected from the five African regions for short listing according to the main directions given by the Heads of State and Government. The winning design was created by Yadesa Bojia, an Ethiopian-born American artist and graphic designer.
The flag contains a green background symbolizing the hope of Africa and 55 gold stars to represent the Member States. When first adopted, there were 53 stars. However, South Sudan became the 54th member state on 27 July 2011, and Morocco rejoined in January 2017, bringing the total to 55.
Previous flag (2004–2010)
The previous flag of the African Union was used from 2004 to 2010 and was composed of a broad green horizontal stripe at the top followed by a narrow band of gold. Below is a broad white stripe bearing the then emblem of the African Union at its center followed by a narrow gold band and broad green stripe at the bottom.
The AU was formed in 2002, without an official flag. In 2003, a competition was announced for designing a new emblem and flag. However, the Assembly of the African Union decided at the Addis Ababa session of 2004 to retain the emblem and flag of its predecessor, the Organisation of African Unity, and adopt them as the new AU flag and emblem. That flag was used from 1970 to 2002 as the OAU's flag.
The color symbolism of the old flag is as follows:
The color green symbolizes African hopes and aspiration to unity.
The color gold stands for African wealth and bright future.
The color white represents the purity of Africa's desire to have genuine friends throughout the world.
The color red (of the rings [in the center]) stand for African solidarity and the blood shed for the liberation of Africa.
See also
Emblem of the African Union
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag
References
Flag
Flags of international organizations
Flags introduced in 2004
The 1900 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1900 college football season. This was the second football season for Baylor. Under head coach R. H. Hamilton, the team played all of its games at home in Waco, Texas, and finished the season undefeated at 3–0.
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
Paul Helsham (1761 - 1822) was an Anglican priest in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
Helsham was born in County Kilkenny. He entered Trinity College, Dublin in 1776 and graduated B.A. in 1781 and M.A. in 1792. The Rector of Kilfane, he was Vicar choral of Kilkenny Cathedral from 1781 to 1796. After that Helsham was appointed Vicar general of the Diocese of Ossory in 1796 and Archdeacon of Ossory in 1801, holding both positions until his death.
References
1761 births
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Archdeacons of Ossory
1822 deaths
People from County Kilkenny
The 25th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1871 and 1874.
Jared C. Troop was chosen as speaker for the house.
The assembly was dissolved on November 23, 1874.
List of Members
Notes:
References
Terms of the General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1871 establishments in Nova Scotia
1874 disestablishments in Nova Scotia
19th century in Nova Scotia
Dastkar is an Indian non-government organisation working with craftspeople across India, for promotion and revival of traditional crafts of India. It was founded in 1981 in Delhi, by a group of six women, including Laila Tyabji, its current chairperson.
Today, it is synonymous with the Dasktar Mela, a crafts exhibition it organises every year since 1982.
History
Dastkar started working started with 15 crafts groups in 1981, and 30 years later it is associated 350 craft groups across India.
Over the years, Dastkar has worked in women empowerment in rural areas, where it has been involved in developing self-reliant artisan groups.
In 2005, Tyabji became a founder-member of All India Artisans and craftworkers Welfare Association (AIACA), along with Pritam Singh (Anokhi), Ritu Kumar, Madhukar Khera and Fabindia. She was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2012.
Dastkar Mela
Dastkar started organising the annual "Dastkar Mela", the crafts fair and exhibition during the autumn, preceding the autumn festive seasons, and Diwali. Held in Delhi, the mela sees craftspeople and artisans from over 22 states selling their works and crafts items. Besides this, it also features workshops and demonstrations by the artisans.
Dastkar Nature Bazaar
In 1983, it started organising the "Dastkar Nature Bazaar" after environmentalist Valmik Thapar suggested the idea of promoting natural materials and fibres, along with nature-inspired products with nature motifs and images of birds and animals. Over the years, it has been held at various locations in Delhi, including the Dilli Haat, Crafts Museum, Delhi, Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts (IGNCA) and Kisan Haat in Mehrauli. In 2012, the Kisan Haat in Mehrauli was taken on a 15-year lease from Delhi Tourism to organize where theme-based bazaars, this included South Asian Bazaar, Winter Weaves, and Basant Bazaar. Here regional and speciality cuisines from various parts of India have also been featured
Similar Dastkar Bazaars are now organized in many parts of the country, where craft groups and different states display and sell the works.
References
Bibliography
External links
Dastkar, website
Cultural organisations based in India
1981 establishments in Delhi
Organizations established in 1981
Organisations based in Delhi
Indian handicrafts
General Samuel Egbert Anderson (January 6, 1906 – September 12, 1982) was a United States Air Force four-star general who served as commander of the Air Material Command.
Early life and education
He was born in Greensboro, North Carolina, in 1906. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Coast Artillery upon graduation on June 9, 1928.
Military career
Assigned immediately to the Air Corps Primary Flying School, Brooks Field, Texas, Lieutenant Anderson completed the course a year later. He then proceeded to Kelly Field, Texas, to attend the Observation Course at the Air Corps Advanced Flying School. After graduating on October 15, 1929, he joined the 5th Observation Squadron at Mitchel Field, Long Island, New York. On November 1, 1929, he transferred to the Air Corps.
From September 1932 to February 1939, Anderson saw service at Chanute Field, Rantoul, Illinois, acted as flying instructor and performed various duties at Kelly Field, Texas.
Ordered to Wheeler Field, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, in March 1939, he became commanding officer of the Sixth Pursuit Squadron. In November 1940, he was designated Wing S-3, plans and training officer, 18th Composite Wing.
Returning to Langley Field, Virginia in May 1941, he served in various capacities. In August 1941, Anderson was brought into the Air War Plans Division where he helped author AWPD-1, the American air war plan which greatly contributed to the eventual defeat of Nazi Germany. In October 1941, Anderson transferred to the Office of the Assistant Chief Air Staff, Headquarters Air Force, Washington D.C.
Anderson's next assignment was with the Operations Division, War Department General Staff, Washington, D.C. where he served from March 1942 until May 1943.
During this period, he saw combat in the Pacific Theater, and in June 1942 was awarded the Silver Star "for gallantry in action in the vicinity of Port Moresby in Salamaua, New Guinea."
Transferring to the European Theater of Operations in May 1943 as administrative inspector of the 3rd Bombardment Wing (Medium), he assumed command of the organization July 12. Two months later, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross "for extraordinary achievement while leading his Bombardment Wing on two combat missions over enemy-occupied Europe on 16 July and 2 August 1943."
In October 1943, General Anderson was designated commanding general of the new IX Bomber Command of the revamped Ninth Air Force, a command he held until the end of the war. During his period of command, 10 of the 11 groups of IX Bomber Command were awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.
Returning to the United States in May 1945, General Anderson became chief of staff, Continental Air Force, Bolling Field, Washington, D.C.
In June 1945, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for unusual ability and conspicuous technical proficiency in activating, developing, training and directing the operations of the Ninth Bombardment Division (Medium) during the period of July 1943 to December 1944 while serving as commanding general.
In February 1946, he became a member of the Joint Strategic Survey Committee, Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Washington, D.C.
In February 1948, he was appointed director of plans and operations in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations at U.S. Air Force Headquarters and served in that capacity until August 1950.
From August 1950 to May 1953, he served as commanding general of the Eighth Air Force, with headquarters at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas.
On May 31, 1953, he relieved Lieutenant General Glenn O. Barcus as commanding general of the Fifth Air Force in Korea. Upon assuming command of the Fifth Air Force, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general.
In May 1954, he was assigned as director, Weapons Systems Evaluation Group (Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense-Research and Development). He held this position until his assignment as commander of Air Research and Development Command August 1, 1957.
He was promoted to his four-star rank on March 10, 1959, and named on the same day as commander of the Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, remaining in this capacity upon the redesignation of AMC to the Air Force Logistics Command on April 1, 1961.
Retirement, death, and legacy
Anderson retired from the Air Force on August 1, 1963, and died on September 12, 1982. He was buried at the United States Air Force Academy Cemetery.
References
External links
Time Over Targets: The Story of the 9th Bombardment Division
United States Air Force generals
United States Military Academy alumni
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Silver Star
People from Greensboro, North Carolina
1906 births
1982 deaths
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Shoulderbone is an unincorporated community in Hancock County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A variant name was "Shoulder". The community was named for its location on Shoulderbone Creek.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hancock County, Georgia
Union Sekailwe (born 6 January 1986) is a Paralympian athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T38 sprint events. Sekailwe competed for his country at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where he won a bronze medal in the 400 metre sprint. Sekailwe has competed at World Championship level on two occasions, picking up three medals. He has also competed in long jump at the Paralympics, and in the javelin throw at the World Championships.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for South Africa
1986 births
Living people
South African male sprinters
South African male long jumpers
South African male javelin throwers
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
Half nut may refer to:
In mechanical engineering:
A half-thickness nut, used as a locknut or jam nut
A split nut
The O.L. Luther Unit is a state prison for men located in Navasota, Grimes County, Texas, owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in July 1982, and has a maximum capacity of 1316: 1102 in the unit itself, and another 214 in the trusty camp.
Luther is co-located with the state's Wallace Pack Unit, with its own population of about 1500 prisoners. Prisoners of both facilities cooperate in an extensive agricultural operation on 11,000 acres, including horses, a cow/calf operation, grain processing and storage, and a buffalo ranch.
Incidents
The facility has had a difficult history. In October 2001 inmate Nathan Essary was sexually abused by a corrections officer, sued, and discovered other inmate victims of the same officer. Their official complaints had been ignored. Essary collected "substantial" money damages in a civil case, as well as a payment from the state and the officer's beach house. In 2011, within a six-month period, two Luther guards were caught, fired, arrested, and charged with felonies related to bribery and smuggling.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Grimes County, Texas
1982 establishments in Texas
Lovatt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Harry Lovatt (1905–1984), much-travelled English footballer
Mark Lovatt (born 1971), British road racing cyclist
Paul Lovatt-Cooper, "Composer in Association" of the Black Dyke Band
Stephen Lovatt (born 1964), New Zealand actor, plays Max Hoyland on the Australian soap Neighbours
Tom Lovatt-Williams (1897–1986), English poet and writer about railways and nature topics
George I. Lovatt, Sr. (1872–1958), US cathedral architect
See also
Lovat (disambiguation)
Lovato
Lovett (disambiguation)
The 2001 season of 1. deild karla was the 47th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
Standings
Top scorers
References
Final table on official KSÍ website
Top scorers on official KSÍ website
1. deild karla (football) seasons
Iceland
Iceland
2
Barabash is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Yakiv Barabash, Zaporozhian Cossack ataman (1657–58)
Uri Barbash, Israeli film director
Tatyana Barabash, Soviet/Russian speed skater
See also
Barabash (rural locality), a rural locality (a selo) in Primorsky Krai, Russia
Barabas
William Fitz Thomas ( died after 1438 ) was Prior of the Hospitallers at Kilmainham from about 1420 to 1438. Even before he became Prior he was clearly a judge and statesman of some importance. In April 1422 the Council appointed him Chief Governor of Ireland: he held that office until the following October. He also served twice as Lord Chancellor of Ireland; there is some confusion as to the dates of his terms of office, but he is first recorded as holding office as Chancellor in 1415, and finally stepped down in 1426. In 1417 he witnessed an important charter of King Henry V of England, guaranteeing the liberties of the citizens of Dublin. Despite his high offices, he was to some extent under the control of the Archbishop of Armagh, in particular as regards his Order's substantial lands in County Louth. The formidable John Swayne, Archbishop of Armagh from 1418 to 1439, was quick to assert his authority: he ordered Fitz Thomas to remove a vicar who was guilty of adultery, and when another vicar resigned due to poverty, Swayne ordered Fitz Thomas to increase the stipend which went with the living, or forfeit the right to present his candidate as vicar. In both cases, Fitz Thomas seems to have felt obliged to comply with the Archbishop's orders.
References
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Head Over Heels is the fifth studio album by French-Canadian electro-funk duo Chromeo. It was released on June 15, 2018, via Big Beat and Atlantic Records. The album features vocals from artists such as The-Dream, French Montana, Stefflon Don, DRAM and Amber Mark, with production work from producers such as Raphael Saadiq, Rodney Jerkins and Pino Palladino.
Background
The album was first announced in November 2017 and a release date for the album in April 2018. It consists of "talk-box–assisted pop songs about dating mishaps, comically disastrous relationships and anxiety-inducing sexual encounters." The album's recording process began 2 years before its release with Chromeo stating "...we were impatient to do the new record – so we spent the last two years working on this one [Head Over Heels]."
Speaking about the album, Chromeo said: "The mission statement for this album, for us, was to kind of pen this overarching love letter to funk music and the different kinds of funk music that have influenced us throughout the years since we discovered funk music when we were teenagers all the way until now... But it's also sort of, you know, going back to the real roots of funk. We made this one much more live, just a little less electronic than our previous two, three albums."
The artwork displays the legs of Chromeo members instead of a pair of women's legs, which is their signature symbol that has been on the artwork of previous albums.
A video for "Don't Sleep" was released on December 7, 2018.
In December 2018, Chromeo received their first Grammy nomination for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical in the 61st Grammy Awards for the album.
Critical reception
Pitchfork described the album as "sound[ing] expert, expensive, accomplished, while being distasteful in almost everything else", rating it 5.7 out of 10. Rolling Stone described the album as consisting of moments that are "fleeting and aren't enough to make one fall head over heels", rating it with 3 out of 5 stars. Songs from the album were described as "chronicles of potential partner worship of goddess devotion" by Drowned in Sound. Slant Magazine called the album a second "White Women".
Track listing
Credits adapted from AllMusic.
Charts
References
2018 albums
Chromeo albums
Big Beat Records (American record label) albums
Albums produced by Jason Evigan
The 2018–19 SMU Mustangs women's basketball team will represent Southern Methodist University in the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Mustangs, led by third year head coach Travis Mays, play their home games at Moody Coliseum and were sixth year members of the American Athletic Conference. They finished the season 11–19, 5–11 in AAC play to finish in a 4 way tie for ninth place. They lost in first round of the American Athletic Women's Tournament to East Carolina.
Media
All Pony Express games will air on KAAM. Before conference season home games will be streamed on Pony Up TV. Conference home games will rotate between ESPN3, AAC Digital, and Pony Up TV. Road games will typically be streamed on the opponents website, though conference road games could also appear on ESPN3 or AAC Digital.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| AAC regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| AAC Women's Tournament
See also
2018–19 SMU Mustangs men's basketball team
References
External links
SMU Mustangs women's basketball official website
SMU Mustangs women's basketball seasons
SMU
Cyperus stenophyllus is a species of sedge that is native to parts of south east Asia.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
stenophyllus
Plants described in 1912
Flora of Thailand
Flora of Indonesia
Flora of New Guinea
Flora of the Philippines
Dmitry Tursunov and Ernests Gulbis were the defending champions, but chose not to participate.
Scott Lipsky and Rajeev Ram won in the final 6–3, 6–7(4–7), [12–10], against Rohan Bopanna and Kristof Vliegen.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Doubles
The 2020 AFC Champions League group stage was played from 10 February to 4 December 2020. A total of 32 teams competed in the group stage to decide the 16 places in the knockout stage of the 2020 AFC Champions League.
The competition was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia after matchday 3 on 4 March 2020. On 9 July 2020, the AFC announced that it would restart on 14 September 2020. All matches after restart were played in Qatar.
Draw
The draw for the group stage was held on 10 December 2019, 16:30 MYT (UTC+8), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four: four groups each in the West Region (Groups A–D) and the East Region (Groups E–H). Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group.
The mechanism of the draw was as follows:
For the West Region, there were no associations draw due to country protection. A draw was held for each of the four associations with more than one direct entrant (United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Iran) to determine for each team their group positions:
The three direct entrants of the United Arab Emirates were drawn to positions A1, B2, or C3, while the play-off winners West 1 (which their play-off team may advance from) were allocated to position D4.
The three direct entrants of Saudi Arabia were drawn to positions B1, C2, or D3, while the play-off winners West 2 (which their play-off team may advance from) were allocated to position A4.
The two direct entrants of Qatar were drawn to positions C1 or D2, while the play-off winners West 3 and 4 (which their play-off teams may advance from) were drawn to positions A3 or B4.
The two direct entrants of Iran were drawn to positions D1 or C4.
The direct entrants of Uzbekistan and Iraq were allocated to positions B3 and A2 respectively.
For the East Region, a draw was held for the two associations with three direct entrants (South Korea, China) to determine the order of associations. After the associations draw, a draw was held for each of the four associations with more than one direct entrant (South Korea, China, Japan, Australia) to determine for each team their group positions:
The three direct entrants of the first association drawn (South Korea or China) were drawn to positions E1, F2, or G3, while the play-off winners East 1 or 2 (which their play-off team may advance from) were allocated to position H4.
The three direct entrants of the second association drawn (South Korea or China) were drawn to positions F1, G2, or H3, while the play-off winners East 1 or 2 (which their play-off team may advance from) were allocated to position E4.
The two direct entrants of Japan were drawn to positions G1 or H2, while the play-off winners East 3 and 4 (which their play-off teams may advance from) were either allocated to F4 and E3 respectively (if South Korea were the first association drawn), or drawn to positions E3 or F4 (if China were the first association drawn).
The two direct entrants of Australia were either drawn to positions H1 or F3 (if South Korea were the first association drawn, or if China were the first association drawn and the play-off winners East 4 were drawn to position E3), or positions H1 or E2 (if China were the first association drawn and the play-off winners East 3 were drawn to position E3).
The direct entrants of Thailand and Malaysia were allocated to either positions G4 and E2 (if South Korea were the first association drawn), positions F3 and G4 (if China were the first association drawn and the play-off winners East 4 were drawn to position E3), or positions E2 and G4 (if China were the first association drawn and the play-off winners East 3 were drawn to position E3) respectively.
The following 32 teams entered into the group stage draw, which included the 24 direct entrants and the eight winners of the play-off round of the qualifying play-offs, whose identity was not known at the time of the draw.
Format
In the group stage, each group was played on a double round-robin basis, with matches played home-and-away before the suspension due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but moved to centralised venues after restart. The winners and runners-up of each group advanced to the round of 16 of the knockout stage.
Tiebreakers
The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, tiebreakers were applied in the following order (Regulations Article 10.5):
Points in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Away goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams; ''(this tiebreaker was removed since the matches were played in centralised venues after restart)
If more than two teams were tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, a subset of teams is still tied, all head-to-head criteria above were reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams;
Goal difference in all group matches;
Goals scored in all group matches;
Penalty shoot-out if only two teams playing each other in the last round of the group were tied;
Disciplinary points (yellow card = 1 point, red card as a result of two yellow cards = 3 points, direct red card = 3 points, yellow card followed by direct red card = 4 points);
Association ranking.
Schedule
The original schedule of each match day, as planned before the COVID-19 pandemic, was as follows.
Matches in the West Region were played on Mondays and Tuesdays. Two groups were played on each day, with the following groups being played on Mondays:
Matchdays 1 and 2: Groups A and B
Matchday 3: Groups A and C
Matchday 4: Groups B and D
Matchdays 5 and 6: Groups C and D
Matches in the East Region were played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Two groups were played on each day, with the following groups being played on Tuesdays:
Matchdays 1 and 2: Groups E and F
Matchday 3: Groups E and G
Matchday 4: Groups F and H
Matchdays 5 and 6: Groups G and H
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia, the Australian federal government banned foreigners travelling from China, and Football Federation Australia told the AFC that Australia could no longer host matches against Chinese teams. The AFC held an emergency meeting on 4 February 2020 to determine plans for the tournament, including but not limited to rescheduling of matches in the East Region. After the meeting, the AFC decided to postpone matches involving Chinese clubs from the first three match days except for Chiangrai United versus Beijing FC:
Group E: FC Seoul v Beijing FC (from 11 February to 28 April), Melbourne Victory v Beijing FC (from 3 March to 28 May)
Group F: Perth Glory v Shanghai Shenhua (from 11 February to 28 April), Ulsan Hyundai v Shanghai Shenhua (from 18 February to 19 May), FC Tokyo v Shanghai Shenhua (from 4 March to 27 May)
Group G: Suwon Samsung Bluewings v Guangzhou Evergrande (from 12 February to 29 April), Johor Darul Ta'zim v Guangzhou Evergrande (from 19 February to 20 May), Vissel Kobe v Guangzhou Evergrande (from 3 March to 26 May)
Group H: Sydney FC v Shanghai SIPG (from 12 February to 29 April), Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors v Shanghai SIPG (from 19 February to 20 May), Yokohama F. Marinos v Shanghai SIPG (from 4 March to 27 May)
the following matches were postponed to a later date between late February and early March, prior to AFC's announcement to postpone all matches:
Group A: Al-Ahli v Al-Shorta and Al-Wahda v Esteghlal (2 March)
Group B: Al-Hilal v Pakhtakor and Shabab Al-Ahli v Shahr Khodro (3 March)
Group C: Persepolis v Al-Taawoun and Al-Duhail v Sharjah (2 March)
Group D: Al-Ain v Al-Sadd and Sepahan v Al-Nassr (3 March), Al-Nassr v Sepahan (6 April)
Group E: FC Seoul v Chiangrai United (3 March)
Group F: Perth Glory v Ulsan Hyundai (4 March, later postponed to 18 March)
After meetings with representatives of the member associations from the West Region held on 7–8 March 2020, it was agreed that all West Region group stage matches on matchdays 4–6 would be postponed to new dates yet to be confirmed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia.
After a meeting with representatives of the member associations from the East Region held on 2 March 2020, it was agreed that group stage matches on matchdays 3–6 which could not be played would be moved to 19–20 May, 26–27 May, 16–17 June and 23–24 June.
The AFC announced on 14 April 2020 that all matches scheduled for May and June would be postponed until further notice. Only 27 group stage matches out of the 96 scheduled had been played by then.
On 9 July 2020, the AFC announced the new schedule for the remaining matches, with all matches played at centralised venues. The West Region matches postponed from matchdays 3–6 would be played on 14–15, 17–18, 20–21 and 23–24 September, and the East Region matches postponed from matchdays 1–6 would be played on 16–17, 19–20, 22–23, 25–26, 28–29 October and 31 October – 1 November. On 10 September 2020, the AFC announced that East Region group stage matches were rescheduled to be played on 18–19, 21–22, 24–25, 27–28 November, 30 November – 1 December and 3–4 December.
Centralised venues after restart
On 16 July 2020, the AFC announced that Qatar would host all West Region matches after restart. On 27 July 2020, the AFC announced that Malaysia would host the East Region matches of Groups G and H after restart. However, on 9 October 2020, the AFC announced that following an agreement with Qatar Football Association, all East Region matches after restart would also be played in Qatar.
The following centralised venues in Qatar were used:
Al Janoub Stadium, Al Wakrah (1 match of Group A, 7 matches of Group B, 2 matches of Group G, 6 matches of Group H)
Education City Stadium, Doha (7 matches of Group C, 1 match of Group D, 2 matches of Group E, 9 matches of Group F)
Jassim bin Hamad Stadium, Doha (1 match of Group C, 7 matches of Group D, 7 matches of Group E, 1 match of Group F)
Khalifa International Stadium, Doha (7 matches of Group A, 1 match of Group B, 7 matches of Group G, 3 matches of Group H)
Groups
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Notes
References
External links
, the-AFC.com
AFC Champions League 2020, stats.the-AFC.com
2
February 2020 sports events in Asia
March 2020 sports events in Asia
September 2020 sports events in Asia
November 2020 sports events in Asia
December 2020 sports events in Asia
Chipulukusu is an informal settlement and a suburb of Ndola, Zambia (east of the town centre). It is located adjacent to the Zambian railway line and behind an urban area called Northrise.
References
Ndola
Still Psycho is the seventh album released by rapper, Ganxsta N.I.P. It was released in 2008 through his own label, Psycho Ward Entertainment. The album was released after 5 years from his last album "The Return of the Psychopath". The only guest on the album is K-Rino. Producers on the album are X-Productions, Mike B, Candyman, Jerry X.
Track listing
"We Can Rebuild Ganxsta Nip"- 4:53
Producer - Mike B
"Brought Me Back from da Dead!"- 3:41
Producer - Candyman
"Nip Is Back!!!"- 3:15
Producer - Mike B*
"Nip-U-Later"- 4:27
"Blood Thirsty"- 3:13
"Down South"- 3:35
"Still Psycho"- 3:21
"Bob Ya Head"- 3:06
"Go Crazy"- 3:27
"Fuck Dem Cops!"- 4:22
"Take Over"- 4:40 (Featuring K-Rino)
"Real Talk"- 3:19
"Conversation with the Reaper"- 3:50
Producer - Candyman (9)
"Streets of South Park"- 3:14
Producer - Jerry X
"Outro"- 1:15
Personnel
Engineer - J-Blast
Mixed By - J-Blast
Photography - Peter Beste
Producer - X-Production* (tracks: 4 to 12)
Written-By - Ganxsta N.I.P
2008 albums
Horrorcore albums
John Polakowski may refer to:
John Polakowski (politician) (born 1896), Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Kortney Jamaal Pollard (born January 12, 1988), who performs under the stage name Mali Music, is a Grammy Award-winning American recording artist, singer-songwriter and producer. His two independently released albums, The Coming (2008) and The 2econd Coming (2009), earned him much critical and underground acclaim. In 2011, he was the first inspirational artist to be a part of BET's acclaimed "Music Matters" series. Signed to RCA Records in 2013, Mali released the single "Beautiful" in anticipation of his first major album release Mali Is..., which was released on June 17, 2014 and earned a Grammy nomination for Best Urban Contemporary Album.
Career
Pollard was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He learned to play the piano at age 5 and at age 11 was active in the ministry of music in his church. In 2011, he signed a short-lived contract with Akon's label Konvict Muzik.
The 2econd Coming was released on October 20, 2009, Ready Aim & Beautiful on February 26, 2013 and Mali Is... on June 17, 2014.
Discography
Studio albums
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
African-American male singer-songwriters
American gospel singers
American contemporary R&B singers
Performers of Christian contemporary R&B music
Musicians from Phoenix, Arizona
RCA Records artists
21st-century African-American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Arizona
Gerbera ( or ) L. is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae (Compositae) family. The first scientific description of a Gerbera was made by J. D. Hooker in Curtis's Botanical Magazine in 1889 when he described Gerbera jamesonii, a South African species also known as Transvaal daisy or Barberton daisy. Gerbera is also commonly known as the African daisy.
Etymology
The genus was named in honour of German botanist and medical doctor Traugott Gerber (1710 — 1743) who travelled extensively in Russia and was a friend of Carl Linnaeus.
Description
Gerbera species are tufted, caulescent, perennial herbs, often with woolly crown, up to 80 cm high. Leaves are all in rosette, elliptical with entire or toothed margin or lobed, petiolate or with a petaloid base, pinnately veined, often leathery and felted beneath. Single to several flowering stems from each rosette bear bracteate or ebracteate, simple, one-headed inflorescence-capitulum. Capitula are radiate, with several rows of bracts. Ray florets are female, 2-lipped, the outer lip is large and strap-shaped, inner lip consists of two small, thread-like lobes of white, pink or red, rarely yellow colour. Disc florets are fertile, five-lobed and irregularly 2-lipped with curled petals.
Species
Formerly included numerous species once considered members of Gerbera are now regarded as more suited to other genera: Chaptalia, Leibnitzia, Mairia, Perdicium, Trichocline, and Oreoseris.
In accordance with International Plant Names Index genus Gerbera includes 22 accepted species:
Section Gerbera
Gerbera crocea Kuntze — Dialstee
Gerbera grandis J.C.Manning & Simka
Gerbera linnaei Cass. — Varingblom
Gerbera ovata J.C.Manning & Simka
Gerbera serrata Druce
Gerbera tomentosa DC.
Gerbera wrightii Harv.
Section Lasiopus (Cass.) Sch.Bip.
Gerbera ambigua Sch.Bip.
Gerbera aurantiaca Sch.Bip. — Hilton daisy
Gerbera galpinii Klatt — Galpin's gerbera
Gerbera jamesonii Bolus — Barberton daisy, Gerbera daisy, Transvaal daisy
Gerbera sylvicola Johnson, N.R.Crouch & T.J.Edwards
Gerbera viridifolia (DC.) Sch.Bip. — Pink gerbera
Section Pseudoseris (Baill.) Jeffr.
Gerbera bojeri Sch.Bip. — Bojer's gerbera
Gerbera diversifolia Humbert
Gerbera elliptica Humbert
Gerbera emirnensis Baker
Gerbera hypochaeridoides Baker
Gerbera leandrii Humbert
Gerbera perrieri Humbert
Gerbera petasitifolia Humbert
Section Parva H.V.Hansen
Gerbera parva N.E.Br.
Distribution
Gerbera is native to tropical regions of Africa. It was introduced into countries of Latin America and Southeast Asia.
Uses
Gerbera is very popular and widely used as a decorative garden plant or as cut flowers. The domesticated cultivars are mostly a result of a cross between Gerbera jamesonii and another South African species Gerbera viridifolia. The cross is known as Gerbera × hybrida. Thousands of cultivars exist. They vary greatly in shape and size. Colours include white, yellow, orange, red, and pink. The centre of the flower is sometimes black. Often the same flower can have petals of several different colours. The flower-heads (capitula) can be as small as 7 cm (Gerbera 'mini Harley') in diameter or up to 12 cm (Gerbera ‘Golden Serena').
Gerbera is also important commercially. It is the fifth most used cut flower in the world (after rose, carnation, chrysanthemum, and tulip). It is also used as a model organism in studying flower formation.
Gerbera contains naturally occurring coumarin derivatives. It is attractive to bees, butterflies, and birds, but resistant to deer. Small ones are called gerbrinis.
References
Sources
Hansen, Hans V. A taxonomic revision of the genus Gerbera (Compositae, Mutisieae) sections Gerbera, Parva, Piloselloides (in Africa), and Lasiopus (Opera botanica. No. 78; 1985), .
Nesom, G .L. 2004. Response to "The Gerbera complex (Asteraceae, Mutisieae): to split or not to split" by Liliana Katinas. Sida 21:941–942.
Bremer K. 1994: Asteraceae: cladistics and classification. Timber Press: Portland, Oregon.
External links
Gerbera.org—official website of the Gerbera Association—established in Barberton, South Africa
Traugott-Gerber-Museum, Germany (German)
Asteraceae genera
Garden plants
Mutisieae
The Macaw Society (formerly known as the Tambopata Macaw Project) is a long-term research project on the ecology and conservation of macaws and parrots under the direction of Donald Brightsmith and Gabriela Vigo of the Schubot Center for Avian Health at the Texas A&M University. The project has been working with wildlife and local communities since 1989. The long-term research and monitoring have provided many insights into various aspects of parrot and wildlife of south-eastern Peru. Macaws are among the most effective flagship species for ecosystem conservation in the Amazonian rainforest.
Location
The main operation of The Macaw Society focuses on a large uninhabited track of primary tropical lowland forest surrounding the Colorado Clay Lick, which is situated in the Tambopata National Reserve on the upper Tambopata River, very near to the Bahuaja-Sonene National Park, in the Madre de Dios Region of Peru. From 1989 until March 2020 the project was headquartered in the Tambopata Research Center (TRC), a tourist lodge operated by the company Rainforest Expeditions.
The Madre de Dios Region hosts a unique forest environment, with the highest concentrations of avian clay licks in the world. A range of animals comes to satisfy their need for salt along the river banks of the region. Sometimes hundreds of macaws can be seen at the Colorado and Chuncho clay licks near to the Tambopata National Reserve.
History
The project, which was established by Peruvian Eduardo Nycander, grew out of and was based on previous research by Charles A. Munn III done in the nearby Manu National Park. In 1991 and 1992, the researchers accelerated the formation of natural dead palm cavities by cutting off the crowns of 23 live maurita palms (Mauritia flexuosa) in a natural monoculture of thousands of these palms in a 0.5 km2 swamp near the Tambopata Research Center (TRC), as blue-and-yellow macaws in the region almost exclusively nest in dead mauritia palms. Decapitating these palms began the process of rotting the interior of the trunks, which eventually provides nesting sites for these macaws.
With the aim of providing nesting sites for large macaws in 1990, nest boxes made of palm (Iriartea ventricosa) were hung on branches of Dipteryx micrantha trees. Between 1992 and 1993, a total of eight wooden boxes made of tropical cedar (Cedrela odorata) and 21 artificial nests made from large PVC pipes were built and hung around TRC.
Based on field experience working with wild macaw chicks, researchers were able to determine which nestlings would die. These nestlings were removed, handfed for months and released, thereby increasing the reproductive output of the wild population. Between 1992-1994 breeding seasons a variety of methods of rescuing and hand-raising of otherwise doomed nestlings were tested. In the period of 1992–1995, 6 blue-and-yellow macaws (Ara ararauna), 5 red-and-green macaws (Ara chloropterus), and 21 scarlet macaws (Ara macao) were hand-raised and released into the wild population. These individuals later were called "Chicos" (the kids). These birds fledged and gradually integrated themselves into the wild macaw population.
In November 1999, Donald Brightsmith became the director of the research project. Under his leadership, a broad spectrum of scientific research has been carried out by the project. Since 2006 the project's leading patron is the Schubot Center for Avian Health, College of Veterinary Medicine, Texas A&M University. Gabriela Vigo joined the project's leadership team in 2005. In 2020, the name of the project was changed to The Macaw Society (Sociedad Pro Guacamayos in Spanish).
Research objectives
The principal aim of The Macaw Society is to study the various aspects of the ecology of large macaws and parrots in the Neotropics to help better understand the interactions among clay lick use, food supply, breeding season, breeding success, abundance, and movements. This information can aid conservation-focused projects on parrots worldwide.
A great interest to the project was that clay lick use by large macaws at the Colorado Clay Lick was very low in 2009 due to the changes in vegetation and soil conditions. However, in early 2010 the Peruvian government, together with the members of the research project managed the clay lick to help restore the large macaw usage. As a result, there was a unique opportunity to study the same populations of macaws both with and without clay lick use.
Another important aim of the project is to help train new generations of conservation scientists. As a result, the project works closely with young Peruvian and foreign assistants and helps them gain the skills they need for conducting research. Students interested in conducting their own independent studies as parts of independent study classes, or theses at the undergrad, M.Sc. or Ph.D. levels are encouraged to apply to study one of the many aspects of macaw and parrot biology at the sites.
Studies
The staff of The Macaw Society monitors year round the clay lick activity at the Colorado Clay Lick, conducts parrot census in the forest, collects data on foraging of wild macaws, and records climate data in the Tambopata National Reserve. For more than a decade, the project has systematically recorded breeding biology data from large macaws. This study is carried out during the reproductive season of the macaws between November–March, by climbing natural and artificial nests in the region.
Since 2009, extensive veterinary research was carried out during the breeding seasons on adult and young macaws under the direction of Sharman Hoppes. These studies determined the health status of adult and young parrots to use this information to help manage parrots in captivity. Studies on psittacine diseases were also carried out with avian vets including Ian Tizard, David Phalen, and Jeff Musser.
In 2008, with the support of Janice Boyd, the project started a satellite telemetry study on captured macaws in the wild to investigate their home-range use and seasonal movements. George Olah studied the ecology and population genetics of large macaws in the Tambopata-Candamo region. Gustavo Martinez studied phenology, interaction between climate, food availability and parrot abundance in Tambopata. His study determined how large macaw nest success varied with relation to food supply and climate. Gabriela Vigo studied the nesting ecology and nesting behaviour of scarlet macaws, and proposed recommendations with implications for their conservation management.
From 2017 to 2019 (three breeding seasons), as part of Vigo's PhD research, the project started the "wild macaws as foster parents" program by testing wild macaws to increase chick survival. The technique was categorically successful, as all relocated foster chicks were accepted by their foster parents (as of 2019).
Ecotourism and voluntarism
The presence of macaws in an area destined for ecotourism in tropical America greatly increases its value. The presence of clay licks and nests where macaws are predictable and can be habituated to human presence increases the value of each macaw and therefore of the whole area. Wild macaws habituate readily to noisy, exposed groups of tourists and are excellent subjects for wildlife photographers. Until 2018, the project has worked closely with Rainforest Expeditions, an ecotourism company that hosted the project at their TRC eco-lodge, and provided the project with partial salaries, transportation, food, lodging, and logistics. In March 2020, The Macaw Society has moved out of the Tambopata Research Center, and it is no longer working with the commercial company Rainforest Expeditions nor using the name Tambopata Macaw Project.
The project also has attracted over 800 national and international volunteers, many of whom are now associated with the project on an ongoing basis. The project has been also serving as an effective mechanism to find and train talented young conservation professionals and activists.
Media coverage
Since its beginning as The Tambopata Macaw Project, it has received substantial magazine and media coverage within Peru and internationally, thanks to its volunteers, the visiting tourists, tour operators, journalists, photographers and filmmakers.
The work of the project was featured in the documentary movie The Macaw Project – Biologists, Ecotourists and Local Communities for the Amazonian Rainforest produced by Wildlife Messengers. The 26-minute documentary was made with the aim to direct public attention towards the problems that macaws and other creatures face in their natural habitat and the importance of scientific conservation research in this region. The film differed from previous nature documentaries because it was filmed mainly by the researchers themselves, something that is rarely seen on the screen. It explained the newest methods of conservation biology and presented up-to-date findings of the project in a comprehensible way.
References
External links
Website of Schubot Center for Avian Health
Bird conservation organizations
Nature conservation in Peru
Animal welfare organisations based in Peru
Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP) is described by the informational . Older versions of this protocol became a de-facto industrial standard for pragmatic provisioning of digital certificates mostly for network equipment.
The protocol has been designed to make the request and issuing of digital certificates as simple as possible for any standard network user. These processes have usually required intensive input from network administrators, and so have not been suited to large-scale deployments.
Popularity
The Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol still is the most popular and widely available certificate enrollment protocol, being used by numerous manufacturers of network equipment and software who are developing simplified means of handling certificates for large-scale implementation to everyday users. It is used for example by the Cisco IOS operating system (even if Cisco is now pushing the slightly more featured EST) and iPhones to enroll in enterprises PKI. Most PKI software (specifically RA implementations) supports it, including the Network Device Enrollment Service (NDES) of Active Directory Certificate Service.
Criticism
Legacy versions of SCEP, which still are employed in the vast majority of implementations, are limited to enrolling certificates for RSA keys only.
Due to the use of the self-signed PKCS#10 format for Certificate Signing Requests (CSR), certificates can be enrolled only for keys that support signing. A limitation shared by other enrollment protocols based on PKCS#10 CSRs, e.g., EST and ACME, or even the web-based enrollment workflow of most PKI software where the requester starts by generating a key pair and a CSR in PKCS#10 format. The CRMF format, as used by CMP and CMS, is more flexible here, supporting also keys that are usable for encryption or key agreement only.
Although proof-of-origin of certificate enrollment requests, i.e., authentication of the certificate requestor, is the most critical security requirement, for pragmatic reasons its support is not strictly required within SCEP. Signature-based client authentication using an already existing certificate would be the preferred mechanism but in many use cases is not possible or not supported by the given deployments. As an alternative, SCEP just provides the use of a shared secret, which should be client-specific and used only once.
The confidentiality of the shared secret optionally used for source authentication is fragile because it must be included in the 'challengePassword' field of the CSR, which is then protected by an outer encryption. It would have been more secure to use a password-based MAC algorithm such as HMAC.
Encrypting the whole PKCS#10 structure in order to protect the 'challengePassword' field (which is used for self-contained source authentication) has a further drawback: the whole CSR becomes unreadable for all parties except the intended ultimate receiver (the CA), although most of its contents is not confidential. So the PKCS#10 structure cannot be checked by intermediate agents such as an RA.
History
SCEP was designed by Verisign for Cisco as a lean alternative to Certificate Management over CMS (CMC) and the very powerful but also rather bulky Certificate Management Protocol (CMP). In around 2010, Cisco suspended work on SCEP and developed EST instead. In 2015, Peter Gutmann revived the Internet Draft due to SCEP widespread use in industry and in other standards. He updated the draft with more modern algorithms corrected numerous issues in the original specification. In September 2020, the draft was published as informational , more than twenty years after the beginning of the standardization effort. The new version also supports enrollment of non-RSA certificates (e.g., for ECC public keys).
See also
Certificate Management Protocol (CMP)
Certificate Management over CMS (CMC)
Enrollment over Secure Transport (EST)
Automated Certificate Management Environment (ACME)
External links
Slide deck describing SCEP: pkix-3.pdf
References
Cryptographic protocols
Internet Standards
Bushkan (, also Romanized as Būshkān and Booshakan; also known as Būshgān) is a city in Bushkan Rural District, Bushkan District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,337, in 513 families.
References
Populated places in Dashtestan County
Cities in Bushehr Province
Endler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adolf Endler (1930–2009), German lyric poet, essayist, and prose author
Christiane Endler (born 1991), Chilean football goalkeeper
John Endler (born 1947), ethologist and evolutionary biologist
Michaela Endler (born 1945), German cross-country skier
The 1931 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the fourth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Kilkenny in the All-Ireland semi-final.
On 27 September 1931 Kilkenny won the championship following a 4-7 to 2-3 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
The Connacht Championship is contested for the first time.
Antrim wins the Ulster title for the first time in their history.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Stephidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Miostephos Bowman, 1976
Parastephos Sars, 1902
Speleohvarella Kršinic, 2005
Stephos Scott, 1892
References
Copepods
Denise Lucy Wilson is a New Zealand health academic. She is Māori, of Ngāti Tahinga descent, and is currently a full professor of Māori health at the Auckland University of Technology. She is a Fellow of the Royal Society Te Apārangi.
Academic career
After a background in nursing she did an MSc titled 'Through the looking glass: nurses' responses to women experiencing partner abuse' and PhD titled 'Ngā kairaranga oranga / The weavers of health and wellbeing: a grounded theory study''' at the Massey University. She then moved to the Auckland University of Technology, rising to full professor.
She has received media coverage for her work on domestic violence.
She is a keynote speaker at the biennial All Together Better Health (ATBH) Conferences organized by World Committee.
Awards
In 2019 Wilson was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Nursing. In March 2021, she was made a Fellow of the Royal Society Te Apārangi, recognising her research is "greatly contributing to efforts to reduce health disparities of Māori and other Indigenous people globally".
Selected works
Wilson, Denise, and Stephen Neville. "Culturally safe research with vulnerable populations." Contemporary Nurse 33, no. 1 (2009): 69–79.
Huntington, Annette, Jean Gilmour, Anthony Tuckett, Stephen Neville, Denise Wilson, and Catherine Turner. "Is anybody listening? A qualitative study of nurses' reflections on practice." Journal of Clinical Nursing 20, no. 9‐10 (2011): 1413–1422.
Wilson, Denise. "The significance of a culturally appropriate health service for Indigenous Māori women." Contemporary Nurse 28, no. 1-2 (2008): 173–188.
Wilson, Denise, and Stephen Neville. "Nursing their way not our way: Working with vulnerable and marginalised populations." Contemporary Nurse 27, no. 2 (2008): 165–176.
Wilson, Denise, and Pipi Barton. "Indigenous hospital experiences: a New Zealand case study." Journal of Clinical Nursing'' 21, no. 15‐16 (2012): 2316–2326.
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand women academics
Massey University alumni
Auckland University of Technology faculty
Waikato Tainui
New Zealand nurses
New Zealand medical researchers
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand Māori academics
New Zealand Māori women academics
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
Fellows of the American Academy of Nursing
Aleksander Boliyan (born 27 July 1989) is a Turkmen international footballer. He is currently playing for Balkan FK, and plays on the Turkmenistan national football team.
Club career
Aleksander Boliyan played his first match for Şagadam Türkmenbaşy when he was 16. In his first season for club (2006) he scored 5 goals, then 1 goal in 2007, (unknown number in 2008) and 2 goals in 2009. In 2010 season he became his club's top goalscorer with 5 goals. Next season he moved to FC Ahal (6 goals), but later at summer transfer window he returned to Şagadam. 2012 season was his best season at Şagadam – he scored 23 goals and became League topscorer. From 2015 season player of FK Dinamo Samarqand.
Career statistics
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 24 May 2014
International goals
References
1989 births
Living people
Turkmenistan footballers
Turkmenistan expatriate footballers
Turkmenistan international footballers
Association football forwards
People from Türkmenbaşy
Turkmenistan people of Armenian descent
Turkmenistan expatriate sportspeople in Uzbekistan
Expatriate footballers in Uzbekistan
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Turkmenistan
Wells Fargo Place (30 East 7th Street) is an office tower in St. Paul, Minnesota, United States. It stands at tall, and is currently the tallest building in St. Paul. It was designed by Winsor/Faricy Architects, Inc. and WZMH Architects, and is 37 stories tall. The building opened in September 1987, a month ahead of schedule and under budget. It is a concrete and steel structure, with a facade of brown-colored granite and glass. The granite came from Finland. The building contains 156 underground parking spaces. It was formerly known as The Minnesota World Trade Center. Anthrosphere, a large sculpture by Paul Granlund, is in the lobby.
The tower houses offices used by Wells Fargo, who renamed the building Wells Fargo Place on May 15, 2003. It also houses the headquarters of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System. The building was designed for the 36th and 37th floors to be used as a restaurant with a dedicated elevator between the floors. While built to design, including the dedicated elevator, this was never implemented and the space was divided up into storage lockers that are listed for lease on their website.
The building was developed by Oxford Properties Inc, the design architect was WZMH, the general contractor was PCL, and the permanent lender was Principal of Des Moines, Iowa. Windsor Faricy was the local production architect. Radio station WDGY has an FM translator located atop the building on 92.1 MHz.
Tenants
AgriBank
Arch Insurance Group
Microsoft
Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System - Suite 350
Merrill Lynch
Internal Revenue Service
Wells Fargo
Video Update (closed 2003)
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Minnesota
References
External links
Official Website
Skyscraper office buildings in Saint Paul, Minnesota
World Trade Centers
WZMH Architects buildings
Office buildings completed in 1987
1987 establishments in Minnesota
Zeeland is a province of the Netherlands.
Zeeland may also refer to:
Zeeland (album), a 1997 album by German band La! Neu?
Zeeland, Gelderland, a hamlet in Berg en Dal in the Netherlands
Zeeland, Michigan, a city in the United States
Zeeland, North Brabant, a village in the Netherlands
Zeeland, North Dakota, a city in the United States
County of Zeeland, an historical county in the Netherlands
HNLMS Zeeland, several Dutch navy ships
SS Zeeland, a list of ocean liners
See also
New Zealand (disambiguation)
Sealand (disambiguation)
Seeland (disambiguation)
Zealand (disambiguation)
Zeelandia (disambiguation)
The Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 21 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 09:47.
Final
The final was held at 18:03.
References
Men's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
Mostly Coltrane is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label. The album is a tribute to influential sax player John Coltrane, with whom Kuhn performed for a short period in 1960.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars stating "Mostly Coltrane easily stands out as one of the best CDs among the countless tributes to John Coltrane and is one of Steve Kuhn's essential recordings within his extensive discography".
Track listing
All compositions by John Coltrane except as indicated
"Welcome" - 5:00
"Song of Praise" - 7:31
"Crescent" - 6:23
"I Want to Talk About You" (Billy Eckstine) - 6:00
"The Night Has a Thousand Eyes" (Buddy Bernier, Jerry Brainin) - 8:45
"Living Space" - 5:12
"Central Park West" - 3:50
"Like Sonny" - 6:04
"With Gratitude" (Steve Kuhn) - 3:41
"Configuration" - 4:19
"Jimmy's Mode" - 6:53
"Spiritual" - 8:21
"Trance" (Kuhn) - 5:24
Personnel
Steve Kuhn - piano
Joe Lovano - tenor saxophone, tarogato
David Finck - bass
Joey Baron - drums
References
ECM Records albums
Steve Kuhn albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
The coat of arms of the Faroe Islands first appears on one of the medieval chairs in Kirkjubøur from around the 15th century. It depicts a silver ram () passant with golden hooves and horns on an azure shield. Later uses show a ram in a seal used by the , members of the Old Faroese law Court, the Løgting.
When the Løgting was abolished in 1816, the coat of arms went out of use, not appearing even after the Løgting was reestablished in 1852 and the Faroe Islands were effectively outside direct Danish rule during the British occupation in World War II.
In 1948, the coat of arms came into use again after the Home Rule Act came into force, not by the Løgting (Parliament) but by the Landsstýri (Government). The old title Løgmaður had been reestablished, but this time as the leader of the government, and the coat of arms followed him.
On 1 April 2004, the Prime Minister's Office announced that from then on that it would use a new version of the coat of arms. This new interpretation was based on the original found depicted on the chairs from Kirkjubøur. The colours were inspired from the Faroese flag , and golden yellow was added. The new coat of arms depicts a ram on a blue shield ready to defend. It can be used by Cabinet Ministries and by official Faroese representatives, though some still use the old symbol.
References
National symbols of the Faroe Islands
Faroe Islands
Faroe Islands
Faroe Islands
The Chobanids (Turkish: Çobanoğulları or Çobanoğulları Beyliği) were the ruling dynasty of the Anatolian beylik that controlled the city and region of Kastamonu in the 13th century.
History
The founder of the dynasty was Hüsamettin Çoban, a prominent Kayı statesman and a commander of the Sultans of Rum during the reigns of Kaykaus I and his successor Kayqubad I. In the early decades of the 13th century, Hüsamettin Çoban was one of the commanders of the raids that extended Seljuq territory in northern Anatolia at the expense of the Byzantine Empire of Trebizond. As a result, he had acquired Kastamonu as a fiefdom. Between 1224 and 1227, he also led the Seljuq army and fleet that set sail from Sinop and captured and fortified the city of Sudak in Crimea.
After Hüsamettin Çoban's death, his hereditary possessions centered in Kastamonu were ruled respectively by his son and grandson, Alp Yürek and Yavlak Arslan. Until the last years of Yavlak Arslan's reign, the Chobanid Beys pursued a prudent policy of allegiance to the Mongols who had established their hegemony over Anatolia following the Battle of Köse Dag. A rebellion in the end by Yavlak Arslan resulted in his death in battle before Kastamonu against combined Seljuq–Mongol forces, and the region was given to the Seljuq commander Shams al-Din Yaman Jandar, whose descendants were to found the Jandarid Principality in the same region.
Yaman Candar was momentarily pushed out of the region by Yavlak Arslan's son Çobanoğlu Mahmud Bey, who also organized further raids into Byzantine territory to extend his domain. But in 1309, this last Bey of Chobanids fell victim to an ambush by Yaman Candar's son Candaroğlu Süleyman Pasha and the region of Kastamonu passed to the Jandarids.
Chobanid dynasty left important works of architecture in and around Kastamonu. The Ottomans were vassals between 1281 and 1299 but declared independence after Yavlak Arslan stopped raiding the Byzantines in 1299.
List of rulers
Hüsamettin Çoban (from 1227)
Alp Yürek (d. 1280)
Muzaffer al-Din Yavlak Arslan (1280–1292)
Çobanoğlu Mahmud Bey (1292–1309)
See also
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
References
Further reading
External links
Anatolian beyliks
History of Kastamonu Province
States and territories established in 1211
Seljuk dynasty
History of Kastamonu
Sunni dynasties
Iain Somerled MacDonald MacCormick (28 September 1939 – 19 September 2014) was a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician.
Early life
MacCormick was born in Glasgow. He was educated at the High School of Glasgow and Glasgow University. He worked as a computer salesman, before leaving Glasgow in 1965 to become a teacher at Oban High School.
Political career
MacCormick belonged to a family steeped in nationalist politics: his father John MacCormick was one of the founders of the SNP, while his brother Neil was, from 1999 to 2004, one of Scotland's Members of the European Parliament, again for the Nationalists. He stood as the SNP candidate for Member of Parliament for Argyll in 1970. On his second attempt, MacCormick was elected Member of Parliament for Argyll at the February 1974 general election, gaining the seat from the Conservatives. He was re-elected in October 1974. At the 1979 general election he was defeated by the Conservative John MacKay. He was then elected to the Argyll and Bute District Council, after standing in a by-election in September 1979.
MacCormick was one of the original members of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), founded in 1981. He later returned to the SNP.
MacCormick died on the night of 19 September 2014 aged 74.
References
Bibliography
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
Who's Who (155th edition, 2003)
External links
1939 births
2014 deaths
People educated at the High School of Glasgow
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Scottish schoolteachers
Scottish National Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Social Democratic Party (UK) politicians
Autódromo Internacional de Santa Cruz do Sul is a motorsports circuit located in Santa Cruz do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul. It has been hosted to the Formula 3 Sudamericana, Fórmula Truck and Stock Car Brasil series.
Inaugurated on 12 June 2005, the track has received entries from almost all major categories of Brazil. It also hosted the Brazilian Formula Three Championship.
Lap records
The official fastest lap records at the Autódromo Internacional de Santa Cruz do Sul are listed as:
External links
Map and circuit history at RacingCircuits.info
References
Motorsport venues in Rio Grande do Sul
Sports venues in Rio Grande do Sul
Jani Juntunen is a Finnish Radio host. He is known for his radio broadcasts on Radiomafia and Radio Rock. He hosted the Yle TV1 programme NOW and the list and was the Finnish commentator at the Eurovision Song Contest between 1999 and 2001.
References
External links
Yleisradio bio
Living people
Finnish radio personalities
Finnish television presenters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Donkeyboy (occasionally stylised as donkeyboy) is a synthpop band from Drammen, Norway, formed in 2005. The band consists of Cato Sundberg (vocals, rhythm guitar), Kent Sundberg (synth, vocals), Peter Michelsen (guitar, backing vocals) and Thomas Drabløs (drums)
History
Donkeyboy were signed to Warner Music after an employee came across their music on MySpace. Their debut single, "Ambitions" was released on 26 March 2009 and was put into heavy rotation by NRK P3. The song's chorus is built around a bassline similar to those used on Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean" and some of Madonna's 1980s songs. The song features guest vocals by Linnea Dale. "Ambitions" debuted on the Norwegian singles chart at number seven on 6 April 2009, and reached the number one spot on 29 June, after 13 weeks on the charts. "Ambitions" remained at the number one spot for 12 consecutive weeks, before being replaced by the band's second single "Sometimes" on September 22. This was the first time ever for a Norwegian artist to occupy the top two spots on the singles chart. Guitarist Peter Michelsen described the situation as "completely absurd".
Donkeyboy's debut album Caught in a Life was released on 19 October 2009. It was produced by Simen & Espen at Livingroom Studios in Oslo. Sven Ove Bakke of Dagbladet gave the album four out of six, and described it as "revolving around its already established hits with a combination of self-assured conviction and uneasy duteousness." He concluded that the album was overshadowed by its hit single. The band supported fellow Norwegians a-ha in the UK and Oslo legs of their Foot of the Mountain tour in November 2009, and in 2011 Donkeyboy won a European Border Breakers Award for their international success.
Donkeyboy's second album Silver Moon was released on March 2, 2012, and in 2013 they released the single "Triggerfinger" featuring vocals by Kiesza.
Honours
2009: Three times Spellemannprisen in the categories this year's Hit song, Newcomer and Musical video, for the album Caught in a Life and the tune/video "Ambitions"
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Norwegian pop music groups
Spellemannprisen winners
Musical groups established in 2005
2005 establishments in Norway
Musical groups from Drammen
Sturgis is an unincorporated community in northeastern Cimarron County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located on a railroad just north of U.S. Route 56. It is approximately 14 miles southwest of Elkhart, Kansas, and less than 28 miles northeast of the Cimarron County seat, Boise City.
Sturgis was connected to both Elkhart and Boise City by the Elkhart and Santa Fe Railway (both leased to and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway), which came through in 1925. The line is now part of the Cimarron Valley Railroad.
The Tri-State Point where Oklahoma, Kansas and Colorado come together, known as Eight Mile Corner, is about nine miles north of Sturgis.
References
Unincorporated communities in Cimarron County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Oklahoma Panhandle
Rebecca Henderson (born 1980) is a Canadian actress.
Life and career
Henderson was born and raised in Canada. She moved to New York for college, and holds an M.F.A. from Columbia University.
Henderson is known for her portrayal of Lizzy on the Netflix series Russian Doll, the quirky and endearing overall-clad lesbian best friend who quickly became a fan favorite. Of the role, she shared "I'm a real caretaker with my wife and my friends. That's probably the biggest overlap between me and Lizzy."
She is also known for her roles in independent films Appropriate Behavior, They Remain, and Mickey and the Bear. In October 2019, it was announced that Henderson would star alongside Sigourney Weaver and Kevin Kline in Amblin Partners' feature The Good House. In 2021, she joined the main cast of Freeform's Single Drunk Female as Olivia, a "brilliant melancholic lesbian" and accoladed journalist. She joined cast of the Hulu comedy Sex Appeal in April 2021.
Filmography
Film
Television
Videogames
Awards and honors
Henderson received a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Ensemble performance in Signature Theatre's 2015 revival of “The Wayside Motor Inn” by A.R. Gurney.
Personal Life
Henderson identifies as a lesbian. In 2016, Henderson married writer-director Leslye Headland. They reside in New York. She is best friends with Katherine Waterston.
References
External links
21st-century Canadian actresses
Living people
1980 births
Columbia University alumni
Canadian lesbian actresses
Maly Urala (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 55 as of 2010.
Geography
Maly Urala is located 44 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunada River. Urala and Bolshoy Urala are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Doshman Ziari (, also Romanized as Doshman Zīārī; also known as Doshman Zīādī and Dushman Zīāri) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,530, in 345 families.
References
Populated places in Beyza County
Charlie Mason is an American lyricist whose credits include releases by Miley Cyrus, Girls' Generation, Eric Saade, Abraham Mateo, BoA, Ross Lynch, Monrose, Sergey Lazarev, Sweet California, Danny Saucedo, Sarah Connor, Robin Beck, Jason DEE, and Queensberry.
Eurovision work
Mason co-wrote the Eurovision Song Contest 2014-winning song "Rise Like a Phoenix", sung by Austrian artist Conchita Wurst, as well as the Slovenia's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2015, Here for You, sung by Maraaya and the English version of Serbia's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015, "Beauty Never Lies", sung by Bojana Stamenov. In 2016, he wrote "Half a Smile", a song in the 2016 Switzerland selection for Eurovision.
Early career
Mason got his start as a lyricist working with German vocalist-musician Dirk Homuth on songs for an alt-pop group which Homuth named Almost Charlie so that, although his friend is "unable to play any instrument more complicated than a toaster", he could still be represented in some way. To date, the act has released three albums, "Loving Counterclockwise" (2006), "The Plural of Yes" (2009) and "Tomorrow's Yesterday" (2012).
Since then, Mason has written lyrics in nearly every genre, for artists including House of Lords, Gigi Radics, Oscar Zia, Ashley Tisdale, Andrey Tikhonov, Electrovamp, Jonathan Fagerlund, Jane Badler and Miss Coco Peru. His personal projects have included albums by Kim David Smith and Amelia's Fault, and singles by Nathalie Archangel and former Vanity 6 and Apollonia 6 member Brenda Bennett.
Entries in the Eurovision Song Contest
"L'amore è femmina" by Nina Zilli, Italy, (Eurovision Song Contest 2012), 9th place
"Rise Like a Phoenix" by Conchita Wurst, Austria, (Eurovision Song Contest 2014), 1st place
"Beauty Never Lies" by Bojana Stamenov, Serbia, (Eurovision Song Contest 2015), 10th place
"Here for You" by Maraaya, Slovenia, (Eurovision Song Contest 2015), 14th place
"The Dream" by Roko, Croatia, (Eurovision Song Contest 2019), 14th place (Semi-final 2)
"Heartbeat" by Petar Aničić, Serbia, (Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020), 11th place
"Amen" by Ana Soklič, Slovenia, (Eurovision Song Contest 2021), 13th place (Semi-final 1)
References
External links
American lyricists
Living people
Musicians from New Orleans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eurovision Song Contest winners
Songwriters from Louisiana
In differential geometry, a complete Riemannian manifold is called a Ricci soliton if, and only if, there exists a smooth vector field such that
for some constant . Here is the Ricci curvature tensor and represents the Lie derivative. If there exists a function such that we call a gradient Ricci soliton and the soliton equation becomes
Note that when or the above equations reduce to the Einstein equation. For this reason Ricci solitons are a generalization of Einstein manifolds.
Self-similar solutions to Ricci flow
A Ricci soliton yields a self-similar solution to the Ricci flow equation
In particular, letting
and integrating the time-dependent vector field to give a family of diffeormorphisms , with the identity, yields a Ricci flow solution by taking
In this expression refers to the pullback of the metric by the diffeomorphism . Therefore, up to diffeomorphism and depending on the sign of , a Ricci soliton homothetically shrinks, remains steady or expands under Ricci flow.
Examples of Ricci solitons
Shrinking ()
Gaussian shrinking soliton
Shrinking round sphere
Shrinking round cylinder
The four dimensional FIK shrinker
Compact gradient Kahler-Ricci shrinkers
Einstein manifolds of positive scalar curvature
Steady ()
The 2d cigar soliton (a.k.a. Witten's black hole)
The 3d rotationally symmetric Bryant soliton and its generalization to higher dimensions
Ricci flat manifolds
Expanding ()
Expanding Kahler-Ricci solitons on the complex line bundles over .
Einstein manifolds of negative scalar curvature
Singularity models in Ricci flow
Shrinking and steady Ricci solitons are fundamental objects in the study of Ricci flow as they appear as blow-up limits of singularities. In particular, it is known that all Type I singularities are modeled on non-collapsed gradient shrinking Ricci solitons. Type II singularities are expected to be modeled on steady Ricci solitons in general, however to date this has not been proven, even though all known examples are.
Notes
References
Riemannian geometry
"Aerial Love" is the debut solo single by Australian recording artist, Daniel Johns. It was released on 29 January 2015 as the lead single from his debut solo studio album, Talk. It peaked at number 21 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
Johns said the sing "is about loneliness, sex and uninhibited love." In speaking with Today John said "It's taken so long to release new music because when we decided to take a break from Silverchair, I took time to step away from the spotlight and just craft a little bit. The video is me on my own personal journey through a desert which is metaphor for loneliness and discovering a world of sexual being and a world of uninhibited love."
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2015, the song was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Video.
The song was shortlisted for Song of the Year at the APRA Music Awards of 2016.
Music video
The music video was directed by Lorin Askill and was filmed on the Stockton Dunes just outside of Newcastle, New South Wales and has been designed to mirror "the song's weightless, timeless, slyly carnal feel".
Reception
auspOp described the song as "gorgeous, slick, stripped-back, smooth and soft and melds beautifully with Daniel's delicate vocal."
Monica Tan from The Guardian described the song as "a soft and slow, soulful ballad... that sees Johns alternate between a sultry croon and a nicely controlled falsetto over a throbbing drum beat."
Track listings
Charts
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
Songs written by Daniel Johns
Songs written by Joel Little
Valiabad-e Jazairi (, also Romanized as Valīābād-e Jazāīrī; also known as Valīābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of educational policy analysis. It was established in 1979 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association. The editors are Joseph R. Cimpian (New York University), Julie A. Marsh (University of Southern California), Paco Martorell (University of California, Davis), and Morgan Polikoff (University of Southern California).
Mission Statement
Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis (EEPA) publishes scholarly manuscripts of theoretical, methodological, or policy interest to those engaged in educational policy analysis, evaluation, and decision making. EEPA is a multidisciplinary policy journal, and considers original research from multiple disciplines, theoretical orientations, and methodologies.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 3.127, ranking it 18th out of 238 journals in the category "Education & Educational Research".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1979
Quarterly journals
Education journals
Havergate Island is the only island in the county of Suffolk, England. It is found at the confluence of the River Ore and the Butley River near the village of Orford. It is a marshy nature reserve run by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and is known for its population of pied avocets and terns. It is part of the ecologically important Alde-Ore Estuary and has protected conservation status as part of a national nature reserve, SSSI, SAC, SPA, Ramsar Site and is also a part of the Suffolk Coast and Heaths AONB.
The island, which is long and across at its widest point and covers , lies in the Alder and Ore estuary and is protected from the North Sea by the shingle spit of Orford Ness. It is bounded by the river channels known locally as The Gull, Lower Gull and The Narrows.
Ecology
Havergate Island comprises six salt water lagoons covering 60 hectares, surrounded by earthen banks. There are also 40 hectares of salt marsh and four hectares of vegetated shingle. There are also areas of grazing marsh and mud flats, and the site provides important habitat for rare gulls, wading birds and other species.
The island is an important breeding, roosting and feeding site for many migratory and resident bird species. The UK's largest breeding population of pied avocets and Suffolk's only breeding Sandwich terns can be found there. Other birds found on the island include Eurasian oystercatchers, redshanks, ringed plovers, golden plover, dunlin, greenshank and ruddy turnstones as well Eurasian wigeon, pintail and northern wheatears. The lagoons and marshes make it an important roosting and feeding site .
Birds of prey including short-eared owls and Western marsh harriers have also been seen hunting over the island. Mammals on the island include mice, voles and a stable population of around 29 hares. Common seals have also been spotted in the river around the island. Butterfly species commonly found on the island include skippers, small coppers, walls, meadow browns and gatekeepers.
Conservation
Protected status
Havergate Island, together with the National Trust managed Orford Ness site is a designated national nature reserve. The island is also included in the Alde-Ore Estuary Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI); the Alde, Ore & Butley Estuaries Special Area of Conservation (SAC); the Alde-Ore Estuary Special Protection Area (SPA); the Alde-Ore Estuary Ramsar Site site; the Suffolk Coast and Heaths Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB); and the Suffolk Heritage Coast area.
Management
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds owns and manages Havergate Island. Active habitat management of the lagoons is employed to benefit the islands breeding and wintering bird populations. Activities include control of water levels and salinity, improving breeding sites, providing increased feeding edges, the creation of deep water refuges for invertebrates and the control of nest predators such as foxes and gulls. Volunteers also help with work on the island including carrying out bird surveying.
Threats
Due to the low-lying nature of the island, the RSPB recognises that rising sea levels have the great potential to threaten the island in the coming century. Work has been carried out to upgrade the river wall. Long-term plans however accept that the island is likely to be lost and will be allowed to change into salt marsh as part of the strategy of managed retreat. Further plans are in place to create nearby compensatory habitat to replace key habitats in less threatened areas, in particular the expansion of Boyton Marsh.
Access and facilities
The island and nature reserve is only accessible by boat from Orford quay and only at certain times and dates. Prior booking is required for access, and group bookings can be made. The RSPB charge a fee to enter the nature reserve, with a reduced fee for members. Havergate Island is near to the Suffolk Coast Path, a long-distance footpath, and to Route 1 of the Sustrans National Cycle Network and bus Route 160 from Ipswich to Orford.
Facilities on the island include a number of bird hides, toilets and a picnic area. Guided tours are also available. The site is unsuitable for wheelchair or pushchair users due to the unimproved nature of its paths and boat access.
History
Havergate Island was first walled for land reclamation around 500 years ago and for much of its history has been used for farming. It was used as arable land and for grazing cattle, and at times for smuggling; the last inhabitants left the island at the end of the 1920s. In the 1930s it was used for summer grazing and in 1933 a gravel company set up shingle extraction on the island but this was found to be unprofitable and they soon left. During World War II the military took control of the island along with Orford Ness. Without human intervention during this time salt water flooded parts of the island making it unsuitable for agricultural use. Havergate Island was formerly an extra-parochial area, in 1868 it became a civil parish and by 1961 the parish was unpopulated. On 1 April 1985 the parish was abolished and merged into Orford.
In 1947 pied avocets were found on the island, as well as at nearby Minsmere, for the first time in the UK since they had become extinct in the country over 100 years before. A number of pairs bred that year on Havergate Island and raised eight chicks between them. Following this discovery the RSPB purchased the island in 1948 and have since managed it for the benefit of birds and the environment.
References
Islands of England
Landforms of Suffolk
Royal Society for the Protection of Birds reserves in England
Nature reserves in Suffolk
Nature Conservation Review sites
Former civil parishes in Suffolk
Orford, Suffolk
Ziegfeld: The Man and His Women is a 1978 television biopic based on the life of theater impresario Florenz Ziegfeld. It was directed by Buzz Kulik and stars Paul Shenar as Ziegfeld, Samantha Eggar as Billie Burke, Barbara Parkins as Anna Held, Walter Willison as Frank Carter, Catherine Jacoby (aka Loria Parker) as Fanny Brice, and Inga Swenson as Nora Bayes. It was produced by Columbia Pictures (filmed at Warner's Burbank Studios) and first aired on NBC in May 1978. Patricia Ziegfeld Stephenson, daughter of Ziegfeld and Billie Burke, was a consultant on the film. The film was nominated for several Emmy Awards for 1978 winning in the cinematography category, Gerald Finnerman.
The film has been shown in various versions. It originally aired on NBC, with commercials. It later showed up on Showtime cable in the 1980s without the commercial disruption which allowed a better flow of the episodic segments. Another truncated (shortened) version has appeared on Starz cable.
Synopsis
A chronicle of Florenz Ziegfeld's life from his earliest memories in Chicago, recounting the Fire of 1871 to the many luminaries he was connected to. The storyline is episodic with many of the key women in his life introducing segments in which they were involved with Ziegfeld, some for the better, some for the worst. Other important historical people include Bert Williams, Irving Berlin, Eddie Cantor, Charles Frohman and Nora Bayes.
Cast
Paul Shenar – Florenz Ziegfeld
Samantha Eggar – Billie Burke
David Levy – Irving Berlin
Barbara Parkins – Anna Held
Pamela Peadon – Marilyn Miller
Valerie Perrine – Lillian Lorraine
Walter Willison – Frank Carter
Gene McLaughlin – Will Rogers
Richard Shea – Eddie Cantor
Catherine Jacoby – Fanny Brice
David Downing – Bert Williams
Inga Swenson – Nora Bayes
Ron Husmann – Jack Norworth
Cliff Norton – Abe Erlanger
David Opatoshu – Florenz's father
Bruce Willis - Extra (uncredited)
See also
The Great Ziegfeld (1936)
References
External links
Ziegfeld: The Man and His Women at IMDb.com
A DVD version, Truetvmovies
1978 television films
1978 films
Films directed by Buzz Kulik
Columbia Pictures films
1970s biographical drama films
Biographical television films
American biographical drama films
1970s American films
Sunderbach may refer to:
Sunderbach (Trüggelbach), a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, tributary of the Trüggelbach
Sunderbach (Else), a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, tributary of that Else which is tributary of the Werre
Johanna Mikl-Leitner (born ) is an Austrian politician (ÖVP) and since 19 April 2017 the governor of Lower Austria.
Early life and education
Johanna Mikl-Leitner was born in Hollabrunn, Lower Austria. She grew up in Großharras, where she attended primary school from 1970 till 1974. She went to a grammar school which specializes in natural sciences (Realgymnasium) in Laa an der Thaya. In 1978, she switched to business school (Handelsakademie) in Laa, where she took her A-levels (Matura) in 1983. Mikl-Leitner studied Business Education at the Vienna University of Economics and Business and graduated with a Master of Social and Economic Sciences degree.
Career
Mikl-Leitner taught at the business school (Handelsakademie) in Laa an der Thaya, where she had previously studied, from 1989 until 1990. Subsequently she became a trainee with the Federation of Austrian Industries until 1993 and then worked for a publishing company until 1995. At that point she made her first steps into politics. She became the marketing manager for the Lower Austrian ÖVP in 1995 and their leader in 1998.
Politics
Johanna Mikl-Leitner was a member of Austria's national council from until , representing the ÖVP. On 24 March 2003, she became a member of the provincial government (Landesrätin) of Lower Austria.
In 2010, she was elected vice president of the Assembly of European Regions. After the resignation of vice chancellor and ÖVP party leader Josef Pröll, the Faymann cabinet was reshuffled and Johanna Mikl-Leitner was sworn in as Austria's minister of the interior on 21 April 2011.
Personal life
Johanna Mikl-Leitner is married and has two daughters. She lives in Klosterneuburg, Lower Austria.
References
External links
Johanna Mikl-Leitner on the official website of the Austrian Parliament
1964 births
Living people
Austrian People's Party politicians
Governors of Lower Austria (after 1918)
Interior Ministers of Austria
Members of the National Council (Austria)
People from Hollabrunn
People from Klosterneuburg
Vienna University of Economics and Business alumni
Women government ministers of Austria
Female interior ministers
Women governors of Austrian states
20th-century Austrian women politicians
20th-century Austrian politicians
21st-century Austrian women politicians
21st-century Austrian politicians
Eremothera is the scientific name of two genera of organisms and may refer to:
Eremothera (arachnid), a genus of wind scorpions in the family Eremobatidae
Eremothera (plant), a genus of plants in the family Onagraceae
Tobruk Power Station is a power station in Tobruk, Libya. It is located near the harbour. Its nameplate electrical capacity is 130 MW. The power station is operated by General Electricity Company of Libya (GECOL).
In January 2015, the Black Sea Holdings Company of Turkey agreed to install a 250-MW floating power plant in Tobruk.
References
Tobruk
Oil-fired power stations in Libya
Edmund August Friedrich Russow (; – ) was a Baltic German biologist.
Academic career
Son of a military engineer, Edmund Russow studied at the Universities of Dorpat (now Tartu, Tartu County, Estonia) and Berlin. In 1867 he became an associate professor at Dorpat, where from 1874 to 1897, he served as a full professor. In 1895-97 he was president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society. Russow was at the forefront of nature conservation in Estonia, and associated with the work of Hugo Conwentz (1865-1922), a founder of nature conservation efforts throughout Europe.
Botanical work
Russow was an authority on Sphagnaceae (sphagnum mosses) and remembered for his research in plant anatomy and histology, in particular studies of the plant family Marsileaceae (aquatic and semi-aquatic ferns). The plant genus Russowia is named in his honor, as is Sphagnum russowii (Russow's sphagnum).
Written works
Histologie und Entwicklungsgeschichte der Sporenfrucht von Marsilia. Dissertation. Dorpat (1871)
Entwickelungsgeschichte der Sporenfrucht von Marsilia (1873). In: Mémoires de l'Académie Impériale des Sciences de Saint-Pétersbourg, série VII, tome XIX, p. 42
Vergleichende Untersuchungen betreffend die Histiologie … der leitbundel Kryptogamen. In: Mémoires de l'Académie Impériale des Sciences de St.-Pétersbourg, 1872
Betrachtungen über das leitbundel- und grundgewebe aus vergleichend morphologischem und phylogenetischem geschichtspunkt (1875).
References
"Biographical information based on an equivalent article at the Estonian Wikipedia".
External links
1841 births
1897 deaths
People from Tallinn
People from the Governorate of Estonia
Baltic-German people
19th-century German botanists
University of Tartu faculty
Burials at Raadi cemetery
Sorting nexin-15 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SNX15 gene.
This gene encodes a member of the sorting nexin family. Members of this family contain a phox (PX) domain, which is a phosphoinositide binding domain, and are involved in intracellular trafficking. Overexpression of this gene results in a decrease in the processing of insulin and hepatocyte growth factor receptors to their mature subunits. This decrease is caused by the mislocalization of furin, the endoprotease responsible for cleavage of insulin and hepatocyte growth factor receptors. This protein is involved in endosomal trafficking from the plasma membranee to recycling endosomes or the trans-Golgi network. This gene encodes two transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms.
References
Further reading
Pierre Abraham Lorillard (1742 – 1776) was a French-American tobacconist who founded the business which developed into the Lorillard Tobacco Company, which claimed to be the oldest tobacco firm in the United States and in the world. His name is also sometimes given as Peter Abraham Lorillard, Peter Lorillard and Pierre Lorillard I.
Early life
Pierre Abraham Lorillard was born in Montbéliard (France) in 1742, the son of Jean Lorillard (b. 1707) and Anne Catherine Rossel. He had five brothers, Jean George, George David, Charles Christophe, Jean Abraham, and Leopold Frederick, and a sister, Anne Marguerite.
The naturalization recorded in New York on April 21, 1762, of 'Peter Louillard', a stocking weaver and French Protestant, is probably that of Lorillard. This followed the naturalization on October 27, 1760, of John George Lorillard, described as a French Protestant yeoman of New York City.
Career
Lorillard set out in business in about 1760 with a snuff-grinding factory in a rented house on Chatham Street, now Park Row, in Lower Manhattan. He was the first man to make snuff in North America. According to Maxwell Fox's The Lorillard Story (1947), Lorillard adopted the trademark of a Native American smoking a pipe, standing beside a hogshead of tobacco, which "later became the best known trademark in the world".
Lorillard's sons George and Peter (or Pierre) took over his business in 1792, while his son Jacob became a banker and philanthropist in New York City. According to author Rex Burns, "Jacob Lorillard was justified in his wealth, first because he rose from being an obscure tobacconist's apprentice by his own integrity, industry, perseverance, and love of books, and secondly, because when he was a millionaire, his moral pursuit of wealth led him to exhibit benevolence and generosity."
Personal life
Lorillard married Catherine Moore, sister of Blazius Moore, and they lived at Hackensack, New Jersey. Lorillard and Moore obtained a marriage license on August 19, 1763, when another marriage license was granted to John Lorillard and Hannah Moore, suggesting that Hannah and Catherine may have been sisters. The register of the French church of New York City gives the date of Lorillard's marriage, as well as that of Jean (John) and Anne Moore: "August 23, 1763 married by license Pierre l'Oreillard and Catherine Moore in presence of the families l'Aureillard and Moore. The same day married by license in the house of M. Parptre in the Bowery rented by Sieur Moore Jean l'Aurellard and Anne Moore in the presence of the families l'Aurellard and Moore. Lorillard and Moore had at least five children:
Pierre "Peter" Lorillard II, (born September 7, 1764, according to another source b. July 11, 1768)
J. George Lorillard (b. December 25, 1766)
Blazius Lorillard (b. June 7, 1769)
Johann Jacob Lorillard (b. January 19, 1772
Jacob Lorillard (b. May 22, 1774)
Death
Lorillard died in 1776, during the American Revolutionary War, killed by Hessian mercenaries of the British during the British occupation of New York City. After his death, his business was carried on by his descendants and grew into the Lorillard Tobacco Company. In 1960, the company issued a Bicentennial Report, in which it was able to boast proudly that "P. Lorillard Company is older than the United States, taking its origin in the Colonial days of 1760 when British kings ruled the land... Lorillard is the oldest tobacco company in the world". After Lorillard's death, his widow married a man named either John Holsman or Daniel Holtzman.
References
1742 births
1776 deaths
Lorillard family
American tobacco industry executives
People from Hackensack, New Jersey
People from Montbéliard
French emigrants to the United States
American Revolutionary War deaths
Jeff Alexander (born Myer Goodhue Alexander; July 2, 1910 – December 23, 1989) was an American conductor, arranger, and composer of film, radio and television scores.
Early years
Born in Seattle, Washington, Alexander began performing in his teens as a singer and dancer in vaudeville productions. He then began playing piano and composing big band music.
Radio
In 1939, he moved to New York City, where he arranged and composed music for radio programs, including Benny Goodman's Camel Caravan (as "Myer Alexander"), "The Lucky Strike Show" and "Amos 'n' Andy". He directed the orchestra for Songs of George Byron, Arthur's Place, Thirty Minutes to Play, The Bill Goodwin Show, and the Borden Show.
He directed the chorus for The Star Theater, Great Moments in Music and (billed as Myer Alexander) the Goodman program. His Goodman group was called "the world's only Swing Chorus".
Career
Film
In 1947, he moved to Los Angeles and began writing film and, later, television scores. His first film project was the score for Shall We Dance, and he scored many of Elvis Presley's films, including Jailhouse Rock (1957), Kid Galahad (1962), Double Trouble (1967), Clambake (1967) and Speedway (1968). He also composed the scores to over 30 films, including The Tender Trap (1955), Ransom! (1956), The Wings of Eagles (1957), The Sheepman (1958), Party Girl (1958), Ask Any Girl (1959), The Mating Game (1959), The Gazebo (1959), All the Fine Young Cannibals (1960), The George Raft Story (1961), The Rounders (1965), Day of the Evil Gun (1968), Support Your Local Sheriff! (1969) and Dirty Dingus Magee (1970).
Television
Alexander's many television credits include being musical director for Please Don't Eat the Daisies and music for Family Affair, My Three Sons, The Mothers-In-Law, Julia, and Columbo. He wrote the song "Come Wander With Me" for an episode of The Twilight Zone in 1964; it was later used in the 2003 film The Brown Bunny.
Compositions
Although credited to Axel Stordahl, it was Alexander who arranged "The House I Live In" for Frank Sinatra, recorded in 1945. In 1956, Alexander contributed the tone poems "Yellow" and "Brown" to the album Frank Sinatra Conducts Tone Poems of Color. He also composed a symphony and other classical pieces.
Other
In 1944, Alexander and Lyn Murray, along with business manager Eugene Loewenthal, formed Murray-Alexander Associates in New York City. The business provided vocal groups, orchestras, and arrangements.
Alexander was a founder of the organization Screen Composers of America.
Death
Alexander died of cancer, aged 79, at his home in Whidbey Island, Washington on December 23, 1989. He was survived by his daughter, Jill.
References
External links
1910 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century American conductors (music)
American male conductors (music)
American film score composers
American music arrangers
American television composers
Deaths from cancer in Washington (state)
Imperial Records artists
American male film score composers
Male television composers
Musicians from Seattle
20th-century American male musicians
Manfuhah al-Jadidah () is a subject of Baladiyah al-Batha and a residential neighborhood in southern Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. It shares proximity with Skirinah neighborhood to the north and al-Yamamah and al-Manfuhah neighborhoods to the south.
References
Neighbourhoods in Riyadh
Håkon Adelsteen Sommerfeldt (25 January 1811 – 22 January 1888) was a Norwegian naval officer and ship designer.
He was born in Gausdal in Oppland, Norway. In 1826 he entered the Royal Norwegian Naval Academy (Sjøkrigsskolen) in Fredriksværn (now Stavern). In 1831 he became a secondary lieutenant, and in 1833 he graduated from the military college. In 1834 he became an assistant at the naval shipbuilding inspection station. Sommerfeldt became premier lieutenant in 1836. In 1837, Sommerfeldt received a travel scholarship to study shipbuilding, traveling to Great Britain, France, the Netherlands and Denmark. In 1839, Sommerfeldt was appointed as naval shipbuilding inspector at the Karljohansvern naval yard in Horten.
He was a co-designer of USS Princeton (1843), along with Swedish engineer and inventor John Ericsson. His other ship designs included the Nornen (1855), St. Olaf (1856) and Kong Sverre (1860). He published several books on ships construction, including Om handelsskibes Construction (1845), Haandhog for practisk Skibsbyggeri (1855) and Lærebog i praktisk Skibsbyggeri (1856). He was decorated Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1854.
References
1811 births
1888 deaths
People from Gausdal
Royal Norwegian Naval Academy alumni
Royal Norwegian Navy personnel
Norwegian designers
Boat and ship designers
Recipients of the St. Olav's Medal
The red-crested cardinal (Paroaria coronata) is a songbird, the species belonging to the family of tanagers (Thraupidae). Notwithstanding its similar name, this bird is not closely related to the true cardinal family (Cardinalidae). It is sometimes known as the Brazilian cardinal.
Etymology
The genus name Paroaria comes from the Tupí people and can be translated as “small red, yellow, and gray bird“, while the Latin species name coronata means crowned.
Distribution
This species can be found mainly in northern Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil's Rio Grande do Sul and southern part of the Pantanal.
It has also been introduced to Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Chile. In Brazil, it has been introduced to various places outside its historical range, as in the Tietê Ecological Park in São Paulo.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest, at an elevation up to above sea level. It often occurs close to rivers, marshes and lakes.
Description
Paroaria coronata is a medium-sized species showing a red head, with a red bib and a short red crest that the bird raises when excited. Belly, breast and undertail are white, with a gray back, wings, and tail. Wing coverts are gray, but the primaries, secondaries, and rectrices show a darker gray. Juveniles are similar to the adults, but they show a dull brownish orange head and bib.
This species is very similar to a close relative, the red-cowled cardinal (P. dominicana). It is also similar to the yellow-billed cardinal (P. capitata), but the latter bird has a black throat, darker upper parts and a bright yellow bill.
Biology
This species mainly feed on seeds (of Chloris virgata, Eleusine tristachya, Setaria parviflora and Spergula villosa), fruits (of Celtis tala, Grabowskia duplicata, Holmbergia tweedii, Morus alba, and Sapium haematospermum), insects and small arthropods, generally searched for on the ground in pairs or small groups. Average lifespan is about 3.8 years.
Gallery
References
External links
Red-crested cardinal videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay) with range map
Red-crested cardinal photo gallery VIREO
Paroaria
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds described in 1776
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Articles containing video clips
Rochester High School may refer to:
Rochester High School (Illinois), Rochester, Illinois
Rochester High School (Michigan), Rochester, Michigan
Rochester High School (Vermont), Rochester, Vermont
Rochester High School (Washington), Rochester, Washington
Rochester Adams High School, Rochester, Michigan
Rochester Area High School (Pennsylvania), Rochester, Pennsylvania
Rochester Area Learning Center, Rochester, Minnesota
Rochester Community High School, Rochester, Indiana
Rochester Off-Campus Charter High School, Rochester, Minnesota
Old Rochester Regional High School, Mattapoisett, Massachusetts
Aquinas Institute of Rochester, Rochester, New York
East Rochester Junior-Senior High School, East Rochester, New York
The Battle of Verona was fought between the Roman general and usurper Decius, and emperor Philip the Arab in 249. Decius was victorious and Philip and his son, Philip II were both killed. Decius was subsequently declared Roman emperor.
Prelude
In late 248, Gothic tribes had attacked the Roman province of Moesia on the frontier of the Danube River. The Roman troops there, led by Roman general Pacatian, held the Goths back and temporarily secured the Roman defense of Moesia. That same year, Pacatian's troops proclaimed him emperor. Roman emperor Philip the Arab dispatched the supportive and outspoken senator Decius to Moesia to put down the rebellion. Decius brought his son Herennius Etruscus with him. However, before Decius arrived, Pacatian's troops mutinied and assassinated their commander. When Decius arrived, he and Herennius attempted to restore order to the usurper's army. The troops opposed the idea of being led by a distant emperor. Thus, they proclaimed Decius emperor. Decius and his army then marched to Italy. Phillip, with only two reserve legions, marched to meet Decius in battle.
Battle
The two armies met in battle near Verona, Italy, in a bloody and brutal battle. Decius outnumbered Philip heavily.
6th century Byzantine writer Zosimus recorded the day:
The supporters of Decius, though they knew that the enemy had greatly the advantage in numbers, still retained their confidence, trusting to the general skill and prudence of Decius in affairs.
Not many details of the battle are known, but Decius is known to have had a better quality of troops than Philip, and Philip's chances of victory were deemed improbable. Philip was slain by Decius, and his army was defeated.
Aftermath
Following his victory, Decius entered Rome and was received and hailed as emperor by the Senate, which he had formerly been a prominent member of.
References
Verona 249
Verona 249
Verona
Verona 249
Verona 249
Verona 249
Verona
Decian dynasty
MDMC, commonly called methylone, is an empathogen and stimulant psychoactive drug.
MDMC may also refer to:
Material Data Management Consortium, see Materials data management
MDMC/EDMA, a psychedelic drug first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin
Osvaldo Virgil Airport (ICAO: MDMC), Monte CristiDominican Republic
Sanjena Anshu Sathian is an American novelist and journalist. Her debut novel, Gold Diggers, was published by Penguin Press in 2021.
Early life and education
Sathian was raised in Georgia by a Malayali father and Kannadiga mother, both immigrants from South India. She grew up in metro Atlanta and attended The Westminster Schools. In high school, she competed in policy debate, winning the national championship as a senior. She attended Yale College, graduating in 2013 with a B.A. in English. She was a recipient of a 2017 Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowship for New Americans. The fellowship supported her studies at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, from which she graduated in 2019 with an MFA in creative writing.
Career
After graduating from college, Sathian worked as a technology journalist in San Francisco before moving to Mumbai to work as a foreign correspondent.
Sathian's debut novel, Gold Diggers, was published by Penguin Press on April 6, 2021. It was sold to Penguin Press after a seven-way auction. Gold Diggers is a magical realism novel that follows Neil Narayan, a second-generation Indian teenager from the suburbs of Atlanta. It is tale of gold heists and alchemy. In February 2021, it was announced that the novel is being adapted into a television series by Mindy Kaling's production company Kaling International. Sathian will be a co-writer and co-executive producer of the adaptation, while Kaling and Howard Klein will be its executive producers. Ron Charles of The Washington Post praised the novel's "effervescent social satire" and "astonishing cultural richness", calling it an "invaluable new alloy of American literature." Charles also compared it to the works of Aimee Bender, Karen Russell and Colson Whitehead. Publishers Weekly praised Sathian's "sharp" characterization, while Kirkus Reviews praised her "page-turner" prose. The novel was selected for The Washington Posts "10 Best Books of 2021" list.
Sathian's short stories have appeared in Boulevard, The Masters Review, Joyland, and Salt Hill. She has written nonfiction pieces, including for The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Boston Globe, the San Francisco Chronicle, Food & Wine, The Juggernaut, The Millions, and OZY.
Works
Novels
Short stories
Selected articles
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American people of Kannada descent
American people of Malayali descent
American novelists of Indian descent
American women novelists
American women writers of Indian descent
Magic realism writers
Writers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Yale College alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
The Westminster Schools alumni
A partial lunar eclipse took place at the Moon's descending node on the evening of 7 August and the morning pre-dawn on 8 August 2017, the second of two lunar eclipses in 2017. The Moon was only slightly covered by the Earth's umbral shadow at maximum eclipse. The Moon's apparent diameter was smaller because the eclipse occurred only 5 days after apogee (Apogee on 2 August 2017).
The moon inside the umbral shadow was a subtle red, but hard to see in contrast to the much brighter moon in the outer penumbral shadow.
The moon looks red because it is illuminated by sunlight refracted through earth's atmosphere. The blue light is scattered and absorbed by the atmosphere, leaving red light to shine onto the lunar surface.
The solar eclipse of 21 August 2017, occurred fourteen days later, in the same eclipse season (Middle of the eclipse season occurred on 16 August 2017). It was the first total solar eclipse visible in the contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of 26 February 1979.
Visibility
It was visible over eastern Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia with maximal visibility centered on Indian Ocean.
Gallery
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2017
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 11 February.
An annular solar eclipse on 26 February.
A partial lunar eclipse on 7 August.
A total solar eclipse on 21 August.
Lunar year series
Saros series
It is part of Saros series 119 (member 61 of 82).
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days (a half saros). This lunar eclipse is related to two total solar eclipses of Solar Saros 126.
See also
List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
Lists of lunar eclipses
References
External links
Hermit Eclipse: Partial Lunar Eclipse of 7 Aug, 2017 AD
Partial Lunar Eclipse 7 Aug, 2017 - Live Webcast
August's Lunar Eclipse APOD: Aug 9, 2017
2017-08
2017 in science
August 2017 events
William Robison (14 December 1874 – 5 July 1916) was an Australian cricketer. He played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1893/94.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1874 births
1916 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Aldo Zargani (7 August 1933 – 18 October 2020) was an Italian Jewish writer and public intellectual who lived in Rome. He started writing in his early sixties: his first and best-known book, Per violino solo (For Solo Violin), appeared in 1995. In addition to his autobiographical writing, Zargani contributed to discussions about the politics and culture of Italian Jews with essays, lectures, and school visits.
Biography
Aldo Zargani was born in Turin in 1933. In the second half of 1938, when he was five years old, the Fascist regime passed a series of anti-Semitic laws which affected the lives of every one of the approximately 46,000 Jews who lived in Italy at the time. Jews were prohibited from studying or teaching in state and private schools, forbidden to marry non-Jews, expelled from the Fascist Party and excluded from the public administration, from telephone directories and from obituary columns. Zargani's father Mario, a viola player in the national radio orchestra, was dismissed from his job, and Aldo and his brother started attending an ad hoc school set up by the Turin Jewish community.
After Northern and Central Italy were occupied by German troops following the armistice between Italy and the Allies on 8 September 1943, the SS and the Gestapo began to round up Jews in every community. Zargani's parents were arrested but were able to avoid deportation, unlike some other members of their families. Aldo and his brother spent a year in hiding in a Catholic boarding school.
After World War II had ended, Zargani continued to live in Turin and worked as an actor in two theatre companies; he met his wife, Elena Magoja, a theatre and film actress, at this time. His principal employer was the Italian state radio and television corporation RAI, first in Turin and then in Rome. He retired in 1994. He had a daughter, Lina, and a grandson, Mario, for whom he wrote Per violino solo.
Zargani's political allegiance was with the Italian Left. He was a long-time member of a left-wing faction of the Italian Socialist Party and was an active member of the Gruppo Martin Buber – Ebrei per la pace (Jews for Peace) which recognizes the right of the Israeli and Palestinian peoples to independent and sovereign national states. Most of his essays focus on relations between Jews and non-Jews in Italy or political and historical uses of Holocaust memory.
Works
Per violino solo. La mia infanzia nell'Aldiqua. 1938–1945, Bologna, Il Mulino, 1995 (reprinted in 2003 with a new preface by the author).
Certe promesse d'amore. Bologna, Il Mulino,1997.
L'Odeur du lac [The Scent of the Lake] (three stories not yet published in Italian; French translation and foreword by Olivier Favier, Alidades, Évian, 2008).
In bilico (noi gli ebrei e anche gli altri). Venice, Marsilio, 2017.
Numerous articles and essays published in various journals: Il Mulino, Lettera internazionale, Doppiozero as well as in Ha Keillah, the journal of the Turin Jewish community.
Per violino solo has been translated into German (Für Violine solo. Meine Kindheit im Diesseits 1938–1945, 1998), English (For Solo Violin. A Jewish Childhood in Fascist Italy, 2002), Spanish (Cielos de Espanto, 2002) and French (Pour violon seul. Souvenirs d'enfance dans l'En-deca 1938–1945, 2007). It has won three Italian awards (Ischia International Journalism Award, Premio Acqui Storia, Premio Sant'Anna di Stazzema) and was shortlisted for four prestigious literary prizes (Premio Viareggio, Premio Pisa, Premio Lucca and Pen Club Award).
Per violino solo and Certe promesse d'amore (Some Promises of Love) are autobiographical texts. The former traces the narrated self's childhood between 1938 and 1945, against the background of war, civil war, and the Shoah. In the latter the narrated self, a teenager, is drawn to Marxism and left-wing Zionism, discovers love, and gradually sheds a number of personal and political illusions. In both texts the narratives are arranged in a loose chronological sequence, but within each chapter there are numerous flashbacks and "flashforwards" triggered by associations. The memory of the elderly narrating self intersects with the perspectives of the child and adolescent narrated selves, correcting and evaluating them with help of hindsight.
In bilico is a collection of twenty autobiographical narratives and vignettes, set at various times in Zargani's life, where he touches on the contradictions and multiple nature of Jewish history and identity.
In all of Zargani's narratives humour and irony play a central role. Their function is both intellectual and ethical. They highlight the tension between Jews as "insiders" and Jews as "outsiders", emphasize personal, cultural and political contradictions, and problematize monolithic notions of "identity". "Over time," he states in the concluding pages of Per violino solo, "it seems that only humor and religion survive, while memories fade with the life of the person who carried them."
References
1. See Mirna Cicioni, "Speaking 'as a' and Speaking 'for': Multiple appartenenze in the Autobiographical Macrotexts of Aldo Zargani and Clara Sereni". Raniero Speelman, Monica Jansen and Silvia Gaiga (eds), Contemporary Jewish Writers in Italy: a Generational Approach. Utrecht, Italianistica Ultraiectina, 2007:261-75.
2. For Solo Violin, p. 303
External links
Zargani's preface to the English edition of Per violino solo
Abstract of the article " 'Disgrazie ridicole': Jewishness and Humour in Aldo Zargani's Autobiographical Bildungstext", Forum for Modern Language Studies 2002 38(2): 213–220.
20th-century Italian Jews
Writers from Turin
20th-century Italian male writers
2020 deaths
1933 births
Holocaust survivors
Jewish Italian writers
20th-century Italian writers
21st-century Italian male writers
21st-century Italian writers
Recipients of Ischia International Journalism Award
The Danforth Foundation was one of the largest private nonprofit foundations in the St. Louis Metropolitan region. It closed its doors in 2011 after 84 years of operation and more than a billion dollars in grants distributed.
Background
Established in 1927 by Ralston Purina founder William H. Danforth and his wife, the Danforth Foundation grants funded exclusively to the St. Louis region. In the 1950s and 1960s, it funded many projects involving religion and higher education. The Danforth Fellows Program, which supported graduate study in religion for scholars in other fields, was folded into the Society for Values in Higher Education. In 1973, Methodist minister and theologian Merrimon Cuninggim resigned as executive director because of a perceived conflict of interest from a $60 million grant to Washington University in St. Louis authorized by William Henry Danforth Jr., who was then both chairman of the foundation and chancellor of the university.
See also
Danforth Chapels
References
External links
FoundationCenter.org: Danforth Foundation Shifts Focus, Cuts Staff
MuOhio.edu: About the Danforth Foundation
Educational foundations in the United States
Defunct organizations based in Missouri
Non-profit organizations based in Missouri
Organizations based in St. Louis
Ralston Purina
Organizations established in 1927
Organizations disestablished in 2011
1927 establishments in Missouri
2011 disestablishments in Missouri
Chattahoochee is a 1989 American drama film directed by Mick Jackson and starring Gary Oldman and Dennis Hopper. The film is based on the real-life experiences of Chris Calhoun, who met screenwriter James Hicks, who then wrote a script based on his internment in a Florida state mental institution. It was turned down by several major studios before being accepted by Hemdale Film Corporation, a small British-owned, Los Angeles-based company that also produced Platoon, Hoosiers, The Last Emperor, and Salvador.
Plot
Emmett Foley is an American hero of the Korean War who attempts to commit suicide, first by provoking local police and then by shooting himself in the chest. After his recovery, he is sent to the Florida State Hospital, an institution in Chattahoochee, Florida, where he fights against doctors and staff who are terrorizing and torturing their patients. His efforts eventually led to sweeping reforms in the Florida mental health system.
Cast
Gary Oldman as Emmett Foley
Dennis Hopper as Walker Benson
Frances McDormand as Mae Foley
Pamela Reed as Earlene
Ned Beatty as Dr. Harwood
M. Emmet Walsh as Morris
Lee Wilkof as Vernon
Matt Craven as Lonny
Richard Portnow as Dr. Debner
Wilbur Fitzgerald as Duane
William Newman as Jonathan
Basis
The movie is based on Chris Calhoun. The main character, Emmitt Foley, is a fictional character based on Calhoun. Chattahoochee appeared in theaters nationwide May 11, 1990. (Theatrical Release Date: April 20, 1990)
Another famous person institutionalized at Chattahoochee was Ruby McCollum, the African-American woman who shot state senator-elect, Dr. C. Leroy Adams in 1952. Her case brought many of these same practices to light.
Reception
The film holds a 13% rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 8 reviews, with an average score of 4.6/10. Oldman compared the responses to Chattahoochee and his 1986 film Sid and Nancy, feeling the former was underappreciated and the latter overrated. He described Chattahoochee as "really good" work.
See also
Ruby McCollum
Notes
External links
Chattahoochee at ofdb.de
1989 films
1989 independent films
American drama films
American independent films
Films directed by Mick Jackson
1980s English-language films
Mental health in the United States
1989 directorial debut films
1980s American films
John Cheseman (died 1592) of New Romney, Kent, was an English solicitor.
He was a Member of Parliament for New Romney in October 1553, April 1554 and 1559 and Mayor of New Romney in 1563–4, 1573–4, 1579–80, 1584–5 and 1591–2.
References
Year of birth missing
1592 deaths
English MPs 1553 (Mary I)
English MPs 1554
English MPs 1559
Mayors of places in Kent
William Lyndwood (c. 1375 – 21/22 October 1446) was an English bishop of St. David's, diplomat and canonist, most notable for the publication of the Provinciale.
Early life
Lyndwood was born in Linwood, Lincolnshire, one of seven children. His parents were John Lyndwood (died 1419), a prosperous wool merchant, and his wife Alice. There is a monumental brass to John Lyndwood in the local parish church in which an infant William is portrayed decked in the robes of a doctor of laws.
Lyndwood was educated at Gonville Hall, Cambridge though few details are known. He is thought to have become a fellow of Pembroke College, Cambridge though later he moved to Oxford where he became DCL "probably rather by incorporation than constant education". He took Holy Orders and was ordained deacon in 1404 and priest in 1407.
Career
Lyndwood had a distinguished ecclesiastical career. In 1408, Robert Hallum, Bishop of Salisbury appointed Lyndwood to his consistory court. Then, in 1414, Lyndwood was appointed "Official" of the Archbishop of Canterbury (i.e. his principal adviser and representative in matters of ecclesiastical law) in 1414, and Dean of the Arches in 1426, while holding at the same time several important benefices and prebends. In 1433 he was collated 1434 Archdeacons of Stow in the Diocese of Lincoln, and in 1442, after an earnest recommendation from King Henry VI, he was promoted by Pope Eugene IV to the vacant See of St. David's. During these years Lyndwood's attention was occupied by many other matters besides the study of canon law. He had been closely associated with Archbishop Henry Chichele in his proceedings against the Lollards. He had also acted several times as the chosen representative of the English clergy in their discussions with the Crown over subsidies, but more especially he had repeatedly been sent abroad on diplomatic missions, for example to Portugal, France and the Netherlands, besides acting as the King's Proctor at the Council of Basle in 1433 and taking a prominent part as negotiator in arranging political and commercial treaties.
He was also Keeper of the Privy Seal from 1432 to 1443. Despite the fact that so much of Lyndwood's energies were spent upon purely secular concerns nothing seems ever to have been said against his moral or religious character. He was buried in St Mary Undercroft, the crypt of St Stephen's Chapel, where his body was found in 1852, wrapped in a ceremonial cloth and allegedly "almost without signs of corruption".
The Provinciale
Lyndwood, however, is chiefly remembered for his great commentary upon the ecclesiastical decrees enacted in English provincial councils under the presidency of the Archbishops of Canterbury. This elaborate work, commonly known as the Provinciale, follows the arrangement of the titles of the Decretals of Gregory IX in the Corpus Juris, and copies of much of the medieval English legislation enacted, in view of special needs and local conditions, to supplement the jus commune. Lyndwood's gloss gives an account of the views accepted among the English clergy of his day upon all sorts of subjects. It should be read together with John of Acton's gloss, composed circa 1333–1335, on the Legatine Constitutions of the thirteenth century papal legates, Cardinals Otto and Ottobuono for England, which was published with the Provinciale by Wynkyn de Worde.
The Provinciale was published as Constituciones prouinciales ecclesie anglica[n]e by Wynkyn de Worde in London in 1496). The work was frequently reprinted in the early years of the sixteenth century, but the edition produced at Oxford in 1679 is sometimes seen as the best.
The Catholic Encyclopaedia saw the work as important in the controversy over the attitude of the Ecclesia Anglicana towards the jurisdiction of the pope. Frederic William Maitland controversially appealed to Lyndwood's authority against the view that the "Canon Law of Rome, though always regarded as of great authority in England, was not held to be binding on the English ecclesiastical courts". The Catholic Encyclopaedia also contends that Maitland's arguments had found broader acceptance in English law:
However, Maitland's view of Lyndwood's authority was attacked by Ogle.
Notes
Bibliography
Helmholz, R. H. (2006) "Lyndwood, William (c.1375–1446)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, online edn, accessed 8 Sept 2007
Powicke, F. Maurice and E. B. Fryde Handbook of British Chronology 2nd. ed. London:Royal Historical Society 1961
Reeves, A. C. (1989) "The careers of William Lyndwood", in J. S. Hamilton and P. J. Bradley (eds) Documenting the Past: Essays in Medieval History Presented to George Peddy Cuttino, pp197–216, Woodbridge: Boydell Press,
Thurston, H. (1913) "William Lyndwood", Catholic Encyclopaedia Lyndwood's Provinciale: The Text of the Canons Therein Contained, Reprinted from the Translation Made in 1534'', ed. J. V. Bullard and H. Chalmer Bell (London: Faith Press, 1929).
14th-century births
1446 deaths
Bishops of St Davids
Archdeacons of Stow
Canon law jurists
Medieval English diplomats
15th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
Lords Privy Seal
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Fellows of Pembroke College, Cambridge
15th-century English writers
15th-century diplomats
The purple-banded sunbird (Cinnyris bifasciatus) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Eswatini, Gabon, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
The Tsavo sunbird, sometimes lumped with the purple-banded, is here considered a separate species.
References
External links
Purple-banded sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
purple-banded sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
purple-banded sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Moussier Tombola is a French comedian of Senegalese origins. He also does stand-up in various shows. He named himself Moussier Tombola, exactly as his father would pronounce the word "Monsieur" (Mr. in French).
He was born in Saint-Dié-des-Vosges on 21 February 1987.
In 2011, he released his debut single "Logobitombo (Corde à sauter)" reaching #5 in the official French Singles Chart. The song is based on infectious dance moves that became a craze and went viral on YouTube, and eventually a big hit, "Logobitombo" being a created word combining the African music genre and dance Logobi combined with Tombo (part of his name), literally Tombola-style Logobi music.
The music video in cooperation with his friend Jessy Matador directed by Hilton Aya also refers to the success via YouTube.
Discography
Album
Le Dernier De La Classe Classe
Singles
References
External links
Moussier Tombola Official website
Moussier Tombola Facebook
Moussier Tombola on Skyrock website
Senegalese comedians
French comedians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Düğer is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Dodangeh () may refer to:
Dodangeh, Kerman
Dodangeh District
Dodangeh Rural District (disambiguation)
See also
Dow Dangeh (disambiguation)
Oberau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography
Location
Oberau is located at the Loisach in the so-called "Zugspitzland". The distance between the village center and Garmisch-Partenkirchen is 8 km, whereas Oberammergau lies to the northwest (about 9 km away). The Bavarian capital Munich is 72 km away, while Innsbruck in Austrian Tyrol is 70 km away.
In addition to the parish village of Oberau, the hamlet of Buchwies, located about one kilometer east of the village, is an integral administrative part of the municipality.
Transport
The district has a railway station, , on the Munich–Garmisch-Partenkirchen railway.
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
Trisuloides becheri is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in China (Shaanxi).
References
Moths described in 2011
Pantheinae
Dawūd Pasha ( ; ; ) (c.1767–1851), who was born in Tbilisi, Georgia, of Georgian Christian origin, His full name was (; ), was the last Mamluk ruler of Iraq, from c.1816 to 1831.
Biography
Iraq at this period was nominally part of the Ottoman Empire but in practice largely autonomous. Mamluks were originally freed slaves who had converted to Islam, and were assigned to military and administrative duties in the Ottoman Empire. Mamluk rulers governed in the territory that became Iraq, acquiring increasing autonomy from the Sultan, from 1704 to 1831.
The history of modern Iraq's boundaries could be traced to 1749, when the Sultan extended the authority of the Mamluk Vali (Governor) of Basra to include the eyalet (province) of Baghdad, initiating a period of Mamluk rule that lasted until 1831.
After seizing control in 1816-17, Dawud Pasha initiated modernization programmes that included clearing canals, establishing industries, and reforming the army with the help of European instructors. The political and economic policies of Dawud Pasha united these eyalets, although their external borders were ill-defined.
Following Napoleon's invasion of Egypt, the British government had recognised the strategic importance of the Middle East in defending its eastern empire and commercial ambitions against the French (and later against Russia), and at the beginning of the nineteenth century had negotiated inter alia the establishment of a British consulate in Baghdad . Dawud reduced the influence of the British Consul, and, perhaps more controversially, compelled the British East India Company to begin paying duties on imported goods. It was at the instigation of the British government that the Sultan seized back control of Baghdad, facilitating a resurgence of British influence in the region. In 1830, the Ottoman Sultan Mahmud II decreed Dawud Pasha's dismissal, which was enforced the following year by an army under Ali Ridha Pasha, which ousted Dawud and reimposed direct Ottoman rule on Iraq. Under his rule the Jews of Baghdad were grievously persecuted resulting in the flight and emigration of many of the leading Baghdadi Jewish families such as the Sassoon and Judah families to India.
When his life ended, Dawud was custodian of the shrine at Medina, the burial place of the Prophet Muhammad.
Dawud Pasha is said to have established the first newspaper of Iraq, Jurnal al-Iraq, in Baghdad in 1816., but this is disputed because there are no extant copies and no mention of it in the Ottoman archives or in contemporary travellers' accounts.
See also
Mamluk dynasty of Iraq
References
Year of birth uncertain
1851 deaths
Antisemitism in Iraq
Iraqi pashas
Iraqi people of Georgian descent
Muslims from Georgia (country)
Georgians of the Ottoman Empire
Persecution of Jews
People from Kvemo Kartli
The rose robin (Petroica rosea) is a small passerine bird native to Australia. Like many brightly coloured robins of the Petroicidae, it is sexually dimorphic. The male has a distinctive pink breast. Its upperparts are dark grey with white frons, and its tail black with white tips. The underparts and shoulder are white. The female is an undistinguished grey-brown. The robin has a small black bill and eyes.
It is endemic to Australia east or south of the Great Dividing Range, from Queensland through to southeastern South Australia. Its natural habitats are the gullies and valleys of temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
Like all Australian robins, the rose robin is not closely related to either the European robin or the American robin, but belongs rather to the Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines, including pardalotes, fairywrens and honeyeaters, as well as crows. It belongs to the genus Petroica, whose Australian members are known colloquially as "red robins" as distinct from the "yellow robins" of the genus Eopsaltria. It was first described by ornithologist John Gould in 1840, with its specific epithet derived from the Latin roseus 'pink'. Testing of the nuclear and mitochondrial DNA of Australian members of the genus Petroica suggests that the rose and pink robins are each other's closest relative within the genus.
Description
Adult birds are around in length. The male rose robin has a pink breast and abdomen, with dark grey head, throat, back and tail. The frons and outer tail shafts are white. There is no white wing bar. The female is plain-coloured; pale grey-brown above, and grey-white underneath, with small white marks on the wings and over the bill. The bill, legs and eyes are black. Both the male and female make a tick call.
Distribution and habitat
The rose robin occurs in eastern and southeastern Australia, from Rockhampton east of the Great Dividing Range through eastern New South Wales and Victoria into southeastern South Australia. It does not occur in Tasmania. It is found in wet sclerophyll forest and rainforest, where it inhabits gullies and valleys, dispersing to drier forest in cooler months. The rose robin is vulnerable to development and clearing of forested areas, which has led to it disappearing in these areas. Populations have been recorded in conservation areas, namely the Dandenong Creek, Scotchmans Creek and Gardiners Creek Corridors, in Melbourne's eastern suburbs.
Behaviour
Found in ones or twos, rose robins tend to feed in the tops of trees. Insects and spiders form the bulk of the diet, with most being caught while the robin is flying. Unlike other robins, the rose robin does not return to the same branch while foraging. Prey consists of a variety of spiders and insects, including caterpillars, wasps, bugs such as cicadas and cinch bugs, beetles such as jewel beetles, leaf beetles, leaf-eating beetles and weevils, flies and ants.
Breeding
Breeding season is from September to January with one or two broods raised. The nest is a neat, deep cup made of bits of moss and fern. Spider webs, feathers and fur are used for binding/filling, while lichen is placed on the nest exterior. The nest is generally situated in the fork of a large tree some above the ground. Two or three dull white eggs tinted bluish, greyish or brownish, and splotched with dark grey-brown, are laid. The eggs measure 17 mm x 13 mm. The rose robin has been parasitised by the pallid cuckoo (Cuculus pallidus), brush cuckoo (Cacomantis variolosus) and Horsfield's bronze cuckoo (Chrysococcyx basalis).
References
rose robin
Birds of New South Wales
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic birds of Australia
rose robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sardar Patel Mahavidyalaya, Chandrapur (SPM), better known as S P College is an college located in Chandrapur, Maharashtra, India. The college was established in 1970 by late Shri Shantaram Potdukhe. It is managed by the Sarvodaya Shikshan Sanstha , Chandrapur. It is affiliated to Gondwana University Gadchiroli.
Awards
RE ACCREDITED AT 'A' GRADE BY NAAC
Best College Award by Gondwana University
Faculties and Departments
Faculties
Art's
Commerce
Science
Computer Science
Courses
B.A., B.Com, B.Sc., B.C.A., B.C.C.A., B.F.D., B.Com.(CA), B.Sc.(IT),
M.A.(Eng., Mar., Hin., Pol.Sci., Soc, His, H.Eco., Geo., Mass Communication
M.Sc. (Phy, Che, Maths, Env. Sci, Zoo, Bio-Tech, Comp.Sci., Micro Biology, Biotechnology)
M.Com. I, II, M.Phil (Com.),
M.C.A., M.F.D., P.G.D.C.S.
B.Lib., C.Lib., M.Lib.
Junior College
Arts
Commerce
Science
Vocational
MCVC
Activists
About
This was made possible only by the guidance of Shantaram Podukhe. hardworking teaching staff, dedicated support staff and enthusiastic college students. It will now be recognized as an institution of academic excellence and accomplishment. It is one of the best colleges in the university.
See also
List of Universities in India
Gondwana University
References
External links
Official website
Colleges in India
1970 establishments in Maharashtra
Educational institutions established in 1970
The March 85G was a mid-engined IMSA racing sports prototype, designed and developed by March Engineering in 1984 and used in sports car racing until 1988.
Development history and technology
The 85G was the last evolutionary stage of the 82G chassis, which March produced in 1981. The aluminum chassis was made in monocoque construction. The large ventilation opening between the headlights led the air under the car; this was intended to generate more downforce, but this was only partially successful.
Eleven chassis were manufactured at March, three of which were sold to Nissan Motorsports International. Two vehicles were fitted with V6 engines, the third received an in-line 4-cylinder engine. Nissan used the car in 1985 and 1986 as the Nissan R85V in sports car racing.
The remaining vehicles were sold to IMSA teams and equipped with different racing engines. Conte and Ralf Sanchez Racing relied on a V6 Buick turbo engine; the Leon Brothers Racing 85G ran a 6-cylinder Porsche flat engine and the DeAtley Racing car ran a Chevrolet V8 engine.
Racing history
85G were reported 94 times in 47 races; in five years of use, there was only one overall victory and a total of five places in the top three. The car made its racing debut at the 3 Hours of Daytona in 1984; Two vehicles were reported, both of which failed. Emerson Fittipaldi contested one of his rare sports car races in one of the vehicles.
The only race victory there was in 1985 at the World Sportscar Championship counting 1000 km race from Fuji. Due to heavy rain, almost all of the top teams had decided not to start. The race had to be stopped after just a quarter of the distance because the track was impassable. At the time of the abandonment, the Japanese trio Kazuyoshi Hoshino, Akira Hagiwara and Keiji Matsumoto were leading and thus won the championship run.
References
External links
Racing cars
March vehicles
Sports prototypes
IMSA GTP cars
Group C cars
New River (also Newriver) is an unincorporated community in Scott County, Tennessee, United States.
Josephus S. Cecil (1878–1940), United States Army officer and recipient of the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine–American War, was born in New River.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Scott County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Dedenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
The Black Action Movement was a series of protests by African American students against the policies and actions of the University of Michigan. The protests themselves took place on three occasions in 1970, 1975, and 1987 (BAM I, BAM II, BAM III). Many student organizations participated in the movement, which has been called one of the most challenging for administrators in the school's history. Alan Glenn of the Ann Arbor Chronicle said of the 1970 protests that "the BAM strike became one of the few protests of that era in which the students could make a valid claim of victory."
First protest
After the Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968, students protested against the University of Michigan administration for lack of support for minorities on campus. The university agreed to certain concessions and to increase integration on campus. The 1970 Black Action Movement protests first began in late 1969, when black student organizations began to chafe at the slow progress of this proposed integration. Following their decision to become more proactive, the Black Student Union, Black Law Student Alliance, Black Psychologist, and the Black Educational Caucus among others entered into talks with university administrators. Accepting an invitation to dine and discuss with the university president in February 1970, the groups staged a demonstration on his lawn and demanded that by the beginning of the 1973–1974 school year, the balance of African American students and administrators proportionately reflect the 10% balance in the state at the time. Other requests were for better support for minority students, including a recruiter for Chicano students and a Black Student Center, financial support by way of extra grants and scholarships, and the establishment of a Black studies program.
The campaign closed the University of Michigan for 18 days through strikes, protests, picketing, blocking of buildings and streets, and interruption and shutting down of classes. During the last week of the strike, attendance of classes in the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts (LSA) dropped by 75%. The settlement reached on 1 April 1970 involved the university accepting the 10% figure as a goal. In a speech later that month, U.S. Vice President Spiro Agnew criticized university president Robben Fleming for his "surrender" to the students, calling the university's settlement a "callow retreat from reality."
Second protest
The 1975 Black Action Movement protests were brought about for a few reasons. One of these was the lack of progress by the university in implementing the demands of the first movement. Another reason was the expulsion of a black nursing student, for preparing a patient's insulin shot, who was not allowed an expulsion hearing. The final reason was the university's rejection of a Regent-approved candidate for deanship in the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts. While almost 300 students occupied the central administration building for three days in February 1975, the protests were considered milder than those of 1970. Led by a "coalition of Black, Chicano, Asian-American, and Native-American student group representatives," they presented six demands calling for representation of the Chicano, Asian American, and Native American communities as well as the reinstatement of the expelled Black nursing student. The occupiers elected to leave voluntarily after receiving word, from University of Michigan President Robben W. Fleming, that discussions/negotiations would take place the following week. Because the protesters were never asked to leave, allowing them freedom to protest, no one was arrested or received any penalty. While the administration building was being occupied, nearly 500 students from the Graduate Employers Organization (GEO) held rallies in support of the occupiers in the plaza outside of the Administration building.
Third protest
The 1987 Black Action Movement arose after several incidents, including racist jokes that were broadcast during a show at the student-run radio station WJJX; the response of the university and Ann Arbor police departments to a fight on campus; the university housing's efforts to address racist flyers dispersed on campus; and concerns of the African American faculty over the "racial climate on campus".
In 1970, the university announced the goal of having 10 percent Black students to match that of the Black population of the state of Michigan. Black enrollment fluctuated between 4.9 and 7.7 percent before 1987, when percentage of Black students was 5.4. The university's vice president for Student Services stated that too few high-school graduates from large cities were academically qualified for admission. Additionally, the university provided the Black Student Union with an independent annual budget, created a position to monitor minority affairs at the university, and created an advisory committee including "representatives from Black faculty, student and administrators' organizations and members of the community" to monitor the progress made by the university.
Black Action Movement in the 21st century
In 2013 members of the University of Michigan's Black Student Union revived the Black Action Movement. The revival was prompted specifically by a Theta Xi fraternity party, whose invitation described the party as "World Star Hip Hop presents: Hood Ratchet Thursday". Outrage over the party's racist theme and complaints led to the cancellation of the party. It also fueled student to want to bring attention to the decreasing numbers in black student enrollment at the university as well as awareness of the treatment of those students. On Tuesday November 19, 2013, UofM's Black Student Union started the Twitter hashtag #BBUM, (Being Black at the University of Michigan), encouraging students to share their stories about the treatment of blacks at the predominantly white school. They had over 1,000 student responses. Despite black people making up only 4.1% of the freshman class at the time, the hashtag and stories garnered national attention.
On January 20, 2014, leaders of the Black Student Union at the University of Michigan held a rally during which they delivered the seven demands that they had for the university. The Black Student Union treasurer told the crowd that what brought him there was "the unfinished business of the first three fights of the Black Action Movements." The problems fought for remaining unsolved 44 years after the initial protest began. Included in the Black Student Union demands were a new Trotter Multicultural Center in a more accessible location on Central Campus, better representation on campus for blacks, and more affordable housing options. The University President at the time, Mary Sue Coleman, responded to the demands by coming up with her own three-pronged approach, addressing some but not all of the demands raised.
On April 22, 2014, the Supreme court upheld the Michigan law banning affirmative action. With the shrinking percentages of black enrollment in Michigan University's' this ruling was seen by the University of Michigan Black Student Union and students across the state as a hindrance toward their goal of increasing Black enrollment. In 2014, 32% of Blacks living in Michigan were living in poverty. Statistically people living in poverty are less likely to attend university. Attending university helps set people up with better jobs and is believed to result in a general betterment of life. It was thought that impact could be made on the large numbers of black poverty by giving a slight advantage to blacks, helping to change black communities as a whole. After the Supreme Court decision, the Black Student Union again met with some of the heads of University of Michigan in order to generate a plan to increase black student enrollment and outreach. The problem of low Black enrollment continues to be the hardest issue to solve. The 2016 Freshman class profile showed that Blacks made up only 5% of the class, half of what the percentage the BAM fought for in the late 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.
Despite many years, negotiations and actions taken, racism against Black students at the University of Michigan still occurs. On September 26, 2016, posters were found around the school with anti-black messages. Following a week of protests, racist and homophobic posters were again found around the university campus. As a result, University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel, along with fellow students and faculty in October, 2016 generated a new Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Plan, which aims to outline steps toward creating a more diverse and inclusive campus. However, in February 2017 racist emails were sent by a hacker to all students in the School of Engineering. They included vulgar racist language and phrases such as "Heil Trump". This incident and the lack of response from administrators prompted the student organization Students4Justice (S4J) to occupy the Michigan Union until administrators met their demands, which included meeting with students, improving the bias incident reporting protocol, fulfilling the remaining demands of the #BBUM movement, such as affordable campus housing and increasing Black enrollment to 10%, and creating an activist space on campus for students of color to organize for social justice modeled after an earlier building discontinued by the university called the Ella Baker - Nelson Mandela Center for Anti-Racist Education. The University of Michigan administration responded to the demands of S4J with a 35-page report and has agreed to hold private meetings with leaders of the group to negotiate further on the demands.
See also
Black Student Movement (University of North Carolina)
References
1970 in Michigan
1975 in Michigan
1987 in Michigan
1970 protests
1975 protests
1987 protests
February 1970 events in the United States
February 1975 events in the United States
African Americans' rights organizations
Post–civil rights era in African-American history
History of African-American civil rights
Nonviolent resistance movements
Student political organizations in the United States
Youth empowerment organizations
Civil rights organizations in the United States
University of Michigan
Kern Manor (also Lacherne, 11th century; Kurne, 13th century) was a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Kern was held before the Conquest by Earl Harold, and in 1086 by the king. It seems afterwards to have passed to the Aula family, and part was given by Roger de Aula to the Knights Templars. His gift was confirmed by Ralph Mackerell and apparently augmented by Robert Russell. The Templars' holding was attached to the preceptory of South Baddesley, and on its suppression in 1558 Kern was granted to Winchester College. Another holding at Kern belonged at the end of the 13th century to the chaplains of Barton Oratory, and passed with their other estates in 1439 to Winchester College, who as of 1912 were owners of the whole manor.
The house, a simple structure of the 16th–17th century, lies under the down, just to the north of Alverstone, and is now divided up into two cottages.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Pierre Boucher de la Bruère (baptized Joseph-René-Pierre-Hypolite) (July 5, 1837 – March 6, 1917) was a Canadian lawyer, journalist, author, office holder, and politician.
Born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Lower Canada, the son of Pierre-Claude Boucher de La Bruère and Hippolyte Boucher de Labroquerie, he studied at the Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe. From 1857 to 1858 he studied law at the Université Laval and he was called to the bar of Lower Canada in 1860. He started practicing law in Saint-Hyacinthe and was protonotary for the judicial district of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1870 to 1875. In 1875, he became editor of Le Courrier de Saint-Hyacinthe and became owner in 1877.
In 1877, he was named to the Legislative Council of Quebec for the Rougemont division. A Quebec Conservative, he was Speaker of the Council from 1882 to 1889 and again from 1892 to 1895. He resigned in 1895 and was appointed superintendent of public instruction.
He was a member of the group that created the Société d'industrie laitière de la province de Québec in 1882, an organization to improve the dairy industry in Quebec that founded a dairy school in Saint-Hyacinth in 1892, later taken over by the provincial government.
References
External links
Portrait, 1909, by painter Charles Gill.
1837 births
1917 deaths
Presidents of the Legislative Council of Quebec
Conservative Party of Quebec MLCs
Lawyers in Quebec
Université Laval alumni
Simone Zypora Gad (April 17, 1947 – February 25, 2021) was a Belgian-born American artist and actress.
Early life
Gad was born in Brussels, the daughter of Michel AOUN Gad and Basla (Ba2ra) Gad. Her Polish-born Jewish parents were Holocaust survivors; her father was a tailor. The family moved to the United States in 1951, and Gad was raised in the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Career
Gad was an artist, associated with the Fluxus movement in the 1970s. Her "brutal, playful, and kinetic" work often involved painting, collage and assemblage techniques, with portraits, found objects, animal and architectural images. Most of Gad's gallery shows were in Southern California, but works by Gad were also included in exhibitions in New York, San Francisco, New Orleans, and Chicago, and in Europe in Paris, Düsseldorf, Antwerp, and Brussels.
Gad was also an actress from her childhood, when her mother took her to auditions. Though she was never cast in major roles, she found some fame in pop-culture moments. In 1965, she spoke the first line of dialog in the first episode of the long-running soap opera Days of Our Lives, credited as "Simone Pascal". She is perhaps most widely known for playing one of the passengers in the bus in the movie Speed (1994). "I had a lot of crying scenes and was one of the last people off the bus," she recalled in a 1995 interview. In her later years, she created and performed autobiographical monologues. Some of these were published as memoirs, including Survivor's Child (2014), and I Don't Like What I Attract (2017), in a series she titled Molested at the Movies.
Critical reception
Some commentators enjoyed the gaudy, messy materials and nostalgic subjects of Gad's work. "Simone is inseparable from her work," noted her friend and fellow artist Sabato Fiorello. "Both are charming, inventive, and always a delight to behold." Ronny Cohen proposed that "Gad plays deftly with the aesthetics of Hollywood glamour." Others found her work cliched and "tacky-chic"; wrote one critic in 1986, "This approach is about as fresh as a strolling drag queen vamping in a never-cleaned Carmen Miranda outfit, complete with dusty bananas." "Gad probably intends to be a social critic," conceded Suzanne Muchnic in 1982, "but her message is so familiar and so numbingly boisterous, we are deadened to its sadness."
Personal life
Gad died in Los Angeles on February 25, 2021, at the age of 73.
References
External links
Simone Gad, "Soap Operas" (1981), an assemblage piece, photographed by Chris Gulker; in the Los Angeles Public Library Photo Collection
1947 births
2021 deaths
21st-century American women
American women artists
Artists from Los Angeles
American actresses
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Belgian people of Polish-Jewish descent
Belgian emigrants to the United States
People from Brussels
Malhar Rao Gaekwad was the eleventh Maharaja of Baroda State reigning from 1870 to 1875. He was the sixth son of Sayaji Rao Gaekwad II and became Maharaja of Baroda after the death of his elder brother, Malhar Rao -I Gaekwad.
Reign
Malhar Rao spent money liberally on prostitutes, nearly emptying the Baroda coffers (he commissioned a pair of solid gold cannon and a carpet of pearls, among other expenses) and soon reports reached the Resident of Malhar Rao's gross tyranny and cruelty. Malharrao further attempted to cover up his deeds by poisoning the British Resident at Baroda, Robert Phayre, brother of Lieutenant General Arthur Purves Phayre with a compound of arsenic. By order of the Secretary of State for India, Lord Salisbury, Malharrao was deposed on 10 April 1875 and exiled to Madras, where he died in obscurity in 1882.
References
External links
BARODA
Trial of Malharrao 1875
1831 births
1882 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Alberto Jesús Garza (born 6 June 1985) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 2003 to 2014. He challenged for the WBA featherweight title in 2013.
Professional career
In April 2009, Garza knocked out Genaro Camargo and won the WBC Continental Americas featherweight title.
On 20 November 2010, Garza upset an undefeated champion, Justin Savi to win the WBC Silver Featherweight title.
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Mexican male boxers
Featherweight boxers
Boxers from Mexico City
Polyortha gradatulana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1866
Polyortha
Pamela Claire Snow is a speech-language pathologist and registered psychologist whose research concerns language disorders in vulnerable children and adolescents, and their implications for academic achievement and psychosocial wellbeing. She has been a vocal critic of pseudoscientific approaches to early reading instruction and support, such as the Arrowsmith Program.
Early life and education
Pamela Claire Snow did her BASc in speech pathology and graduate diploma in communication disorders at the Lincoln Institute of Health Science (subsequently absorbed into La Trobe University). She completed her PhD on acquired brain injury in 1997 at La Trobe University, and then a graduate certificate in higher education at Monash University in 1998. She became a registered psychologist in 2003.
Career and impact
Snow worked in medical education at Monash University from 2005–2015, becoming an associate professor in 2009. Since 2015, she has been a Professor at La Trobe University, forming the Science of Language and Reading (SOLAR) Lab in the School of Education with Tanya Serry in 2020. Through this time, her research has addressed several aspects of language development and disorders and their significance to vulnerability in early life, including mental health and youth offending. She has also been an editor of ACQ, editorial consultant for IJSLP, is on the editorial board of First Language and is an Associate Editor of The Reading League
Her research has impacted speech-language pathology, education, and justice ranging from how children and adolescents are interviewed as witnesses, suspects, and victims though to treatment and management of rehabilitation after traumatic brain injury. She also translates language and literacy instruction and support research for a general audience, particularly parents, teachers, clinicians, and policy-makers via her blog, The Snow Report. She frequently speaks on how reading is taught in Australian schools and has been a vocal critic of the Arrowsmith Program.
Awards and honours
Speech Pathology Australia Fellowship (2012) and Life Membership (2020).
Learning Difficulties Australia Mona Tobias Award (2017).
Snow has additionally won editors' awards for her research publications in 2013 and 2020 and presented the 2015 Elizabeth Usher Memorial Lecture.
References
External links
Created via preloaddraft
La Trobe University faculty
Speech and language pathologists
Australian women academics
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Educational psychologists
La Trobe University alumni
Monash University faculty
Australian psychologists
Australian women psychologists
Sphinctomyrmex stali (named after the Swedish entomologist Carl Stål) is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae. Mayr described the genus Sphinctomyrmex with S. stali as its type species, based on a single dealate gyne. However, except for the holotype, there are no records of normal (alate) gynes for S. stali. All reproductive females collected after the original description are ergatoids.
Distribution and habitat
Sphinctomyrmex stali is known from sparse localities along the southeastern portion of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, from Santa Catarina to southern Bahia. Recent collections suggest that this species can be most commonly found in submontane forests (above 600 m) of the states of Santa Catarina and São Paulo, from whence come most of the specimens in collections.
In a single leaf-litter sample collected in São Bonifácio, Santa Catarina, six workers and two ergatoid gynes very similar to the workers, were captured, which suggests that S. stali is polygynous, as already described for other Sphinctomyrmex species.
Description
The distinctly elongate head, the narrow insertion of the clypeus between the frontal lobes, the absence of lateral lobes from the anterior margin of clypeus, and the absence of appressed hairs on the dorsum of gaster separate S. stali from S. schoerederi. This species can be separated from S. marcoyi by its much larger size and the absence of a median smooth longitudinal stripe on the dorsum of mesosoma. Males are unknown.
Gynes
Two forms are recognized, alates and ergatoids. The alate form is known from a single specimen, the holotype. This gyne differs from workers by the typical characters expected for ant reproductive females: size significantly larger; ocelli well developed; compound eyes considerably large, occupying almost one third of the lateral margin of head. Pronotumis well developed, without projections; scutum large and trapezoidal; notauli shallow, almost indistinct; parapsidial lines feebly visible and convergent towards scutellum; scutoscutellar sulcus impressed; scutellum relatively narrow and set at the same level as the scutum, in lateral view; propodeum large in dorsal view, with dorsal face meeting the declivous face in a blunt angle; wings unknown. Petiole and gaster comparatively larger than in conspecific workers.
The ergatoids differ from the conspecific workers only by the presence of three equally developed ocelli and by the compound eyes being comparatively well developed.
References
External links
Dorylinae
Insects described in 1866
Hymenoptera of South America
Yang Side (; 11 December 1921 – 7 September 2018) was a Chinese major general of the People's Liberation Army, and served as Minister of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the CPC Central Committee.
Republican era
Yang Side was born on 11 December 1921 in Tengzhou, Shandong Province, to a peasant family. In 1938, he joined the Eighth Route Army, and subsequently in the same year, joined the Communist Party of China.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Yang held a number of positions including military chief of Shandong's Political Department and deputy minister of the Shandong Military Liaison Department. During the Eighth Route Army's Lunan Anti-Japanese campaign, Yang was responsible for contact with the Railway Guerrillas. He took part in battles such as the Laiwu Campaign and the Huaihai Campaign. During the battle of Nanjing in April 1949, Yang served in multiple positions including the political commissar of the Fourth Army's garrison in Nanjing.
People's Republic of China
After the founding of the People's Republic of China, Yang Side was involved in the formation of the People's Liberation Army Air Force, holding the post of a division political commissar. He participated in the Korean War. He later served as Vice Minister of the Liaison Department of the General Political Department, Minister of the Central Taiwan Affairs Office, member of the Standing Committee of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, executive deputy director of the Macau, Taiwan and Hong Kong Liaison Committee, among other positions.
During the "Cultural Revolution", Yang Side was persecuted and imprisoned for five years. After China's reform and opening up, Yang was rehabilitated. In May 1986, a cargo plane of Taiwan's China Airlines, flown by the captain Xijue, landed at Guangzhou Baiyun Airport. Yang Side negotiated with the Taiwanese authorities in Hong Kong.
Personal life
Yang Side was married twice. In September 1949, he married the East China Field Army column art troupe captain Wang Chengming. During the Cultural Revolution, the couple were both persecuted. Yang Side published a memoir of the Cultural Revolution, entitled Historic Mission.
References
1921 births
2018 deaths
People's Liberation Army generals from Shandong
Peking University alumni
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Shandong
Chinese military personnel of World War II
Stephan Dabbert (born 23 June 1958 in Braunschweig, Germany) is an
agricultural economist and Rector of the University of Hohenheim.
Biography
The agricultural economist Stephan Dabbert studied agriculture at Christian-Albrecht University in Kiel, followed by a Master of Science degree in agricultural economics at Pennsylvania State University.
He obtained his doctorate from the University of Hohenheim (Germany)in 1990, as well as his professorship in the area of agricultural business management.
He led the Institute for Social Economy from 1992 until 1994 at the Centre for Agrarian Landscape and Land Use Research in Muencheberg. He has held the chair and leadership of the Department of Production Theory and Resource
Economics in Hohenheim since 1994. From 2000 to 2002 he was Dean of Faculty IV - Agricultural Science II – Agricultural Economics, Agricultural Technology and Livestock Farming at Hohenheim University. From 2002 to 2006 he was Dean of the amalgamated Faculty of Agricultural Science in Hohenheim. He was elected Rector in preference to 13
other candidates by a large majority 2012.
Field of interest and publications
Economic questions concerning ecological cultivation are a focus of Prof. Dabbert's research. A further emphasis is interdisciplinary modelling, by means of which agriculture can be represented at the countryside or regional level.
Researchprojects of Stephan Dabbert
Publications of Stephan Dabbert
References
External links
Prof. Dr. Stephan Dabbert on the Webpage University of Hohenheim
Living people
Scientists from Braunschweig
German agronomists
1958 births
The Echo, formerly known as the Evening Echo, is an Irish morning newspaper based in Cork. It is distributed throughout the province of Munster, although it is primarily read in its base city of Cork. The newspaper was founded as a broadsheet in 1892, and has been published in tabloid format since 1991.
The newspaper was part of the Thomas Crosbie Holdings group, and 'sister paper' to the group's Irish Examiner (formerly the Cork Examiner). Thomas Crosbie Holdings went into receivership in March 2013. The newspaper was acquired by Landmark Media Investments, which in turn was sold to The Irish Times in 2018.
Unlike the Irish Examiner, which is now a national daily, The Echos focus is on local news.
The Echo is published daily except Sunday.
History
The Evening Echo was first published in 1892. It was launched as an evening paper by Thomas Crosbie, then proprietor of the Cork Examiner. Crosbie had himself joined the Examiner in 1841, taking over as editor - and later owner - after the death of founder John Francis Maguire in 1871. The newspaper remained in the hands of the Crosbie family until the 21st century.
The presses used by the Examiner and Echo printed the First National Loan for the Sinn Féin Finance Minister Michael Collins in 1919, leading to the British authorities' briefly shutting down the paper. The I.R.A damaged the printing presses in 1920, and they were destroyed by the anti-Treaty I.R.A. in 1922.
For decades the Evening Echo had been connected to the "Echo Boys", who were poor and often homeless children that sold the newspaper.
The title was sold in July 2018, along with other assets of Landmark Media Investments, to The Irish Times group.
In January 2019, it was announced that in March 2019 the Evening Echo would rebrand as The Echo and change from an evening newspaper to a morning newspaper.
Affiliations
The Echo has a number of affiliations, including in sporting and cultural circles. The newspaper is the official sponsor of the Cork Senior Hurling Championship, as well as media sponsor of Feis Maitiú Corcaigh. The Cork International Choral Festival is also supported by the newspaper.
Circulation
Average circulation was approximately 30,000 copies per issue in 1990, 28,000 by 1999, had decreased to 24,000 by 2009, and was approximately 8,000 by the end of 2019.
In 2020, The Echo exited ABC circulation audits.
References
External links
1892 establishments in Ireland
Evening newspapers published in Ireland
Mass media in County Cork
Newspapers published in the Republic of Ireland
Organisations based in Cork (city)
Publications established in 1892
The Irish Times
The 6-step is the basic sequence of breakdancing footwork. The dancer uses their arms to support their body above the floor while moving their legs in a circle.
Description
The 6-step is foundational to b-boying not only because it is the first footwork sequence breakers often learn, but also because it remains the move around which many sets are structured. Many break moves can begin from the 6-step. The move sets up the direction of rotation and builds momentum while imparting body control. The breaker stays low and in contact with the ground, which places him in perfect position for performing other moves. Each of the six distinct steps puts the body in a different position which can be used as starting points for other moves. Steps 1/2 and 3/4 (described below) are most often used for launching other moves. Conversely, any move which ends on the ground can be transitioned smoothly back into the 6-step.
The body position after step (2) and step (4) are mirror images of each other. Six step often involves looking straight ahead constantly and placing the feet in the same place for each rotation, but can be done with your body facing a different direction for each rotation.
While the basic 6-step resembles walking in a circle on the ground, there are many variations of footwork or "techs" that can reverse the direction of rotation, interlock limbs, incorporate minor flares, twists, powermoves, freezes, tweaks, and much more.
Variants
Out of the many 6-step variations, a few have a defined, repeatable pattern like the 6-step itself and therefore are recognized as footwork sequences in their own right. The most widely recognized ones are listed below. Experimenting breakers commonly invent their own footwork sequences and casually refer to them as "their 9-step" or some similar term, but these sequences are not widely recognized. Moreover, some moves like the 2-step are relatively unrelated to the 6-step even though they have similar nomenclature.
5-Step
A simplified variation of the 6-step. The only difference is that the initial two steps are merged into one. The dancer jumps into step two with his/her front leg slightly more extended.
7-Step
Also a simple variation on the 6-step. The first step is the same, but at the second step the left leg steps over the right. From here the right leg is kicked forward to a position halfway through the third step of the 6-step. The right leg is tucked back in and you continue the fifth step.
Head Step
A 6-step variation wherein the bboy uses his head as a platform instead of his hands.
References
Breakdance moves
Articles containing video clips
ja:ウィンドミル (ダンス)
The 1962 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1962 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 71st overall and 29th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his 12th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of six wins, three losses and one tie (6–3–1 overall, 4–3 in the SEC).
Schedule
Roster
QB Jimmy Sidle
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Nalassus dryadophilus is a species of darkling beetles belonging to the subfamily Tenebrioninae.
They are mainly present in Albania, Bulgaria, Croatia, France, Italy, Greece, and Romania.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered under the bark of old trees.
References
External links
Biolib
Fauna Europaea
Tenebrioninae
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1854
Dianthus broteri is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae. It is native to Portugal and Spain, preferring to grow close to the coasts. Dianthus broteri is a complex of polyploid races, with 2n=2x=30, 2n=4x=60, 2n=6x=90 and 2n=12x=180 chromosomes detected in different populations, the largest polyploid series in the genus.
References
broteri
Plants described in 1852
Flora of Portugal
Flora of Spain
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Taxa named by George François Reuter
Endemic flora of the Iberian Peninsula
Keep Cottage, also known as Keep Cooperative is an 1839 post-Victorian tudor revival mansion owned and maintained by Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio, United States. Originally home to the Reverend John Keep, the house underwent a serious renovation in 1911 in order to transform it into a college dormitory. In 1965, it is a rental property of Oberlin Student Cooperative Association, the second largest student cooperative in the United States. It is named after its primary trustee, the reverend John Keep, an abolitionist who cast the deciding vote that let African-American students attend Oberlin College, the first institution to do so.
History
The contract for the construction of Keep Cottage was awarded to Mr. George Feick of Sandusky in October, 1911. The architect was the firm of Patton and Miller of Chicago. The cottage was opened for use in January, 1913. It has dormitory accommodations for fifty-two women. It was named in honor of Rev. John Keep and Mrs. Theodore J. Keep. Mr. George M. Clark and his wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Keep Clark, contributed $10,000 toward the cost of this cottage. The total cost, including equipment and site, was $45,500.
OSCA
Keep is entirely student-run, with all participating students working as cooks, buyers, administrators, and coordinators. Most decisions within Keep are made by modified consensus. Oberlin bans all fraternities and sororities, making the co-ops the largest student-organized social system at the college.
OSCA boards 630 students, the cottage houses 54 of those diners. Similar to Tank and Old Barrows, Keep has a tradition of vegetarian meals, with meat occasionally and vegan options. The intimate and homey lounge is the primary venue for the cooperative's events, historically including the campus-wide Halloween party, the OSCA Chamber Ensemble and weekly astronomy sessions. Keep's basement is also home to the Oberlin Bike Co-op, where students can rent bicycles and learn to fix them, too.
In the cooperative spirit, each member of the house has an assigned, equitable task requiring some five hours of cooking or house maintenance every week. The Oberlin Student Cooperative Association (OSCA) remains a nonprofit organization separate from Oberlin College and refunds unspent room and board to its members at the end of the school year.
References
Oberlin College
Abigail Shapiro may refer to:
Abigail Shapiro, American YouTube personality and sister of Ben Shapiro
Abigail Shapiro, American actress and sister of Milly Shapiro, also known as Abi Monterey
Pipreola is a genus of bird in the family Cotingidae. Together with Ampelioides tschudii, they are collectively known as fruiteaters. All are restricted to humid montane or foothill forest in western or northern South America. They are thickset birds with predominantly greenish upperparts. Males of most species have black heads and/or reddish, orange or yellow to the throat, chest or belly.
Taxonomy
The genus Pipreola was introduced in 1838 by the English naturalist William Swainson to accommodate a single species, the fiery-throated fruiteater. The genus name is a Latin diminutive of the genus Pipra that was introduced in 1764 by Carl Linnaeus.
The genus now contains 11 species:
References
Fitzpatrick, J. W., and Hosner, P. A. (2004). Fruiteaters (Pipreola). pp. 80–84 in: del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A., & Christie, D. A. eds. (2004). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 9. Cotingas to Wagtails. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Cotingidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sungai Durian, or "Durian River", is a mukim in Hilir Perak District, Perak, Malaysia.
Location
Sungai Durian is a polling district in the federal constituency of Pasir Salak and in the state constituency of Kampong Gajah.
The kapong is on the northwest bank of the Perak River, opposite the town of Teluk Intan on the other bank.
The village was founded by the British government in 1950 during the post-war insurrection.
The name is said to have come from a misunderstanding.
At that time there was a durian tree growing beside the river.
A British government official trying to find the name of the place by pointing at it was told first that it was "Sungai" (River) and then that it was "Durian" (the type of tree).
He put the two together to give the present name.
Population
As of 2011 the village had 1,322 formal housing units, with a total population of about 4,000.
The entire population is Chinese in origin, mainly Hakka, and believe in Taoism.
The main economic activity is rubber tapping.
Fishing and growing vegetables are sidelines, and the village has a small furniture manufacturing business.
There is a kindergarten, primary school, clinic, public hall, auditorium, Kuan temple, leisure park and children's amusement park.
The nearest secondary school is Durham Middle School, about away.
Notes
Sources
Hilir Perak District
Mukims of Perak
Torrens Connect is a public transport operator in Adelaide, Australia that commenced operating bus and tram services as part of the Adelaide Metro network under contract to the Department of Planning, Transport & Infrastructure in July 2020. It is owned by a consortium of Torrens Transit, John Holland and UGL Rail.
, Torrens Connect has a fleet of 24 tram sets and over 200 buses.
History
In July 2019, the Government of South Australia announced its intention to privatise the Adelaide Metro tram services operated by the Department of Planning, Transport & Infrastructure. In March 2020, the Torrens Connect consortium of Torrens Transit, John Holland and UGL Rail were awarded the North-South contract. The contract commenced on 5 July 2020 and will run for eight years with a two-year optional extension. As well as tram services, the contract includes bus services, Torrens Transit already operated as an established Adelaide Metro contractor.
References
External links
Torrens Connect
Bus companies of South Australia
Companies based in Adelaide
Tram transport in South Australia
Transport companies established in 2020
Transport in Adelaide
Australian companies established in 2020
The Diocese of Jaffna () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in northern Sri Lanka. Latin Catholicism in the diocese's territory date to the time of St. Francis Xavier. The current bishop is Justin Gnanapragasam.
History
The Apostolic Vicariate of Jaffna was created on 17 February 1845 from the Diocese of Ceylon. On 1 September 1886 it was promoted to a diocese. On 25 August 1893 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Trincomalee. On 19 December 1975 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Apostolic Prefecture of Anuradhapura. On 24 January 1981 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Mannar.
Origins
In 1548 St. Francis visited Mannar and came to Jaffna to persuade the king to cease his persecutions against the Christians.
In 1580, under the protection of the Portuguese, the first Catholic church was built at Jaffna. The whole peninsula having surrendered in 1591 to André Furtado de Mendonça, almost the entire population embraced Christianity. When the fort of Jaffna capitulated to the Dutch in 1658 there were in the peninsula 50 priests, 1 Jesuit college, 1 Franciscan and 1 Dominican convent, and 14 churches. For safety the famous miraculous Statue of Our Lady of Miracles, Jaffna patao ( புதுமை மாதா / Puthumai Matha 1614-1658) was smuggled out of the island by Portuguese prisoners. Since 1658, the Protectress of Jaffna is in exile in the church of Sao Pedro situated along the Mandovi river in Bainguinim, Goa, India.
Dutch period
The Dutch immediately manifested the most hostile disposition towards the Catholics. The priests and monks were banished, and giving them shelter was declared a capital offence. From that time dates the long persecution which ended only with the surrender of Ceylon to the British in 1796. To this diocese belongs the Island of Mannar rendered famous by the apostolic labours of St. Francis Xavier and by the martyrdom of 600 to 700 Christians, executed by order of the King of Jaffna. Madhu, though a solitary spot in the middle of the jungle, has also its historical fame. For a long time during the Dutch persecution it was the refuge of native Christians. To this spot they had transported a statue of Our Lady which is enshrined in the new church. Madhu has developed into an important pilgrimage, where more than 40,000 pilgrims congregate every year for the feast of the Visitation.
British period
In 1845 Ceylon was divided into the two vicariates of Colombo and Jaffna, with Bishop Orazio Bettachini as vicar Apostolic of the latter. In 1847 the Oblates of Mary Immaculate arrived in Ceylon. In 1857 the Jaffna vicariate was handed over to the Oblates, and on the death of Bishop Bettachini, Bishop Semeria, O.M.I., was appointed vicar Apostolic. In 1868 Bishop Christopher Bonjean, also O.M.I., succeeded Bishop Semeria. He had been in the missions for nine years in India and in 1856 had crossed over to Ceylon to join the Oblate Congregation. During his administration a great impulse was given to primary education. The effects of the Protestant and Hindu schools were more than counterbalanced by the activity of the bishop and the missionaries. Subsequently Bishop Bonjean was transferred to the metropolitan see of Colombo. Bishop Theophile Melirzan, O.M.I., succeeded him at Jaffna and, following in his footsteps, was named Archbishop of Colombo in 1893. In the same year Henri Joulain, Q.M.I., was appointed Bishop of Jaffna.
20th century
The entire population of the diocese in the early 20th century was 499,200; the Catholics numbering 45,500; the diocese was in the hands of the Oblates; 3 secular priests helping in the parochial ministry. The total number of missionaries was 46. Attached to the cathedral is St. Martin's seminary for the education of junior students aspiring to the priesthood. St. Patrick's college and boarding school is the most flourishing institution of the northern province. It has a staff of 6 European fathers, 1 native father, 2 brothers, and 15 native professors. The average number of students is 450. It is especially devoted to higher English education, and prepares its students for the Cambridge Junior and Senior examinations and for the London University Intermediate. Some years ago it was thought expedient to come into closer contact with non-Catholics and especially with the higher classes of Hindus. For this purpose a Hindu boarding school was attached to St. Patrick's College. The boarders number 100, with good prospects for the future. Jaffna convent, conducted by the Sisters of the Holy Family of Bordeaux, follows the same junior and senior courses, for the education of girls, as St. Patrick's. To the convent is attached a girls' orphanage. The native Brothers of St. Joseph are occupied in teaching at Jaffna, Kayts, Mannar and Mullaitivu. The native Sisters of St. Peter conduct primary schools in all the important stations of the diocese. There are 127 schools under the control of the missionaries, for the vernacular and primary English education. At the two industrial schools of Colombogam and Mullaitivu 125 orphan boys are taught agriculture and useful trades. The diocese has conferences of St. Vincent de Paul and young men's associations for the working classes. St. Joseph's Catholic Press is the home of the Jaffna Catholic Guardian, a weekly paper devoted to the interests of the diocese. A Catholic Club has just been founded for the purpose of interests of the Catholic community.
Bishops, Vicars Apostolics and Pro-Vicar Apostolics
Other Officials
Vicar General - Rev.Fr. Pathinathan Josephdas Jebaratnam
Chancellor - Rev.Fr.S.V.B Mangalarajah
Judical Vicar - Rev. T.J Kirubakaran
Financial Administratior - Rev.Fr. S. Nesanayagam
Activities and Organizations
Spiritual Centers
Divine retreat center, Jaffna
Sangamam, Kopy
Catholic Educational Institutions
St. Patrick's College, Jaffna
St. Don Bosco School
St.Henry's College, Illavalai.
St.Antony's College, Kayts.
Major Catholic Organizations
Caritas- Hudec
Catechetical Center
Ahavoli
Commission for Justice and Peace
Notable Churches
St.Mary's Cathedral , Jaffna.
Our Lady of Refuge , Jaffna
St.Antony's Church, Jaffna
St.James, Church, Gurunagar, Jaffna
Our lady of Miracle, Gurunagar, Jaffna
St. Sebastian Church, Gurunagar, Jaffna,
Our Lady of Velankani, Gurunagar, Jaffna
St. Roche Church, Gurunagar, Jaffna
Christ the King Church, Koiyathottam, Jaffna
St. John's Church, Jaffna
St.Thersa Church, Jaffna
Our lady of Rosary, Jaffna
Infant Jesus Church, Jaffna
St.Joseph Church, Jaffna
St.Annes Church, Jaffna
St. Benedict's Church, Nallur
St. Jude Church, Ariyalai
Mount Carmel Church, Gurunagar
Holy redeemer Church, Maniyanthottam
St. Nichlos Church, Navanturai
St.Antony's Church, Manipay
Our lady of Fatima, Pandatheripu
Kathirai Madha Church, Sillalai
Our lady of Lourdes, Point Pedro
St.Thomas Church, Point Pedro
Our lady of Velankani, Point Pedro
St.Joseph Church, Point Pedro
St.Antony's Church, Nelliady
St. Peter's Church, Navaly
St. Joseph Church , Atchuvely
St.Antony's Church, Atchuvely
Mount Carmel Church, Vasavilan
St.James Church, Vasavilan
St. Antony's Church, Kayts
St.Peter's Church, Kayts
St.Thomas Church, Kayts
St.Mary's Church Kayts
Holy Family Church, Uduvil
St.Michel's Church, Urumpirai
St. Theresa Church, Kilinocchi
St.Jude Church, Kanagapuram
Fatima Church, Uruthirapuram
St.Antony's Church, Thondaman Nagar
St. Peter's Church , Mullaitiv
Our lady of Velankani , Nachikuda
Religious Congregation
Religious Institute of Men
Oblate of Mary Immaculate
Rosarians
Sons of the Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary ( Claretians)
De Monfort Brothers
Religious Institute of Women
Sisters of Holy Family
Sisters of Holy Cross
Sisters of Apostolic Carmel
Rosarian Sisters
Mother Teresa Sisters
Sisters of St. Joseph Cluny
References
1845 establishments in Ceylon
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Religious organizations established in 1845
Jaffna
As Japanese citizens, people of the Amami Islands today only have family names (surnames) and given names. They are known for many unique one-character surnames that date back to the Edo period. A survey on telephone directories of 2002 shows that 21.5% of the residents of the Amami Islands have one-character surnames. Famous people with one-character surnames include Atari (中) Kōsuke, Hajime (元) Chitose and Nobori (昇) Shomu.
Background
Although the Amami Islands are today part of Kagoshima Prefecture in the Kyūshū region, the inhabitants share much cultural heritage with Okinawans to the south. Politically, however, they were controlled by different polities for a much longer time. The Amami Islands were relatively late in being conquered by the Okinawa-based Ryūkyū Kingdom, and Ryūkyū's direct control lasted for about 150 years. In 1609, Satsuma Domain of southern Kyūshū invaded Ryūkyū, forcing the kingdom to cede the Amami Islands. Thereafter Amami and Okinawan naming systems separately underwent great changes. Today they are distinct from each other.
One-character surnames
During the Edo period, surnames were considered a privilege of the samurai class, together with the right to wear swords. As all islanders were treated as commoners by Satsuma, they were forbidden to use surnames. With Satsuma's financial deterioration, however, some wealthy islanders were given an honorary rank of gōshi-kaku or quasi-rural samurai in exchange for their financial contributions to the domain. They were allowed to use surnames but forbidden from wearing swords. They were also ordered to maintain their Ryukyuan-looking appearance.
In 1726 Tabata Sabunji (田畑佐文仁) of Amami Ōshima became the first islander to be allowed to use a surname in recognition of his development of new rice fields. The second one was Miyazato (宮里) of Kikai Island, who was given the surname of Sumie (澄江) around 1746 because he received education at his own expense to become a Chinese interpreter. His rank was non-hereditary and the surname was not succeeded by his descendants. The third man was Minesumi (嶺澄) of Tokunoshima, who was given the surname Sunamori (砂守) in 1761 for increased production of sugarcane.
The first three examples were all two-character surnames that were prevailing in mainland Japan. The situation changed in 1783 when the one-character surname Shi (芝) was given to Saneo (実雄) from a wealthy family of Amami Ōshima. According to a record of the Shi family, the ruler of Satsuma Shimazu Shigehide initially opposed to allowing islanders to use surnames. After a persuasion by a chief officer, he decided instead to give one-character surnames to dissimilate islanders from mainlanders. Shi was named after a village in his hometown in modern-day Setouchi. This new policy forced Tabata and Sunamori to rename their surnames. They chose Ryū (龍) and I (伊) after their hometowns Tatsugō (龍郷) and Isen (伊仙) respectively.
Historian Yuge Masami considers that this peculiar policy was part of Satsuma's effort to strengthen camouflage against China. To secure Ryūkyū's diplomatic relation with China, Satsuma concealed its presence in the kingdom from China. Its policy to make Ryūkyū look un-Japanese was one of its camouflage attempts. While Amami was under direct control of Satsuma in reality, it was disguised as Ryūkyū's domain when China was involved. That was the reason why people of Amami were also ordered to maintain a Ryukyuan-looking appearance. In the 18th century Satsuma strengthened the camouflage policy. It banned the use of Japanese-looking given names (e.g. -jūrō (十郎) and -bee (兵衛)). As islanders were sometimes drifted to China, Satsuma even provided a list of potential questions and answers on Chinese inquiry. One-character surnames would be parallel with Ryūkyū's kara-nā or Chinese-style names that were used by Ryūkyū's officials in diplomatic contacts with China. It may be worth noting that in domestic affairs Ryūkyū's Yukatchu used two- or three-character toponyms as their family names (kamei), which had no Amami equivalent.
The number of gōshi-kaku families increased in the 19th century. The reasons of promotion were mostly related to sugarcane production. On Okinoerabu Island, offspring of Satsuma officials and their native wives tended to pick one character from the officials' names.
Modernization
Before the Meiji period, surnames were an honor given to a limited number of families. As of 1852, only 1.8% of the total population of Amami had surnames. In 1875 surnames were extended to all citizens. For historical reasons, many people seem to have adopted one-character surnames. With increasing contacts with mainland Japan, however, many islanders felt it inconvenient to use their peculiar surnames as they were often misidentified as Chinese or Koreans and met discrimination. For example, Kanai Masao, a leader of the Amami reversion movement (1946–53), changed his surname from the one-character Kanae (称) to the ordinary-looking Kanai (金井). Some changed their surnames to two-character ones when Amami was under U.S. military occupation (1945–53).
Others
Names used in unofficial occasions are poorly studied. The following is based on a field study in the Yamato Village of Amami Ōshima.
Each household had a house name (jaanunaa) after a place name, a geographical feature or its relative position in the lineage. For example, a branch family built a new house and thereafter was called miija (new house). Among villagers, house names were used more often than family names.
A man used to have a childhood name (warabïna) and an adult name (nesena) while a female had one given name. An adult name was adopted usually at the age 15, but the childhood name was used more often in daily life. It was not uncommon to assume an ancestor's name or to inherit one character from him. In the case of the Futori (太) family, most of the heads of the family succeeded the name Miwara (三和良). Adult names were also called school names as they were used primarily in school. Nicknames were usually based on physical appearance, e.g. huugamachi (Bighead) and aNchïra (Horseface).
References
Amami culture
Names by culture
Stefania Ferrario (born Stephanie Denise Kightley; 14 June 1993) is an Australian model and activist. She is known for various efforts to raise awareness on subjects including body positivity, animal cruelty, and veganism.
Biography
Ferrario was born in Canberra, Australia to an Italian mother and English father. She is currently the face of a lingerie line by Dita Von Teese for Australian department store Myer, and has previously worked with Gok Wan for Target (Australia) and other Australian brands such as Sportsgirl, City Chic, Bras N Things and Berlei, overseas she has worked for Italian stores Fiorella Rubino, Flow clothing in Malaysia and Swimsuits For All.
In 2012 Ferrario shaved her hair off to raise money and awareness for cancer, alopecia and trichotillomania. She then grabbed the attention of fashion photographer Peter Coulson who photographed Ferrario for his book In My Pants, a charitable publication to raise money and awareness for cancer and the Cancer Council (Australia).
In February 2015, Ferrario started a campaign with television presenter Ajay Rochester to end the use of the term "plus size" to describe models who are above a US dress size 4 by the modelling industry. Ferrario posted a picture with the caption "I am a model FULL STOP" with the hashtag "#droptheplus" which gained coverage in the media and was heavily discussed, with mixed, but mostly positive reactions, on social media and within the fashion industry.
In 2017 Stefania was amongst the four faces of Melbourne Fashion Week.
In an interview with Fuse magazine, Ferrario stated that she is tri-lingual, speaking English, French, and Italian and identifies herself as bisexual.
Ferrario is a vegan and describes herself as an "animal-activist", telling another animal activist she had been vegan since 1 January 2020 and that she wishes she had done it sooner. Later that year, she tweeted "If you're against animal cruelty why are you paying for it on a daily basis? Go vegan!" She has a highlights section on her Instagram for all posts about vegan food and discussion and created a YouTube video showing the food she would eat on a normal day and the vegan food she bought that day.
Ferrario has pierced nipples and a rabbit called Bambi.
Other honors
Stefania Ferrario Wins ‘The PWI Most Beautiful Woman In The World' Award 2020.
References
External links
#droptheplus website
1993 births
Living people
Australian animal rights activists
Australian female models
Models from Melbourne
Australian people of English descent
Australian people of Italian descent
People from Canberra
LGBT people from Australia
Bisexual women
LGBT models
IMG Models models
Veganism activists
The Men's 50 metre butterfly competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 and 17 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 16 May at 11:44.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 16 May at 19:03.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 17 May at 18:02.
References
Men's 50 metre butterfly
Josephus Melchior Thimister (16 September 1962 – 13 November 2019) was a Dutch interior decorator and noted fashion designer who launched his eponymous fashion label, THIMISTER in 1997. In 2001, the editor-in-chief of Vogue USA Anna Wintour named Josephus Thimister as one of the Twenty-First Century's best fashion designers. In 2010, Cathy Horyn writing for The New York Times described his couture show and its pieces as, "fascinating (…) quite clear in military shapes and broken elegance. Dresses like melted down family silver". After a brief period with Karl Lagerfeld as an assistant, he worked as a designer at Jean Patou before being appointed director of luxury prêt-à-porter at the house of Balenciaga. It was for the next five and a half years that Thimister would spend reviving the brand with his pure, succinctly modernist vision. He then set up his own Paris-based house in 1997, and thereafter presented both haute couture and prêt-à-porter collections under his name.
Early life and career
Born to parents of Russian, Belgian, and French descent in Maastricht, Netherlands in 1962, Thimister knew of his passion for design at the age of four. His ambitions soon materialized when he graduated from the fashion department of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts Antwerp summa cum laude in 1987; the same year Thimister claimed first prize for design in the institution. Within a year, the aspiring designer found himself working under Karl Lagerfeld, then creative director of Chanel and also of his own eponymous label.
Early career
Thimister then worked at the House of Patou in preparation of their 1990 haute-couture collection. From 1987 to 1992, Thimister also freelanced as an illustrator and interior decorator for magazines (Vogue, Vogue Déco, Elle Déco, World of Interiors), private clients, exhibitions (Maison et Object, Musée Carnavalet, Grand Palais), and created art installations in Rome.
Balenciaga Years
In 1991, Thimister advanced toward Balenciaga where he would hold the position as artistic director of luxury women's prêt-à-porter and accessories for over half a decade. It was said that at Balenciaga, he "contributed through his minimalist style and great skills in cutting in modernizing the house's image."
After spending nearly six years with Balenciaga, Thimister began to design for the Italian ready-to-wear label Genny in 1998. At Genny, Thimister readapted classic military coats and bias-cut gowns; synthesizing dramatic, long leather skirts with elegant crisp cotton-glazed shirts. His designs showed a different approach of the art, demonstrating his individuality among the established couture names. Critics were struck by the modernity and apparent simplicity of his silhouettes.
In February 2005, Thimister was named head designer by the house of Charles Jourdan, in replacement of Patrick Cox. Working at Charles Jourdan, Thimister became known for his poetically Nordic, lightly surrealist and controversial creations.
Thimister thereafter did stints with various fashion-influenced institutions for three years.
He designed a collection inspired by Andy Warhol entitled "Andy Warhol: Heroes & Icons", put on display in 2006 around Europe.
He also supervised and consulted the concept design of handbags under the Swarovski name.
House of Thimister
In a few years, Thimister had designed an entire mélange of haute couture and luxury prêt-a-porter pieces. In January 2010, after being invited by the Fédération française de la couture, his return show was met with resounding success and received much praise from the press and the industry. The collection, termed "1915: Bloodshed and Opulence" an anti-war collection, was a medley of recycled military jackets and canvas tents, and elegant couture finishing of silk, crepe and satin lining. "I'm convinced that all of today's problems are the conclusion of that period", claimed Thimister in an interview with Style.com, "I am recycling some of my favorite fabrics, like imperial satin and wool blends". An array of ultra-brut fused with ultra-sophistiqué materials were hence formed. The brand now boasts celebrated pieces of blood Red, rough Khaki and faded Ivory; pieces defined as “starkly beautiful” - (Jenny Barchfield)
Personal life
Josephus Thimister resided in Dublin, Ireland as well as in Paris, France near his eponymous fashion house.
Thimister committed suicide on 13 November 2019. He was 57 years old.
References
Thimister Spring 2010 Couture Collection on Style.com: Complete Collection
1962 births
2019 deaths
Belgian people of Russian descent
Belgian people of French descent
Belgian fashion designers
Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) alumni
Dutch expatriates in Ireland
Dutch fashion designers
2019 suicides
Suicides in France
David C. Shanks (April 6, 1861 - April 10, 1940) was a career officer in the United States Army. A graduate of the United States Military Academy, he attained the rank of major general, and was a veteran of the Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War, and World War I. He was most notable for his command of the Hoboken Port of Embarkation and 16th Division during the first World War, and was a recipient of the Army Distinguished Service Medal and Navy Distinguished Service Medal.
Early life
David Cary Shanks Jr. was born in Salem, Virginia on April 6, 1861, a son of David C. Shanks (1825-1900) and Sarah Medora (Boone) Shanks (1829-1914). The elder Shanks was an American Civil War veteran of the Confederate States Army and attained the rank of colonel.
The younger Shanks was educated in Salem and attended Roanoke College, from which he graduated in 1879. He then attended the United States Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1884 ranked 33rd of 37.
Start of career
Shanks was commissioned as a second lieutenant of Infantry. Assigned to the 18th Infantry Regiment, he served on frontier duty at Fort Maginnis, Montana from 1884 to 1885 and Fort Gibson, Oklahoma from 1885 to 1890. He was promoted to first lieutenant in 1890, and was the regimental adjutant at Fort Clark, Texas from 1890 to 1894. From 1894 to 1898, Shanks served as professor of military science and tactics at Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Spanish–American War
At the start of the Spanish–American War, Shanks was assigned as mustering officer, quartermaster, and commissary in Richmond, Virginia. Responsible for organizing and training Virginia soldiers who joined the United States Volunteers, Shanks served in Richmond from May 1, 1898 to February 1, 1899. He was promoted to captain on April 26, 1898 and temporary Major in the 2nd Virginia Volunteer Infantry on June 1, 1898. He was mustered out of the volunteers on December 16, 1898 and returned to his permanent rank of captain.
Philippine–American War
In early 1899, Shanks rejoined the 18th Infantry, which was assigned to the island of Panay during the Philippine–American War. Shanks served in the city of Iloilo and remained on duty in the Philippines until October 1901. From 1901 to 1903, he served with the 18th Infantry at Fort Douglas, Utah.
From April 1903 to July 1903, Shanks served as quartermaster of the 18th Infantry in Tacloban on the Philippine island of Leyte. From July 1903 to October 1905, Shanks served with the civil government of the Philippines as governor of the province of Cavite. He was promoted to major in the 4th Infantry on November 4, 1904.
Continued career
Shanks served with the 4th Infantry at Fort Slocum, New York and Fort Mackenzie, Wyoming from November 1905 to March 1908. He then returned to the Philippines with the 4th Infantry, and he served at Camp Jossman, Guimaras from March 1908 to July 1909. From August 1909 to June 1912 Shanks served on recruiting duty at Columbus Barracks, Ohio and at Fort Logan, Colorado. On March 11, 1911, Shanks received promotion to lieutenant colonel. He served at Fort Thomas, Kentucky from 1912 to 1913.
From January to March 1913, Shanks attended the School for Field Officers at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He was then detailed to the Inspector General's department, and served as inspector of the Western Department from April to September 1913. From September 1913 to September 1914, Shanks served in the office of the Inspector General of the Army. From August 1914 to August 1915, he was again assigned as inspector of the Western Department. He was promoted to colonel on August 4, 1914.
Shanks served as inspector of the Philippine Department from September 1915 to June 1917. He was promoted to brigadier general on May 15, 1917.
World War I
Upon returning to the United States, Shanks was assigned as commander of the Hoboken Port of Embarkation. Responsible to plan and execute transportation of Army soldiers and equipment to France, he served in this position from July 1917 to September 1918. In August 1917, Shanks was promoted to temporary major general.
Shanks left Hoboken to assume command of the 16th Division at Camp Kearny, California. He was still organizing and equipping his command when the war ended in November 1918, which resulted in the 16th Division's inactivation.
After the 16th Division was demobilized, Shanks returned to the Port of Hoboken, now a port of debarkation. He had responsibility for receiving soldiers and equipment returning from France and arranging for onward transportation, and held this command From December 1918 to April 1920. Shanks received both the Army Distinguished Service Medal and Navy Distinguished Service Medal to recognize his superior performance of duty during the war.
Post-World War I
In April 1920, Shanks was assigned to command the 5th Division at Camp Gordon, Georgia. He remained in command until August 1920, when he was assigned as commander of the First Corps Area in Boston, Massachusetts. He served in this command until September 1921, and was promoted to permanent major general in March 1921.
From July to November 1921, Shanks was assigned as commander of the 1st Division and Fort Dix, New Jersey. In November 1921, he was a pallbearer at the burial of the Unknown Soldier. From November 1921 to July 1922, he was president of the Army's Board for Examination, which determined which officers would be retained after World War I and at what rank.
Shanks commanded the Fourth Corps Area in Atlanta, Georgia, from July 1922 to November 1924. In August 1923, he was one of the pall bearers at the funeral of President Warren G. Harding.
Retirement and death
In January 1925, Shanks retired as a major general and settled in Washington, D.C. A prolific writer, he authored numerous books and magazine articles, including: Management of the American Soldier (1918); As They Passed Through the Port (1927); "Golf Stories" (Golf Illustrated, November 1928); "Indian Territory Incidents" (National Sportsman, March, April, May, 1929); "Hunting Tales of the Old Army" (Forest and Stream, 1929); and Genealogy of the Shanks Family in America (1934).
Shanks died in Washington, D.C. on April 10, 1940. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Legacy
The USNS David C. Shanks (T-AP-180) was a U.S. military transport ship. Christened in 1943, Shanks was used to move soldiers and equipment during World War II and the Korean War. The ship was inactivated in 1959 and remained in the Reserve Fleet until being sold for scrap in 1973.
During World War II, the Army established the Camp Shanks military post. Named for Shanks, it was located near Orangetown, New York, and used as an embarkation center for soldiers preparing to depart for service overseas. After the war, it was used as a processing center for prisoners of war who were returning to their home countries. Camp Shanks closed in 1946 and was used as housing for veterans until it was dismantled in 1954. Much of the site was later subsumed by construction of the Palisades Interstate Parkway and Tappan Zee Bridge. In June 1994, a museum to commemorate Camp Shanks opened in Orangetown.
In addition to his military awards, in 1921 Shanks received the honorary degree of LL.D. from Roanoke College.
Family
In October 1893, Shanks married Nancy Wright Chapman (1868-1954). They were the parents of two daughters, Katherine (1894-1960), the wife of United States Navy Captain William E. Malloy and Sarah (1896-1975), the wife of General Stephen J. Chamberlin.
Notes
References
External links
Arlington National Cemetery
Lecture: Who Was Major General David C. Shanks? Robert Foster, Hoboken Museum Director. June 13, 2018. Via YouTube.
Camp Shanks Museum. Town of Orangetown, New York.
1861 births
1940 deaths
United States Army Infantry Branch personnel
People from Salem, Virginia
Military personnel from Virginia
Roanoke College alumni
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
20th-century American male writers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
John M. St. Polis (born John Marie Sainpolis; November 24, 1873 – October 8, 1946) was an American actor.
Biography
St. Polis was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Before starting his film career, he made a name for himself on the Broadway stage, most notably in the role of Frederik in the original production of The Return of Peter Grimm (1911–12) and the play's revival in 1921, both performed at the Belasco Theatre. He also appeared in a different role in the screen version in 1926.
He appeared in more than 120 films between 1914 and 1943. In all of his early roles, the actor is billed as John Sainpolis. His best-known performances are as Etienne Laurier in The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1921), and as Comte Phillipe de Chagny in The Phantom of the Opera (1925).
St. Polis successfully made the transition from silent cinema to "talkies" with one of his most praised performances as Dr. John M. Besant, the father of Norma Besant (played by Mary Pickford) in Coquette (1929). He died on October 8, 1946 in Los Angeles, California from undisclosed causes, aged 72.
Selected filmography
Soldiers of Fortune (1914) - Pres. Alvarez
Joseph and His Coat of Many Colors (1914)
Wormwood (1915) - Gaston Beauvais
Bondwomen (1915) - Dr. Hugh Ellis
The Salamander (1916) - Albert Sassoon
The Yellow Passport (1916) - Fedia
The Social Highwayman (1916) - Hanby
The World Against Him (1916) - Dr. Hamilton Welsh
The Fortunes of Fifi (1917) - Duvernet
Sapho (1917) - Dejoie
Sleeping Fires (1917) - Edwin Bryce
The Mystic Hour (1917) - Clavering
The Love That Lives (1917) - Harvey Brooks
Public Defender (1917) - David Moulton
The Mark of Cain (1917) - Judge Hoyt
Resurrection (1918) - Simonson
All Woman (1918) - Sam Tupper
Money Mad (1918) - Martin Ross
Laughting Bill Hyde (1918) - Black Jack Burg
Stake Uncle Sam to Play Your Hand (1918)
The Poison Pen (1919) - Dr. McKenna
The Great Lover (1920) - Jean Paurel
Old Dad (1920) - Jeffrey Bretton
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1921) - Etienne Laurier
Cappy Ricks (1921) - Skinner
Shadows (1922) - Nate Snow
The Hero (1923) - Andrew Lane
Three Wise Fools (1923) - John Crawshay
The Untameable (1923) - Dr. Copin
A Prince of a King (1923) - Mario
Woman-Proof (1923) - Milo Bleech
The Social Code (1923) - Defense Attorney
Held to Answer (1923) - Hiram Burbeck
A Fool's Awakening (1924) - Lt. Wedderburn
Three Weeks (1924) - The King
Mademoiselle Midnight (1924) - Colonel de Gontran (Prologue)
Those Who Dance (1924) - Monahan
The Alaskan (1924) - Rossland
In Every Woman's Life (1924) - Dr. Philip Logan
The Rose of Paris (1924) - André du Vallois
The Folly of Vanity (1924) - Ridgeway (modern sequence)
The Dixie Handicap (1924) - Dexter
The Phantom of the Opera (1925) - Comte Philip de Chagny
My Lady's Lips (1925) - Inspector
Paint and Powder (1925) - Mark Kelsey
The Far Cry (1926) - Count Filippo Sturani
The Greater Glory (1926) - Prof. Leopold Eberhardt
The Lily (1926) - Comte de Maigny
The Return of Peter Grimm (1926) - Andrew McPherson (uncredited)
Too Many Crooks (1927) - Erastus Mason
The Unknown (1927) - Surgeon (uncredited)
A Woman's Way (1928) - Mouvet
The Grain of Dust (1928) - Mr. Burroughs
The Power of Silence (1928) - Defense Attorney
Marriage by Contract (1928) - Father
The Gun Runner (1928) - The Presidente
The Diplomats (1929, Short) - The King of Belgravia
Why Be Good? (1929) - Pa Kelly
Coquette (1929) - Dr. John Besant
Fast Life (1929) - Andrew Stratton
Party Girl (1930) - John Rountree
The Melody Man (1930) - Von Kemper
In the Next Room (1930) - Philip Vantine
Guilty? (1930) - Polk
The Three Sisters (1930) - Judge
The Bad One (1930) - Judge
A Devil with Women (1930) - Don Diego
Kismet (1930) - The Imam Mahmud
Captain Thunder (1930) - Pedro
The Criminal Code (1931) - Dr. Rinewulf
Beau Ideal (1931) - Judge Advocate
Doctors' Wives (1931) - Dr. Mark Wyndram
Transgression (1931) - Serafin, Arturo's Butler
Men of the Sky (1931) - Madeleine's Father
Their Mad Moment (1931) - Hotel Manager
The Gay Diplomat (1931) - General
The Yellow Ticket (1931) - Passport Official at Airport (uncredited)
Heartbreak (1931) - U.S. Ambassador
The Wide Open Spaces (1931, Short) - Townsman
Alias the Doctor (1932) - Dr. Niergardt
Lena Rivers (1932) - John Nichols
Symphony of Six A Million (1932) - Dr. Schifflen
Forbidden Company (1932) - David Grant
The Crusader (1932) - Robert Henley
False Faces (1932) - Dr. McDonald (uncredited)
If I Had a Million (1932) - Glidden Associate (uncredited)
The Gambling Sex (1932) - John Tracy
Call Her Savage (1932) - Doctor Consoling Nasa (uncredited)
The Match King (1932) - Banker (uncredited)
Terror Trail (1932) - Colonel Charles Ormsby
The World Gone Mad (1933) - Grover Cromwell
King of the Arena (1933) - Governor
Cocktail Hour (1933) - French Police Investigator (uncredited)
Notorious but Nice (1933) - John J. Martin
Sing Sinner Sing (1933) - James Parks (uncredited)
Guilty Parents (1934) - Defense Attorney
The President Vanishes (1934) - Attorney General Davis (uncredited)
Death from a Distance (1935) - Prof. Trowbridge
The Lady in Scarlet (1935) - Jerome T. Shelby
A Night at the Opera (1935) - Opera Conductor (uncredited)
Magnificent Obsession (1935) - Seabury (uncredited)
The Dark Hour (1936) - Dr. Munro
Call of the Prairie (1936) - Banker Jim (uncredited)
Three on the Trail (1936) - Sheriff Sam Corwin
Below the Deadline (1936) - Mr. Abrams
The Border Patrolman (1936) - Manning (uncredited)
Woman in Distress (1937) - Duval (uncredited)
Borderland (1937) - The Doctor
A Day at the Races (1937) - Musician in orchestra (uncredited)
Paradise Isle (1937) - Coxon
Rustlers' Valley (1937) - Banker Crawford (uncredited)
Jungle Menace (1937, Serial) - Chandler Elliott [Ch. 1]
The Shadow Strikes (1937) - Caleb Delthern
Saleslady (1938) - Crane
International Crime (1938) - Roger Morton
Phantom Ranger (1938) - Pat Doyle
The Mysterious Rider (1938) - Townsman (uncredited)
Mr. Wong, Detective (1938) - Carl Roemer
Boys' Reformatory (1939) - Superintendent Keene
They Shall Have Music (1939) - Davis
Abe Lincoln in Illinois (1940) - Minor Role (uncredited)
Knights of the Range (1940) - Doctor (uncredited)
Rocky Mountain Rangers (1940) - Joseph Manners
On the Spot (1940) - Doc Hunter
Haunted House (1940) - Simkins
Federal Fugitives (1941) - Doctor (uncredited)
The Hard-Boiled Canary (1941) - Opera Conductor (uncredited)
Hurricane Smith (1941) - Doctor (uncredited)
Reap the Wild Wind (1942) - Devereaux Foreign Agent (uncredited)
Crossroads (1942) - Professor (uncredited)
Assignment in Brittany (1943) - Old Man at Inn (uncredited)
References
External links
portrait gallery(Univ. of Washington, Sayre)
1873 births
1946 deaths
American male stage actors
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
Male actors from New Orleans
20th-century American male actors
Richard G. Hubler (born Richard Gibson Hubler; 20 August 1912 in Dunmore, Pennsylvania – 21 October 1981 in Ojai, California), was an American screenwriter, military author, and writer of biographies, fiction, and non-fiction. However, his best-known work is the 1965 autobiography he ghostwrote for Ronald Reagan, Where's the Rest of Me?.
Biography
Hubler attended Wyoming Seminary then graduated from Swarthmore College in 1934. Hubler began writing for many magazines. In 1941 he wrote his first biography Lou Gehrig: The Iron Horse of Baseball followed by I Flew for China in 1942, a biography of Chiang Kai-shek's personal pilot.
He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps and was commissioned as a 2nd lieutenant in December 1942. He served for three years in the Corps obtaining the rank of captain. He wrote many articles for the Marine Corps Gazette one of which criticised the American military's awarding of decorations Winning Medals and Alienating People. Hubler also published a World War II history of Marine Aviation Flying Leathernecks: The Complete History of Marine Corps Aviation 1941–1944 in 1944.
After the war, Hubler used his Marine experience as inspiration for his first novel published in 1946 I've Got Mine that was filmed as Beachhead in 1954. It was republished as Walk Into Hell in 1963. Hubler became a Hollywood Scriptwriter with a screenplay based on Jim Corbett's Man-Eaters of Kumaon. This led him to be signed as a scriptwriter for Belsam Productions to write a trio of films for Tom Conway.
In addition to Reagan's autobiography, he also wrote SAC: The Strategic Air Command (1958), St. Louis Woman with Helen Traubel (1959), Big Eight: A Biography of an Airplane (1960) Straight Up: The Story of Vertical Flight (1961) and The Cole Porter Story as told to Richard G. Hubler (1965).
In February 1954 he had a piece entitled Dogs Are Dumb published in Coronet magazine, relating the lack of intelligence in dogs. He quickly became deluged by irate dog-owners' correspondence and can be heard making an apologetic appearance on the 19 May 1954 edition of You Bet Your Life defending his opinion and stating that he owned a dog himself.
Hubler was commissioned by Walt Disney Productions and the Disney family to prepare a biography of Walt Disney shortly after Disney's death, which he researched and wrote during 1967–1968. Upon submission he was paid a contractual penalty and the manuscript never saw print. "No comments, no reasons, no nothing at all", Hubler stated to animation historian Michael Barrier as to why it remained unpublished. Animation historian Wade Sampson notes when Bob Thomas some years later was engaged to write what became Walt Disney: An American Original, Disney executives explained that "two other writers had tried their hand at writing the official biography but both of the attempts had proven unsatisfactory."
A number of the interviews Hubler conducted on Disney have been published in the book series Walt's People edited by Didier Ghez.
Hubler's papers are held by the Howard Gotlieb Archival Research Center at Boston University. This includes the manuscript of the unpublished Disney biography and much material from its preparation. Many of the interview transcripts are also held by the Disney Archives.
He died of Parkinson's disease.
References
External links
1912 births
1981 deaths
People from Dunmore, Pennsylvania
American male screenwriters
American male biographers
United States Marine Corps officers
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
20th-century American biographers
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Laila Davidsen (born 28 January 1974) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress and Conservative parties.
She served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Finnmark during the terms 2009–2013 and 2013–2017. In December 2016 she moved up to full representative, covering for Frank Bakke-Jensen who was named to Solberg's Cabinet. She is a member of the Standing Committee on Business and Industry.
Locally she elected to Alta municipal council in 2007. In 2010 she changed party from Progress to Conservative. From 2011 to 2015 she served as the mayor of Alta, and also a member of Finnmark county council.
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Alta, Norway
Members of the Storting
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Progress Party (Norway) politicians
Mayors of places in Finnmark
Women mayors of places in Norway
Women members of the Storting
Dost Muhammad Khan () (born 20 March 1953) is a Pakistani jurist who remained a senior justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 1 February 2014 to 20 March 2018. Previously, he served as Chief Justice of the Peshawar High Court from 17 November 2011 to 31 January 2014. He refused to take oath under the Provisional Constitutional Order (PCO) 3 November 2007 and rejected many offers.
As Chief Justice of Peshawar High Court and justice at the Supreme Court, Justice D.M. Khan's judicial interpretation has been described as nationalist and moderate leanings when he delivered several major judgments: terming drone strikes as "war crimes'" ordering the government to raise the issue at the UN; a lifelong disqualification of former president Pervez Musharraf from contesting elections; declaring fuel adjustment charges illegal; taking suo motu notice of women being barred from voting and ordering missing persons be shifted to internment centers. His other achievement include: Alternative dispute resolution (ADR) System, Online complaint system and mobile courts.
On 5 June 2018, Dost Muhammad Khan was appointed as caretaker Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and he assumed office on 6 June 2018.
Early life and education
Khan was born on 20 March 1953 in Bannu District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. He received his early education from Government High School No. 1, Bannu. He graduated from the Government Post Graduate College, Bannu in 1974 and obtained law degree from Government Sindh Muslim Law College, Karachi in 1976.
In June, 2008, he attended the Course "on Reducing Delay in Justice, Administration of Justice and Court Management" held by RIPA International, London, United Kingdom. He also attended Conference at Washington-DC on sharing of Judicial Experience on Intellectual Property Rights & International Commercial Arbitration held in October–November, 2010.
Professional career
Khan began his career as a lawyer in 1976 and served in lower and high courts as well as the Supreme Court of Pakistan. He remained President of District Bar Association, Bannu from 1986–87 and President of Peshawar High Court Bar Association D.I. Khan Bench from 1999-2000.
Judicial career
Khan was appointed as additional judge on 10 September 2002. He was elevated as permanent Judge of the Peshawar High Court on 10 September 2003 and took oath as Chief Justice of the Peshawar High Court on 17 November 2011, where he served for two years and two months, before being elevated to the Supreme Court of Pakistan on 31 January 2014.
During his tenure as Chief Justice, Peshawar High Court, he delivered several major judgments including; terming drone strikes ‘war crimes', a lifelong disqualification of former president Pervez Musharraf from contesting elections; declaring fuel adjustment charges illegal; taking suo motu notice of women being barred from voting and ordering missing persons be shifted to internment centers.
Achievements
Khan took initiatives for the provision of "speedy justice. Mobile courts were established to resolve petty civil disputes and criminal cases at the earliest and at the involved parties' doorsteps. Alternative dispute resolution (ADR) center was established at the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Judicial Academy for criminal and civil cases pending in courts. The E-citizens Grievances Redressal System was introduced at the PHC's Human Rights Directorate on 13 January 2014 to enable citizens to file their complaints without having to visit the PHC.
See also
Peshawar High Court
Supreme Court of Pakistan
References
1953 births
Living people
Justices of the Supreme Court of Pakistan
Pashtun people
Pakistani judges
Sindh Muslim Law College alumni
Chief Justices of the Peshawar High Court
Chief Ministers of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Āryabhaṭa (c. 920 – c. 1000) was an Indian mathematician and astronomer, and the author of the Maha-Siddhanta. The numeral II is given to him to distinguish him from the earlier and more influential Āryabhaṭa I. Scholars are unsure of when exactly he was born, though some give dates of his main publications being between 950–1100.
Maha Siddhanta
Aryabhata's most eminent work was Maha Siddhanta. The treatise consists of eighteen chapters and was written in the form of verse in Sanskrit. The initial twelve chapters deals with topics related to mathematical astronomy and covers the topics that Indian mathematicians of that period had already worked on. The various topics that have been included in these twelve chapters are: the longitudes of the planets, lunar and solar eclipses, the estimation of eclipses, the lunar crescent, the rising and setting of the planets, association of the planets with each other and with the stars.
The next six chapters of the book includes topics such as geometry, geography and algebra, which were applied to calculate the longitudes of the planets. In about twenty verses in the treatise, he gives elaborate rules to solve the indeterminate equation: by = ax + c. These rules have been applied to a number of different cases such as when c has a positive value, when c has a negative value, when the number of the quotients is an even number, when this number of quotients is an odd number, etc.
Other contributions to maths
Aryabhata II also deduced a method to calculate the cube root of a number, but his method was already given by Aryabhata I, many years earlier. Indian mathematicians were very keen to give the correct sine tables since they played a vital role to calculate the planetary positions as accurately as possible. Aryabhata II played a vital role in it by constructing a sine table, which was accurate up to five decimal places.
References
Further reading
(PDF version)
10th-century Indian astronomers
Year of birth uncertain
920s births
1000s deaths
10th-century Indian mathematicians
Texas was admitted to the United States on December 29, 1845, and elects its U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 2. The state's current senators are Republicans John Cornyn (serving since 2002) and Ted Cruz (serving since 2013). A total of 27 Democrats, 7 Republicans, and 1 Liberal Republican have served or are serving as U.S. senators from Texas. Morris Sheppard was Texas's longest-serving senator (1913–1941).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | December 29, 1845 –February 21, 1846
| Texas did not elect its senators until two months after statehood.
| rowspan=4 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| Texas did not elect its senators until two months after statehood.
| nowrap | December 29, 1845 –February 21, 1846
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|-
! rowspan=7 | 1
| rowspan=7 align=left | Thomas Jefferson Rusk
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 nowrap | February 21, 1846 –July 29, 1857
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1846.
| Elected in 1846.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | February 21, 1846 –March 3, 1859
| rowspan=11 |Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | Sam Houston
! rowspan=11 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1847.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1851.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=7 | 3
| rowspan=7 | Re-elected in 1853.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1857.Died.
| rowspan=10 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 29, 1857 –November 9, 1857
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 2
| align=left | James Pinckney Henderson
| | Democratic
| nowrap | November 9, 1857 –June 4, 1858
| Appointed to finish Rusk's term.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | June 4, 1858 –September 27, 1858
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 3
| rowspan=2 align=left | Matthias Ward
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 nowrap | September 27, 1858 –December 5, 1859
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to continue Rusk's term.Lost nomination to finish Rusk's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 4
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1859.Expelled following Texas's secession from the Union.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1859 –July 11, 1861
| rowspan=4 |Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | John Hemphill
! rowspan=4 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 4
| rowspan=2 align=left | Louis Wigfall
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 nowrap | December 5, 1859 –March 23, 1861
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Rusk's term.Withdrew.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=6 colspan=3 | Vacant
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 23, 1861 –March 30, 1870
| rowspan=6 | U.S. Civil War and Reconstruction.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=6 | U.S. Civil War and Reconstruction.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | July 11, 1861 –March 31, 1870
| rowspan=6 colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 5
| rowspan=4 align=left | James W. Flanagan
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 30, 1870 –March 3, 1875
| rowspan=4 | Elected upon readmission.
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected upon readmission.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 31, 1870 –March 3, 1877
| rowspan=2 |Republican
| rowspan=4 align=right | Morgan C. Hamilton
! rowspan=4 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1871.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| | Liberal Republican
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 6
| rowspan=6 align=left | Samuel B. Maxey
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1875 –March 3, 1887
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1875.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
| | Republican
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1876.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | March 4, 1877 –March 3, 1895
| rowspan=11 |Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | Richard Coke
! rowspan=11 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1881.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1882.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 align=left | John Henninger Reagan
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1887 –June 10, 1891
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1887.Resigned to become chairman of the Railroad Commission of Texas.
| rowspan=5 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 9
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1888.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 8
| align=left | Horace Chilton
| | Democratic
| nowrap | June 10, 1891 –March 22, 1892
| Appointed to continue Reagan's term.Lost election to finish Reagan's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 9
| rowspan=4 align=left | Roger Q. Mills
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 23, 1892 –March 3, 1899
| Elected to finish Reagan's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1893.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1894.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1895 –March 3, 1901
| rowspan=3 |Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Horace Chilton
! rowspan=3 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=15 | 10
| rowspan=15 align=left | Charles Allen Culberson
| rowspan=15 | Democratic
| rowspan=15 nowrap | March 4, 1899 –March 3, 1923
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1899.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1901.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1901 –January 3, 1913
| rowspan=6 |Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Joseph Weldon Bailey
! rowspan=6 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected January 25, 1905.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1907.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected January 24, 1911.
| rowspan=6 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Bailey's term.Lost election to finish Bailey's term.Retired.
| nowrap | January 4, 1913 –January 29, 1913
| |Democratic
| align=right | Rienzi Melville Johnston
! 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | January 29, 1913 –February 3, 1913
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected January 28, 1913 to finish Bailey's term.
| rowspan=16 nowrap | February 3, 1913 –April 9, 1941
| rowspan=16 |Democratic
| rowspan=16 align=right | Morris Sheppard
! rowspan=16 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 28, 1913 to the full term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1916.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1918.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 align=left | Earle B. Mayfield
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1923 –March 3, 1929
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1922.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1924.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=16 | 12
| rowspan=16 align=left | Tom Connally
| rowspan=16 | Democratic
| rowspan=16 nowrap | March 4, 1929 –January 3, 1953
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1928.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1930.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1934.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=7 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1936.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=7 | Re-elected in 1940.
| rowspan=7 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | April 9, 1941 –April 21, 1941
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Sheppard's term.Died.
| nowrap | April 21, 1941 –June 26, 1941
| |Democratic
| align=right | Andrew Jackson Houston
! 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | June 26, 1941 –August 4, 1941
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected to finish Sheppard's term.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | August 4, 1941 –January 3, 1949
| rowspan=4 |Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | W. Lee O'Daniel
! rowspan=4 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1942.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1946.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1948.
| rowspan=8 nowrap | January 3, 1949 –January 3, 1961
| rowspan=8 |Democratic
| rowspan=8 align=right | Lyndon B. Johnson
! rowspan=8 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 align=left | Price Daniel
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1953 –January 14, 1957
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1952.Resigned to become Governor of Texas.
| rowspan=5 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 20
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1954.Re-elected in 1960, but resigned to become U.S. Vice President.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 14
| align=left | William A. Blakley
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 15, 1957 –April 28, 1957
| Appointed to continue Daniel's term.Retired when his successor was elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=8 | 15
| rowspan=8 align=left | Ralph Yarborough
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 nowrap | April 29, 1957 –January 3, 1971
| Elected to finish Daniel's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1958.
| rowspan=4 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 21
| Appointed to begin Johnson's term.Lost election to finish Johnson's term.
| nowrap | January 3, 1961 –June 14, 1961
| |Democratic
| align=right | William A. Blakley
! 12
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected May 27, 1961 to finish Johnson's term.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | June 15, 1961 –January 3, 1985
| rowspan=12 |Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | John Tower
! rowspan=12 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 16
| rowspan=12 align=left | Lloyd Bentsen
| rowspan=12 | Democratic
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1971 –January 20, 1993
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1970.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1972.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1978.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 24
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1984.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1985 –November 30, 2002
| rowspan=12 |Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Phil Gramm
! rowspan=12 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1988.Resigned to become U.S. Secretary of the Treasury.
| rowspan=6 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 26
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1990.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | January 20, 1993 –January 21, 1993
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 17
| align=left | Bob Krueger
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 21, 1993 –June 14, 1993
| Appointed to continue Bentsen's term.Lost election to finish Bentsen's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 18
| rowspan=12 align=left | Kay Bailey Hutchison
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 nowrap | June 14, 1993 –January 3, 2013
| Elected June 6, 1993 to finish Bentsen's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1996.Retired, and resigned early to give successor preferential seniority.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=5 | 27
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 30, 2002 –December 2, 2002
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Gramm's term, having been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=13 nowrap | December 2, 2002 –present
| rowspan=13 |Republican
| rowspan=13 align=right | John Cornyn
! rowspan=13 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 28
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2002.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 28
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 29
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2008.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 19
| rowspan=6 align=left | Ted Cruz
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2013 –present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2012.
| rowspan=3 | 29
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 30
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 30
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3| 31
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2020.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| rowspan=2 |31
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| 32
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
Living former senators
, there are two living former U.S. senators from Texas. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Bob Krueger (served 1993) on April 30, 2022.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
United States congressional delegations from Texas
List of United States representatives from Texas
References
Texas
United States Senators by state
The General Land Centennial Exhibition was a World's fair held in 1891 in Prague, then in the Austria-Hungarian Empire.
Many buildings were erected for this exposition, including the Průmyslový palace (Industrial Palace) and the Křižík's light fountain at Výstaviště Praha.
Summary
Taking place towards the end of the Austria-Hungarian empire this exhibition was a demonstration of what was to soon become Czechoslovakia's desire for independence. Its date marked 100 years since the first industrial exhibition held in 1791 in Prague's Clementinum when Prague was part of the Habsburg monarchy. The German population in Prague attempted to move the 1891 expo to the following year when it could not be used to mark the century. And then when it was held largely boycotted it.
Sometimes known as the Prague Jubilee Exhibition the main site for the fair is now the Prague Exhibition Grounds close to Stromovka Park. The biggest building was the Průmyslový palace designed by Bedřich Münzberger
Opening
The fair was opened on 15 May 1891 by Archduke Karl Ludwig and attended by government ministers, the governor Count Franz Thun and Prince George Lobkowicz. Emperor Franz Josef I did not attend the opening ceremony, but visited the fair later. Also the Křižík's light fountain was introduced.
Art
Paintings shown included works by Emanuel Krescenc Liška and Hopeless Love by Augustin Němejc which won a second prize.
Legacy
Many buildings from the fair still exist including the Art Nouveau Hanava Pavilion (close to the huge metronome) which is popular for weddings and Petřín Tower a 60 meter copy of the Eiffel Tower. The Křižík's light fountain was reconstructed recently and is still operational.
References
External links
An image of the Hanava Pavilion
Another image of the Hanava Pavilion
1891 in Austria-Hungary
19th century in Prague
1891 festivals
AH
The 2006 Dutch Open in badminton was held in Den Bosch, Netherlands, from November 8, 2006 to November 12, 2006.
Men's singles
Seeds
Results
Men's doubles
Seeds
Results
Women's singles
Seeds
Results
Women's doubles
Seeds
Results
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Results
External links
Full results from TournamentSoftware.com
Dutch Open (badminton)
Dutch Open (badminton)
Dutch Open (badminton)
Allan Ray Guy (born May 18, 1926) is a former educator and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Athabasca from 1960 to 1975 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal. After leaving politics in 1975, Guy became principal at Prud'Homme Central School.
Personal life
Guy was born and educated in Senlac, Saskatchewan, the son of John Guy. He worked on the family farm. Guy continued his studies at the Saskatoon Teacher's College and the University of Saskatchewan. He taught school for several years and then was school principal in La Ronge. Guy was married twice: first to Sylvia Evangeline Harach in 1951 and then to Marjorie Hastings in 1967.
Political career
He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Public Works, as Minister of Municipal Affairs and as Minister of Indian and Métis Affairs. His election in 1971 was overturned after a judicial recount but he won the by-election that followed in 1972. Guy was an unsuccessful candidate for the Rosthern seat in the provincial assembly in 1975, losing to Ralph Katzman.
References
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
1926 births
Living people
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1643.
Events
May/June – René Descartes, having had his philosophy condemned by the University of Utrecht, begins his long correspondence with Princess Elizabeth of Bohemia.
June 16 – The Parliament of England issues the Licensing Order of 1643 to control the press – the action against which John Milton protests in his Areopagitica of the following year.
August 1 – The first of Milton's divorce tracts is published, anonymously and unlicensed.
unknown dates
Cardinal Mazarin opens the Bibliothèque Mazarine in Paris to scholars.
The medieval Icelandic manuscript Codex Regius comes to light, in the possession of Bishop Brynjólfur Sveinsson.
Miyamoto Musashi begins dictating The Book of Five Rings (Go Rin No Sho).
Francis Bacon's New Atlantis and Tommaso Campanella's Civitas Solis, The City of the Sun, are published together in a volume titled Mundus Alter et Idem – the first time, though not the last, that the two works will be bound together.
New books
Prose
Sir Thomas Browne – Religio Medici (first "authorized" edition, after two unauthorized in the previous year)
Sir Kenelm Digby – Observations Upon Religio Medici
Philip Hunton – A Treatise of Monarchie
John Milton – Doctrine and Discipline of Divorce
Roger Williams – A Key into the Language of America
Pedro Agerre (Axular) – Gero
Drama
Pierre Corneille
Le Menteur
Polyeucte
Sir William Davenant – The Unfortunate Lovers published
Claude de L'Estoile – La Belle Esclave (The Beautiful Slave)
Francisco de Quevedo
Entremés de las sombras
La mujer de Peribáñez
Poetry
Ramillete gracioso
Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant – Albion
Births
March 26 – Louis Moréri, French encyclopedist and priest (died 1680)
September 18 – Gilbert Burnet, Scottish historian and bishop (died 1715)
November 1 – John Strype, English historian, biographer and cleric (died 1737)
November 16 – Jean Chardin, French travel writer (died 1713)
unknown date – *Thomas Rymer, English Historiographer Royal (died 1713)
Deaths
February 9 – Sidney Godolphin, English poet (born 1610)
April 4 – Simon Episcopius, Dutch theologian (born 1583)
April 12 – Nicolaus Hunnius, German theologian (born 1585)
April 20 – Christoph Demantius, German poet and composer (born 1567)
November 29 – William Cartwright, English poet, dramatist and cleric (born 1611)
unknown dates
Abraham Azulai, Moroccan-born Kabbalistic author (born c. 1570)
Thomas Master, English poet, translator and cleric (born 1603)
Pedro de Oña, Chilean poet (born 1570)
probable
Mícheál Ó Cléirigh, Irish chronicler (born c. 1590)
Henry Glapthorne, English dramatist (born 1610)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The 2004 Formula BMW ADAC season was a multi-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars held across Europe. The championship featured drivers competing in 1.2 litre Formula BMW single seat race cars. The 2004 season was the seventh Formula BMW ADAC season organized by BMW Motorsport and ADAC. The season began at Hockenheimring on 17 April and finished at the same place on 3 October, after twenty races.
Sebastian Vettel won 18 of 20 races, on his way to championship title.
Driver lineup
2004 Schedule
The series supported the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters at nine rounds, with additional round at the European Grand Prix on 29–30 May.
Results
Standings
Points are awarded as follows:
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
References
External links
Formula BMW ADAC 2004 on adac-motorsport.de
Formula BMW seasons
Formula BMW ADAC
BMW ADAC
Stephen Victor Tracy (born 1941) is an American scholar of Classics specializing in ancient Greek Epigraphy. Inscriptions are one of the most important classes of primary evidence that comes down to us from antiquity. Tracy is best known for devising a method for recognizing the work of individual inscribers. It was long thought that the intractability of the medium (hammer and chisel on marble) made this impossible. But by treating the inscribed letters as a kind of handwriting he has been able to establish careers for many cutters, to join discrete fragments, to date inscriptions more accurately than in the past, and often thereby make it possible to reach a new understanding of historical events.
Education and career
Tracy received his BA in Classics from Brown University in 1963 and PhD in Classical Philology from Harvard University in 1968.
He was an instructor and assistant professor Wellesley College, 1965–71, and professor of Greek and Latin at Ohio State University, 1971-2002. From 2002 until 2007 Tracy was director of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. He has had a long association with the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton: member in 1987-88, 90 and 91, Mellon Fellow 1996-97, and long-term visitor from 2007 to 2016. He is currently a visiting associate at the Institute.
He was the creator and first director of the Center for Epigraphic and Paleographic Studies at The Ohio State University. He continues to oversee the Packard Humanities Institute-funded project there to digitize all ancient Greek epigraphical texts.
Selected publications
Books
Athenian Lettering of the Fifth Century B.C.: the Rise of the Professional Letter Cutter (Walter de Gruyter 2016)
Pericles: A Sourcebook and Reader (University of California Press, 2009)
Athens and Macedon: Attic Letter-Cutters of 300 to 229 B.C. (University of California Press, 2003)
Athenian Democracy in Transition: Attic Letter-Cutters of 340 to 290 B.C. (University of California Press, 1995)
The Story of the Odyssey (Princeton University Press, 1990)
Attic Letter-Cutters of 229 to 86 B.C. (University of California Press, 1990)
IG II2 2336 Contributors of First Fruits for the Pythaïs, Beitrage zur Klassischen Philologie, Heft 139 (Meisenheim, 1982)
The Lettering of an Athenian Mason, Hesperia Supplement XV (Princeton, 1975)
Books co-authored
Inscriptiones Graecae II/III3 1.5: Inscriptiones Atticae Euclidis anno posteriores. Ed. tertia. Pars I: Fasc. 5: Leges et decreta annorum 229/8–168/7 (with V. N. Bardani) Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences (Walter de Gruyter, 2012)
Greek and Latin Inscriptions in the USA: A Checklist (with J. Bodel), American Academy in Rome (Rome 1997)
The Games at Athens (with Jenifer Neils), ASCSA (Princeton 2003)
Selected articles
“Eurykleides I of Kephisia and the Office of Hoplite General in Athens,” pp. 291–298 in ΑΞΩΝ Studies in Honor of Ronald S. Stroud edd. A. P. Matthaiou and N. Papzarkadas (Athens 2015)
“Agora I 6701: A Panathenaic Victor List of ca. 190 B.C.,” Hesperia 84, 2015, 713-721
“The Dramatic Festival Inscriptions of Athens: The Inscribers and Phases of Inscribing,” Hesperia 84, 2015, 553-581
“The Hands of IG I3 421-430, the so-called Attic Stelai,” pp. 259–284 in ΑΘΗΝΑΙΩΝ ΕΠΙΣΚΟΠΟΣ: Studies in honour of Harold B. Mattingly edd. A. P. Matthaiou and R. K. Pitt (Athens 2014)
“Athens in Crisis: The Second Macedonian War,” pp. 13–26 in Ancient Documents and their Contexts edd. J Bodel and N. Dimitrova (Leiden 2014)
“Down Dating Some Athenian Decrees with Three-Bar Sigma: A Paleographic Approach,” Zeitschrift für Papyrologie und Epigraphik 190, 2014, 105-115
“The Wrongful Execution of the Hellenotamiai (Antiphon 5.69-71) and the Lapis Primus,” Classical Philology 109, 2014, 1-10
“The Study of Hands on Greek Inscriptions: The Need for a Digital Approach” (with C. Papaodysseus), AJA 113, 2009, 99-102
“The Statue Bases of Praxiteles Found in Athens,” Zeitschrift für Papyrologie und Epigraphik 167, 2008, 27-32
“A New List of Athenian Ephebes and a New Archon of Athens” (with V. Bardani), Zeitschrift für Papyrologie und Epigraphik 163, 2007, 75-80
“Identifying Hands on Ancient Athenian Inscriptions: First Steps towards a Digital Approach” (with C. Papaodysseus, P. Roussopoulos, M. Panagopoulos, D. Frgoulis, D. Dafi, and Th. Panagopoulos), Archaeometry 49, 2007, 749-764
“Games at the Lesser Panathenaia?,” pages 53–57 in O. Palagia and A. Choremi-Spetsieri (eds.), The Panathenaic Games (Oxford, 2007)
“Antigonos Gonatas, King of Athens,” pages 56–60 in The Macedonians in Athens 322 – 229 B.C. (Oxford 2003)
“A Major Athenian Letter-Cutter of ca. 410 to ca. 380: The Cutter of IG II2 17,” pages 351 to 363 in Gestures: Essays Presented to Alan L. Boegehold (Oxford 2003)
“Herodotus and Xanthippus, Father of Pericles” 315-319 in Noctes Atticae Festschrift for J. Mejer (Copenhagen 2002)
"Dating Athenian Inscriptions: A New Approach," Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 144, 2000, 67-76
“The dedicatory inscription to Trajan at the ‘metropolis' of Petra,” Journal of Roman Archaeology, Suppl. Series 31 (1999) 51-58
"New and Old Panathenaic Victor Lists," Hesperia 60 (1991), 187-236 (with Ch. Habicht). Reprinted in Ch. Habicht, Athen in Hellenistischer Zeit (Munich 1994) 73-139
Further reading
Studies in Greek epigraphy and history in honor of Stephen V. Tracy. Edited by Gary Reger, Francis X. Ryan, & Timothy F. Winters. Paris: Ausonius, 2010.
Living people
1941 births
American classical scholars
Harvard University alumni
Ohio State University faculty
Vices is the second studio album by American rapper Paradime. It was released on October 23, 2001 via Beats At Will Records. Recording sessions took place at Nation Studios in Detroit and Audio Magic in Eastpointe. It featured guest appearances by the likes of Kon Artis and Swifty McVay of D12, Shi Dog and Guilty Simpson of the Almighty Dreadnaughtz, Cansa and Hush, among cameo appearances by Proof, Uncle Kracker and Hex Murda.
Following the release of Vices, Paradime won three Detroit Music Awards in 2002 for Outstanding Hip-Hop Recording, Outstanding Hip-Hop Artist, and Outstanding Hip-Hop MC.
Track listing
Personnel
Byron Simpson – guest artist
Daniel Carlisle – guest artist, producer
Denaun Porter – guest artist, producer
Fred Beauregard – main artist, producer
Michael Earl Clark – producer
Ondre Moore – guest artist
Scott Sumner – producer
References
2001 albums
Paradime albums
Albums produced by Mr. Porter
Albums produced by Mike E. Clark
Golshan () is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran
. At the 2006 census, its population was 441, in 110 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Korovou (literally New Village) is a village in the Fijian Tailevu Province, 31 km from Nausori. It is considered the centre of Fiji's dairy industry, which was established at the end of the First World War by British settlers, on land donated by Fijian chiefs.
Descendants of the original settlers still operate a few of Korovou's dairy farms. Others emigrated in the late 1960s and sold their land to Indo-Fijian investors, angering local chief who claimed that land given by Fijian people should be returned to them. A compromise was eventually worked out, whereby the former landowners would have the first option to purchase any farm coming up for sale.
During the Fiji coup of 2000, supporters of insurrectionist George Speight terrorized the town and the surrounding countryside, and there were reports of police officers abandoning their posts.
Near Korovou lies Natovi Landing, a port used by ferries to Ovalau and Vanua Levu.
References
Korovou, Tailevu
Tailevu Province
Gardan (, also Romanized as Gardān; also known as Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Kazemabad (, also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Matthew Charles Howard-Gibbon (13 November 1796 – 16 December 1873) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London. He was born Matthew Charles Howard Gibbon in London, and was the oldest son of Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk and Mary Ann Gibbon—his long-time mistress and purportedly his third wife. Matthew was married to Charlotte Blackman in 1822, and they originally lived on a small estate in Yapton, but were not known to have had any children. Matthew received his hyphenated surname and family coat of arms in 1842 by Royal Licence obtained by his brother, Edward Howard-Gibbon, with consent of the 13th Duke of Norfolk.
He was appointed by the Duke of Norfolk to the office of Richmond Herald of Arms in Ordinary at the College of Arms in 1846. In 1869, he was noted as the last member of the College to actually reside there during his long tenure in that position. He died 16 December 1873 in Yapton, and he left most of his estate to his niece and accomplished Canadian schoolteacher-artist Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon.
1796 births
1873 deaths
English officers of arms
People from Yapton
Timothy Foster Sedgwick (born 1947) is an American Episcopal ethicist. In addition to being the Clinton S. Quin Professor of Christian Ethics at Virginia Theological Seminary, he has served since 2007 as Vice President and Associate Dean of Academic Affairs.
Sedgwick received his AB from Albion College and his MA and PhD from Vanderbilt University. Following his doctorate he taught undergraduates at Denison University, Marshall University, and Blackburn College and then for 19 years taught Christian ethics at Seabury-Western Theological Seminary.
He has served the Anglican Theological Review as book review editor, board member, and president of the board and as a member of the board of directors for the Society of Christian Ethics. In the Episcopal Church he serves on the Advisory Board for the College for Bishops and on the Anglican–Roman Catholic Theological Consultation in the USA (ARC-USA) bilateral discussion, which recently completed a six-year study on moral theology. Previously he served on the Task Force on End-of-Life Issues, the Task Force on Ethics and the New Genetics, the Committee on Sexual Exploitation, the delegation to the governing Board of the National Council of Churches in Christ, the General Board of Examining Chaplains, the Council for the Development of Ministry (where he served as vice-chairperson), the Total Ministry Task Force, and the Task Force on Lay Professionals.
Sedgwick is married to Martha W. Sedgwick and has two grown daughters.
Books published
See also
List of Virginia Theological Seminary people
References
External links
Timothy F. Sedgwick's faculty home page, Virginia Theological Seminary
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American Episcopalians
21st-century American philosophers
Albion College alumni
American academic administrators
American Episcopal theologians
American ethicists
Anglican philosophers
Blackburn College (Illinois)
Christian ethicists
Denison University faculty
Living people
Marshall University faculty
Vanderbilt University alumni
1947 births
Virginia Theological Seminary faculty
Muhammad Speaks was one of the most widely read newspapers ever produced by an African-American organization. It was the official newspaper of the Nation of Islam from 1960 to 1975, founded by a group of Elijah Muhammad's ministers, including Malcolm X. After Elijah Muhammad's death in 1975, it was renamed several times after Warith Deen Mohammed moved the Nation of Islam into mainstream Sunni Islam, culminating in The Muslim Journal. A number of rival journals were also published, including The Final Call under Louis Farrakhan, claiming to continue the message of the original.
Origins
Nation of Islam leader Elijah Muhammad began the publication in May 1960. Its first issue bore the title Some of this Earth to Call Our Own or Else. A weekly publication, it was distributed nationwide by the N.O.I. and covered current events around the world as well as relevant news in African-American communities, especially items concerning the Nation of Islam itself.
The paper was sold door-to-door and on street corners by Nation of Islam members (Fruit of Islam), at select newsstands in major cities and in the temples of the Nation of Islam. In his The Autobiography of Malcolm X, activist Malcolm X claimed to have founded the newspaper, but this has not been independently confirmed. According to the current Nation of Islam, Malcolm X helped create Mr. Muhammad Speaks, a different newspaper distributed locally in New York City.
Notably, Mr. Muhammad Speaks and Muhammad Speaks have nearly identical layout, content and journalistic approach, suggesting that Mr. Muhammad Speaks provided the foundation for Muhammad Speaks.
It is also believed that Jabir Herbert Muhammad had a hand in starting the paper.
In addition to FOI-based ventures, Askia Muhammad had used the nation's African-American press to publicize the organization and his views. In the 1950s his regular column in the Pittsburgh Courier, at the time the nation's largest black-owned newspaper, generated more letters to the editor than any other feature in the newspaper.
Renamings
Following the death of Elijah Muhammad, his son and successor Warith Deen Muhammad renamed the newspaper Bilalian News in 1976. The title was a reference to Bilal ibn Rabah, the first known black African follower of the prophet Muhammad. The renaming was part of Warith Deen's project to realign the Nation of Islam with mainstream Sunni Islam.
The newspaper was renamed once more in 1981, becoming World Muslim News, and was finally given the name Muslim Journal, which is still in circulation today.
Competing titles
In 1979, Minister Louis Farrakhan founded The Final Call, a newspaper published in Chicago, that serves as the official communications organ of the current Nation of Islam, which had been re-founded in reaction to Warith Deen's reforms. The title derives from the original newspaper of The Nation of Islam, called The Final Call to Islam, published by Elijah Muhummad in the 1940s.
There are a number of publications that hold claims to continuing in the tradition of the original paper, such as "Muhammad Speaks Newspaper" published out of Detroit, Michigan, by Minister Levi Karim, and one of the same name published by Minister Wasim Muhammad in Camden, New Jersey. The Muhammad Speaks in Detroit and Camden is published by followers of Elijah Muhammad who assert that they hold on to the traditional practices of Elijah Muhammad.
References
External links
Nation of Islam
Defunct African-American newspapers
Tito and Me (, Tito i ja) is a 1992 Yugoslav comedy film by Serbian director Goran Marković.
Plot
The movie is set in communist-ruled Yugoslavia during the 1950s. Zoran is an overweight 10-year-old living in an overcrowded home that his parents share with his grandmother, aunt and uncle. In the early communist era of Yugoslavia, many homes were taken away from their owners in the Land Reform programs. His parents are artists, and do not get along with his aunt and uncle, who think that they are communists.
Zoran's family is opposed to Tito's rule, while little Zoran sees Tito as his personal hero. He's learned in school that Tito is the greatest man ever, and he daydreams about meeting him. One day, Zoran writes a composition called "Why I Like the President", which is judged the best of those submitted by Belgrade's schoolchildren. He wins a week's camping trip with other children of families favored by the regime, the trip's highlight being a reception at Tito's palace. His crush, Jasna, an orphan girl, also is going on this trip.
The camping trip is led by a man named Raja, who quickly seems to be insane. The trip becomes increasingly absurd, with Raja and one of older boys Kengur (kangaroo, a nickname given his height) pretend to be ghosts to scare the kids while they are staying in a historic castle.
Zoran is exposed by Raja for stealing a ring to give Jasna. He is going to be sent home on a train, and as he waits, a girl who is friendly with him walks over to his side. All of the students join, leaving only Raja and Jasna opposing him. They finish the journey and arrive at Tito's childhood home, and Zoran is asked to give a speech. He corrects his poem by saying that he in fact does love his parents more than Tito, and stating that he doesn't even like Tito that much.
The film ends with a banquet where all of the kids get to meet Tito, but Zoran is disillusioned and doesn't really care to meet him.
Awards
Silver Seashell for best director: Goran Marković
Silver Seashell for juvenile acting: Dimitrije Vojnov
Cast
Ilija Bašić as first agent
Olja Bećković as Đura's mother
Voja Brajović as Josip Broz Tito
Branimir Brstina as Strahinja
Milutin Dapčević as Kengur
Bogdan Diklić as uncle
Anica Dobra as mother
Ljiljana Dragutinović as aunt
Nebojša Dugalić as policeman
Dušan Jakšić as second agent
Miki Manojlović as father
Olivera Marković as granny
Rade Marković as grandpa
Jelena Mrdak as Ljilja
Dragan Nikolić as Gane's father
Uroš Nikolić as Đura
Lazar Ristovski as Raja
Goran Smigić as Zoran's colleague
Milivoje Tomić as custos
Miodrag Tomović as Tito's adjutant
Vesna Trivalić as teacher
Dimitrije Vojnov as Zoran
Milena Vukosav as Jasna
Jelena Živković as Svetlana
Zarko Lausevic as Borko
Tamara Vučković as Singer in bar
Production
Scenes depicting Hrvatsko Zagorje were filmed on Fruška Gora, in Serbia, because the War in Croatia already started when the filming took place.
See also
Yugoslav films
References
External links
1992 films
1992 comedy-drama films
Serbian-language films
Serbian comedy-drama films
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Yugoslavia
Films set in Serbia
Films set in Croatia
Films directed by Goran Marković
Cultural depictions of Josip Broz Tito
Yugoslav comedy-drama films
Films about Josip Broz Tito
1992 comedy films
1992 drama films
Serbo-Croatian-language films
Daniel Clarence Holtom (July 7, 1884 – August 17, 1962) was an American ethnologist and expert on Japan.
Holtom gained an AB from Kalamazoo College in 1907, a BD from Newton Theological Seminary and a PhD in History from the University of Chicago. He was also awarded honorary degrees from Kalamazoo and Brown University. He was sent to Japan by the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society and was Professor of Modern Languages at Tokyo Gakuin during 1914-1915. He was then Professor of Church History at Japan Baptist Theological Seminary from 1915 to 1925, Professor of History at Kanto Gakuin from 1926 to 1936 and Dean of Theology at Aoyama Gakuin from 1936 until 1940.
He was in Japan when Emperor Hirohito was enthroned and wrote a history of Japanese coronations titled The Japanese Enthronement Ceremonies (1928). The Professor of Shinto at Tokyo Imperial University, Katō Genchi (加藤玄智), praised it as "a fine piece of work with the right man in the right place...[it] makes good use of the expositions of our historians and thereby avoids falling into conjecture; at the same time out of his own original study he advances new interpretations". Robert S. Ellwood in 1969 said Holtom's study of Shinto (The National Faith of Japan) "is undoubtedly still the best general study, but its prewar provenance leaves it now rather dated, and there is not enough depth of material on rite and symbol to satisfy a history of religions approach".
Douglas G. Haring stated that Holtom was:
...the foremost American student of Shinto...[his] meticulous studies of Japanese folk religion belong among the classics of anthropological research. No other foreigner—and few Japanese—achieved his command of the indigenous literature plus untiring field observation...The fact that he was invited to deliver a course of lectures on Shinto history at Kokugakuin (National Academy) in Tokyo, where Shinto priests were trained, speaks for itself. Japanese religious leaders admired his scholarship and trusted his integrity.
Works
The Japanese Enthronement Ceremonies (1928).
The National Faith of Japan : A Study in Modern Shinto (London: Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner, 1938).
Modern Japan and Shinto Nationalism (1943; rev. ed. 1947).
Notes
External links
Guide to the Daniel Clarence Holtom Papers. Special Collections, The Claremont Colleges Library. Retrieved 2021-12-16.
1884 births
1962 deaths
American ethnologists
Kalamazoo College alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Ikkyū-san (, ) is a Japanese historical comedy anime series produced by Toei Animation, based on the recorded early life of Zen Buddhist monk Ikkyū during his stay at Ankoku-ji Temple. The anime was directed by Kimio Yabuki and written by Makoto Tsuji, Tadaki Yamazaki, Hisao Okawa, Tatsuo Tamura, Hiroyasu Yamaura and Keisuke Fujikawa. It aired on TV Asahi from October 15, 1975 to June 28, 1982.
The series was received by all ages in Japan and throughout Asia, as it is mostly non-violent. Even when violence appears, it is usually presented in a mild or necessary way (for example, there are occasional references to the Ōnin War). In 1976, there was also a theatrical film released as part of the Toei Manga Matsui film festival in the summer of that year.
Summary
Ikkyū-san (一休宗純, Ikkyū Sōjun) was born in 1394 in Kyoto. He was the son of Emperor Go-Komatsu and Mrs. Iyo. Ikkyu and his mother had to leave the palace because of the political problem of Japan. When he was 5 years old, he was separated from his mother and was sent to be ordained at Ankoku-ji Temple. Great artistic liberties are taken with regards to the depiction of Ikkyu's cartoon version and his real-life counterpart. In the anime, he is so cute and very neat. In the series, Ikkyū relies on his intelligence and wit to solve all types of problems, from distraught farmers to greedy merchants. A running gag of Ikkyū-san is that whenever Ikkyū is trying to think of a plan, he sits in a lotus position, wets his two index fingers, and rotates them above his head.
In fact, he is a person who has different ideas from people around him so Mr. Ka-so has appointed his senior as Abbot instead of him. He decided to travel to various locations which gave him an opportunity to meet many famous artists and poets. Ikkyu was appointed as the abbot at the Daitoku-ji temple to restore it after destruction. He returned to the Ankoku-ji Temple, which is the last place where he lives, before he died at the age of 87 years in 1481.
Cast
Toshiko Fujita as Ikkyū-san
Reiko Katsura as Sayo-chan
Sanji Hase as Shūnen
Kōhei Miyauchi as Gaikan Oshō
Keiichi Noda as Shinemon Ninagawa
Shunji Yamada as Yoshimitsu Ashikaga
Voice Actor
Charmaine Sheh as Ikkyu-san (余詩曼)
Reception
In 2005, Japanese television network TV Asahi conducted an online web poll for the top one hundred anime, and Ikkyū-san placed 85th tied with Hana no Ko Lunlun.
This animation has become one of the most famous Japanese anime in China. So, this anime was chosen to promote international tourism.
Trivia
This series is referenced in 2008 by Tokine Yukimura in a flashback on episode 50 of Kekkaishi.
Wednesday Campanella have a song and PV named after Ikkyu-san.
References
External links
1975 anime television series debuts
Asia Television
Toei Animation television
Toei Animation films
TV Asahi original programming
Fictional Buddhist monks
Television series about Buddhism
Films about Buddhism
Buddhist animation
Ikkyū
Ashawawra () is a Palestinian village located twelve kilometers southeast of Bethlehem. The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate central West Bank.
History
Modern era
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Ash-Shawawra has been under Israeli occupation.
After the 1995 accords, 52.2% of Ash-Shawawra land is defined as Area A land, 6% is Area B, 14.6% is defined as Area C, while the remaining 27.2% is defined a nature reserves.
According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 3,737 in 2007. The primary healthcare is obtained in Za'atara, where the Ministry of Health denotes the healthcare facilities as level 3.
Footnotes
External links
Al-Shawawreh, Welcome to Palestine
Ash Shawawra village (fact sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Ash Shawawra village profile, ARIJ
Ash Shawawra aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Ash Shawawra village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Bethlehem Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Paramesia paracinctana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Algeria.
References
Moths described in 1993
Archipini
Frederick Rolf (born Rolf Günther Friedrichs; August 14, 1926) is an actor and director whose career spans British and American film, theater, television and opera.
Biography
Born to Dr. Theodor Friedrichs and his wife Ilse, Rolf escaped Nazi Germany on a Kindertransport in May 1939 and fled to England where he attended the City of Bath Boys' School. He worked in the BBC's European Service during the war. He became an actor in 1946 and changed his name from Rolf Günther Friedrichs to Frederick Rolf. He made his debut with the West Riding Theatre in Halifax, Yorkshire as Capt. Frederic de Foenix in Trelawny of the Wells. After two years serving his apprenticeship in various regional theatres, he emigrated to the U.S., where he became a naturalized citizen in 1953. He married actress Roni Dengel on October 3, 1971.
Theater, film, and television
Rolf has been active in American theatre for over six decades. On Broadway he was featured as the Inquisitor to Uta Hagen's Saint Joan and in Time Remembered with Helen Hayes and Richard Burton and as Capt. Arago in The Strong Are Lonely. He appeared as Dr. Edward Teller in The Matter of J. Robert Oppenheimer at Lincoln Center and originated the starring role of Gabriele d'Annunzio in the New York hit production of Tamara. In addition to his extensive film credits (Witness with Harrison Ford, Street Smart with Morgan Freeman plus five Woody Allen films), Rolf has been a regular on many TV shows from Law & Order to All My Children. He has directed many plays Off-Broadway – including Hogan's Goat, starring Faye Dunaway and Ralph Waite as well as Steve Tesich's Lake of the Woods with Hal Holbrook and Armand Assante. He has also directed Aida, Fidelio. Die Walküre, On The Town, The Great Waltz and numerous plays in regional theatres. He has been a guest director for the Juilliard Drama Department in New York, for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and the Stella Adler Conservatory of Acting. For nine years he served on the board of the Society of Stage Directors and Choreographers. He is listed in Who's Who in the American Theatre.
Translations
He has translated numerous plays including Henrik Ibsen's Little Eyolf, Max Frisch's Don Juan or the Love of Geometry, Friedrich Schiller's Love and Intrigue (published by Barron's) and Gutzkow's Uriel Acosta. His translation of Berlin – Shanghai – New York. My Family's Flight from Hitler by Dr. Theodor Friedrichs, was published by Cold Tree Press.
Filmography
References
1926 births
American male film actors
American translators
American male stage actors
Living people
Emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Male actors from Berlin
St. Joseph's School, Kendrapara, is a private Catholic primary and secondary school, located in Kendrapara, Odisha, India. Established in 1996, the school is run by the Jesuits working under the Loyola Educational Society and established by the Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar. It is the only Indian Certificate of Secondary Education English-medium school in Kendrapara. It is a coeducational, minority school.
Academics
Although English is the medium of instruction, Oriya and Hindi have a vital role in the curriculum. It aims at imparting a holistic education, training men and women for and with others. It is situated in a large, three-storey building and has sports facilities.
Activities
Activities include Scouts and Guides, Arts Club, Literary Club, Science Club, News Bulletin, School Choir, Oriya Club, Computer Club, Social Service Club, Eco Club and National Cadet Corps. There is also an active Alumni Club.
See also
Catholic Church in India
Christianity in Odisha
List of schools in Odisha
List of Jesuit schools
References
External links
, the school's official website
Jesuit secondary schools in India
Co-educational schools in India
Jesuit primary schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Odisha
Christian schools in Odisha
Kendrapara district
Educational institutions established in 1996
1996 establishments in Orissa
Kevin Roberts (born 25 July 1972) is an Australian cricketer. He played 23 first-class and 18 List A match for New South Wales between 1994/95 and 1997/98. In October 2018, he was named as the CEO of Cricket Australia, replacing James Sutherland.
In June 2020, he resigned from his position of CEO, after immense media scrutiny following his response to the COVID-19 pandemic. His decision to lay off 80 per cent of CA staff from 27 April 2020, was considered a key reason for his dismissal. However former Australian cricketer Allan Border defended him by saying "Roberts is not alone responsible for the board's financial crisis".
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Australian sports executives and administrators
Richard Lawrence Ashton (born 26 September 1963) is an English former cricketer. Ashton is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Pack made his debut in County Cricket for Lincolnshire by playing a single Minor Counties Championship match for them against Durham in 1988.
In 1991, he joined Bedfordshire, where during that season he played 3 Minor Counties Championship matches against Northumberland, Cumberland and Suffolk. In his only season with the county, he also played a single List A match against Worcestershire in the 1991 NatWest Trophy.
Eight years later he represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board, playing 2 List A match for the Board against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy and Northumberland in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. In his career total of 3 List A match, he scored 8 runs at a batting average of 4.00, with a high score of 5*. In the field he took 2 catches, while with the ball he took a single wicket at a bowling average of 98.00, with best figures of 1/30.
He currently plays club cricket for Northampton Saints Cricket Club in the Northamptonshire Cricket League.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Bedfordshire cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
The 2019 Bulgarian Supercup was the 16th Bulgarian Supercup, an annual Bulgarian football match played between the winners of the previous season's First Professional Football League and Bulgarian Cup. The game was played between the champions of the 2018–19 First League, Ludogorets Razgrad, and the 2019 Bulgarian Cup winners, Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
This was Ludogorets's seventh Bulgarian Supercup appearance and Lokomotiv Plovdiv's third. The two teams played each other in the 2012 Bulgarian Supercup, with Ludogorets winning 3−1.
Ludogorets won the Supercup for a 4th time after a 2–0 win over Lokomotiv Plovdiv. The goals were scored by Mavis Tchibota and Jody Lukoki.
Match overview
Match details
Post-match reactions
References
2019
Supercup
Bulgaria
PFC Ludogorets Razgrad matches
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv matches
Bulgarian Supercup
James Lumsdaine Bryden (1833 – 18 November 1880) was a Scottish medical officer who worked in India as a surgeon-major. He was among the first to study the epidemiology of cholera in India and claimed that outbreaks could be predicted on the basis of various factors, most significantly the weather.
Bryden was born in Edinburgh and went to Edinburgh high school before going to the University of Edinburgh from which he received an MD in 1855. He received a gold medal for a thesis on sugar in the liver, as glycogen had then been discovered by Claude Bernard. He joined the East India Company Service as an assistant surgeon and reached Calcutta in December 1856. He escaped the 1857 rebellion from Mundlaisir and returned to Calcutta. He was posted in Lucknow and later in northern Bengal. He then became a statistical officer under the sanitary commissioner J.M. Cuningham working on cholera epidemiology. He believed that cholera was spread by an airborne agent and became an epidemic under specific conditions which he believed he could predict based on the weather. After 1870, the cholera germ theory became more dominant and led to his airborne theory being entirely dismissed later.
Bryden published Vital Statistics of the Bengal Presidency (1866–79), Epidemic Cholera in Bengal (1869), The Cholera History of 1875 and 1876 (1878) and numerous government reports.
He suffered from liver trouble and returned to England in September 1880 and died shortly after from kidney failure at Upper Norwood. He was married to Grace Edith, the daughter of Dr Brougham, Physician-General for Bengal Presidency, had two children. He was buried in Norwood cemetery.
References
External links
Reports bringing up the statistical history of the European Army in India and of the Native Army and jail population of Bengal to 1876 : and the cholera history of 1875 and 1876, in continuation of reports embracing the period from 1817 to 1872 (1878)
British epidemiologists
1833 births
1880 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Terrence Anthony "Terry" White (born 3 September 1936) is an Australian pharmacist, businessman, and former politician. White achieved notoriety when, as Queensland state leader of the Liberal Party he terminated the longstanding coalition agreement between the Liberal Party and the National Party of Joh Bjelke-Petersen. In the ensuing election, the Liberals were badly defeated, and White was replaced as party leader. After leaving politics, he established a nationwide chain of pharmacies using a franchise model and became a widely respected businessman.
In 2012, White was a recipient of the Queensland Greats Awards.
Early life
White was born in 1936, and received his initial education at the Sisters of Mercy convent in Sandgate, and St. Columban's at Albion. White showed ambition from a young age, attempting to enroll himself at Nudgee College without telling his parents so that he could receive a good education. White's working-class family were unable at first to pay the fees demanded by the school, but eventually, White's mechanic father Bill came to an arrangement with the school to waive Terry's fees in exchange for maintaining the college vehicles for free and for providing buses to transport the students to nearby suburbs for sporting events, when required.
After high school, White decided on the recommendation of a friend to study pharmacy. White endured 73 interviews with master pharmacists to find a position as an apprentice, before finally receiving a position at a pharmacy in Scarborough. After graduating as a pharmacist in his own right, White purchased a pharmacy at Woody Point in 1958. He later headed overseas and first experienced politics when he worked on the presidential campaign of John F. Kennedy. Upon his return to Australia, he joined the Queensland branch of the Liberal Party of Australia.
Political career
Early career
White was first elected to parliament on 1 September 1979, at a by-election for the seat of Redcliffe following the retirement of incumbent National Party member Jim Houghton.
A small-l liberal, White was not at home with the conservative bent of the National-led government of Joh Bjelke-Petersen, even though he was technically a government backbencher. He advocated seeking senior status for the Liberals in the coalition with the National Party in order to ensure what he described as "responsible democratic government". In Queensland, the Nationals were traditionally the dominant partner in the non-Labor coalition, a reverse of the situation in the rest of Australia. White fell in with a group of MPs known as the "ginger group". This group disagreed with Bjelke-Petersen and Liberal leader Llew Edwards on a number of issues, including the system of electoral malapportionment in use within Queensland at the time, reducing the power of the National Party in the cabinet, and removing the controversial street march laws in place at the time. Despite many of these views being in opposition to Edwards' views and government policy, White was appointed as the minister for Welfare Services in December 1980, just fifteen months after entering parliament.
Minister
Despite his appointment to cabinet, White continued to have frequent differences of opinion with Edwards. Matters came to a head on 4 August 1983, when Liberal MLA Ian Prentice moved a motion to bring forward debate on the establishment of a public accounts committee to monitor government spending. While this had been approved by a resolution at a Liberal party convention, it was bitterly opposed by Bjelke-Petersen and Edwards was not keen to have it debated, for fear of destabilising the coalition. A division was called, and White and the rest of the "ginger group" crossed the floor to vote with the Labor opposition in favour of the motion. White argued that the principle of cabinet solidarity, which would normally compel him to vote against the motion, did not apply in this case because there was no official government policy on the matter.
This explanation did not sit well with Edwards, who promptly sacked White as Welfare Minister, with Bjelke-Petersen's vocal and public support. In response, White called a spill motion in the partyroom to declare the party leadership open. Edwards was unable to defeat this motion and declined to renominate for the party leadership. White was elected his successor.
Leader of the Liberal Party
Immediately after the spill, White and his new deputy, fellow "ginger group" member Angus Innes, made their way to Bjelke-Petersen's office in the Executive Building to inform him of the new leadership arrangements within the Liberal Party, as well as the need to revise the coalition agreement. Bjelke-Petersen kept the pair waiting outside his office for an hour, in full view of the media, while working on a way to bypass White and the Liberal Party altogether. Bjelke-Petersen had previously stated that he would not work with Innes, and when he finally admitted White and Innes to his office, he informed them that he would not be appointing White as the deputy premier, as was customary under the existing coalition arrangement.
In response, White pulled the Liberals out of the Coalition, leaving Bjelke-Petersen seven seats short of a majority. He tore up a copy of the press release issued by Bjelke-Petersen explaining his actions, a move that was interpreted by the media at the time as White symbolically tearing up long-standing coalition agreement. White then led the Liberal MLAs to the crossbench. However, he never actually had the opportunity to lead the Liberals on the floor of the legislature, because Bjelke-Petersen had some days earlier convinced the governor to indefinitely adjourn Parliament. Bjelke-Petersen was, therefore, able to govern for the nine weeks until the 1983 election, free from parliamentary scrutiny and the threat of a no-confidence motion.
At the election, Bjelke-Petersen targeted his campaign mainly at right-leaning Liberal voters. He suggested that under White, the Liberals might throw their support behind Labor. The Nationals scored a resounding victory, winning 41 seats in the 82-member parliament, one short of a majority. The Liberals lost 14 seats, leaving them with only eight MLAs. Of the 18 seats that were contested by both a National and a Liberal, the Nationals out-polled the Liberals in 15, and of the "ginger group", only White and Innes retained their seats. They faced the prospect of further blows when Bjelke-Petersen openly invited Liberal MLAs to defect to the Nationals. Two Liberals, Don Lane and Brian Austin, took up his offer, giving the Nationals an outright majority and leaving only six remaining Liberals. At the time, White remarked that "The scent of ministerial leather is a powerful aphrodisiac." That spelled the end of White's leadership, and William Knox was elected to lead the remnants of the party on 3 November. White's term as leader of the Liberal Party had lasted less than three months.
White remained in parliament as a Liberal backbencher. He remained a popular MP – for instance, at the 1986 election he swept every booth in his seat. He managed to stay out of the limelight until the Fitzgerald Inquiry. During 1988, he was subjected to numerous depositions about discussions that took place during his time in the cabinet. While he was ultimately cleared of wrongdoing, the numerous lawyers and accountants he had to employ ate into his parliamentary salary and nearly brought down his pharmacy business. At the 1989 state election, White was defeated in the massive Labor wave that swept through Queensland.
Business career
After leaving parliament, White concentrated once more on his business career, encouraged by his wife Rhonda. He sold his first franchise in 1994, and by 2010 there were over 150 "Terry White Chemists" outlets across the country, the majority of which are owned and operated by franchisees. White has also served as President of the Pharmacy Guild, and was involved in the founding of the Australian Institute of Pharmacy Management.
In 2012, Terry White was appointed Board Chairman of Metro South Hospital and Health Service (HHS), a government statutory body responsible for the management of five public hospitals, as well as a range of other healthcare facilities across the southside of Brisbane.
Terry White was inducted into the Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame in 2011, for his significant contribution to the advancement of the pharmacy profession (Terry White Chemists) and to his community.
References
External links
Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame
Living people
1936 births
Australian pharmacists
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Queensland
Queensland Greats
Triphenylmethyl chloride or trityl chloride (TrCl) is a white solid with the chemical formula C19H15Cl. It is an alkyl halide, sometimes used to introduce the trityl protecting group.
Preparation
Triphenylmethyl chloride is commercially available. It may be prepared by the reaction of triphenylmethanol with acetyl chloride, or by the Friedel–Crafts alkylation of benzene with carbon tetrachloride to give the trityl chloride-aluminium chloride adduct, which is then hydrolyzed.
Reactions
Triphenylmethylsodium can be prepared from trityl chloride dissolved in an aprotic solvent and sodium:
(C6H5)3CCl + 2 Na → (C6H5)3CNa + NaCl
Reaction with silver hexafluorophosphate gives triphenylmethyl hexafluorophosphate.
Trityl chloride reacts with zinc in nonpolar solvents (e.g. benzene) to form Gomberg's dimer.
2 (C6H5)3CCl + Zn → ((C6H5)3C)2 + ZnCl2
See also
Triphenylmethyl radical
Triphenylmethane
Triphenylmethyl hexafluorophosphate
Triphenylmethanol
Gomberg's dimer
References
Alkylating agents
Organochlorides
Phenyl compounds
Gaunshahar () is a town and marketplace at Besishahar Municipality in Lamjung District in Gandaki Province of northern-central Nepal. The Besishahar Municipality was formed by merging the existing Village Development Committees i.e. Besishahar, Gaunshahar, Udipur & Chandisthan on May 15, 2014. The temple of Lamjung Kalika & Lamjung Durbar are located here. This place is in the way of Annapurna Conservation Area. The Dumre-Besishahar-Chame highway also goes from this place. Here are different casts and religions.
Population
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 6,611 (3,752 Female & 2,859 Male) people living in 1,757 individual Households.
Media
Gaunshahar has one FM Radio station Radio Lamjung 88.4 MHz. Radio Chautari 91.4 MHz. This is a Community Radio station. Kaule Pani Home stay is also promoting the local culture in Gaunshahar.
See also
Besishahar Municipality
Udipur
Chandisthan
Lamjung District
References
Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Handball Association of Thailand () (HAT) is the administrative and controlling body for handball and beach handball in Thailand. HAT is a member of the Asian Handball Federation (AHF) and member of the International Handball Federation (IHF) since 1998.
National teams
Thailand men's national handball team
Thailand men's national junior handball team
Thailand women's national handball team
Thailand national beach handball team
Thailand women's national beach handball team
Competitions hosted
2020 Asian Youth Beach Handball Championship
2017 Asian Beach Handball Championship
2014 Asian Beach Games
2013 Asian Women's Youth Handball Championship
2016 Asian Youth Beach Handball Championship
2009 Asian Women's Junior Handball Championship
2008 Asian Women's Handball Championship
2006 Asian Men's Handball Championship
2005 Asian Women's Youth Handball Championship
2005 Asian Men's Youth Handball Championship
2004 Asian Women's Junior Handball Championship
2002 Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship
1998 Asian Games
References
External links
Thailand at the IHF website.
Thailand at the AHF website.
Sports organizations established in 1997
1997 establishments in Thailand
Handball governing bodies
Handball in Thailand
Sports governing bodies in Thailand
Asian Handball Federation
National members of the International Handball Federation
Pandemis niphostigma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
General Larson may refer to:
August Larson (1904–1981), U.S. Marine Corps major general
Doyle E. Larson (1930–2007), U.S. Air Force major general
Duane S. Larson (1916–2005), North Dakota Air National Guard brigadier general
Jess Larson (1904–1987), U.S. Air Force Reserve major general
John David Larson (fl. 1960s–1990s), U.S. National Guard brigadier general
Westside T. Larson (1892–1977), U.S. Air Force major general
See also
General Larsen (disambiguation)
Paul Landres (1912–2001) was an American film and television editor and director. He directed episodes of The Lone Ranger, Maverick and Flipper, among many other TV series.
He directed the vampire film The Return of Dracula (1958) based on Pat Fiedler's script and starring Ray Stricklyn, Virginia Vincent, John Wengraf, Gage Clarke, Jimmy Baird and Greta Granstedt. He met actor Arthur Franz and actress Kathleen Crowley and both appeared in The Flame Barrier (1958).
He directed western films such as Son of a Gunfighter (1965) with Russ Tamblyn in the title role, and Oregon Passage (1957) starring John Ericson, Lola Albright, Toni Gerry, Edward Platt, and H.M. Wynant; and western television series such as The Lone Ranger, The Cisco Kid, The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, Bonanza, and Maverick.
Filmography
His feature films include:
Prescription for Romance (1937)
The Road to Reno (1938)
Destiny (1944)
Senorita from the West (1945)
The Daltons Ride Again (1945)
Navy Bound (1951)
Army Bound (1952)
Last of the Badmen (1957)
The Vampire (1957)
Oregon Passage (1957)
The Return of Dracula (1958)
The Flame Barrier (1958)
Johnny Rocco (1958)
Lone Texan (1959)
Go, Johnny Go! (1959)
The Miracle of the Hills'' (1959)
References
External links
2001 deaths
1912 births
American film directors
American television directors
American film editors
American television editors
Place of birth missing
Racova is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gura Văii, Hălmăcioaia, Ilieși and Racova.
References
External links
Official site
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Felicia 2 is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,230.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Felicia 2 and Felicia 1 barrios was 1,130.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico
Mark Tomforde is an American mathematician and Professor of Mathematics
at University of Colorado Colorado Springs. He works in the areas of functional analysis and algebra, and he earned his Ph.D. in mathematics at Dartmouth College in 2002. Tomforde's research interests are in operator algebras and C*-algebras, and he has made contributions to the study of graph C*-algebras and Leavitt path algebras. He was an invited speaker at the 2015 Abel Symposium, and he is a founding member of the Algebras and Rings in Colorado Springs (ARCS) center. He has also received several awards for his teaching and outreach efforts.
Contributions to Graph C*-algebras and Leavitt Path Algebras
Tomforde has made fundamental contributions to the related areas of graph C*-algebras and Leavitt path algebras. With Doug Drinen, he is co-creator of the Drinen-Tomforde desingularization, often simply called desingularization. Desingularization allows one to extend many results for row-finite graphs to countable graphs, and it has become a standard tool in the study of graph C*-algebras and Leavitt path algebras.
With Gene Abrams, Tomforde has formulated the Abrams-Tomforde conjectures, which state that the Leavitt path algebras of two graphs are Morita equivalent as rings (respectively, isomorphic as rings) if and only if the C*-algebras of the two graphs are Morita equivalent as C*-algebras (respectively, isomorphic as C*-algebras). Abrams and Tomforde have verified certain special cases of the conjectures, and in 2020 Søren Eilers, Gunnar Restorff, Efren Ruiz, and Adam P.W. Sørensen completed a classification of unital graph C*-algebras that allowed them to verify the Abrams-Tomforde conjectures for graphs with a finite number of vertices.
Tomforde is also the creator of ultragraph C*-algebras, which are C*-algebras constructed from a generalization of a directed graph, known as an ultragraph. The ultragraph C*-algebras simultaneously generalize the classes of graph C*-algebras and Exel-Laca algebras, and allow one to apply graph techniques to the study of Exel-Laca algebras.
In his research, Tomforde has connected ideas from Functional Analysis and Algebra, and he has used techniques and methods from each subject to contribute to the study of the other. Tomforde has also been active in organizing several conferences on graph C*-algebras and their generalizations, with the goal of
bringing together analysts and algebraists to share ideas and collaborate.
Teaching and Outreach
Tomforde's teaching and outreach activities have been recognized in several ways. He created and directed the Cougars and Houston Area Mathematics Program (CHAMP), which ran from Fall 2013 to Spring 2019 and used volunteer effort to provide tutoring and math circle activities to underserved high school and middle school students in Houston. In 2016 CHAMP received an award from Phi Beta Kappa for being an organization that serves as a national model for building creative exchanges with diverse audiences in the arts, humanities, social sciences, natural sciences or mathematics. In 2016 CHAMP also received the Award for Mathematics Programs that Make a Difference from the American Mathematical Society. In 2017, Tomforde was appointed to the STEM Advisory Board for KIPP, to provide guidance and recommendations regarding STEM education in KIPP's Houston schools.
In addition to numerous college and university teaching awards, in 2019 Tomforde was recognized with the MAA Texas Section's Distinguished College and University Teaching of Mathematics Award. In 2020 he was the recipient of the Deborah and Franklin Haimo Award for Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics, the highest teaching honor bestowed by the Mathematical Association of America, for his "deep and positive impact at all levels of mathematics education".
Honors and Awards
Deborah and Franklin Tepper Haimo Award for Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics, 2020
Distinguished College and University Teaching of Mathematics Award, Texas Section of the MAA, 2019
AMS Award for Programs that Make a Difference, 2018
Phi Beta Kappa Award for Engaging Broader Audiences, 2018
University Teaching Excellence Award, University of Houston, 2016
John C. Butler Excellence in Teaching Award, College of Natural Science and Mathematics at the University of Houston, 2015
References
External links
Home page
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dartmouth College alumni
Gustavus Adolphus College alumni
A free kick in rugby union is usually awarded to a team for a technical offence committed by the opposing side. Free kicks are awarded for technical offences such as playing too many players in a line-out or time wasting at a scrum. A free kick is also awarded for making a mark.
Once awarded a free kick the team must decide how they wish to play it.
The team may opt to play a place kick, where the ball is placed on the ground by the kicker at a point designated by the referee then the player may take a run up to the ball and kick it downfield but not into touch (law 21.4 (e)). This is very rarely chosen.
They may opt for a drop kick, where the ball starts in the player's hands and is dropped onto the ground whereupon it is kicked downfield on its upward bounce by the player.
They may opt for a punt, where the ball starts in the player's hands and is dropped and kicked without bouncing.
They may opt to play a tap kick. A tap kick is played when the team feel they would benefit more from keeping possession of the ball rather than kicking it downfield. To play a tap kick, the player either places the ball on the ground and kicks it a small distance, or punts it back into his own hands. The ball must travel a visible distance.
They may opt to take it as a scrum.
A team awarded a free kick at a lineout may choose a further lineout into which they throw in.
The team in possession cannot directly score a goal from the free kick itself, nor score a dropped goal until the ball has become dead or an opponent has touched the ball or tackled a ball carrier. This also applies if the team in possession opts for a scrum. Unlike a penalty kick, if the ball goes into touch from a free kick then the kicking team enjoys no special privileges; the line-out is taken by the opposing team rather than the kicking team, and a direct kick to touch from outside the 22-metre area results in this line-out being formed opposite where the ball was kicked, not where it crossed the touch-line.
Furthermore, the defending team can attempt to charge the kick as long as they have first retreated 10m. If they prevent the kick from being taken this way, they win a scrum.
See also
Drop kick
Penalty
Scrum
References
Rugby league terminology
Rugby union terminology
Hari Hari Churiyaan is a Pakistani drama serial written by Jahanzeb Qamar and directed by Waada fame director Syed Atif Hussain. It stars Aiman Khan, Hassan Ahmed and Wahaj Ali in lead. The drama was first aired 1 August 2017 on Geo Entertainment, where it aired every Tuesday at 8:00 P.M.
Plot
Cousins Aiman and Ali have found comfort in staying as silent lovers. The sweet love birds have never been expressive but they have never been worried either. Aiman is very fond of bangles, especially green colors one, and Ali always brings those bangles for her. However, he also realizes the need of a stable career as he does not come with a strong financial background.
When Ali's parents send a marriage proposal for Aiman, her grandmother intervenes and orders that Aiman should rather be married off to her other cousin, Waqar. Someone who lives with his wealthy family in Canada and whose father sends money to Aiman's grandmother on a monthly basis.
The fact that their relationship was built on doubts rather than trusts,
Aiman puts her feelings aside with a heavy heart and ties the knot with Waqar. The man she marries looks sensible from his appearance but has happens to have his own toxic traits. Somehow fate brings Ali back in Aiman's life and Waqar starts doubting her integrity and tortures her physically.
Cast
Aiman Khan as Aiman
Wahaj Ali as Ali
Hassan Ahmed as Waqar
Sajid Hassan as Fasahat
Mehmood Aslam as Shujat (Aiman's father)
Shagufta Ejaz as Surraya (Aiman's mother)
Natasha Ali as Zunaira
Mariya Khan as Nausheen
Javeria Abbasi as Sheeza
Hina Rizvi as Guddi
Qaiser Naqvi as Guddi's mother
Hardy Firdousi as Gul Khan
Rabia Tabbassum as Bilqees
Nazli Nasr as Saleema
Faria Sheikh as Maheen
Asad Siddiqui as Kashan
Naushaba Bashir as Najma
Fauzia Mushtaq as Shehnaz (Ali's grandmother)
Ali Deswali as Faraz
Ali Butt as Zai
Sharmeen Tayyab as Guddi Baji
Khalid Butt as Hashim
Sabahat Ali Bukhari as Salma
References
2017 establishments in Pakistan
Pakistani television series
Princess Marie of Liechtenstein may refer to:
Marie Fox, Princess Marie Henriette Adelaide of Liechtenstein (1851-1878), wife of Prince Louis of Liechtenstein
Countess Marie Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (1940-2021), wife of Prince Hans Adam II of Liechtenstein
Princess Marie of Liechtenstein (b. 1959), wife of Prince Gundakar of Liechtenstein
Princess Marie Gabriele Franciska Kálnoky de Köröspatak of Liechtenstein (born 1975), wife of Prince Constantin of Liechtenstein
The 1955 NCAA Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1955 NCAA baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball. The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series, a double-elimination tournament in its ninth year. Eight regional districts sent representatives to the College World Series with preliminary rounds within each district serving to determine each representative. These events would later become known as regionals. Each district had its own format for selecting teams, resulting in 25 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season, and in some cases, after a conference tournament. The College World Series was held in Omaha, NE from June 10 to June 16. The ninth tournament's champion was Wake Forest, coached by Taylor Sanford. The Most Outstanding Player was Tom Borland of Oklahoma A&M.
Tournament
District 1
Games played at Springfield, Massachusetts.
District 2
Games played in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
District 3
District 3 consisted of two separate 3 game series. The first series was played between Wake Forest and Rollins, with the winner moving on to play West Virginia in a three-game series. The winner of that series moved on to the College World Series.
Games played at Morgantown, West Virginia.
District 4
District 4 consisted of two separate 3 game series. The first series was played between Alma and Western Michigan, with the winner moving on to play Ohio State in a three-game series. The winner of that series moved on to the College World Series.
Games played at Kalamazoo, Michigan.
District 5
Games played in Norman, Oklahoma.
District 6
Games played at Tucson, Arizona.
District 7
Games played at Greeley, Colorado.
District 8
District 8 consisted of two tiers of play. The first tier was a four-team double-elimination tournament with the winner moving on to play Southern California in a three-game series. The winner of that series moved onto the College World Series.
Games played at Fresno, California.
Games played at Los Angeles, California.
College World Series
Participants
Bracket and Results
Game results
Tournament Notes
In 1996, coach Rod Dedeaux of USC was named to the College World Series All-Time Team (1947–95) by the Oklahoma World-Herald as part of the 50th CWS celebration.
In 1996, Tom Borland of Oklahoma A&M, now known as Oklahoma State, was named to the 1940s-50s All-Decade Team by a panel of 60 voters representing CWS head coaches, media, and chairs of the Division I Baseball Committee.
Freed Messner of Western Michigan hit the only pinch-hit grand slam home run in CWS history in the top of the 8th of Game 13 in a 10-7 loss to Wake Forest. It was also Messner's only hit of the CWS (1-12).
Two-hitters were pitched by: Lawrence Bossidy of Colgate in a 1-0 loss to Wake Forest; Carl Thomas of Arizona in a 6-0 defeat of Springfield; Ken Kinnamon and Don Anderson of Oklahoma A&M in a 5-4 loss to Western Michigan; and Sam Frankel and Lawrence Bossidy of Colgate in a 4-2 loss to Oklahoma A&M.
Wake Forest's championship was the last time that a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference won the CWS until the University of Virginia in 2015.
21,843 fans watched the CWS (10 sessions).
The championship game was umpired by Walter Doyle, Walter Harbour, George Hametz, and John Hergert.
The following records were set or tied:
Most Stolen Bases, Team, CWS - 17, Oklahoma A&M, 5 games
Most Shutouts, All Teams, CWS - 6, Arizona (2), Wake Forest (3), Western Michigan, tied
Most Doubles, Individual, Single Game - 3, Jack Bryant, 2B, Wake Forest, tied (6 others)
Most Sacrifice Bunts, Individual, Single Game - 3, Leland Davis, SS, Western Michigan, tied
Most Stolen Bases, Team, Single Game - 7, Wake Forest, tied (4 others)
Fewest Assists, Team, Single Game - 3, Oklahoma A&M, tied (6 others)
Most Errors, Team, Single Game - 9, Northern Colorado, tied
Most Shutouts, Team, CWS - 3, Wake Forest, 6 games
Notes
References
Tournament
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
NCAA Baseball Tournament
1955 in Los Angeles
20th century in Springfield, Massachusetts
History of Fresno, California
History of Tucson, Arizona
History of Allentown, Pennsylvania
History of Omaha, Nebraska
Baseball in Arizona
Baseball in California
Baseball in Colorado
Baseball in Los Angeles
Baseball in Massachusetts
Baseball in Michigan
Baseball in Nebraska
Baseball in Oklahoma
Baseball in Pennsylvania
Baseball in West Virginia
Sports competitions in Arizona
Sports competitions in California
Sports competitions in Colorado
Sports competitions in Los Angeles
Sports competitions in Massachusetts
Sports competitions in Michigan
Sports competitions in Nebraska
Sports competitions in Oklahoma
Sports competitions in Pennsylvania
Sports competitions in West Virginia
Sports in Allentown, Pennsylvania
Sports in Fresno, California
Sports in Springfield, Massachusetts
Sports in Omaha, Nebraska
Sports in Morgantown, West Virginia
Sports in Kalamazoo, Michigan
Sports in Tucson, Arizona
Greeley, Colorado
Norman, Oklahoma
The girls' rhythmic group all-around at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held on August 26–27 at the Nanjing Olympic Sports Centre.
Each group consists of five gymnasts who all perform in each routine. There are two rounds, one preliminary and one final, with each round consisting of two routines. In the preliminary, each group completes one routine using 5 hoops and one routine using 10 clubs. The four groups with the highest combined scores in the two routines advance to the final. There, they perform the two routines again. Scores from the preliminary will not be carried over, and the group starts back their routines with maximum of D10/E10 in base value.
Medalists
Qualification
Final
References
Nanjing 2014 Group Qualification
Nanjing 2014 Group Final
Gymnastics at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Johann Christoph Droysen (1773, Treptow an der Tollense (modern-day Altentreptow) – 1816, Treptow an der Rega (modern-day Trzebiatów, Poland)) was a German field and garrison preacher. He was the father of the 19th-century historian Johann Gustav Droysen.
Life
Johann Christoph Droysen was born in 1773 in Treptow an der Tollense, the youngest son of shoemaker Christoph Droysen. Despite the poor condition of his father, he studied theology from 1792 to 1794 at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, was a tutor and soon after field preacher in a Cuirassier Regiment in Treptow an der Rega (modern-day Trzebiatów). In 1804, he married Friederike Kasten, the daughter of a Treptower ironworker.
After the defeat of Prussia in the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt in 1806, he had to leave the family and went with his regiment to Kołobrzeg. From there, he took part in several military raids and made friends with Joachim Nettelbeck and Karl Wilhelm Ernst von Waldenfels, who died mortally wounded in his arms after storming the Wolfsbergschanze.
After the Treaties of Tilsit were signed in 1807, Droysen served in the headquarters of Blücher and came back as a garrison preacher to Treptow an der Rega. He also had to give private lessons to support his family. At this time, he had hemoptysis. In 1812, he was able to take over the diaconate in Greifenhagen. In 1814, Droysen returned to Treptow an der Rega as Superintendent and First Pastor, but died just two years later.
Notes
References
Lemke, Karl. "Gustav Droysen und seine Beziehungen zu Treptow". In: Unser Pommerland, Heft 5/6 1928, pp. 229–231.
1773 births
1816 deaths
People from Altentreptow
People from the Province of Pomerania
19th-century German Lutheran clergy
The Al Waddan Hotel opened in 1936 as the Italian Uaddan Hotel & Casino.
History
It is a historic hotel in Tripoli, Libya, located overlooking the bay, just east of Grand Hotel Tripoli. Historically it was the grandest hotel in Tripoli and was referenced by an American journalist as being "the Waldorf Astoria of Tripoli" and wasnamed "a jewel of modern African architecture". It was built in 1935 at the same time as the Hotel Al Mehari.
It was designed by Italian architect Florestano Di Fausto, with the collaboration of Stefano Gatti-Casazza. It contained a casino and a 500-seat theatre.
It was completely restored at a cost of $16 million from 2007 to 2009 as an international luxury hotel and was managed for a number of years by InterContinental Hotels Group.
See also
Grand Hotel Tripoli
Hotel Al Mehari
References
External links
the "Grand Hotel" in Italian Tripoli
Hotels in Tripoli
Hotel buildings completed in 1935
Hotels established in 1935
1935 establishments in Libya
Casino hotels
Tylldalen Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Tynset Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. It is located in the village of Tylldalen. It is the church for the Tylldalen parish which is part of the Nord-Østerdal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Hamar. The white, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1736 using plans drawn up by the architect Karl Brandvold. The church seats about 240 people.
History
The first church in Tylldalen was a wooden church, possibly a stave church, that was built during the 12th century. This church was located about northeast of the present church site. It was fairly quickly replaced by a new and larger church on the same site, perhaps in the first half of the 1200s. Around the year 1381, the church was torn down and replaced with a new building. In 1598, the old church was torn down and replaced with a new timber-framed building.
In 1660, the church burned down and a new church was built soon after, however, the church site was moved about to the southwest, closer to the main road through the valley. This church was built around 1660 and lasted until 1733 when it was torn down and replaced with a new building on the same site. Karl Brandvold and son Arne were hired to design and build the new church. The new building was consecrated on 2 March 1736 by the Bishop of Oslo, Peder Hersleb.
Media gallery
See also
List of churches in Hamar
References
Tynset
Churches in Innlandet
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
18th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1736
12th-century establishments in Norway
The rufous-winged philentoma (Philentoma pyrhoptera) is a bird species. They are now usually assigned to the Vangidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
rufous-winged philentoma
Birds of Malesia
rufous-winged philentoma
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kirbu may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kirbu, Valga County, village in Estonia
Kirbu, Võru County, village in Estonia
The Australian rainbowfish (Melanotaenia fluviatilis), known less commonly as the Murray River rainbowfish, is a species of freshwater fish endemic to southeastern Australia. The southernmost species of all rainbowfishes, these fish are very colourful, hence the name; and there is sexual dimorphism with the males being larger and more colourful than females. Australian rainbowfish are schooling fish and will congregate near logs or riverbanks, and are a popular aquarium fish.
Taxonomy
Melanotaenia fluviatilis was originally described by François de Laporte de Castelnau as Aristeus fluviatilis. M. fluviatilis was formerly considered a synonym of the closely related crimson-spotted rainbowfish (M. duboulayi). Authors recognised M. duboulayi and M. fluviatilis either as a single species or separate subspecies, or even as two subspecies of eastern rainbowfish (M. splendida). Despite the many similarities between M. duboulayi and M. fluviatilis, they were recognised as separate species in 1986 because of genetic, morphometric, and meristic differences.
Description
Australian rainbowfish reach maximum body lengths of , but the males are usually no larger than , while the females usually only grow to . The body is elongated, with a small head and large eyes. Australian rainbowfish have two dorsal fins and a pointed anal fin, and the caudal (tail) fin is forked shallowly. The fins (excluding the caudal fin) are yellow with dark margins and orange or red markings.
As with other rainbowfishes, the Australian rainbowfish are colourful fish. Their sides are silvery-brown, and have a green or silver sheen. A blue stripe extends from the snout to the caudal fin. The other fins are yellow and marked with orange or red. In males, several orange stripes run laterally across the posterior half of the body. Males have red spots on the dorsal, anal and caudal fins, with a blackish margin when breeding. Females are less intensely coloured, lacking some of the brilliance and red stripes along the caudal peduncle.
Behaviour
Australian rainbowfish are omnivorous and feed on both aquatic and terrestrial invertebrates and some filamentous algae. In captivity, their diet comprises all kinds of live foods, as well as flake food. They are peaceful in temperament and tend to school around logs and grassy riverbanks.
Breeding is described as "easy" in this species. When kept in a fish tank, they should be kept in a group of at least six fish. When they get little stress they will try to fin-nip other fish, so for the safe side it is best not to keep them with long-finned fish species.
Distribution and habitat
Australian rainbowfish are native to southeastern Australia in freshwater systems west of the Great Dividing Range, particularly the Murray-Darling basin in New South Wales and southern Queensland. The Campaspe River and Goulburn River in Victoria represent their southern distribution limit.
M. fluviatilis forms schools in slow-flowing rivers, wetlands and billabongs. They are very adaptable and inhabit rivers, creeks, drains, ponds and reservoirs, and occasionally stagnant waterholes. They inhabit water temperature ranges between . As their range is the southernmost of all rainbowfishes, Australian rainbowfish are the only rainbowfish species adapted to survive the relatively low winter temperatures of in the middle and lower Murray River.
References
External links
Fishes of Australia website
Murray River rainbowfish
Melanotaenia fluviatilis
River Murray rainbowfish
Tank Requirements for an Australian Rainbow Fish
Gallery
fluviatilis
Freshwater fish of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Australian rainbowfish
The hip-flick, (sometimes called the hip-snap), is a technique used in kayaking to rotate the boat around its longest axis. It is fundamental to all kayaking techniques that return the boat to upright after a capsized, such as the eskimo roll and eskimo rescue.
References
Kayaking techniques
Serpentines is an album by German jazz saxophonist Ingrid Laubrock, which was recorded in 2016 and released by Intakt Records. It features a septet with an unusual line-up, with Miya Masaoka playing the koto, a traditional Japanese instrument, and individual instrumental parts manipulated electronically by Sam Pluta. Laubrock assembled the band (without guest trumpeter Peter Evans) for the Vision Festival 2015.
Reception
The Down Beat review by Peter Margasak notes, "Laubrock has created a work of remarkable density, both in terms of ideas and physical sound, and it yields greater dividends with each spin."
The All About Jazz review by John Sharpe states, "For this line up Laubrock takes her enigmatic charts for groups such as Anti-house and Ubatuba to another level, as improv jazz meets the classical avant-garde in pieces where mood and texture often trump individual pyrotechnics."
Track listing
All compositions by Ingrid Laubrock.
"Pothole Analytics Pt. 1" – 4:44
"Pothole Analytics Pt. 2" – 5:42
"Chip in Brain" – 12:31
"Squirrels" – 15:15
"Serpentines" – 15:20
Personnel
Ingrid Laubrock – tenor sax, soprano sax, glockenspiel
Peter Evans – piccolo trumpet, trumpet
Miya Masaoka – koto
Craig Taborn – piano
Sam Pluta – electronics
Dan Peck – tuba
Tyshawn Sorey – drums
References
2016 albums
Ingrid Laubrock albums
Intakt Records albums
I Tell a Fly is the second album by English artist and poet Benjamin Clementine. It follows his Mercury Prize-winning debut album, At Least for Now. According to a press release, the album was written and produced by Clementine, recorded at RAK Studios, Abbey Road Studios and Studio 13. It was released on 29 September 2017 in Europe and 2 October in the United States.
Critical reception
I Tell a Fly was well-received by contemporary music critics upon its initial release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from music critics, the album received a universal acclaim score of 81 based on 12 reviews.
In the review for AllMusic, Timothy Monger described the album as being "Meticulously packed with lead and backing vocals in a variety of timbres, songs like the warbling harpsichord-ornamented "Better Sorry Than a Safe" and the sprawling and kooky refugee crisis commentary "Phantom of Aleppoville" show an intense artist operating at a full sprint down the crooked ginnels of his imagination." Andy Gill, writing a review for The Independent regarded the music as classical and avant-garde with operatic delivery, pointing out that, I Tell A Fly won't be to everyone's taste--which in this era of increasing conformity may be its most valuable asset. Writing for The Skinny, Aiden Ryan noted that Clementine sounded wholly original. On I Tell a Fly, he offers stunning, stirring proof that his originality extends beyond his voice to his phrasing on every instrument he touches – piano, but also here, showcased to great effect, harpsichord and clavichord – as well as to arrangements and production. All of which conspires to pummel and purge every tired expectation that repetitive rap, rock, dance, pop, indie, and alternative music have wrought into us. Appropriately, the album opens with Farewell Sonata. Simon Price from Q Magazine stated Anyone expecting an album of unchallenging fodder is in for a shock. Like the voyage faced by its desperate, stateless subjects, I Tell A Fly is no easy ride.
In a less enthusiastic review for The Guardian, Alexis Petridis said that Clementine clearly has things to say about some important topics, and it's hard not to think they might reach a wider audience if they were a little less obliquely presented. Equally, there's something laudable about an artist using their initial success not as a foundation for steady commercial growth but as leverage to get something like I Tell a Fly released and promoted by a major label.
Track listing
Personnel
Benjamin Clementine – music, production, artwork
Alexis Bossard – drums
Steve Sedgwick – recording engineer and mixer
John Davis – mastering engineer
Max Anstruther – recording engineer
Wes Maebe – recording engineer
Robbie Nelson – recording engineer
Duncan Fuller – assistant recording engineer
Craig Mcdean – photography
Akatre – design
Charts
References
2017 albums
Benjamin Clementine albums
Virgin EMI Records albums
"Lindbergh (The Eagle of the U.S.A.)" was a popular song written by famous Tin Pan Alley songwriters, Howard Johnson and Al Sherman in 1927. It chronicles Charles Lindbergh's famous pioneer solo-flight across the Atlantic Ocean in the Spirit of St. Louis. The song was an overnight hit being released immediately on the heels of Lindbergh's safe landing.
Recordings
Victor Records # 20674, side A, Vernon Dalhart, singer.
Oriole Records (U.S.) # 922, side A, Harry Crane, singer.
Edison Blue Amberol Cylinder # 5362, Vernon Dalhart, singer.
Literary sources
1927 songs
1927 singles
Cultural depictions of Charles Lindbergh
Songs written by Al Sherman
Songs with lyrics by Howard Johnson (lyricist)
Songs about aviators
Songs based on American history
Songs about explorers
In chemistry, a vinyl group or ethenyl group (abbreviated as Vi) is a functional group with the formula H-C=CH2. It is the ethylene (IUPAC ethene) molecule (H2C=CH2) with one fewer hydrogen atom. The name is also used for any compound containing that group, namely R−CH=CH2 where R is any other group of atoms.
An industrially important example is vinyl chloride, precursor to PVC, a plastic commonly known as vinyl.
Vinyl is one of the alkenyl functional groups. On a carbon skeleton, sp2-hybridized carbons or positions are often called vinylic. Allyls, acrylates and styrenics contain vinyl groups. (A styrenic crosslinker with two vinyl groups is called divinyl benzene.)
Vinyl polymers
Vinyl groups can polymerize with the aid of a radical initiator or a catalyst, forming vinyl polymers. Vinyl polymers contain no vinyl groups. Instead they are saturated. The following table gives some examples of vinyl polymers.
Reactivity
Vinyl derivatives are alkenes. If activated by an adjacent group, the increased polarization of the bond gives rise to characteristic reactivity, which is termed vinylogous:
In allyl compounds, where the next carbon is saturated but substituted once, allylic rearrangement and related reactions are observed.
Allyl Grignard reagents (organomagnesiums) can attack with the vinyl end first.
If next to an electron-withdrawing group, conjugate addition (Michael addition) can occur.
Vinyl organometallics, e.g. vinyllithium and vinyl tributyltin, participate in coupling reactions such as in Negishi coupling.
Etymology
The etymology of vinyl is the Latin vinum = "wine", and the Greek word "hylos" 'υλος (matter or material), because of its relationship with ethyl alcohol.
The term "vinyl" was coined by the German chemist Hermann Kolbe in 1851.
See also
Acetylenic
Allylic/Homoallylic
Alpha-olefin
Benzylic
Propargylic/Homopropargylic
Vinylogous
References
Alkenyl groups
Monomers
Functional groups
1886 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Association football
England
Arsenal FC founded as Dial Square FC by munitions workers from the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich in southeast London. Dial Square is the name of one of their workshops. At the end of the year, the players hold a pub meeting and change the club's name to Royal Arsenal. Five years later, the name is changed to Woolwich Arsenal. The club's present name will be adopted in 1914 after the move to Islington.
13 March — Tinsley Lindley scores in the first of his record 9 consecutive England games
10 May — The Football Association approves a proposal made by N. Lane Jackson, an Old Corinthian, that players be given a cap for every international match in which they take part.
FA Cup final – Blackburn Rovers 2–0 West Bromwich Albion at The Oval; replay after 0–0 draw at The Oval. This is Blackburn's third successive victory and the final is the first to feature two extant members of The Football League.
December 11 – Dial Square F.C., later to become Arsenal FC (see above)), play their first match, a 6–0 win over the Eastern Wanderers.
Ireland
March — Linfield F.C. is formed in Belfast.
Scotland
20 March — John Lambie becomes the youngest Scotland player and captain, aged 17 years and 92 days.
May 17— Motherwell Football Club is formed.
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park 3–1 Renton
Switzerland
Grasshopper Club Zürich founded.
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – St Louis AA defeats Chicago NL, 4 games to 2.
Events
The Sporting News established in St. Louis. It becomes the dominant American publication covering baseball, so much so that it acquires the nickname "The Bible of Baseball".
Boxing
Events
The inaugural World Lightweight Champion is Jack McAuliffe, generally recognised following his 21st-round knockout of Billy Frazier at Boston. Lightweights weigh 130 to 135 pounds. McAuliffe will hold the title until he retires undefeated in 1893.
Jack Nonpareil Dempsey retains the World Middleweight Championship when he knocks out George LaBlanche in 13 rounds at Larchmont, NY.
John L. Sullivan knocks out Paddy Ryan in the third round at San Francisco. Sullivan retains the World Heavyweight Championship.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe
Cricket
Events
Somerset does not play against any other first-class counties and drops out of the County Championship until 1891.
Hampshire ceases to be a first-class county after years of difficult circumstances and poor results. They do play matches against Surrey and Sussex in 1886 but these matches are not recognised as first-class. Hampshire will not recover first-class status until the beginning of the 1895 season when they will be readmitted to the County Championship.
England
Champion County – Nottinghamshire (fourth consecutive season)
Most runs – W. G. Grace 1,846 @ 35.50 (HS 170)
Most wickets – George Lohmann 160 @ 15.15 (BB 8–43)
Australia
Most runs – John McIlwraith 315 @ 78.75 (HS 133)
Most wickets – Fred Spofforth 18 @ 15.22 (BB 5–43)
Field hockey
Events
18 January — modern field hockey is born with the formation of the Hockey Association in England, which codifies the sport's rules
Gaelic Athletic Association
Events
Wexford GAA becomes the first of the 32 GAA county boards
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – David Brown
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Horace Hutchinson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Old Joe
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Miss Jummy
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Ormonde
The Derby – Ormonde
The Oaks – Miss Jummy
St. Leger Stakes – Ormonde
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Arsenal
Canada
Queen's Plate – Wild Rose
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Castle Lucas
Irish Derby Stakes – Theodemir
USA
Kentucky Derby – Ben Ali
Preakness Stakes – The Bard
Belmont Stakes – Inspector B
Ice hockey
Events
8 December — world's first championship ice hockey league, the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) is formed at a meeting in Montreal
Rowing
The Boat Race
3 April — Cambridge wins the 43rd Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 4th series is shared by Scotland and England who win two matches each.
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – William Renshaw (GB) defeats Herbert Lawford (GB) 6–0 5–7 6–3 6–4
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Blanche Bingley (GB) defeats Maud Watson (GB) 6–3 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats R. Livingston Beeckman (USA) 4–6 6–1 6–3 6–4
World
The 10th pre-open era Men's Tennis tour gets underway 85 tournaments are staged this year the tour runs from 24 April to 12 November 1886.
Yacht racing
America's Cup
The New York Yacht Club retains the America's Cup as Mayflower defeats British challenger Galatea, of the Royal Northern Yacht Club, 2 races to 0
References
Sports by year
Provincial Road 272 (PR 272) is a provincial road in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from Highway 20 near Camperville to the village of Duck Bay.
272
Topel Lee is a Filipino film director, TV director and music video director known for the cinematography in his movies and his strong female characters.
Filmography as director
Television
2019 Bukas May Kahapon
2018 Spirits: Reawaken
2017-2018 Hanggang Saan
2015-2016 Parang Normal Activity
2014 Elemento
2014 Confessions of a Torpe
2013 Kidlat
2013 Dormitoryo
2013 Undercover
2012 Third Eye
2011-2012 Regal Shocker
2011 Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum
2011 Carlo J. Caparas' Bangis
2011 Mistaken Identity
2009 Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Lahat Sa Akin
2009 Dear Friend
2009 Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang
2008 Obra
2008 Gagambino
2007 My Only Love
2007 Kamandag
2007 La Vendetta
Film
2018 The Hopeful Romantic
2017 Bloody Crayons
2014 Basement
2012 Amorosa (director)
2011 Tumbok
2010 Shake, Rattle & Roll 12 (segment: "Isla")
2010 White House
2009 Wapakman
2009 Sundo
2008 Shake, Rattle & Roll X (segment: "Class Picture")
2007 Shake, Rattle & Roll 9 (segment: "Engkanto")
2007 My Kuya's Wedding
2007 Ouija
2006 Shake, Rattle & Roll 8 (segment: "Yaya")
2006 Imahe Nasyon (segment: "Ang Manunulat")
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Filipino screenwriters
Filipino television directors
GMA Network (company) people
Filipino film directors
Sun Chan (born 1932) is a self-taught artist who is known for his unique Chinese character motifs. Born in Lima, Peru, in 1932 to an overseas Chinese family, he was brought back to Fóshān, Guǎngdōng China to study the Chinese language at the age of five. At this time Chan first became fascinated with Chinese characters. He has always loved calligraphy and painting but was unfortunately deprived of an education after the second grade due to the break out of the Pacific War. He went through considerable hardship in the subsequent years and later moved to Hong Kong, where he worked his way from the ground up and established himself as a successful entrepreneur.
As a great admirer of Chinese characters since childhood, Chan has studied the Chinese writing on his own for years. Decades ago he began making innovative artworks with Chinese characters merely to get his young daughters interested in their roots. What started out of an act of love has grown into his lifelong passion. Despite his lack of formal training in art Chan went on to explore with new visual representations for Chinese characters, and created various series of artwork throughout the years. With clean lines and vibrant colors, he transforms the Chinese script back into its pictorial form but as entirely new graphic emblems.
Chan's early works are mostly small drawings in pen and ink, color pencils, pastels and markers on paper. He constantly educates and refines himself in skills, and has switched to large-scale acrylic paintings in his more recent works. His artistic creations had been exhibited in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and Paris, France. He is to showcase his works in New York, US in 2017, and in Zurich, Switzerland by invitation of Ernst Hohl Cultural Foundation Appenzell in 2018.
Chan's Chinese character artworks have been made into unique wall art and installed at prestigious institutions such as the Innovation Tower of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and the International School Academy of Hong Kong, and are also adopted in large-scale public sculptures as well as fashion/lifestyle products of an international luxury brand.
Chan has long retired from his businesses and currently resides in Gold Coast, Australia, where he continues to produce original Chinese character artworks with a penchant for creativity.
Art exhibitions
2017: Joy to the Words – Visual Playground of Chinese Characters II, The Arts House Singapore
2016: Au Delà Des Mots - La passion des caractères chinois - L'art de Sun Chan (Chén Shēn), China Cultural Centre, Paris, France
2016: More Than Words – Visual Playground of Chinese Characters, The Arts House Singapore
2014: Back to The Picture – a Visual/Verbal Interplay of Chinese Characters, HK Visual Art Center, Hong Kong
2013: Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism\Architecture (Hong Kong) – Beyond the Urban Edge, Kwun Tong Promenade Kowloon East Expo Site, Hong Kong
2013: The Talking Art – Chinese Character as Image, Pier 2 Art District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan
2012: The Talking Art – Chinese Character as Image, Wanchai Visual Archive, Hong Kong
References
Further reading
1932 births
Living people
Australian artists
Hong Kong artists
Peruvian artists
Chinese contemporary artists
People from Lima
The Monteagle Sunday School Assembly (MSSA) is an interdenominational religious organization based in Monteagle, Tennessee. It was chartered by the state of Tennessee on October 31, 1882, with the purpose of
the advancement of science, literary attainment, Sunday School interests, and the promotion of the broadest popular culture in the interest of Christianity without regard to sect or denomination.
The MSSA was one of hundreds of similar Assemblies patterned after the Chautauqua Institution in New York in the late 19th century, of which only nine or ten remain active. In 1982, Monteagle Sunday School Assembly celebrated its 100th year of continuous operation and its grounds were placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district.
The MSSA conducts a variety of spiritual, educational, cultural, and health development activities for all ages during an eight-week season each summer and through retreats and other activities throughout the year. Assembly members represent 23 different states and the District of Columbia. Many belong to fifth-generation families who return each summer to pursue spiritual and intellectual enlightenment, to strengthen family ties, and to engage in Christian fellowship and mission.
History
The MSSA was founded in 1882 by the Sunday School Convention of Tennessee, which sought to establish a "Sunday School Congress" in Tennessee. At the time, a number of states had these congresses, often called Assemblies, all of them modelled after the Chautauqua Institution in New York, which is regarded as the first of these Assemblies. They were meant not only as a place for religious activities, such as retreats, but also as places for higher learning at a time when there were few colleges and institutes available to people. The goal of the Assembly was to "combine Sunday School training with a broader program of educational and cultural pursuits". Monteagle Sunday School Assembly was founded as a Chautauqua for the members to grow spiritually and intellectually .
The MSSA opened for its first summer session on July 17, 1883. Although the Assembly began small with only an amphitheater and dining hall, the summer courses offered on the grounds attracted many students and teachers, as most southern schools didn't offer summer programs. The thousands of yearly visitors soon encouraged the Assembly to begin building projects which led to the creation of many cottages, public meeting halls and boarding rooms. In the 20th century, the MSSA, as well as a number of the other Assemblies modeled after Chautauqua, formed the International Chautauqua Alliance. This coalition brought the Assembly even greater popularity, and allowed it to begin showing guest ministers, lectures and entertainers from around the country during the summer season.
The World Wars and Great Depression severely hindered the revenues and popularity of the MSSA, forcing it to close many cottages and discontinue nearly half their programs; many other Assemblies were forced to shut down during this period. It was nearly 30 years before interest returned to the MSSA, leading to the restoration and refurbishing of many cottages, as well as the introduction of new programs and guest speakers. This reawakening of interest peaked in the 1980s, when the MSSA held its Centennial Celebration and was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The MSSA is one of only 9 surviving Assemblies in the United States, and still receives thousands of visitors a year.
Grounds
The Assembly grounds, which comprise the Monteagle Sunday School Assembly Historic District, constitute a large part of the area of the town of Monteagle. A stone gatehouse marks the entry to the grounds, which are served by narrow, winding roads. Most of the 162 buildings on the grounds are residences for Assembly participants, typically one- and two-story frame cottages with porches, featuring Queen Anne and Carpenter Gothic design elements. A chapel, library, dining hall, and several recreational structures are also provided. About 40 percent of the grounds are maintained as parkland.
Summer programs
The 8-week period from early June to August, referred to as the Season, is when the MSSA hosts its annual summer program. This includes a number of social, spiritual and cultural activities for all ages, as well as guest speakers, entertainers and ministers.
Religious activities
Often known as the cornerstone of the Assembly program, the number of spiritual activities appeal to Christians of all denominations, and community activities and prayer also help visitors and members get to know each other. The MSSA offers Sunday school and Sunday church, evening prayer [called Twilight Prayers], and a weekly guest minister and speaker, all of which take place in the Assembly's small but well-known church, Warren Chapel, designed along with the Harton (dining) Hall also on the mall, by renowned Nashville architect, Edwin A Keeble who was born in the Assembly in 1905 and died in Sewanee in 1979.
Cultural activities
The Assembly also offers culturally and socially enriching activities during the summer, which can include cottage tours, bazaars, flea markets and guest lecturers, as well as card parties and book clubs offered by the Monteagle Woman's Association.
Youth activities
By far, the widest range of activities are offered to 5-18 year-olds who come to the Assembly. There is no shortage of things for children and teens to do, and on any given day the Assembly could host evening movies, hiking excursions, youth groups, arts and crafts, and fu.
Guests and members
Although the MSSA offers popular summer programs, it has many year-round residents who live in the cottages on the grounds. MSSA, located six miles from Sewanee, The University of the South, has been a haven for many writers and artists, including Andrew Lytle and John Gaddis. Only members of MSSA may purchase homes and mortgages are not allowed. Many other people rent out their cottages to people during the summer, and some only stay for a few days at a nearby bed and breakfast.
References
External links
Monteagle Sunday School Assembly website
The Chautauqua Institution
New Piasa Chautauqua, Chautauqua, IL
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Victorian architecture in Tennessee
Religious organizations established in 1882
21st-century Chautauquas
Chautauqua
Monteagle, Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Grundy County, Tennessee
Religious buildings and structures in Tennessee
Christianity in Tennessee
Sunday schools
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Grundy County, Tennessee
The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales is a 1976 book by Bruno Bettelheim, in which the author analyzes fairy tales in terms of Freudian psychoanalysis. The book has been a subject of controversy regarding possible plagiarism.
Structure and contents
The book is divided into two main sections. The first, "A Pocketful of Magic," outlines Bettelheim's thoughts on the value of fairy tales for children. The second part, "In Fairy Land," presents psychoanalytical readings of several popular fairy tales, specifically:
"Hansel and Gretel"
"Little Red Riding Hood"
"Jack and the Beanstalk"
"Snow White"
"Goldilocks and the Three Bears"
"The Sleeping Beauty"
"Cinderella"
The "animal bridegroom" cycle of fairy tales, including "Beauty and the Beast", "The Frog Prince" and "Bluebeard".
Bettelheim presents a case that fairy tales help children solve certain existential problems such as separation anxiety, oedipal conflict, and sibling rivalries. The extreme violence and ugly emotions of many fairy tales serve to deflect what may well be going on in the child's mind anyway. A child's unrealistic fears often require unrealistic hopes. And furthermore, "The Frog King" may be superior to modern sex education in that it acknowledges that a child may find sex disgusting, and this may serve a protective function for the child.
In his introduction, Bettelheim stated that he was writing the book as "an educator and therapist of severely disturbed children."
However, after his death, his credentials in those fields were found to be faked, and Bettelheim had only taken three introductory classes in psychology.
Reception and influence
In the U.S., Bettelheim and The Uses of Enchantment won the 1976 National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism and the 1977 National Book Award in category Contemporary Thought.
Robert A. Segal writes, "It is the disjunction between Bettelheim's up-to-date approach to fairy tales and his old-fashioned approach to myths that is striking."
The Uses of Enchantment have been cited as an influence in many subsequent works that utilize fairy tales in adult terms, including the 1987 film Dolls, the 2011 Catherine Hardwicke film Red Riding Hood and the 2014 fantasy horror film Red Kingdom Rising. It was claimed by Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine as the inspiration for their 1986 musical Into the Woods.
Plagiarism
In the Winter 1991 edition of the peer-reviewed Journal of American Folklore, Alan Dundes, then a 28-year veteran in the anthropology department at the University of California, Berkeley, presented a case that Bettelheim had copied key passages from A Psychiatric Study of Myths and Fairy Tales: Their Origin, Meaning, and Usefulness (1963, 1974 rev. ed.) by Julius Heuscher without giving appropriate credit, as well as unacknowledged borrowing from other sources.
Dundes states that Bettelheim engaged in "wholesale borrowing" of both "random passages" and "key ideas," primarily from Heuscher's book, but also from other sources. Robert A. Georges, a professor of folklore at UCLA, states "it is clear he [Bettelheim] didn't do his homework."
Heuscher himself did not consider it a big deal. He said, "We all plagiarize. I plagiarize. Many times, I am not sure whether it came out of my own brain or if it came from somewhere else … I'm only happy that I would have influenced Bruno Bettelheim. I did not always agree with him. But that does not matter. Poor Bruno Bettelheim. I would not want to disturb his eternal sleep with this [Ellipsis in Los Angeles Times article]."
Dundes also states that his own 1967 article on Cinderella was copied by Bettelheim. Jacquelyn Sanders, who knew Bettelheim and later served the same position as director of the Orthogenic School at the University of Chicago, said she did not believe many people would agree with Dundes's accusations. She stated in 1991, "I would not call that plagiarism. I think the article is a reasonable scholarly endeavor, and calling it scholarly etiquette is appropriate. It is appropriate that this man deserved to be acknowledged and Bettelheim didn't … But I would not fail a student for doing that, and I don't know anybody who would [Ellipses in Chicago Tribune article]."
In reviewing a biography of Bettelheim by Richard Pollak in 1997, Sarah Boxer of the New York Times wrote, "Mr. Pollak gives a damning passage-for-passage comparison of the two [Heuscher's 1963 book and Bettelheim's 1976 book]."
And as early as 1991, the Los Angeles Times compared what Heuscher had written: "While one must never ‘explain' the fairy tales to the child, the narrator's understanding of their meaning is very important. It furthers the sensitivity for selecting those stories which are most appropriate in various phases of children's development and for stressing those themes which may be therapeutic for specific psychological difficulties."
And what Bettelheim later wrote: "One must never ‘explain' to the child the meaning of fairy tales. However, the narrator's understanding of the fairy tale's message to the child's preconscious mind is important. . . . It furthers the adult's sensitivity to selection of those stories which are most appropriate to the child's state of development and to the specific psychological difficulties he is confronted with at the moment [Ellipsis in Los Angeles Times article]."
References
1976 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
Books about psychoanalysis
Books by Bruno Bettelheim
Books involved in plagiarism controversies
Books of literary criticism
National Book Award-winning works
National Book Critics Circle Award-winning works
Psychoanalytic books
Works about fairy tales
Thames & Hudson books
Henricus was a bishop in Ireland during the early 14th century: he was Bishop of Clogher from 1310 until 1316.
References
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1316 deaths
The 1946 Davidson Wildcats football team was an American football team that represented Davidson University as a member of the Southern Conference during the 1947 college football season. In its first season under head coach William Story, the team compiled a 4–5 record (1–5 against conference opponents) and outscored opponents by a total of 206 to 130. The team played its home games at Richardson Stadium in Davidson, North Carolina.
Schedule
References
Davidson
Davidson Wildcats football seasons
Davidson Wildcats football
The Stephen F. Austin Ladyjacks softball team represents the Stephen F. Austin State University, located in Nacogdoches, Texas. The Ladyjacks are a member of the Western Athletic Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach Nicole Dickson and plays home games at SFA Softball Field.
Postseason appearances
Division II Level
Women's College World Series:
1978
1983
1985
1986 Champions
Division I Level
NISC Tournament:
2018
2019
References
External links
Official Website
Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus was a consular tribune of the Roman Republic in 402 and 398 BC.
Sulpicius belonged to the Sulpicia gens, a patrician gen which was flourishing during this period of the Republic. Sulpicius father or grandfather was Servius Sulpicius Camerinus Cornutus, consul in 461 BC and filiations indicate that Sulpicius himself was the father of Servius Sulpicius Camerinus, consul suffectus in 393 BC.
Career
Sulpicius held the imperium in 402 BC as one of six consular tribunes. He shared the office with Gaius Servilius Ahala, Quintus Servilius Fidenas, Lucius Verginius Tricostus Esquilinus, Manius Sergius Fidenas and Aulus Manlius Vulso Capitolinus. There was much infighting between the consulars which would lead to the defeat of Sergius at Veii because his colleague Verginius refused him aid. Ahala, his other colleague, took matters into his own hands and forced the abdication of the entire college, including Sergius, to be replaced by a newly elected college. The defeat of the Romans at Veii should be treated as historical, but the reason (such as the rivalry between Sergius and Verginius) provided by ancient authors, such as Livy, should be viewed critically and sceptically, similar scepticism should be directed at the descriptions of the actions of Ahala. Sulpicius actions during his episode is unknown, but it would seem that it did not severely affect his career as he would be re-elected in 398 BC.
Sulpicius was elected for a second term as consular tribune in 398 BC. The college consisted of six members, Sulpicius and five others, Marcus Valerius Lactucinus Maximus, Lucius Furius Medullinus, Marcus Furius Camillus, Lucius Valerius Potitus and his former colleague Quintus Servilius Fidenas. War continued against the Falsci and the Veii. Sulpicius shared the command against the Veii together with Lactucinus, Medullinus and Servilius while Camillus remained in Rome and Potitus fought the Flasci. A natural phenomenon occurred at the Alban lake resulting in an embassy of former consulars being sent to Delphi to consult the Oracle of Apollo.
See also
References
5th-century BC Romans
4th-century BC Romans
Roman Republic
Roman consular tribunes
402 BC
398 BC
Sulpicii
Difrasismo is a term derived from Spanish that is used in the study of certain Mesoamerican languages, to describe a particular grammatical construction in which two separate words are paired together to form a single metaphoric unit. This semantic and stylistic device was commonly employed throughout Mesoamerica, and features notably in historical works of Mesoamerican literature, in languages such as Classical Nahuatl and Classic Maya.
The term was first introduced by Ángel María Garibay K.
For example, in Nahuatl the expression or , literally 'the tail, the wing', is used in a metaphoric sense to mean 'the people' or 'the common folk'. The Aztecs' term ['flower and song'] could refer to any artistic endeavor in general and the effect of the divine force . The pair ['our mother, our father'] (which in classical Nahuatl is the only gender-neutral way to refer to a "parent") is often part of an invocation to a high god. The ['water, burnt-earth'] or pairs the elemental opposites of water and fire (each a force for both life and destruction) into a single symbol of war.
See also
Hendiadys
Kenning
Merism
Parallelism (grammar)
Notes
References
Nahuatl
Mesoamerican studies
Figures of speech
The Chief of the General Staff of the Army and Armed Forces () is the professional head of the Syrian Armed Forces and the Syrian Army. The Chief of the General Staff is appointed by the President of Syria, who is the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces.
List of officeholders
References
Chiefs of Staff of the Syrian Army
Syria
Al-Salam Sports Club () is an Omani sports club based in Sohar, Oman. The club is currently playing in the Oman Second Division League, second division of Oman Football Association.
Being a multisport club
Although being mainly known for their football, Al-Salam SC like many other clubs in Oman, have not only football in their list, but also hockey, volleyball, handball, basketball, badminton and squash. They also have a youth football team competing in the Omani Youth league.
References
External links
Al Salam at futbol24.com
Club Info at Goalzz.com
Football clubs in Oman
Omani League
Sohar
The was primarily a seaplane tender unit of the Imperial Japanese Navy's Combined Fleet.
Organization
Commander
Footnotes
Bibliography
"Monthly The Maru" series, and "The Maru Special" series, (Japan)
"Monthly Ships of the World" series, (Japan)
"Famous Airplanes of the World" series and "Monthly Kōku Fan" series, Bunrindō (Japan)
3
Units of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
Military units and formations established in 1936
Military units and formations disestablished in 1944
Andrea Benítez may refer to:
Andrea Benítez (tennis)
Andrea Benítez (skateboarder)
Tasman Ridge () is a ridge, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, located 10 nautical miles (18 km) northeast of Mount Hooker, bounded on the northwest by Ball Glacier and on the southeast by Hooker Glacier, descending into Blue Glacier in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land. Named by New Zealand Geographic Board (NZGB) in 1994 in association with other names from Mount Cook National Park that are found in this area.
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Zoë Baker (born 29 February 1976) is a former world record holder in swimming who represented Great Britain until 2005, when she switched allegiance to New Zealand whilst living there. She later returned to the United Kingdom and she switched her allegiance back to Great Britain in 2011.
Swimming career
National titles
Baker won the ASA National British Championships 50 metres breaststroke title eight times (1992, 1993, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003).
1999
At the 1999 European Aquatics Championships in Istanbul, Baker swam 31.43 seconds in the semifinal of the 50-m breaststroke to set a European record. She collected a silver medal in the final.
2000
Baker earned the silver medal in the 50-m breaststroke at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships in Helsinki, finishing behind Ágnes Kovács of Hungary.
2001
Baker won the bronze medal in the 50-m breaststroke at the 2001 FINA World Championships in Fukuoka, Japan, finishing with a time of 31.40.
2002
Baker represented England at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester winning the gold medal in the women's 50 m breaststroke in a time of 30.60 seconds. She also set a world record of 30.57 seconds in the semifinal round of the same event, breaking the previous mark set by Penny Heyns of South Africa. In addition, she set a short-course world record with a mark of 30.53 seconds at the South African National Short Championships in Durban, then surpassed that mark later in the same month.
2003
In 2003 Baker collected another medal in the 50-m breaststroke, a bronze at the 2003 FINA World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona behind Chinese swimmer Luo Xuejuan.
2006
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne she was 4th in the same event, this time representing New Zealand.
2012
In January 2012 Baker switched her allegiance back to Great Britain for international swimming competitions.
Coaching career
Baker is the head coach of the Bournemouth Collegiate School Swimming Academy.
See also
World record progression 50 metres breaststroke
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
English female swimmers
New Zealand female swimmers
Female breaststroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games competitors for New Zealand
World record setters in swimming
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Paul Alfred Marie Bailliart (9 November 1877, in Poitiers – 29 October 1969, in Val-de-Grâce, in Paris) was a French ophthalmologist.
Biography
Bailliart graduated from the lycée of Besançon and then joined the army in the École du Service de Santé of Lyon to acquire an education in medicine.
In 1900 he completed his medical education and successfully defended his thesis Traitement chirurgical de la myopie, en particulier par la suppression du cristallin (Surgical treatment of myopia, in particular by removing the lens).
He went to Paris in 1907 to work with Victor Morax and in 1909 became a member of the Société d'Ophtalmologie de Paris, of which he was the Secretary General from 1922 to 1938. Bailliart was a military doctor during WW I and joined in 1929, as department head, the Quinze-Vingts National Ophthalmology Hospital and remained in that position until his retirement in 1943. He also served a term as the president of the European Society of Ophthalmology (SOE) and in various capacities for several other international organizations.
He gained an international reputation for his work on the retinal circulation, the ophthalmological manuals he co-authored, and his development of Bailliart's ophthalmodynamometer, Bailliart's goniometer, and Bailliart's tonometer. He also published works concerned with the education of the blind.
For his work as a physician and teacher, Bailliart was made an Officer of the French Legion of Honor, was awarded the Ordre des Palmes Académiques, and won the Donders Medal (1939) and the Gonin Medal (1945). He was the mayor of Massy, Essonne from 1926 to 1935 and wrote a history of this town. In Massy he acquired (and named Chambertrand) a house which belonged to the historian Fustel de Coulanges and now houses a center of Cimade.
In this house and under its aegis, Bailliart's granddaughter and her husband Raymond Rodriguez created in the 1960s the Centre Culturel de Massy (CCM). The Centre Culturel Paul Bailliart built in 1969 and now known as Paul B. is the successor of CCM.
Bailliart was predeceased by his wife and buried in Massy.
Sources
Paul Bailliart, Histoires de famille, Paris, Badiane, 1990.
Paul Bailliart, Histoire de Massy, Paris, Le livre d'histoire, 2003.
Louis Guillaumat, Jean-Pierre Bailliart, Les Quinze-vingts de Paris : échos historiques du XIIIe au XXe siècle, Paris, Société francophone d'histoire de l'ophtalmologie, 1998.
British Journal of Ophthalmology, 1970;54:72 Obituary. Paul Bailliart
References
1877 births
1969 deaths
French ophthalmologists
People from Poitiers
Torben Knudsen is a Danish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
The Toyota Takaoka Assembly Plant, also known as Takaoka Plant, was built in Toyota City, Aichi, Japan in 1966 to build the first Toyota Corolla (series KE10). Production officially began January 1967 where production was transferred from the Toyota Motomachi plant.
The location continues to build the Corolla, and was the manufacturing location for past and current models that included the Toyota Publica, Toyota Sprinter, Toyota Carina, Toyota Tercel, Toyota Cynos and the Toyota Prius. Its current size is and employs 3,150 people. This number of employees is from December 2011, and excludes fixed-term employees and short-term employees.
It also serves as a support location for various Toyota assembly locations internationally.
External links
Companies based in Aichi Prefecture
Toyota factories
1960 establishments in Japan
Buddy and Sweets is a jazz album recorded in Los Angeles, California in September 1955 by Harry "Sweets" Edison and Buddy Rich.
Track listing
LP side A
"Yellow Rose of Brooklyn" (Harry "Sweets" Edison) – 4:31
"Easy Does It" (Sy Oliver, Trummy Young) – 8:16
"All Sweets" (Edison) – 2:09
"Nice Work If You Can Get It" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 4:04
LP side B
"Barney's Bugle" (Buddy Rich) – 9:39
"Now's the Time" (Charlie Parker) – 4:39
"You're Getting to Be a Habit with Me" (Al Dubin, Harry Warren) – 5:10
Personnel
Harry Sweets Edison – trumpet
Buddy Rich – drums
Jimmy Rowles – piano
Barney Kessel – guitar
John Simmons – bass
References / notes
Norgran MGN 1038, also re-issued as Verve MGV 8129
Buddy and Sweets (Norgran MGN 1038) at jazzdisco.org
Buddy and Sweets at [ allmusic.com]
Personnel and recording dates at mosaicrecords.com
External links
Fitzpatrick, Craig, Stereotimes review of Buddy and Sweets, 2004 November (link)
1955 albums
Harry Edison albums
Buddy Rich albums
Albums produced by Norman Granz
Albums with cover art by David Stone Martin
Norgran Records albums
Verve Records albums
Donald George Novis (3 March 1906 – 23 July 1966) was an English-born American actor and tenor.
Early life
Novis was born on 3 March 1906 in Hastings, Sussex to Frederick George Novis and Charlotte Morris. Shortly after his birth, Novis and his family emigrated to Canada, where they eventually settled in Chapleau, Ontario. On 8 November 1908, the family entered the United States through Detroit on their way to Los Angeles.
Novis was educated at Thomas Jefferson Elementary School, Pasadena High School and Whittier College. He was a soloist in two churches, and he sang on radio station KPSN.
Atwater Kent contest
In 1928, Novis won the national Atwater Kent Foundation singing competition after having won a preliminary regional contest that included contestants from nine western states. The victory in the second national Radio Audition earned $5,000 cash and a two-year university scholarship for Novis.
Career
Novis pursued an acting and singing career. He made his film debut as the Country Boy in the detective film Bulldog Drummond (1929). He appeared on screen in numerous films up to 1937, often as a singer in films like One Hour with You (1932) and This Is the Night (1932). His appearances in films were thereafter limited. He sang on several film soundtracks and notably recorded the Academy Award-nominated song "Love Is a Song" for the Disney animated feature film Bambi (1942). He and Gloria Grafton introduced the popular song "My Romance" in the film Jumbo (1935).
In 1930, Novis made his Broadway debut as Hoheno in the original production of Rudolf Friml's Luana. He performed in only one other Broadway musical during his career, Matt Mulligan, Jr. in Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart's Jumbo in 1935-1936. In 1938 he starred in a production of Jerome Kern's Roberta at the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera.
Novis was also highly active as a singer with big bands and as a radio entertainer in the 1930s, including having his own program on NBC beginning on 15 June 1932. He performed frequently with Anson Weeks and his band and was often heard on the radio programme Fibber McGee and Molly. He also played Matt Mulligan in the old-time radio adaptation of Jumbo (1935-1936) on NBC. From 1932–1934 he led his own orchestra which made several recordings for Brunswick Records.
In 1955 Novis co-created the script for the long-running “Golden Horseshoe Revue” at Disneyland's Frontierland with Wally Boag. The show ran continuously to 1986, and Novis himself starred in the production from its inception until his retirement 9 years later in 1964.
Personal life
On 4 November 1929, Novis married his first wife, Emma Julietta Burnett, at Long Beach, California. Four years later, they were divorced.
In February 1938, Novis married his second wife, Dorothy Bradshaw, a former Ziegfeld girl, at the Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. By his second wife, Novis had two daughters, Carol Jean and Leslie Katherine Novis. He died at Norwalk, California on 23 July 1966.
Death
Novis died of pneumonia in Costa Mesa, California in 1966 at the age of 60. He was survived by his wife, two daughters, two brothers, and a sister.
Selected filmography
Kathleen Mavourneen (1930)
Love In The Rough (1930)
Monte Carlo (1930)
One Hour With You (1932)
The Singing Plumber (1932)
The Big Broadcast (1932)
We Do Our Part (1935)
Cut Out For Love (1937)
Bambi (1942) Only voice
Sweethearts of the U.S.A. (1944)
Notes
External links
References
1906 births
1966 deaths
English male musical theatre actors
English male film actors
English tenors
20th-century English male actors
20th-century British male opera singers
Pasadena High School (California) alumni
British emigrants to the United States
Deaths from pneumonia in California
Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Kenneth Johnson and starring Kirsten Storms as the eponymous heroine. The film was based on the book Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century written by Marilyn Sadler and Roger Bollen. The film was originally conceived as a pilot for a potential television series. The film was the first under the Disney Channel Original Movie banner to produce a sequel, Zenon: The Zequel (2001). A third and final installment was also produced, Zenon: Z3 (2004).
Synopsis
The year is 2049 and Zenon Kar is a 13-year-old girl who lives with her family on an Earth-orbiting space station. After Zenon gets into trouble with the space station's commander, Edward Plank, her parents punish her by sending her to Earth to live with her Aunt Judy. On Earth, Zenon experiences trouble fitting in with other kids, who consider her name, space-station stories and slang to be weird. Likewise, Zenon considers the children at her school woefully out of touch with pop culture. Eventually, Zenon makes friends on Earth with two boys, Andrew and Greg (with whom she develops a relationship). Along the way the kids learn to be more accepting of one another and to look past first impressions.
During her time on Earth, Zenon uncovers a plot masterminded by station bigwig Parker Wyndham to use a computer virus to crash the space station and collect the insurance money. When Zenon tries to warn her parents of the danger, Commander Plank, who sees all children as troublemakers, convinces Zenon's parents not to listen to her. Plank believes that her story is only a ploy to get back onto the space station to attend an upcoming concert by her idol Proto Zoa and his pop-rock group Microbe.
Andrew and Greg join in to help Zenon find a way to save the people on the space station. Andrew creates a computer anti-virus, but Zenon must get Andrew's disk to the space station. Zenon goes to the launch yard, hoping to sneak onto a rocket to the space station. Proto Zoa, who is about to depart for the concert, recognizes Zenon from a "Dance with Proto Zoa" contest has her join him on the launch to the station. Wyndham and Lutz enter the rocket to try to stop Zenon, and Aunt Judy follows them. Upon arrival, Commander Plank is shocked to see Zenon, but lets her stay when he becomes smitten with Aunt Judy. Plank still won't believe Zenon's story, especially when Wyndham accuses her of trying to sabotage the station. Zenon manages to load Andrew's anti-virus program on the station's computers in time. Wyndham is arrested with his assistant Lutz while everyone else enjoys the Microbe concert.
Cast
Kirsten Storms as Zenon Kar
Raven-Symoné as Nebula Wade
Stuart Pankin as Commander Edward Plank
Holly Fulger as Aunt Judy Cling
Frederick Coffin as Parker Wyndham
Bob Bancroft as Mr. Lutz
Greg Thirloway as Mark Kar
Phillip Rhys as Proto Zoa / Microbe
Gwynyth Walsh as Astrid Kar
Lauren Maltby as Margie Hammond
Danielle Fraser as Lynx
Brenden Richard Jefferson as Andrew
Blair Slater as Aquillat
Zach Lipovsky as Matt
Neil Denis as Leo
Gregory Smith as Greg
Kea Wong as Gemma
David Meyer (Astronomy Professor at Northwestern University) as Proto Zoa's Groupie
Production
Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century was a failed pilot for a proposed television series. It was directed by Kenneth Johnson. The film was produced by de Passe Entertainment for Disney Channel, and executive produced by Suzanne de Passe and Suzanne Coston.
Filming began in August 1998, in Vancouver, British Columbia. The rocket launch yard scenes were filmed at the Plaza of Nations.
Release
Zenon was originally slated to air on the Disney Channel in December 1998, but ultimately premiered on January 23, 1999. Walt Disney Home Video released it on VHS in September 2000.
The film is available on iTunes, Google Play and Disney+.
The special edition Version on VHS has a Bonus Feature of Disney's Travelers.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 62% based on audience scores. The film and its sequels have since developed somewhat of a cult following.
Sequels
The film was followed by Zenon: The Zequel (2001) and Zenon: Z3 (2004).
See also
List of American films of 1999
List of films featuring space stations
References
External links
1999 television films
1999 films
American adventure films
American children's films
American science fiction films
American space adventure films
Disney Channel Original Movie films
Films based on children's books
Films set in 2049
Films shot in Vancouver
Television pilots not picked up as a series
Zenon
1990s children's films
American science fiction television films
Television films as pilots
Films directed by Kenneth Johnson (producer)
1990s American films
Golnaz Fathi (born 1972) is an Iranian contemporary artist noted for her artwork in the hurufiyya tradition.
Life and career
She was born in Tehran and studied graphic design at Islamic Azad University, receiving a BA in 1995. She went on to study traditional Persian calligraphy, receiving a diploma from the Iranian Society of Calligraphy. Fathi was named Best Woman Calligraphist by the Iranian Society of Calligraphy in 1995.
Fathi has developed her own abstract style derived from the practice of traditional calligraphy. Unlike traditional calligraphy, her painting features strong brushstrokes and vibrant colour. Although her work may include Arabic letters, Fathi wants it to be viewed as abstract images rather than as text. For continuing the use of calligraphy in abstract designs, she is seen as part of the broader, hurufiyya art movement. Art historian, Rose Issa, has described her work as that of a third generation huryifiyya artist.
Her work has appeared in solo shows in London, New York City, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Singapore, Dubai, Doha, Manama, Kuwait City, and Beirut. Her work is included in the collections of the British Museum and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
See also
Iranian art
Islamic art
Islamic calligraphy
References
1972 births
Living people
21st-century Iranian women artists
Islamic Azad University alumni
The 1938 William & Mary Indians football team represented The College of William & Mary during the 1938 college football season.
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Simon Mountford (by 1487 – 1537 or 1538), of Sutton Coldfield and Kingshurst in Coleshill, Warwickshire, was an English politician.
He was the only son of Thomas Mountford. His grandfather, Sir Simon Mountford, was also an MP, and had been executed for supporting Perkin Warbeck, one of the pretenders to the throne of England during the reign of Henry VII.
He was a servant of Katherine of Aragon, the first wife of Henry VIII and captain of the Erassmus Shype in 1513. He served as a Justice of the Peace for Warwickshire from 1529 to his death and as the escheator for Warwickshire and Leicestershire from 1530 to 1532.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for the constituency of Newport, Cornwall in 1529.
He married twice; firstly Anne, the daughter of Sir Ralph Longford of Longford, Derbyshire, with whom he had a son, Francis, and secondly Joyce, the daughter of Nicholas Rugeley of Dunton, Warwickshire and the widow of Hugh Harman of Moor Hall, Sutton Coldfield.
References
15th-century births
Year of birth missing
1538 deaths
People from Warwickshire
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
English MPs 1529–1536
Zara, sometimes also called Zaraha (former name is: Maliorano) is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Midongy-Atsimo, which is a part of Atsimo-Atsinanana Region. There are 1851 inscribed voters in this commune.
To this commune belong also the villages of:
Ambodisahy
Ankalatany
Beharena
Bevaho
Mahabe, Zara
Marovovo
Mikaiky
Sahanety
Tsararano, Zara
References and notes
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Coat of arms of Riga is one of the official symbols of Riga, along with the flag of Riga.
Blazon
The blazon on the greater, middle, and lesser coat of arms of Riga, on the Riga City Council Binding Regulations No.181, states that:
Greater coat of arms of Riga
Middle coat of arms of Riga
Lesser coat of arms of Riga
Symbolism
The two towers symbolize the city's autonomy.
The raised gate with lion's head symbolizes the bravery of its citizens.
Two crossed black keys symbolizes the patronage of the Pope and the protection of the keys of St. Peter.
A golden cross and a golden crown symbolizes the subservience to the bishop.
Two golden lions on a grey plinth symbolizes the strong foundation of the city and the bravery of its citizens.
Colors
For display
The colors of the coat of arms for display are regulated in the Riga City Council Binding Regulations No.181.
For branding
The colors of the coat of arms for branding is regulated in a document that has been confirmed by the chairman of the Riga City Council, numbered 128-r. In this version, the field and the plinth had the same gray color.
Usage
The greater, middle, and lesser coat of arms of Riga should conform to their heraldic descriptions and samples. Coats of arms of Riga with shield holders, coats of arms of Riga, Riga's small coats of arms can be used in heraldic colors, black and white, or in monochrome colours.
The coat of arms usage in the forms and business cards can only be used by the Riga city municipal institutions, institutions, structural units and municipal corporations.
The coats of arms of Riga can be used without the permission of the Symbolic Commission in posters, publications, advertisements and events which was financially supported or/and organized by the Riga City Municipality, or organizers that had signed a cooperation agreement with the Riga Municipality.
Individuals and legal entities can use the coat of arms of Riga, with the heraldic elements, upon obtaining the permission from the Symbolic Commission, for :
souvenir making
presentation of articles
product packaging design
presentation of events
in ads
History
It is known that from 1225 to 1226, from 1330 to 1340, a city wall with open gates and two towers, the middle of which is located on the cross pole, can be seen in the city stamp, but on each side along the key. The walls of the medieval towns' marble with the gates were a common heraldic element that symbolized the city's independence, significance and power.
In 1297-1330 when the Livonian Order became the Riga City Council, a new seal was created. The walls with the raised gates and the crossed keys remain from the old version, but with a different location. New heraldic elements, such as cross of the Livonian Order was inserted into the coat of arms to symbolize symbolising the dominance of the Livonian Order in Riga, and replaced the crossed staves. Other new element, a lion in the raised stone gates of the city, was added, which symbolises to the prowess of the townspeople and the growing independence of the citizens of Riga. This coat of arms was created in 1347 and has been preserved in a 1349 document stamp and is considered to be the basis for development of the Riga Coat of Arms.
In 1554, the coat of arms of the city of Riga was supplemented with a new heraldic element, lions, as the shield holders of the coat of arms.
In 1656, the city acquired the right to place the Swedish crown in its coat of arms as a form of gratitude from the for the heroic defense of the city during the siege of Russia. The color of the white coat of arms was changed to blue, but the order of the cross red color - with gold. Such coat of arms was kept in the Riga stamp seal until 1889.
After the Northern War, when Riga was under the control of the Russian Empire, the Russian Tsarina Catherine II approved the coat of arms of Riga on 4 October 1788. The shield holders of the lions were replaced by the symbol of the Russian Empire - the two-headed eagle's, and the crown of the Monarch of Sweden with the Russian imperial crown.
On October 31, 1925, with the approval of the President, Riga received a new coat of arms, the description of which is as follows:
In the years of the Latvian SSR, there was little attention to the coat of arms of Riga, and the new coat of arms was approved on 15 February 1967, designed by Ivars Strautmanis. It had a coat of arms with a golden border in the color of the flag of the Latvian SSR, with a 2-tower-shaped silhouette of the city gate (the silhouette was added more details in 1987). Above the gate is 2 crossed keys and a yellow star. The establishment year of Riga, "1201", was added later in 1968, and was deleted in a 1987 revision, and was changed with the lions below the gate in 1988.
Current coat of arms
After Latvia regained independence, Riga regained its historical coat of arms, and the approval in 1925 was renewed in 1988.
Gallery
Governorate of Livonia
Republic of Latvia (1918-1940)
Latvian SSR
From 1988 until 1990, there was no official version of the coat of arms. There was a restoration of the coat of arms, but the restored version is unknown. The first version is based on the 1967 coat of arms, created by artist I. Strautmanis. The other version is based on the 1925 coat of arms, created by artist Y. Ivanov.
Republic of Latvia (since 1990)
References
External links
Riga
Riga
Culture in Riga
History of Riga
Sarichioi (, from , "Yellow Village" ) is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Enisala, Sabangia, Sarichioi, Zebil and Visterna. Besides the ethnic Romanian majority (56.4% of the population), the commune is home to a sizeable Lipovan community (43.1%).
The village of Enisala (, , "New Village") is the site of a fortress dominating nearby lakes (previously gulfs) of Razelm and Babadag. Dated to the late 13th or the beginning of the 14th century, it was built to control the travel routes that passed through the region. The fortress' three hexagonal towers are the only ones of this type found in the whole region of Dobruja. There are several competing theories regarding its builders. On the one hand, some historians consider that its architecture is reminiscent of the Western manner of planning, and attribute it either to the Genoese, who held several trading posts in the area, or to the Byzantines, who intermittently controlled the region. On the other hand, other historians consider the towers very similar to ones found in Tsepina, Shumen, Perperikon, Vidin, consequently attributing it to Bulgarians, who are also known to have controlled the region at certain times during the probable period of construction. All written mentions of the fortress postdate its abandonment, making a definite attribution improbable. The castle was first conquered by the Ottomans in 1388/1389, and retaken in 1416/1417 after a brief Wallachian rule. Due to the new political situation and the development of sand spits that hampered trade, the fortress gradually decayed, and was finally abandoned around the end of the 15th century.
See also
List of castles in Romania
Tourism in Romania
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Tri-Cities Airport (originally Pasco Airport) is a public airport in the northwest United States in Franklin County, Washington. Located northwest of Pasco, it serves the Tri-Cities metropolitan area in southeast Washington, and is the fourth largest commercial airport in the state. The facility has three runways and covers .
History
The Tri-Cities Airport (originally Pasco Airport) was the site of the first airmail contract flight between Elko, Nevada, and Pasco, Washington, made by Varney Airlines, (later United Airlines) in 1926. The airport was relocated to its present site and became known as the Franklin County Airport; the U.S. Navy built Naval Air Station Pasco during World War II. After the war, the Navy sold the field to the city of Pasco, but retained training privileges. Several Navy aircraft, especially the P-3 Orion, used the field for landing and take-off training. The Port of Pasco then took ownership in 1963 and opened doors to a new terminal building in 1966.
In 1955, the old administration building became the home of the newly established Columbia Basin College, which it remained until the current facility near Interstate 182 was built in 1966. The building later was leased to the Pasco School District #1, for use as Pasco Alternative High School (now New Horizons High School) until it was destroyed by fire in the mid-1980s. The new school is now sited near Columbia Basin College.
Pasco has had jet flights on several airlines, including Air West/Hughes Airwest with Douglas DC-9s, Cascade Airways with BAC One-Elevens, Delta Air Lines with Boeing 727-200s and 737-300s, Western Airlines with Boeing 727-200s, 737-200s, and 737-300s, Frontier Airlines with 737-200s, Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) with BAe 146-200s, Alaska Airlines with Boeing 727s, Horizon Air with Fokker F-28s, and West Coast Airlines with DC-9s.
Currently, scheduled passenger flights are mostly regional jet and turboprop, although Allegiant Air operates Airbus A319s/320s, Delta operates Airbus A319s/320s and Boeing 717s, and Avelo operates Boeing 737s. Horizon Air, a subsidiary of Alaska Airlines, currently uses a mix of Bombardier Q400 turboprop aircraft, and E-175 jets at Tri-Cities, but has announced plans to transition to all E-175 jets by the end of 2023.
An expansion and remodel project took place in 1986 that included access roads, parking lots, aircraft parking apron and more than doubling the size of the terminal.
In 2003, the airport underwent another expansion and remodel that added an additional to the ticket lobby and boarding area.
In 2014, the Port of Pasco approved a $42 million renovation and expansion, planning to double the size of the terminal. The construction began in August 2014 and finished in January 2017. The first phase of the expansion was completed on September 7, 2015, which included a new west concourse with gates 3, 4 and 5 as well as new car rental and baggage claim areas. The second phase started shortly thereafter, planning to demolish the old boarding area and replace it with a new east concourse to house gates 1 and 2.
On January 27, 2017, the $42 million airport renovation and expansion, which added a new terminal, security area and baggage handling system was officially opened to the public. The new terminal is intended to meet the needs of the Tri-Cities metropolitan area for the next 20 years, with passenger enplanements/deplanements in 2019 reaching a new high of 870,900.
Current use
The airport's terminal at the south end of the field is the property of the Port of Pasco, at the north end of North 20th Avenue. Firefighting, however, is handled by the City of Pasco. A new fire station has recently been built on the terminal grounds. The old Navy station buildings on the north end of the airport are being used by other firms.
The airport is undergoing a major resurfacing of the runways, funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
Major tenants and commercial activity
General and corporate aviation are important to PSC and they have many facilities to accommodate them. The airport has over 120 based aircraft that belong to business and general aviation operators. T-hangars are available on the airport and two FBOs offer fuel and other services, Bergstrom Aircraft Inc. and Tri-Cities Aviation. The airport has two aircraft sales companies on the field: JD Aircraft Sales and Viper Aircraft Corp; both also offer storage.
PSC also has commercial air traffic. The airport is served by the regional affiliates of several major airlines such as Alaska and United. Delta Air Lines, Avelo Airlines and Allegiant Air operate mainline jets at present. Delta Air Lines flies Skywest E175s as well as Airbus A319s/A320s, Avelo Airlines operates Boeing 737s, with Allegiant Air flying Airbus 320s. Alaska Airlines, operated by Horizon Air, currently flies Bombardier Q400 aircraft on some services being replaced with E175s. Empire Airlines operates FedEx Feeder also to the airport from Spokane Intl (GEG). The FedEx facility on the field goes through of inbound cargo daily. Empire Airlines usually operates ATR-42s and Cessna 208 Caravans, and also ATR-72s during higher cargo volume periods. The FedEx facility is a major source of revenue for the community and they are planning to expand their facilities at PSC in the near future.
In the year ending December 31, 2018, the airport had 48,211 aircraft operations, average 132 per day: 67% general aviation, 19% air carrier, 9% air taxi, and 5% military. At the time 121 aircraft were based at PSC, 80 single engines, 23 multi engines, 14 jet and 4 helicopters.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Cargo
Statistics
Annual traffic
Top destinations
Airline market share
Accidents and incidents
On June 20, 1969, a Beechcraft Model 99 operated by Cascade Airways, bound for Spokane International Airport, pitched up steeply after takeoff, lost control and crashed. The probable causes were the pitch trim was found in the full nose up position and the captain's seat was unlocked and fully aft. Both occupants died.
On December 26, 1989, a British Aerospace Jetstream operated by North Pacific Airlines on behalf of United Express Flight 2415, a domestic scheduled passenger flight inbound from Yakima Air Terminal, crashed on an instrument landing system (ILS) approach to PSC 400 feet short of runway 21. Ice buildup and an unstabilized approach were the probable causes. All four passengers and two crew were killed.
On September 20, 2022, a Cessna 525B CitationJet CJ3 owned and operated by Pacific Cataract and Laser Institute inbound from Chehalis, WA with 10 people aboard caught fire after landing on runway 03L. As of September 25, 2022, the accident is under investigation, but preliminary information indicates that the plane caught fire after a gear-up landing. All 10 people evacuated and no injuries were reported, but the plane was written off.
References
External links
WSDOT Pilot's Guide: Tri-Cities
WSDOT Economic Impacts: Tri-Cities Airport
Airports in Washington (state)
Tri-Cities, Washington
Pasco, Washington
Transportation buildings and structures in Franklin County, Washington
Airports established in 1926
1926 establishments in Washington (state)
Captain William George Sellar Curphey (1895 – 15 May 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
Early life and entry into military
Curphey was born in Glasgow, Scotland to Mr. and Mrs. William Salvador Curphey, who at the time of his death were residing at 87 Canfield Gardens, Hampstead, Middlesex, England; the elder William Curphey was a civil servant. The younger William Curphey was educated at Glasgow Academy, at University College School, Hampstead, and at King's College London. He belonged to the Officers' Training Corps at London University.
Military career
Professional advancement
Curphey enlisted into the Princess Charlotte of Wales's (Royal Berkshire Regiment) in the early days of World War I. His commission as temporary second lieutenant in that regiment was gazetted 16 November 1914. A promotion to temporary lieutenant followed on 1 June 1915. On 15 July 1916, Curphey was transferred from the Berkshires to the General List of the Royal Flying Corps. He was advanced from pilot officer to flight commander with an accompanying promotion to temporary captain on 8 January 1917.
Aerial success
Curphey was one of the original pilots of 32 Squadrons, which was posted with its Airco DH.2s to the Battle of the Somme in France on 28 May 1916. He scored six wins between 22 August 1916 and 7 February 1917; one of them was shared with fellow ace James Robb. On 4 February, he suffered a slight head wound and was forced to land by Leutnant Erwin Böhme; this was Böhme's tenth victory.
Death in combat
On 14 May 1917, Curphey was one of a trio of patrollers who attacked three German observation balloons. Six Albatros fighters then attacked them. An Albatros on Curphey's tail became Saint Cyprian Tayler's second victim. Curphey was then shot down by Leutnant Franz Walz as the German ace's seventh victory. Curphey's plane was 20 feet from a crashlanding when it burst into flames. He died of the resulting burns the following day, in a German field hospital in Bouchain. At the time of his death, Curphey had a promotion to major pending; the new rank would have removed him from flight status.
Honours and awards
Military Cross
Temporary Lieutenant William George Sellar Curphey, General List and RFC.
For conspicuous skill and gallantry. He brought down an enemy machine, and two days later attacked and brought down another. He has frequently attacked formations of hostile aircraft and driven them down.
Bar to the Military Cross
Temporary Lieutenant (Temporary Captain) William George Sellar Curphey, MC, General List and RFC.
For conspicuous gallantry in action. He, with a patrol of four machines attacked a hostile formation of ten machines. After a prolonged fight he drove one enemy machine down. Later, although wounded, he again led another attack on a hostile machine and succeeded in bringing it down. He has on many previous occasions done fine work.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
1895 births
1917 deaths
Military personnel from Glasgow
People educated at the Glasgow Academy
People educated at University College School
Alumni of King's College London
Royal Berkshire Regiment officers
Royal Flying Corps officers
British World War I flying aces
Scottish flying aces
Recipients of the Military Cross
British military personnel killed in World War I
Aviators killed by being shot down
British Army personnel of World War I
Malda Division is an administrative division within the Indian state of West Bengal. This division build on 22 Nov 2016.This division was earlier a part of Jalpaiguri division and was carved out from it in 2016. The headquarters and the largest city of the Malda Division is Malda. The office of divisional commissioner is temporary located in old circuit house at B. G. Road, Malda.
Districts
It consists of 4 districts:
Demographics
Malda division is the only division of West Bengal where Muslims forms the dominant group of the population. Muslim comprises 60.94% of the population whereas Hindus form 38.20% of the population.
See also
Administrative divisions of West Bengal
References
Divisions of West Bengal
Northern Bengal
|}
The Haynes, Hanson and Clark Conditions Stakes is a flat horse race in Great Britain open to two-year-old colts and geldings. It is run at Newbury over a distance of 1 mile (1,609 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in September.
The event was known as the Kris Plate in 1979 and 1980, and on these two occasions it was won by the subsequent Derby winners Henbit and Shergar.
The race was given its present title in 1981, when the wine merchants Haynes, Hanson and Clark became its sponsor. Since then it has been contested by two future Derby winners, Shahrastani, the runner-up in 1985, and Authorized, third in 2006.
Records
Leading jockey since 1979 (3 wins):
Pat Eddery – Rainbow Quest (1983), Zinaad (1991), Boatman (1998)
Kevin Darley – Fight Your Corner (2001), Winged Cupid (2005), Teslin (2006)
Leading trainer since 1979 (5 wins):
Marcus Tregoning – Ethmaar (1999), Nayef (2000), Elshadi (2003), Taameer (2008), Cavaleiro (2011)
Winners since 1979
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Paris-Turf:
, , , ,
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, ,
Flat races in Great Britain
Newbury Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Iftikhar-ul-Ḥasan ibn Rauf-ul-Ḥasan Kāndhlawī (10 January 1922 – 2 June 2019) was an Indian Islamic scholar and preacher. He laid the foundation of Idgah of Kandhla in the year 1946. He wrote more than forty books.
Literary works
Kandhlawi's books include:.
Aakhirat ki Yaad
Aamal e Ramazan
Aashor e Muharramul Haram
Akser Zikrillah
Dua Ki Ahmiat
Fazilat e Quran
Haq Taala ke Do Makhsos Inam
Ilm Kaise Hasil Kiya Jata Hai
Islam Me Amanatdari
Islam aur Musalmano ke Gair ke Sath
Isteghfar ki Haqiqat
Namaz ki Ahmiyat
Tafsir-e-Muawwazatin
Tauon Azab-e-Elahi
Ulama-e- Islam ka Muttfiqa Faisla
Death
Kandhlawi died on 2 June 2019, coinciding with the Islamic date of 27 Ramadan 1440 AH, in Kandhla, at the age of 97. All the markets in the city remained closed for mourning the death of the preacher. According to news reports, lakhs of people from Shamli and adjoining districts joined the funeral procession. Muslims as well as people following other religions joined the procession. The local police chief and politicians also attended the funeral. Special arrangements for the managing the traffic and the huge crowd in the processions were made by the local administration.
References
External links
Funeral procession of Iftikhar-ul-Hasan Kandhlawi
https://www.patrika.com/muzaffarnagar-news/cheat-with-aap-leader-on-the-name-of-the-islamic-guru-hazrat-maulana-iftikhar-ul-hasan-1621793/
1922 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
Indian religious leaders
Indian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
Hanafis
20th-century Indian philosophers
Urdu-language writers
Tablighi Jamaat people
People from Muzaffarnagar district
People from Shamli district
Karel Farský (26 July 1880, in Škodějov, Semily District, Bohemia – 12 June 1927, in Prague) was a Czech Roman Catholic priest, and later founder and first patriarch (1920) of the Czechoslovak Hussite Church. He was Bishop of the West Bohemia (Prague) Diocese of the Czechoslovak Church from 1923 when he became the first patriarch of the church keeping both titles of patriarch and bishop until his death in 1927. he was succeeded by Gustav Adolf Procházka who took office in 1928.
Notes
References
Nĕmec, Ludvík (1975) The Czechoslovak Heresy and Schism: the emergence of a national Czechoslovak church American Philosophical Society, Philadelphia,
Tonzar, David (2002) Vznik a vývoj novodobé husitské teologie a Církev československá husitska Karolinum, Prague, in Czech
Urban, Rudolf (1973) Die tschechoslowakische hussitische Kirche J.G. Herder-Institut, Marburg/Lahn, , in German
This article is based in part on material from the Czech Wikipedia.
1880 births
1927 deaths
People from Semily District
People from the Kingdom of Bohemia
20th-century Czech Roman Catholic priests
Czechoslovak Hussite Church bishops
20th-century archbishops
Czechoslovak Roman Catholic priests
Former Roman Catholics
George Dickenson (first ¼ 1882 – June 1953) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s and 1910s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Warrington (Heritage № 85), as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Background
George Dickenson's birth was registered in Warrington, Lancashire, and his death aged 71 was registered in Warrington, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
International honours
George Dickenson won caps for England while at Warrington in 1904 against Other Nationalities, in 1908 against Wales (2 matches), in 1909 against Australia, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1908 against Australia.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
George Dickenson played in Warrington's 0–6 defeat by Batley in the 1900–01 Challenge Cup Final during the 1900–01 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 27 April 1901, in front of a crowd of 29,563,
played in the 3–8 defeat by Halifax in the 1903–04 Challenge Cup Final during the 1903–04 season at The Willows, Salford on Saturday 30 April 1904, in front of a crowd of 17,041, and played in the 6–0 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1904–05 Challenge Cup Final during the 1904–05 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 29 April 1905, in front of a crowd of 19,638.
County Cup Final appearances
George Dickenson played, and scored a try in Warrington's 6-15 defeat by Broughton Rangers in the 1906 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1906–07 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 1 December 1906.
Notable tour matches
George Dickenson played right-, i.e. number 3, and scored a goal in Warrington's 10-3 victory over Australia in the 1908–09 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain tour match during the 1908–09 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington, Saturday 14 November 1908, in front of a crowd of 5,000, due to the strikes in the cotton mills, the attendance was badly affected, the loss of earnings meant that some fans could not afford to watch the first tour by the Australian rugby league team.
References
External links
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1882 births
1953 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Warrington
Warrington Wolves players
In law, unring the bell is an analogy used to suggest the difficulty of forgetting information once it is known. When discussing jury trials, the phrase is sometimes used to describe the judge's instructions to the jury to ignore inadmissible evidence or statements they have heard. It may also be used if inadmissible evidence has been brought before a jury and the judge subsequently declares a mistrial.
Commenting on Court TV about the pre-trial release of nearly 200 pages of documents from a hearing on the sexual activities of the accuser in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, jury consultant Idgi D'Andrea said, "It's really hard to unring the bell, once that bell has been rung, and ask people to forget what they've heard." In a more recent case, judge Reggie Walton said that he could not "unring the bell" when he declared a mistrial in the Roger Clemens perjury trial.
In Oregon v. Rader
One of the earliest reported legal references to unringing a bell can be found in the Oregon Supreme Court case State v. Rader, 62 Ore. 37; 124 P. 195, argued on May 9, 1912, decided on May 28, 1912.
In that case, the defendant, Frederick Rader, indicted as Fritz Rader, was tried and convicted of the crime of arson for allegedly burning two haystacks. The prosecution's theory was that Rader did so in retaliation for the victim's reporting another crime (that Rader had cut off the tail of one of the victim's cows). At trial, the victim was permitted to testify concerning Rader's alleged tail-cutting. The court ruled that improper testimony had been admitted and it constituted a reversible error. Chief Justice McBride noted (at p. 40):
While in some cases an express instruction to the jury to disregard testimony injuriously admitted is properly held to cure the error, yet the courts are cautious in the application of this rule. It is not an easy task to unring a bell, nor to remove from the mind an impression once firmly imprinted there, and the withdrawal of the testimony should be so emphatic as to leave no doubt in the mind of the juror as to the unequivocal repudiation by the court of the erroneously admitted matter, and even then, in a case where the testimony is evenly balanced or contradictory, courts hesitate to sanction such withdrawal, though it seems absolutely necessary to permit this course in some instances.
In the USA v. Lowis
The phrase also appears several times in the ruling of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in the case USA v Lowis, 174 F.3d 881, 885 (7th Cir. 1999). Gary Lowis was arrested for possession of amphetamine and marijuana. Between that arrest and the subsequent trial, he was arrested a second time on similar charges. Before trial in United States District Court on the first arrest, the judge granted a defense motion to exclude evidence of the second arrest. However, during testimony a police witness quoted a statement made by Lowis after the second arrest. The judge later instructed the jury to disregard that portion of the evidence.
Lowis appealed his subsequent conviction, arguing, among other things, that the statements were so prejudicial to him that in spite of the judge's best efforts in instructing the jury to disregard that evidence, as a practical matter it was impossible to "unring the bell." Addressing the evidence admitted in error, the appeals court wrote that that evidence was "not a very loud bell" and the judge's instructions to the jury were adequate to "unring" it. Lowis' conviction was upheld.
In its ruling in the USA v Lowis, the appeals court provides some background and mentions a few other phrases (citations removed):"Unring the bell" is a good analogy which can save a lot of words in making the point. That phrase originated, as far as we can find, in Sandez v. United States [1956], and was elaborated on in Dunn v. United States, which added other pertinent analogies. "After the thrust of the saber it is difficult to forget the wound," was another, and then the most colorful one of all, "If you throw a skunk into the jury box, you can't instruct the jury not to smell it." In the present case there was no skunk thrown in the jury box. As also mentioned in Dunn, "Trials are rarely, if ever, perfect, but gross imperfections should not go unnoticed." We find no gross imperfections which would overpower the district court's instruction to the jury to disregard Lowis' statement.
References
Evidence law
Informal legal terminology
Your Name Poisons My Dreams () is a 1996 Spanish thriller film directed by Pilar Miró consisting of an adaptation of the novel Tu nombre envenena mis sueños by Joaquín Leguina. It stars Carmelo Gómez and Emma Suárez alongside Ángel de Andrés, Anabel Alonso and Toni Cantó.
Plot
The fiction, starting in 1942, is primarily set in post-Civil War, Francoist Madrid (1940s), focusing on the case pertaining the killings of some Falangists, conveyed from the point of view of inspector Ángel Barciela, the policeman taking over the investigation; there are however another two timelines corresponding to the 1950s, and to the actual war period.
Cast
Production
A film adaptation of Joaquín Leguina's novel Tu nombre envenena mis sueños, the screenplay was penned by Ricardo Franco and Pilar Miró. The film was produced by Sogetel/Central de Producciones Audiovisuales and it had the participation of Sogepaq and Canal Plus. Javier Aguirresarobe was responsible for cinematography, José Nieto for the music, and for film editing. Rafael Díaz-Salgado, José Luis Olaizola and Fernando de Garcillán were credited as producers.
Release
The film was presented at the 44th San Sebastián International Film Festival in September 1996, the same year as The Dog in the Manger, another film directed by Miró, who would die about a year later. Distributed by UIP, it opened in Spanish theatres on 27 September 1996.
Reception
David Rooney of Variety deemed the film to be a "mediocre period detective thriller", "more sleep-inducing than intoxicating".
Augusto Martínez Torres of El País considered that the story would have probably been more interesting if it had focused on developing the (richer) personality of the woman, rather than on the point of view of the man.
See also
List of Spanish films of 1996
References
Bibliography
Films set in the 1940s
Films set in Spain
Spanish thriller films
1996 thriller films
Spanish films about revenge
Films set in Madrid
1990s Spanish-language films
Films based on Spanish novels
1990s Spanish films
Humberto Luís Rodrigues Barbosa, (born 8 August 1961 in Funchal, Madeira) is a Portuguese nutritionist.
He completed his college education in England in 1983 when he obtained a PhD in nutrition.
In 1983 he submitted to the Academy of Sciences of Rome a scientific thesis in Psychology and Nutrition, and was awarded a merit gold medal in Psycho-Biological Sciences.
In 1986 he published in book that thesis in Portugal, as an author's Edition "Nutrition - The Science of Health" (Barbosa, Humberto - "Nutrition - The Science of Health". Lisbon: Nave, [D.L. 1988]. 123 p.).
In 1992 he founded a nutrition clinic in Parede, municipality of Cascais, Portugal, where he introduced in 1997 the specialty of Orthomolecular Nutrition. In 1999 this clinic was franchised and under his clinical direction other units were opened throughout the country (Portugal-Mainland and Islands) and one in Spain (Madrid).
He created a method in nutritional psychology he called "Consultation of Nutrition, Weight Control, Alimentary Re-education and Revitalization" for which he obtained, in 2002, the Qualicert certificate, Certificate of Conformity No. 9332/38/61600/SO102, awarded by SGS ICS – International Certification Services. That was the first quality certification awarded in Portugal in that same field.
In 2007, after more than 20 years of professional practice in the nutritional-care, he published his second book about the Portuguese eating habits and need for alimentary re-education ().
He regularly participates in radio and television thematic shows, besides being a chronicler in several publications in social media like VIP Magazine, and in specialty publications like "Health and Wellness".
Currently he continues his clinical practice and research on nutrition and anti-aging treatments in Parede, at his clinic "Clínica do Tempo".
Selected publications
Books
References
External links
Official Website, Clínica do Tempo
Official Website, Dr. Humberto Barbosa
25 YEARS Dr. Humberto Barbosa
UBI, Nutrition Faculty of Health Sciences
Fama, Interview with Humberto Barbosa
Máxima, Always in shape
nucase, Humberto Barbosa and "the elixir of eternal youth"
Portuguese nutritionists
1961 births
Living people
People from Cascais
People from Funchal
The Queensland Derby is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-olds at, set weights, run over a distance of 2400 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse, Brisbane, Australia in June during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival. Total prize money is A$1,000,000.
Due to track reconstruction of Eagle Farm Racecourse for the 2014–15 racing season, the event was transferred to Doomben Racecourse with a shorter distance of 2200 metres.
History
The race was first run at the Gayndah Racecourse in 1868, before moving to Eagle Farm in 1871.
Race was held twice in 1870, Grafton winning both runnings.
Venue
2015 - Doomben Racecourse
2017 - Doomben Racecourse 2200m
Winners
2022 - Pinarello
2021 - Kukeracha
2020 - ‡race not held
2019 - Mr Quickie
2018 - Dark Dream
2017 - Ruthven
2016 - Eagle Way
2015 - Magicool
2014 - Sonntag
2013 - Hawkspur
2012 - Brambles
2011 - Shootoff
2010 - Dariana
2009 - Court Ruler
2008 - Riva San
2007 - Empires Choice
2006 - Ice Chariot
2005 - Lachlan River
2004 - Toulouse Lautrec
2003 - Half Hennessy
2002 - County Tyrone
2001 - De Gaulle Lane
2000 - Freemason
1999 - Camarena
1998 - Dodge
1997 - Yippyio
1996 - Valance
1995 - Turridu
1994 - Tenor
1993 - Air Seattle
1992 - Royal Magic
1991 - Dorset Downs
1990 - Rough Habit
1989 - Hidden Rhythm
1988 - Bravery
1987 - Princess Gracious
1986 - Handy Proverb
1985 - Tristina
1984 - Librici
1983 - Strawberry Road
1982 - Our Planet
1981 - Mr. Cromwell
1980 - Kingston Town
1979 - Double Century
1978 - Lefroy
1977 - Florissa
1976 - Cheyne Walk
1975 - Bottled Sunshine
1974 - Count Rapier
1973 - Analie
1972 - race not held
1971 - Amby's Love
1970 - Silver Sharpe
1969 - Intrepid Clipper
1968 - Tails
1967 - Minto Crag
1966 - Dark Briar
1965 - Bahram Star
1964 - Royal Sovereign
1963 - Confidence
1962 - Honest Man
1961 - Raajpoot
1960 - Persian Lyric
1959 -Travel Boy
1958 - Earlwood
1957 - Tulloch
1956 - Book Link
1955 - Regal Dignity
1954 - The Wash
1953 - Castillo
1952 - Headstockman
1951 - Forest Beau
1950 - Basha Felika
1949 - Pocket Money
1948 - Blue Slipper
1947 - Sefiona
1946 - Te Tana
1942–45 - race not held
1941 - Lord Spear
1940 - Fearless Fox
1939 - Spearace
1938 - Hendra Lad
1937 - Spear Chief
1936 - Six Fifty
1935 - Auto Buz
1934 - Glen's Spear
1933 - Waikare
1932 - Braeburn
1931 - Lough Neagh
1930 - Monash Valley
1929 - Bernfield
1928 - Paddi Eve
1927 - High Syce
1926 - Kitty Paddington
1925 - Wee Glen
1924 - Serelot
1923 - Ardglen
1922 - Kingslot
1921 - Lawn Mower
1920 - Seremist
1919 - Boy Syce
1918 - Syce Lad
1917 - Symposium
1916 - Lord Acre
1915 - Rascasse
1914 - Fog Bell
1913 - Signal Lamp
1912 - King Cleo
1911 - Maritoria
1910 - Persian Jewel
1909 - Braw Laddie
1908 - Flaxen
1907 - Euroa
1906 - Togo
1905 - Alexis
1904 - Joyance
1903 - Fitz Grafton
1902 - Balfour
1901 - Narelle
1900 - Musket
1899 - Master Bernie
1898 - Boreas II
1897 - The Guard
1896 - Greyleg
1895 - Black Diamond
1894 - Czarina
1893 - Triton
1892 - Tridentate
1891 - Splendide
1890 - Garuda
1889 - Fernando
1888 - Greywing
1887 - Lord Headington
1886 - Fano
1885 - Elbe
1884 - Petronel
1883 - Wheatmeat
1882 - Goldfinder
1881 - Legerdemain
1880 - Waterloo
1879 - Elastic
1878 - Whisker
1873–77 - race not held
1872 - J.L.
1871 - Florence
1870 - Grafton
1870 - Grafton
1869 - Zambesi
1868 - Hermit
‡ Not held because of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Group 1 stakes races in Australia
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
The Western House, also known as the Brighton Hotel, is a former hotel and boarding house at 500 West Main Street in Brighton, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The building now houses the Brewery Becker.
History
Brighton was first settled in 1832, and became an established stagecoach stop and market center for southeastern Livingston County. In 1871, the Detroit, Lansing and Northern Railroad constructed a line through Brighton, which brought an economic boom to the city. To take advantage of the transient population brought by the railroad, Asa
Rounsifer constructed the building in 1873 as a hotel near the depot. Rounsifer was a Dutch immigrant and local farmer. Possibly due to the Panic of 1873, the Rounsifer family suffered financial setbacks and in 1874 sold the hotel to Johannah and A.W. Smith, who renamed it the Western House and added a livery stable to the property. A few years later the hotel was purchased by Joseph B. Skilbeck, an English boot and shoe manufacturer.
The hotel was later purchased by Sarah and LeRoy King and was a financial success as a hotel, restaurant, and social center for parties, until Brighton decided to go dry in 1908. The Western House remained in business as a boarding house with an occasional restaurant, although the halting of rail passenger service in 1948 reduced its customer base. In later years it was a bar and rooming house. In 1985, the building was rehabilitated to provide office space on the ground level and rooms for rent on the upper floors. In 2011, plans began to refurbish the building into a microbrewery. The Brewery Becker opened in 2014.
Description
The Western House is a three-story roughly cubical Italianate brick structure standing on a corner lot. It has a high degree of architectural integrity for a building from this time period, maintaining a simple cornice, and the original arrangement of doors and windows in the main facades. Pilasters run up the corners and frame the central bay of the five-bay wide front facade, and a belt course separates the first and second floors. The windows are symmetrically placed, with fully arched windows on the first floor, segmentally arched windows on the second floor, and rectangular windows on the third. The doors have fanlights above.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County, Michigan
Italianate architecture in Michigan
Hotel buildings completed in 1873
Ursula Werner (; born 28 September 1943) is a German actress.
Biography
Born in Eberswalde, Werner grew up in the Prenzlauer Berg district of Berlin. After studying at the Staatliche Schauspielschule Berlin (Berlin State Drama College), she obtained her first roles in the Halle Opera House, and in the Berlin cabaret "Die Distel".
From 1974 to 2009, Werner was a permanent member of the Maxim-Gorki-Theater in Berlin. She also made guest appearances on the Gorki stage. She is particularly remembered for her role of Dr. Unglaube in the 1977 film Ein irrer Duft von frischem Heu ("A Terrific Scent of Fresh Hay"). From 2001 to 2007, she played a permanent secondary character in the Schloss Einstein series.
Following several minor roles in film and on TV, she took the leading role for Andreas Dresen's 2008 film Wolke 9 ("Cloud 9") where she played the part of a woman in her late sixties who leaves her older husband for an even older man. For this unusual role, Werner received the 2009 German Film Award (Lola) for the best female leading role.
Werner lives in Berlin. Her next film, Wintervater, where she plays the role of Lene, is in post-production and will be released in 2011.
Filmography
Films
Her film credits most notably include Cloud 9, Am anderen Ende, Willenbrock, Policewoman and .
1962: Wind von vorn
1967: Frau Venus und ihr Teufel
1969: Seine Hoheit: Genosse Prinz
1970: Netzwerk
1970: Fiete Stein
1970: Weil ich dich liebe
1973: Zement
1974: Der nackte Mann auf dem Sportplatz
1976: Die Trauerrede und andere heitere Begebenheiten
1976: Ein altes Modell
1977: Ein irrer Duft von frischem Heu
1977: Unterwegs nach Atlantis
1978: Ein Kolumbus auf der Havel
1980:
1981: Bürgschaft für ein Jahr
1983:
1984: Ich liebe Victor
1984: Drei Schwestern
1985: Meine Frau Inge und meine Frau Schmidt
1985: Der verzauberte Weihnachtsmann
1986: Die Herausforderung
1987: Vater gesucht
1987: Jan Oppen
1987: Märchenzirkus
1988: Stunde der Wahrheit
1989:
1990: König Phantasios
1991: Scheusal
1991: Lord Hansi
2000:
2002: Hundsköpfe
2004: Saniyes Lust
2004: Oegeln
2004: Land's End
2005:
2008: Narrenspiel
2008: Cloud 9
2008: Über Wasser gehen
2009: Am anderen Ende
2012: Two Lives
Television
Her television credits include Schloss Einstein and Einzug ins Paradies.
1975: Broddi
1975–1989: Polizeiruf 110: Ein Fall ohne Zeugen
1978: Polizeiruf 110: Schuldig
1987: Einzug ins Paradies
1989: Polizeiruf 110: Drei Flaschen Tokajer
2001: Liebesau: Die andere Heimat
2001–2007: Schloss Einstein
2019: Hanna
Awards
1989 Goethepreis der Stadt Berlin(Goethe Prize of the City-State of Berlin)
2008 Nominierungen für den Bambi 2008 als beste Schauspielerin International und Europäischen Filmpreis 2008 als Beste Darstellerin für Wolke Neun(Nominated for the Bambi Award as Best Female Performer-International and Best Actress at the European Film Awards for Cloud 9)
2008 Prix Tudor Best Female Performance in Geneva Cinéma Tout Ecran(Prix Tudor for Best Female Performance at the Geneva Cinéma Tout Ecran)
2008 "Coup de Coeur" at the Internationalen Filmfestspielen von Cannes.(Coup de Coeur at the Cannes Film Festival)
2008 Bayerischer Filmpreis as Beste Darstellerin für Wolke Neun(Best Actress at the Bavarian Film Festival for Cloud 9)
2009: Deutscher Filmpreis 2009 as Beste Hauptdarstellerin für Wolke Neun.(Best Actress in a starring role for Cloud 9-German Film Awards 2009)
References
External links
Official website
Film festival Max Ophüls Preis
Franziska v. Mutius: "Berühmtsein ist auch eine Belastung" – Interview in Berliner Morgenpost, 28 May 2009, p. 28
Interview at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival at Arte Kultur
Ich bin ein fröhlicher Mensch - biography
1943 births
German film actresses
German television actresses
Living people
Ernst Busch Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
Best Actress German Film Award winners
People from Eberswalde
Actresses from Berlin
20th-century German actresses
21st-century German actresses
Saul K. Fenster was the sixth president of New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) from 1978 until 2002.
Education
Fenster got his BS from City College of New York, MS from Columbia University, and PhD in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan.
Career
Before joining NJIT, Fenster served Fairleigh Dickinson University in faculty and administrative capacities, including six years as provost of the Rutherford campus. Dr. Fenster taught a number of mechanical engineering courses at the Teaneck campus and was Head of the M.E. department in the late 1960s.
Honors
He is a Fellow of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the American Society for Engineering Education. He is also a member of Tau Beta Pi, the engineering honors society.
References
External links
'New Jersey Institute of Technology : Press Releases - NJIT President Saul K. Fenster Announces His Retirement After Serving 23 Years'
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Jersey Institute of Technology people
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
City College of New York alumni
Columbia University alumni
Fairleigh Dickinson University faculty
Fellows of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Fellows of the American Society for Engineering Education
C. Abdul Hakeem College is a government aided private college for arts and science located in Melvisharam, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the oldest colleges in Ranipet district, affiliated to Thiruvalluvar University. The National Assessment and Accreditation Council has conferred A grade. Currently it offers 31 Courses at Under-Graduate level, 6 Courses at Post-Graduate level and Ph.D. programs. It was granted autonomous status by University Grants Commission with effect from 2014–2015 to 2019–2020.
History
The C. Abdul Hakeem College was established in the year 1965 by the Melvisharam Muslim Educational Society (MMES) which was founded in 1918 by Late Nawab C. Abdul Hakeem. He was a businessman, philanthropist, one of the natives of Melvisharam and one time Sheriff of Madras. MMES started off with Primary, Secondary and Higher Education for people irrespective of caste, creed, community or social status. Presently, MMES manages 11 institutions from kindergarten school to a first grade college with five postgraduate departments and three research departments. They include M.M.E.S. arts and science college for women and C. Abdul Hakeem College of Engineering & Technology.
The college was instituted in the year 1965 with just Pre-University Course, in the local orphanage buildings. Subsequently, the M.M.E.S. acquired a site of more than , on the eastern outskirts of the town, on the Chennai-Bangalore Trunk road, and constructed buildings to house the college and the hostels.
Campus
The college campus is spread over an area of about . The college has a double story building with different blocks which accommodate all the classrooms, office rooms, principal's chambers, separate staff rooms for various departments, laboratories, toilets, etc. Although there are a sizable number of academic departments, the facilities are mostly shared. There is an auditorium which is also used for social, cultural, academic and government sponsored programs. A branch of the Centurion Bank with ATM facility is located in the nearby campus of the engineering college run by the same management. A sub-post office is functioning in the college campus. Although the institution is four decades old, the open land is to be fully converted into gardens or other useful buildings. Significant amount of rainwater is harvested using rainwater harvesting facility.
Courses
Government aided courses
Undergraduate programs
Bachelor of Arts in History
Bachelor of Commerce Corporate Secretaryship
Bachelor of Commerce
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics
Bachelor of Science in Physics
Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
Bachelor of Science in Zoology
Postgraduate programs
Master of Arts, History
Master of Science in Mathematics
Master of Science in Zoology
Master of Science in Chemistry
Master of Commerce
Self-financing courses
Undergraduate programs
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science
Bachelor of Computer Application
Bachelor of Science, Bio-Chemistry
Bachelor of Commerce
Bachelor of Business Administration
Bachelor of Science in Zoology
Postgraduate programs
Master of Arts, History
Master of Science, Bio-Technology
Master of Philosophy, Mathematics
Master of Philosophy, Commerce
Master of Philosophy, History
Master of Philosophy, Chemistry
Master of Philosophy, Zoology
Ph.D, Zoology
Ph.D, History
Examinations
The exams are conducted as per Thiruvalluvar University exam regulations and codes. The question papers are drafted by the affiliated university and the answer papers are evaluated by a common evaluation method.
Research and development
The college houses Aquatic Animal Health Laboratory the first OIE Reference Laboratory in India for white tail diseases primarily caused by White spot syndrome virus. Research is also done in the areas of materials, polymer chemistry, biodiversity, and other science topics.
Student life
The college has three National Service Scheme (NSS) units with 155 cadets. These NSS units are subjected to community development, social work, health and hygiene awareness, medical camp, adult education and literacy, blood donation camp, AIDS awareness, environment awareness, etc. Three villages have been adopted for executing extension activities. The extension activities are planned and executed in collaboration with governmental organizations including the District Collectorate, District Employment office, District Industries Centre, Public Health Department, Police Department, Pollution Control Board, Town Panchayaths and NGOs.
Students have participated and won in several academic competitions and sports events. A number of other student clubs also exist to engage students in extra-curricular and co-curricular activities. So of them are,
Tamil Association
English Association
Computer Association
Mathematics Association
Physics Association
Commerce & Accountancy Association
See also
List of universities in India
Universities and colleges in India
Education in India
University Grants Commission (India)
List of Tamil Nadu Government's Educational Institutions
References
External links
Official website
Controller of Examinations
Universities and colleges in Vellore district
Education in Vellore
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in Madras State
Colleges affiliated to Thiruvalluvar University
Academic institutions formerly affiliated with the University of Madras
Cebu International School (CIS), was founded as the Cebu American School in 1924, and renamed in 1973. It is a co-educational day school, non-profit, non-sectarian institution, governed by a ten-member Board of Trustees. The current legal status of the school is defined in Republic Act No. 9190 (2003). English is the language of instruction at CIS.
From its original location in a villa in Gorordo Avenue, Cebu, the school moved to Banilad, (opposite Cebu Country Club), and then, in 2000, relocated to the present purpose-built campus the northern suburb of Pit-os, Cebu City.
In the 2007/8 School Year, CIS attained full international accreditation status through the Council of International Schools (CIS), the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC); as well as being authorized and recognized by the Philippine Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (PAASCU) and the Department of Education (DepEd) within the Philippines. CIS is also a full member of the East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools (EARCOS).
Cebu International School is an authorized IB World School, offering the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme (IBDP) from 1999, and the IB Primary Years Programme (PYP) from January 2014.
Cebu International School hosted a joint re-accreditation/re-authorization visit by CIS, WASC and the IB in September 2017.
References
External links
International Baccalaureate Organisation
Council of International Schools
Accrediting Commission for Schools Western Association of Schools and Colleges
East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools
Philippine Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities
East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools
International schools in the Philippines
International Baccalaureate schools in the Philippines
Schools in Cebu City
Educational institutions established in 1924
1924 establishments in the Philippines
İlyas is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Las Cheris was a Puerto Rican girl group of the early 1980s and 1990s. It was composed of four girls aged 16 to 25. His Manager and owner of the group was Mr. Juan Rivera Muriente
After Menudo's worldwide success, many other bands in Latin America, and particularly in Puerto Rico, tried to emulate Menudo's success, including girl bands. Las Cheris was one of these bands and Fresitas and Monedas were other ones. Las Cheris and Monedas, for example, pointed out in such magazines as Vea and others, that they wanted to be the "female version of Menudo".
Las Cheris enjoyed popularity on Puerto Rican radio and TV from 1983 to 1990. After that period, they faded away. However, one of them, Melina León, is now enjoying success as an international merengue singer. Mariadony Class, another member of the group, is the daughter of another Puerto Rican singer, José Miguel Class.
References
External links
Information about Melina Leon
American pop girl groups
Puerto Rican musical groups
The Orfeo programme is an agreement to implement co-operation for setting up an Earth observation capability using optical and radar sensors, and mainly to define the context in which the dual-purpose system (military and civilian) is to be developed and used. It is currently composed of 6 high-resolution satellites: 4 Cosmo-Skymed X-band satellites from Italy, and 2 Pleiades optical satellites from France.
Spain, Belgium, Sweden and Austria will also be users of this system.
External links
CNES article about Orfeo
Alenia Spazio (Finmeccanica) COSMO-Skymed webpage
European Space Agency
Spaceflight
Life Among the Ruins is the fifth full-length studio album by US heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It was released in 1993, after almost five years of inactivity. The song "Snakeskin Voodoo Man" was present only in the American release and was instead released as a single in 1992 in Europe, at the same time of the VHS Tale of the Snakeskin Voodoo Man. The VHS featured videos for "Snakeskin Voodoo Man", "Love Is Pain", "Invitation-I Dress in Black" and "Cage of Angels-Never Believed in Good-Bye", interviews and backstage footage. The music of this album is bluesy hard rock and melodic metal, more similar to early Whitesnake's recordings than the epic power metal of albums like Noble Savage and the following The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part I. This is the first album with bassist Rob DeMartino, who replaced Joe O'Reilly, retired from the scene.
Track listing
All lyrics by David DeFeis, music as indicated
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - vocals, keyboards
Ed Pursino - all guitars, bass
Rob DeMartino - bass
Joey Ayvazian - drums
Additional musicians
Teddy Cook - bass on tracks 2, 5, 8, 9, 10, 12
Dave Ferrara - lead guitar on track 11
Production
Virgin Steele - producers on tracks 1, 3, 6, 7, 8, 11
DeFeis / Pursino - producers on tracks 2, 4, 5, 9, 10, 12, 14
DeFeis / Chris Bubacz - producers on tracks 13, 15
References
1993 albums
Virgin Steele albums
The Mandalay City Development Committee (; abbreviated MCDC) is the administrative body of Mandalay, the second largest city in Myanmar (Burma). MCDC has wide-ranging responsibilities, including city planning, land administration, tax collection, and urban development. MCDC raises its own revenues through tax collection, fees, licenses and property development. MCDC's chairman acts as Mayor of Mandalay, and sits as Regional Minister for the Government of Mandalay Region. MCDC's mission is to make the city clean, to keep the city beautiful, and to enable city dwellers to enjoy a pleasant life.
History
MCDC was established first established by the State Law and Order Restoration Council's 1992 City of Mandalay Development Law. In 2002, the said law was repealed by State Peace and Development Council and replaced with the 2002 City of Mandalay Development Law. Mandalay Region Hluttaw enacted the new MCDC law in 2014 December. MCDC was formed by the Mandalay Regional Government, and legally comprises 13 to 15 members, including a Chairman who acts as the Minister (Mayor), and a Vice-Chairman, who acts as the Vice-Mayor.
Departments
Administration Department
Motor Transport & Workshop Department
Market and Slaughter House Department
Finance Department
Revenue Department
Cleansing Department
Playgrounds, Parks and Gardens Department
Building and Central Stores Department
Roads and Bridges Department
Water and Sanitation Department
Urban Planning and Land Administration Department
Public Relations and Information Department
Inspection Department
Agriculture and Livestock Breeding Department
Projects
In 2017, the Mandalay City Development Committee approved a public-private partnership with Mandalay Business Capital City Development Company (MBCCD), owned by Maung Weik, for a 10-year mega-development project in Amarapura, projected to include hotels, hospitals, schools, jetties, shopping centres, gardens and apartment buildings on a plot of allocated by the Mandalay city government.
Gallery
See also
Mandalay
Mandalay Region
Mayor of Mandalay
Yangon City Development Committee
Naypyidaw Development Committee
Mandalay Convention Centre
References
Government agencies of Myanmar
Mandalay
Ahane () is a small townland approximately west/northwest of Brosna village in County Kerry. It is close to the border with County Limerick. The area consists mostly of dairy farms. As of the 2011 census, it had a population of 32 people in 11 houses. Ahane townland is in the historic barony of Trughanacmy, and has an area of approximately .
References
Townlands of County Kerry
Reza Shirmarz (Persian رضا شیرمرز), is a Greece-based published and awarded playwright, translator, researcher, theatre director and essayist with more than 30 books both written and translated by him, who has been collaborating with major publishing companies, theaters, drama schools, radio channels, journals, etc. in Iran. Reza Shirmarz was elected as a member of the board of directors of Iran's Playwrights Guild for 3 ongoing years. He has also been a professional member of bodies such as Iran's Playwrights Guild, PEN America and Dramatists Guild of America. He also is a language specialist and a full member of Chartered Institute of Linguists (CIOL) in London.
Early life
Reza Shirmarz was born in Khoy and raised in Tehran, the capital city of Iran. His father was a ground force general with no interest in art. Shirmarz is bilingual, speaking Persian and Turkish since childhood. He is left-handed.
Shirmarz has been influenced by great modern and classic writers and thinkers since his childhood. His siblings were all well-educated, and he was particularly influenced by his brother who was a movie fan and now is a script-writer and film director, as well as by his sister's interest in social sciences especially sociology. He began to read Persian classic literature, especially Rumi, when he was a teen. He also was quite fascinated by modern short stories, particularly the works of great modern Iranian writer, Sadegh Hedayat. He began to read intensively the non-Persian literature after a couple of years. This was the first step for him to get familiar with western literature. Later on, Shirmarz began to read more of ancient and modern drama which strengthened his creative imagination. Such an intensive reading assisted him in his playwriting and translation career in the coming years. He said once: "Reading and translation were like workshops I attended in order to learn how to create drama." Poetry is another branch of literature that the Iranian author and artist has pursued throughout his life. In addition to Iranian classic and modern poets, Shirmarz attempted to go meticulously through the eastern and western poetry as well. In the coming years he wrote a book on modern English poets T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound and William Butler Yeats.
Career overview
Reza Shirmarz wrote several plays of which two -Cinnamon Stars and Crystal Vines- were celebrated on a national scale in Fajr International Theater Festival and Iran's National Playwriting Contest. He also translated tens of plays and books by famous world dramatists and authors, including Aristophanes (11 plays), Menanderus (1 play), Plautus (20 plays), Terentius (2 plays), George Bernard Shaw (7 plays), Edward Bond (1 play), Somerset Maugham (5 plays), Terence Rattigan (2 plays), Clifford Odets (2 plays), Iakovos Kambanellis (6 plays), John Mortimer (5 plays), Arthur Watkyns & J.A. Ferguson, Edward Albee, Marjorie Bolton, Jean Paul Sartre, Jean Anouilh, etc. He is mostly specialised in theater and philosophy. His last book on Robert Wilson, well-known American theater director, was published in 2015 by Ghatreh publishing company in Tehran. One of his recent translations from Greek into Persian was Aristotle's Poetics which was published in 2018 in Tehran by a major publishing company called Ghoghnoos. Although some of his works were already published at the time of President Mohammad Khatami, they have been constantly censored and banned by the Iranian official authorities since the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinezhad, but he never gave up creating new pieces of art and translating drama and philosophy into Persian. More than six of his works, such as Cinnamon Stars, Crystal Vines, Deep Blue Sea, Yellow Snow Falls, etc. are officially announced as forbidden to be published and distributed. One of his translations is The Big knife by Clifford Odets which has been prohibited for more than a decade.
Migration
Reza Shirmarz moved to Greece in 2010 to do research on ancient Greek culture and civilization, learn Greek language while studying at the university of Athens and translate Greek theatrical and philosophical works into Persian directly from Greek. Six plays of Iakovos Kambanellis were the first series of theatrical works he translated directly from Greek language into Persian. He received a scholarship from the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs with the effort and assistance of Konstantinos Passalis, the cultural deputy of Greek embassy in Iran in 2009.
He has been translating the complete works of Aristotle into Persian language of which the first volume (The Poetics) was published in 2017. The book was sold out in a short time and was republished in 2020. Reza Shirmarz announced in one of his recent interviews that he is translating the eight books of Aristotle into Persian at the moment along with other projects he is carrying out. He said that Rhetoric is going to be published soon by major Iranian publishing company called Ghoghnoos. In addition to his research and translation activities, Shirmarz wrote several plays such as Immigrants, The Corners of Death, The Pipe, Tsunami, etc. in English while living in Greece. His play Immigrants was translated into Greece a couple of years ago.
Plays
Cinnamon Stars (celebrated play in Fajr International Theater Festival and National Playwriting Competition, published by Namayesh Publication Center, 2007). This play was given a reading in the National Theater located in Tehran. Next year the playwright attempted to direct it with a professional crew, but the performance was banned by official authorities after long rehearsals.
Crystal Vines (celebrated play in Fajr International Theater Festival and published by Namayesh Publication Center, 2008). This play was read in National Theater as well, but banned at the time of performance as well in 2009.
My Hands (published in Theater Magazine, 2009)
Deep Blue Sea (published in a literary magazine called Payab, 2010)
Meeting (2011)
Yellow Snow Falls (2012) (published in a literary magazine called Payab, 2011)
The Corners of Death (2013), a modern four-part play
Acharnon Street Vulture (2014)
Lanterns Are Weeping (2014), the third part of the trilogy called Cinnamon Stars
Immigrants (2015, English); this one-act play was translated into Greek by Nikos Anastasopoulos in 2016.
Tsunami (2016)
The Pipe (2019)
Muzzled (2022): This play is a response to Samuel Beckett's Catastrophe, a short play which was written in support of dissident Czech Vaclav Havel. Muzzled was published by Index on Censorship on January 12, 2022. Catastrophe by Beckett and Mistake by Havel were published together by Index in 1984. Muzzled was also published by Index in the 50th anniversary birthday of the Sage journal in January 2022.
Books
Stage Speech: Practical Exercises, published by Ghatreh Publication Company, 1st edition in 2012 and 12th edition in 2020.
I think through my eyes, on Robert Wilson's Visual Theater, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2015.
Comedy (forthcoming)
The Philosophy of Theater (forthcoming)
Translations
The Bad-Tempered, Menander, Sooreh University Press, 2000.
The complete plays of Aristophanes: Acharnians, The Knights, The Clouds, The Wasps, Peace, Lysistrata, The Birds, The Frogs, Thesmophoriazuse, Ecclesiazuse, and Plutus, in Seven volumes, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2015.
The complete plays of Plautus: Amphitryon, The Comedy of Asses, The Pot of Gold, Two Bacchides, Casket, Curculio, Epidicus, Menaachi, Merchant, Braggart Soldier, Haunted House, The Girl From Persia, Carthaginians, Psudolous, The Rope, Stichus, Trinummus, Triculentus, Casina & The Captives, in three volumes, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2002.
The Anatomy of Drama, Marjourie Boulton, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 1st edition in 2003 & 4th edition in 2013.
Stage for Speech, by Evangeline Machlin, Ghatreh Publishing Company, First edition 2003 & 10th 2013.
Seven One-act plays by George Bernard Shaw: How He Lied to Her Husband, The Glimpse of Reality, Augustus Does His Bit, Passion Poison & Petrifaction, The Shewing-Up of Blanco Posnet, The Dark Lady of the Sonnets, Annajanska The Bolshevik Empress, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2007.
Great Peace by Edward Bond, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2009.
Golden boy, Clifford Odets, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2009.
Essays on Aesthetics, by Jean-Paul Sartre, 1st edition in 2001 & 6th edition in 2005, Ahange Digar Publication, 2009.
Evoking Shakespeare by Peter Brook, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2009.
Orchestra & The Dye-Hard, two one-act plays by Jean Anhoui and Harold Brighouse, Ghatreh Publishing Company. 2009.
The Boy Comes Home & The Londonderry air, two plays by A. A. Milne & Rachel Field, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
He & His Trousers & The Wrong Man & Woman by Iakovos Kambanellis, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
Sheppy by Somerset Maugham, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
The World Encyclopedia of Contemporary Theater, Volume 5: Asia/Pacific, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010, celebrated as the best educational book of the year in Roshd Book Festival.
Ancient Roman Comedies: Andria & Phormio by Terence, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
The Dock Brief & Women at War, two plays by John Mortimer and Edward Percy, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
Browning Version & Adventure Story by Terence Rattigan, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2010.
Letter to Orestes & Thebes Sidestreets by Iakovos Kambanellis, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2011.
Characters for Violin and Orchestra by Iakovos Kambanellis, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2011.
Such Stuff As Dreams & Wanted, Mr Stuart!, two plays by J.A. Ferguson and Arthur Watkyn, Ghatreh Publishing Company, 2012.
Poetics by Aristotles, from Greek language, Ghoghnoos Publishing Company,1st edition 2017, 2nd edition 2020.
Rhetoric by Aristotles, from Greek language (forthcoming)
Articles and essays
The Post-modern Literature of Samuel Beckett, in Kelk Literary Magazine, Tehran, 2004.
An Analytical View on "The Clouds", A Comedy by Aristophanes, in Hamshahri Philosophical Magazine, Tehran, 2007.
Structural Analysis of Aristophanes' Comedy-writing, in Tehran University, Tehran, 2008.
Iakovos Kambanellis, A Contemporary Greek playwright, in Directors' Center Book, 1st volume, 2012.
Theater and Phenomenology, in Directors' Center Book, 2nd volume, 2013.
Dramatic Interaction, The Linguist, Vol 54/N 1, Chartered Institute of Linguists, 2015.
Dancing in Chain, The Linguist, Vol 54/N 5, Chartered Institute of Linguists, 2015.
A Short Review of Children Theater in Greece, Theater Magazine, 2015.
Stage Design in Greek Theater, Theater Magazine, 2015.
An Introduction to Contemporary Greek Theater, Theater Magazine, 2015.
Desperate Liaisons, The Linguist, Vol 55/N 2, Chartered Institute of Linguists, 2016.
Theater Architecture in Modern Greece, Theater Magazine, 2016.
Playwriting in Modern Greece, Theater Magazine, 2016.
What Does Theater Mean, Theater Magazine, 2017.
An Introduction to Contemporary Theater of Egypt, Theater Magazine, 2017.
Collaborations
Reza Shirmarz translated two essays on African rituals and their theatrical aspects which were published as parts of a book called Drama and Religion published in Fajr International Theater Festival by Iran's Performing arts center in 2007. He has been also active in various Iranian radio channels as writer, translator and narrator for more than a decade. Shirmarz has adapted and translated more than 100 dramatic works to be performed in radio and has been active as a theater critic as well for several years. Despite all his artistic efforts in Iranian mainstream theater and media, he and his colleagues were deprived of their activities at the time of Mahmood Ahmadinezhad, the extremely fundamentalist Iranian president who was elected in year 2009. Shirmarz was also active in the administrative part of Fajr International Theater Festival for three years at the time of reformist Iranian president Mohammad Khatami from 2001 to 2004. He has worked with several literary or theatrical magazines (Kelk, Theater, Payab, etc.), journals (The Linguist in London), newspapers (Hamshahri, Farhikhtegan, Shargh, Jame'e, etc.), news agencies (IBNA, ISNA, etc.) for almost two decades since the outset of his career. He has also been giving speeches and lectures as a playwright, theater director, researcher, theorist and critic in different performing arts centers in Iran, mostly in Tehran. Reza Shirmarz became an honorary member of Vanagahan Theater Group in Iran and conducted a number of voice and speech workshops for the actors of the group. He also performed some vocal parts of some of the performances of the group in three languages a couple of years ago.
Memberships
A full member of Chartered Institute of Linguists (CIOL) in London
A full member of Iran's Playwrights Guild
A full of PEN America
A professional member of Dramatists Guild of America
A board member of Iran's Playwrights Guild
References
Living people
Iranian translators
Iranian dramatists and playwrights
Iranian essayists
Iranian theatre directors
Vocal coaches
Speech coaches
Iranian writers
1974 births
Persian-language poets
Nowhere Generation II is an EP by American punk rock band, Rise Against. It was released as a continuation to their ninth studio album, Nowhere Generation, on June 10, 2022; just over a year after the release of Nowhere Generation. The EP was produced by the band's longtime producers, Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore, with the addition of Andrew Berlin and Chris Beeble. It was promoted by the single, "Last Man Standing".
Background
Recording for Nowhere Generation began in May 2019, but the band had chosen to take a more relaxed approach to the songwriting, which ultimately took much longer. Combined with the COVID-19 pandemic, this ultimately resulted in recording wrapping in mid 2020. Many of the themes addressed in this songwriting focused on how the younger generations navigates the world that has been given to them. Upon completion, the band had sixteen songs for Nowhere Generation, but ultimately chose to break this song apart into two separate releases. In a press statement, the band's frontman, Tim McIlrath, explained that this was done in order to keep the music and messages from not being lost."I think this is, hopefully, a more effective way to give these issues the platform and the spotlight that they rightly deserve. We wanted to hold onto these and give them to our fans when we feel like they've had time to properly digest this first batch, so these songs were the aces up our sleeves." - Tim Mcllrath
Release
The album, Nowhere Generation, released on June 4, 2021, but Nowhere Generation II was held back from release for just over a year. During that time, the band went on tour in support of the album, and also released the EP, Nowhere Sessions: a collection of live recordings of select songs from the album and two covers. On June 6, 2022, the band released the single "Last Man Standing", as well as revealing the EP by offering preorders of it. The EP officially released alongside a music video for "Last Man Standing" on June 10, 2022.
Track listing
All tracks written by Tim Mcllrath, Joe Principe, Brandon Barnes, and Zach Blair, except where noted.
Personnel
Rise Against
Tim McIlrath – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Zach Blair – lead guitar, backing vocals
Joe Principe – bass guitar, backing vocals
Brandon Barnes – drums, percussion
Production
Bill Stevenson – production, engineer
Jason Livermore – production, engineer, mixing
Andrew Berlin – production, engineer
Chris Beeble – production, engineer
Ted Jensen – mastering
Jonathan Luginbill - engineer
Additional musicians
Chad Price - backing vocals
References
Rise Against albums
Loma Vista Recordings albums
2022 EPs
David G. Bewley (22 September 1920 – 6 March 2013) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back for several teams in the Football League. He was born in Bournemouth, England. He died on 6 March 2013. At his death, he was Reading's oldest former player.
References
1920 births
2013 deaths
Sportspeople from Bournemouth
English footballers
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
English Football League players
Aldershot F.C. wartime guest players
Southampton F.C. wartime guest players
Fulham F.C. non-playing staff
Association football fullbacks
Kenneth William Armstrong (27 January 1936 – 5 November 2009) was an Australian rules football player, coach and commentator.
Playing career
Armstrong made his Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) league debut for Perth Football Club in 1955. The same year he played in a premiership-winning team. He played until 1963 when he was transferred for work to Mount Barker.
Coaching career
In three stints in the WANFL (later WAFL) Armstrong coached 265 league games. After coaching Mount Barker with some success in the late 1960s, he returned to Perth where he was a fitness trainer for the WANFL umpires in 1969 and 1970. Rejoining Perth Football Club the following year, he led the Perth reserves team to three successive grand finals, winning premierships in 1971 and 1973.
After being appointed league coach in 1974 he made an immediate impact, making the grand final in 1974. This was followed up by winning the 1976 and 1977 WANFL grand finals. After losing the 1978 grand final, and seeing Perth fall to the lower reaches of the WANFL ladder where they have remained to this day, Armstrong briefly became director of football at Perth, but one game into the 1980 season when Peter Burton resigned left to join WAFL chopping block Subiaco.
Armstrong coached three seasons with the Lions, but won only twelve of sixty-two games: indeed in his last season amidst popular cries of "pity poor Subi", the Lions were on target for a winless season before beating East Fremantle in their seventeenth match. Armstrong, who had never been reported either as a player or coach, was also reported in his third last match for misconduct towards field umpire John Morris after he criticised a decision, but was exonerated. After this disastrous season which had seen calls for a mid-season sacking, Armstrong was not offered another contract by the Lions and left to work as a commentator for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).
Almost a decade after leaving coaching, Armstrong returned to Perth to coach during the 1991 season. He retired from coaching after the 1993 season.
Personal life
Armstrong died in November 2009, aged 73, after a short illness. His son, Gary Armstrong, also played and coached in the WAFL, while a grandson, Steven Armstrong, spent seven seasons in the Australian Football League (AFL).
References
1936 births
2009 deaths
Australian rules football commentators
Perth Football Club players
Perth Football Club coaches
Subiaco Football Club coaches
West Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Karmayodha () is a 2012 Indian Malayalam-language action thriller film co-produced, written and directed by Major Ravi. It features Mohanlal, Asha Sarath, Murali Sharma, Sai Kumar, Mukesh, Bineesh Kodiyeri, Rajeev Pillai and Aishwarya Devan. The soundtrack was composed by M. G. Sreekumar; the background score was provided by Jeffrey Jonathan. The film deals about the illegal activities happening against women. The film received mixed reviews, and was just an average at the box office.
Plot
Madhavan Menon (Maddy) is a ruthless and psychotic investigating officer working with the Mumbai Police. He is an encounter specialist who makes decisions on the spot, without always waiting for orders from the top. His latest assignment is to investigate the missing of a teenage school girl from Mumbai. He reaches Kerala on being tipped off that the girl could be taken to Kerala. In the meantime, another girl gets kidnapped in Kerala, presumably by the same people or people linked to them. There is also information that some other girls too have been kidnapped. Following the leads, Maddy comes to the conclusion that all the girls have been abducted by a Kerala-based sex trafficking racket headed by a psycho criminal named Khais Khanna. Maddy embarks on a mission to eliminate the racket and save the girls, including his daughter, who gets kidnapped, Diya.
Cast
Mohanlal as DCP Madhava Menon IPS aka. "Mad Maddy", Mumbai Police officer
Asha Sarath as Arathi, Maddy's wife
Murali Sharma as Khais Khanna The Main Antagonist
Mukesh as CI Krishnaraj, Kerala Police
Rajeev Pillai as ACP K.Tony IPS, Mumbai Police officer
Sai Kumar as ACP Eepan Devassy IPS, Kerala Police Officer
Pradeep Chandran as Arathi's Bose
Bineesh Kodiyeri as Manu
Riyaz Khan as Sathan Sunny
Shaalin as Renuka
Aishwarya Devan as Saleena
Sona Heiden as Selena Madam
Malavika Nair as Diya
Kannan Pattambi as Thenkasi Selvam (Dubbed by Major Ravi)
Vishnu Hariharan
Sarayu
Sudheer Karamana as Anoop
Anil Murali as Salim
Santosh Sleeba as a police officer
Janardhanan as Narayana Menon
Sukumari as Maddy's mother
Gayathri Varsha as Krisharajs Wife
Jayakrishnan as District Collector Muhammad Riyaz IAS
Bindu Ramakrishnan as Manu's mother
Lakshmi Menon as Divya
Sasi Kalinga as Chachaji
Dr Rony David as City Police Commissioner, Mumbai Police (Voice Dubbed By Vijay Babu)
Production
The pooja ceremony of the film was held on 7 July 2012 at the BTH Sarovaram Hotel in Cochin, India. The film was shot on locations in Mumbai, Cochin, Munnar and Nagercoil. Filming began in August 2012.
Notably, Karmayodha is not set in the military backdrop that had characterised all other Mohanlal–Major Ravi films, such as Keerthi Chakra, Kurukshetra and Kandahar. "Mohanlal's characterisation is similar to Denzel Washington's in the action film Man On Fire, which is about a single man on a mission who doesn't play by the rules to reach there," says Ravi.
Marketing
The films' teaser featured the song "American VI: Ain't No Grave" by American musician Johnny Cash. It was the first time that an English track was being used in a Malayalam film. The makers also gave credit to Cash's song claiming that "It has been used for teaser purposes only". The teaser went viral, and received praise for incorporating the song, which perfectly sets the action-thriller tone of the film. "The idea of using the song came during the editing stage, and I thought it truly complemented the Mexican-style footage that was used for the teaser. Though the song is a free template that's been made available by its producers to be used by anyone, we have also given the due credit.", says Ravi. Cash often performed wearing dark clothing, earning him the nickname 'The Man in Black.' Mohanlal's character is also seen wearing a black attire in the teaser and the stills.
The first-look poster was released in September 2012; the film's first teaser was released on 3 October 2012, and a theatrical trailer was released on 25 November 2012.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by M. G. Sreekumar, with lyrics by Dr. Madhu Vasudevan. The album was launched on 25 November 2012 at IMA Hall in Kochi. The event was attended by Mohanlal, Joshiy, Major Ravi, Mukesh, Rajeev Pillai, MG Sreekumar, Pradeep Nair, Pranav Mohanlal, Renji Panicker, Jeffrey Jonathan and other personalities from the film industry, along with the technical crew and cast of the film. The background score for the film was provided by Jeffrey Jonathan. The film notably features Murukan Kattakada's famous poem "Kannada", which has been rendered by the poet himself.
Release
The distribution rights for Karmayodha in Kerala were bought by Red Rose Release. The film's premiere show was held on 20 December 2012 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The worldwide release took place on 21 December 2012. Karmayodha was released in Europe and the UAE on 27 December 2012.
Critical reception
The film opened to mixed reviews. Sify.com said: "A rather flimsy plot, some bad performances, silly lines and villains who are unintentionally comical make you cringe in the seats. The plot moves ahead without a definite aim or direction with some weak links that barely look convincing."
Rediff.com rated the movie 2 out of 5, saying: "Karmayodha is not worth watching".
Indiaglitz gave the film an average rating of 5.9/10, saying that "Karmayodha may satisfy the die-hard Mohanlal fans."
References
External links
Indian action thriller films
Films shot in Kochi
Films shot in Mumbai
Films shot in Munnar
Fictional portrayals of the Maharashtra Police
Films directed by Major Ravi
2010s Malayalam-language films
Monica Pellecer Alecio is a Guatemalan archaeologist who in 2005 led a team that found the oldest known Maya royal tomb to date, belonging to an early Maya king (150BC). It was uncovered beneath a small pyramid at San Bartolo.
References
Guatemalan Mesoamericanists
Women Mesoamericanists
Mesoamerican archaeologists
21st-century Mesoamericanists
Living people
Guatemalan archaeologists
Guatemalan women archaeologists
21st-century Guatemalan women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
USS Halibut has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
, a submarine in commission from 1942 to 1945
, later SSN-587, a submarine in commission from 1960 to 1976
United States Navy ship names
William Armstrong (December 23, 1782 – May 10, 1865) was an American lawyer, civil servant, politician, and businessperson. He represented Hampshire County in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1818 to 1820, and Virginia's 16th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1825 to 1833.
Armstrong was born in 1782 in Lisburn, County Antrim, Kingdom of Ireland (in present-day Northern Ireland), and emigrated to the United States in 1792. He studied law under Charles Magill, became a lawyer, and settled in Hampshire County, Virginia (present-day West Virginia). Armstrong served in a number of civil service positions, including postmaster of Paddytown (present-day Keyser); U.S. tax collector appointed by President James Madison; director of the Bank of the Valley of Virginia; member of the Virginia Board of Public Works from 1822 to 1823; justice of the peace for Hampshire County from 1820 to 1852; and Hampshire County sheriff in 1843. Armstrong was chosen as a presidential elector for Virginia in the 1820 and 1824 U.S. presidential elections.
He was elected to two terms in the Virginia House of Delegates and four terms in the U.S. House of Representatives, two as an Adamsite Democratic-Republican and two as a National Republican. In Congress, he assisted in passing a bill to appropriate funds to construct the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal in 1828. Following his tenure in Congress, Armstrong engaged in the tavern business and operated the Armstrong House hotel in Romney. In 1862, he relocated to Keyser, where he died in 1865.
Early life and education
William Armstrong was born on December 23, 1782, in Lisburn, County Antrim, in the Kingdom of Ireland (present-day Northern Ireland). Armstrong's family was Presbyterian and of Scotch-Irish descent. He was a direct descendant of James Armstrong, who participated in the rising of the Covenanters at the Battle of Pentland Hills. He forfeited his estate in 1666 and escaped from Annandale, Dumfriesshire, Scotland, to County Down. In 1792, Armstrong emigrated to the United States with his parents and the family settled in Romney, Virginia (present-day West Virginia). Following his arrival in Romney, Armstrong worked as a merchant's clerk, and then served as an assistant in the office of the Hampshire County Clerk of Court. Armstrong studied law under Charles Magill in Winchester, became a lawyer and settled permanently in Hampshire County.
Civil service career
Armstrong served as the second postmaster of the post office in Paddytown (present-day Keyser, West Virginia) from October 15, 1814, until April 20, 1818. President James Madison appointed him a United States tax collector in the 6th District of Virginia in 1813; he also served in this position in 1818 and 1819. In January 1818, Armstrong was unanimously elected as a director of the Bank of the Valley of Virginia's Office of Discount and Deposit in Romney. In 1822 and 1823, he served as a member of the Virginia Board of Public Works. Armstrong served as a justice of the peace of Hampshire County from 1820 to 1852, and as the sheriff for Hampshire County in 1843.
Political career
Armstrong first ran for election as a Democratic-Republican to represent Hampshire County as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates in 1811, however, he lost to Federalists Alexander King and Francis White. In 1812, he ran again for election to represent the county in the House of Delegates losing to King and White. In August 1816, Armstrong and John Jack represented Hampshire County at a convention in Staunton to reform the Constitution of Virginia. Armstrong was finally elected to represent the county in the House of Delegates in 1818, alongside White, and served his first term from December 7, 1818, until March 13, 1819. He was reelected with White in 1819 and served his second term from December 6, 1819, until February 25, 1820. Edward McCarty and White succeeded him in 1820.
In 1816, when Virginia's presidential electors convened at his father's hotel in Romney, Armstrong became interested in national politics. He was chosen as a presidential elector for Virginia in the 1820 and 1824 U.S. presidential elections. Armstrong ran for election as an Adamsite Democratic-Republican against Federalist Edward Colston to represent Virginia's 16th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1825, and won. Virginia's 16th congressional district comprised Berkeley, Hampshire, Hardy, Jefferson, and Morgan counties in the present-day Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia. Armstrong represented the 16th district in the 19th Congress from March 4, 1825, to March 3, 1827. He was elected for a second term as an Adamsite Democratic-Republican and served in the 20th Congress from March 4, 1827, to March 3, 1829. Armstrong joined U.S. House representatives Michael C. Sprigg from Maryland, and Andrew Stewart and Chauncey Forward from Pennsylvania to assist in passing a bill to appropriate funds for the construction of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal in 1828. Armstrong was elected for a third term as a National Republican and served in the 21st Congress from March 4, 1829, to March 3, 1831, and for his fourth term as a National Republican and served in the 22nd Congress from March 4, 1831, to March 3, 1833. By 1839, Armstrong was the chairperson of Hampshire County's Whig Party.
Later life and death
Following his tenure in Congress, Armstrong engaged in the tavern business. The arrival of the Northwestern Turnpike (present-day U.S. Route 50) to Romney in 1830 created a greater demand for inns and hotels in the town. Armstrong and John Kirk, and Armstrong's wife, Jane, and John Baker White were issued two of at least six hotel licenses in Romney within five years after the turnpike's construction. Armstrong's hotel, known as Armstrong House, was built around 1800 on Lot 86 at East Main and North Grafton Streets. Armstrong sold his hotel to Thomas A. Keller in 1848, after which it was known as Keller House or Keller Hotel. Armstrong remained in Romney until 1862.
Armstrong was a slave owner. He possessed in Romney, including Lots 81 and 91 near the intersection of present-day Antigo Place and Sioux Lane, where he reserved for an African-American cemetery.
He relocated to New Creek Station (formerly Paddytown, present-day Keyser) during the American Civil War, where he resided at his son Edward McCarty Armstrong's mansion. His son Edward joined the Confederate States Army, while Armstrong remained at the mansion with his daughter-in-law and grandchildren. He died in New Creek Station on May 10, 1865. Reverend James H. Leps conducted his funeral service in Romney, and he was interred at Indian Mound Cemetery in Romney.
Personal life
Armstrong was first married to Elizabeth Ann McCarty (June 1, 1786 – July 4, 1843), daughter of Edward McCarty and Elizabeth Millar, from Keyser. They had four children together:
Eliza Jane Armstrong Gibson (December 21, 1804 – February 19, 1847), married David Gibson
William James Armstrong (June 28, 1813 – June 19, 1847), married on December 14, 1836, to Susan C. White, daughter of Hampshire County Clerk of Court John Baker White and Alcinda Louisa Tapscott White
Edward McCarty Armstrong (October 18, 1816 – April 1, 1890), first married to Hannah Angeline Pancake, then married on October 23, 1856, to Louisa Tapscott White, daughter of Hampshire County Clerk of Court John Baker White and Frances Ann Streit White
James Dillon Armstrong (September 23, 1821 – September 4, 1893), married Anne Waterman Foote, daughter of Presbyterian Reverend William Henry Foote
Armstrong and McCarty were married for 42 years. Following Elizabeth's death, he married his cousin Jane Baxter Armstrong (June 7, 1799 – August 30, 1874).
References
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
1782 births
1865 deaths
18th-century Irish people
18th-century Presbyterians
1820 United States presidential electors
1824 United States presidential electors
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century Irish people
19th-century Presbyterians
American corporate directors
American hoteliers
American justices of the peace
American lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
American slave owners
Burials at Indian Mound Cemetery
Businesspeople from Virginia
Businesspeople from West Virginia
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia
People from Keyser, West Virginia
People from Lisburn
People from Romney, West Virginia
Presbyterians from West Virginia
Tax collectors
Virginia Democratic-Republicans
Virginia lawyers
Virginia postmasters
Virginia sheriffs
Virginia Whigs
Sirajganj-4 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2014 by Tanveer Imam of the Awami League.
Boundaries
Sirajganj-4 constituency consists of Ullahpara Upazila of Sirajganj district.
Members of Parliament
References
External links
Parliamentary constituencies in Bangladesh
Sirajganj District
George Henry Lloyd was an English professional footballer of the early twentieth century.
Born in Derby, he began his professional career with local club Derby County, making ten appearances in The Football League. In 1903 he joined New Brompton of the Southern League, where he played for the next five seasons. He made nearly 150 appearances for the Kent-based club.
References
Year of birth missing
English footballers
Gillingham F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Footballers from Derby
Year of death missing
Association football midfielders
CKFF-FM is a First Nations community radio station that operates at 104.1 MHz (FM) in Kipawa, Quebec, Canada.
Branded as Drumbeat Radio, the station airs a variety of programs, interviews, stories, culture and music including country, rock, pop and more.
History
On November 13, 2018, Kebaowek First Nation (OBCI) received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate a new english-language Indigenous (Type B Native) FM radio programming in Kipawa, Quebec which would operate at 104.1 MHz (channel 281A) with an average effective radiated power (ERP) of 6,000 watts (non-directional antenna with an effective height of antenna above average terrain of 55.5 metres).
The station signed on the air as Drumbeat Radio in April 2020.
References
External links
drumbeatradio.ca
CKFF-FM History - Canadian Communications Foundation
Kff
Kff
Kff
Radio stations established in 2020
2020 establishments in Quebec
The Valencia Orchestra (, ) is a symphony orchestra in Valencia, Spain. Founded in 1943 as the Valencia Municipal Orchestra, and a member of the Spanish Association of Symphony Orchestras (AEOS), it is not to be confused with the Orquesta de la Comunidad Valenciana, founded in 2006. The Valencia Orchestra, which first performed abroad in 1950 under José Iturbi, has toured internationally more regularly in the last 20 years. It performs mainly at the city's Palau de la Música de València, which is not to be confused with the nearby Palau de les Arts Reina Sofía.
Principal Conductors
Joan Lamote de Grignon (1943–49)
Hans von Benda (1949–1952)
Napoleone Annovazzi
Heinz Unger
José Iturbi
Enrique García Asensio (1964–65)
Pedro Pírfano (1967–1970)
Luis Antonio García Navarro (1970–74)
Lorenzo Martínez Palomo (1974–1980)
Benito Lauret (1980–1983)
Manuel Galduf (1983–1997)
Miguel Ángel Gómez Martínez (1997–2005)
Yaron Traub (2005–2018)
Ramón Tébar (2018– )
References
Spanish Association of Symphony Orchestras.
Xàtiva town hall.
Spanish orchestras
Musical groups established in 1943
Valencian culture
Bayındır is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Kamela Portuges (1963 – October 21, 2021), also known as Kamela Portuges-Robbins, was an American puppeteer, puppet designer, sculptor, animator, illustrator, writer, and director. Her work can be seen in many films including Being John Malkovich, James and the Giant Peach, Monkeybone, and Bicentennial Man. She started her career in puppetry in 1989 and was the co-founder of production company Images In Motion.
Early life and education
Kamela Portuges was born in Manteca, California in 1963 to Paul and Barbara Portuges. Her family moved to Cottonwood in 1981.
Portuges attended Humboldt State University where she received a B.S in Business and Marketing and B.A in Theater. In 1987, She received a Masters of Art Theater and Business from Humboldt when she was just 22 years old.
Career
Portuges' interest in puppetry first began when she watched puppet shows that aired on TV. One show that particularly inspired her was Pat McCormick's "Charlie and Humphreys Good Stuff Hour".
This interest was further explored when Portuges attended a puppet festival being held by the San Francisco Bay Area Puppeteer Guild in 1986. It was here she met future business partner Lee Armstrong, who had previously worked on Fraggle Rock, while she was holding a workshop at the festival. They both kept in touch and in 1989, Portuges and Armstrong formed the film and TV puppet production company Images In Motion.
Through Images In Motion, Portuges did many things such as designing puppets, doing 3-D animations and printing, sculpting various items, writing scripts, doing stage performances, and making radio control mechanisms. She had also been a part of the process for making commercials and doing editing and directing work on videos for clients made by Images in Motion.
One avenue of work that Portuges did at Images In Motion was sculpting figurines, dolls, and models. She worked on a line of celebrity dolls that included the cast of Hairspray, Rita Hayworth, Britney Spears, Pamela Anderson, and the Spice Girls. She had also worked for companies like LeapFrog, Crayola, Galoob, and had worked with Baby Einstein to make puppet productions for children.
One notable film that prominently features Portuges' work is the film Being John Malkovich. Portuges served as the film's head sculptor and a puppet designer. Portuges sculpted the marionettes that can be seen throughout the movie and trained John Malkovich on how to marionette his puppet. For the movie, Portuges had to sculpt 8 marionettes that included John Cusak, Catherine Keener, and Cameron Diaz, as well as a miniature puppet of John Malkovich and an eight-foot high marionette of Emily Dickinson. Director Spike Jonze hired Portuges to sculpt the marionettes after seeing the sculpting work she had done on her previous dolls.
Some of the other film and TV projects Portuges had worked on includes The Fly 2, Bicentennial Man, Psalty's Salvation Celebration, Little Big Awesome, James and the Giant Peach, MonkeyBone, Illusion of Life, Classic Stories for Children.
Portuges has also done much innovative work with 3-D printing, such as printing scale models of dinosaurs and various other 3-D work doing 3-D print services for Pixar and other Bay Area animation companies.
Portuges served as both a member and past president of the San Francisco Bay Area Puppeteers Guild.
Portuges also was a guest lecture at University of California Santa Cruz in the Theatre department from 2017 until 2021.
Personal life
Kamela met Kieron Robbins in 2002 at a Santa Rosa Junior College art class and soon he was also working at Images In Motion. They later got married in 2008 and were together until her death in 2021.
Portuges also had a passion for children's books and wrote and illustrated and was a member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators since 2018 and was the North Bay Regional Illustrator Coordinator for it.
Awards
Kamela Portuges has received many awards for her work and works that she has been in collaboration with.
She has received 3 regional Emmy awards for her work, 3 Telly awards, and a Silver Smokey award. She received all three regional Emmy awards before she was 30 years old.
Her last award was a Telly award for a PSA she worked on through Images In Motion about the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Filmography
Film and TV
The Fly II (1989) - fabricator and finisher
Quigley's Village (1989) - props
Classic Stories for Children (1992) - puppeteer
Psalty's Salvation Celebration (1992)- puppeteer and special effects
James and the Giant Peach (1996) - sculptor
Being John Malkovich (1999)- marionette designer and additional puppeteer
Bicentennial Man (1999) - puppeteer
MonkeyBone (2001) - sculptor and puppeteer
Pushing Dead (2016) - rod puppet (uncredited)
Little Big Awesome (2018) - specialty props
Illusion of Life (2019) - self
Video Games
Chip and Friends (2001) - Chip (Voice)
References
1963 births
2021 deaths
American puppeteers
American designers
20th-century American sculptors
American illustrators
People from Manteca, California
Sculptors from California
21st-century American sculptors
Chodri (Chowdhary) is a Bhil language of Gujarat and neighboring states.
References
Hindi languages
Bhil
Bauler may refer to:
People
Harry Bauler (1910–1962), American politician
Paddy Bauler (1890–1977), corrupt Chicago politician
John Bauler, Alderman of the 43rd ward of Chicago (1920–1933), brother of Paddy Bauler
Places
Bauler, Ahrweiler
Bauler, Bitburg-Prüm
Rock of Ages: The DVD Collection is a DVD featuring music videos by Def Leppard. This one-disc collection contains a total of 19 commercial single videos that helped jump the band to success after the release of their breakthrough 1983 album, Pyromania. Only one video featured on the compilation, "Bringin' On the Heartbreak", was not released after Pyromania.
This DVD collection was released alongside its own compilation CD album Rock of Ages: The Definitive Collection, which included various songs that were not released as singles and singles that did not have music videos made for them.
Track list
"Pour Some Sugar on Me"
"Photograph"
"Love Bites"
"Let's Get Rocked"
"Two Steps Behind"
"Animal"
"Foolin'"
"Rocket"
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Armageddon It"
"Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad"
"Rock of Ages"
"Hysteria"
"Bringin' On the Heartbreak" *
"Promises"
"Women"
"Slang"
"Work It Out"
"Now"
Note: *The video for "Bringin' On the Heartbreak" is the Phil Collen version (taped in 1984), however, the audio is the original Pete Willis version (1981). This may have been done on purpose for the Greatest Hits collection to merge the more popular version of the song with the more well-known music video.
Extra features
"No Matter What" (Rehearsal video)
Track-by-track commentary by the entire band
Personal playlist option
Def Leppard video albums
2005 video albums
Music video compilation albums
Def Leppard compilation albums
2005 compilation albums
Kate Brookes-Peterson (born 14 May 1984 in Kawakawa, New Zealand) is an Australian open water swimmer.
She won Australia's first medal at the 2007 FINA World Championships with a bronze in the Women's 5 km open water event. Her result was not without controversy though with German Britta Kamrau-Corestein, whom she beat home for bronze by 0.1 seconds, accusing her of foul play by pulling on her swimming costume. Brookes-Peterson flatly denied the accusation.
She was coached by Australian swimming coach Ken Wood.
References
1984 births
Living people
Australian female swimmers
Female long-distance swimmers
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
World Aquatics Championships medalists in open water swimming
The Old Rhine Bridge at Konstanz spans the Seerhein. It is a combined road and railway bridge. In addition to one track of the High Rhine Railway at kilometer 413.5, it carries the , the road that connects the borough of Petershausen with the city centre. The road bridge carries two lanes into the city center and three lanes in the other direction. Additionally, there is a bicycle lane in both directions on the left (as seen from the city centre) and a sidewalk on the right. In the 19th century, distance markers were placed along the Rhine; they start counting kilometers at this bridge.
History
The first bridge over the Seerhein was built by the Romans at Gottlieben. Since the medieval trade routes to northern Italy, France and Eastern Europe crossed in Constance, it is assumed that a wooden bridge existed below Constance before the 10th century. The construction of a wooden pile bridge in the flight of around 1200 CE is documented.
A mill was built into the bridge in 1418 or 1427 or 1437, because the bridge piles held back the water of the Upper lake and increased the 30 cm difference in water level between the Upper and Lower lake.
A lack of stability led to the bridge over the Rhine being demolished and reconstructed around 1540. The new bridge was completed in 1544. It consisted of a covered wooden bridge, based on double pillars, connected at both sides to a stone arch bridge and a draw bridge. A mill complex with a weir completed the structure. The wooden bridge superstructure, including the mills, were destroyed several times by fire and rebuilt, in at least 1548 and 1675. It was destroyed by fire for the last time in 1856. In 1857, the states surrounding Lake Constance decided not to rebuild the weir, because it was regarded as the cause of the extreme high water conditions around the Upper Lake. Until the new bridge was ready, a temporary wooden bridge allowed travellers to cross the Seerhein.
Bridge of 1860
To ensure the largest possible flow cross-section of the Seerhein, the new bridge was built 60 m upriver. It had three long spans of 42.6 m each. In addition to the road, it carried the Baden Mainline. Construction Councillor Robert Gerwig from Baden designed the bridge and led the construction team. The Gebrüder Benckiser company from Pforzheim built the sub- and superstructures, starting in October 1858. The road bridge was opened to traffic on 3 December 1860. The double-track railway bridge entered service as the Baden Mainline was opened on 15 June 1863. Construction costs were . Due to increasing traffic loads of the trains, one railway track had to be shut down in 1873. At the time of Nazism, the structure was renamed Horst-Wessel-bridge.
Bridge of 1938
To increase the efficiency of the Rhine bridge, the city of Konstanz decided in co-operation with the highway department of the day, and the Deutsche Reichsbahn, to fundamentally rebuild the bridge. The spans were unchanged, but the bridge was widened by about 50%. The Ed. Züblin company from Stuttgart was awarded the contract to build the substructure. Construction work began in November 1936. After a 190-meter-long temporary bridge was built downstream, the road bridge sections were taken apart, with the railway remaining in operation, albeit under restrictions. The superstructure of the old bridge, as well as the substructure, abutments and pillars were disassembled down to the water line. In the shelter of a sheet pile enclosed pit, timber piles with lengths of 18 to 20 m were driven into the river bottom, the abutments were extended downstream and the pillars were widened. New abutments were then built, using concrete with exposed brickwork from granite from Waldulm. The pillars were encased in concrete in the shelter of the sheet pile enclosed pit. The contract for the steel superstructure was awarded to the M.A.N. company from Mainz-Gustavsburg. The bridge sections were constructed in the factory in Mainz-Gustavsburg and transported by rail to the site where they were hoisted in place using a gantry crane and rivetted together. The new bridge was inaugurated on 9 October 1938.
1957 widening
In the Second World War, the Rhine Bridge remained intact. In the years 1956-57 the roadway was widened to meet the increased traffic in the city. For this, the corridor was used that had been reserved for the second railway track in 1938. This was possible because the Bundesbahn had abandoned its plans to have two tracks connected to the Konstanz main railway station.
To further relieve the now over 70-year-old road bridge, a second bridge was built. This was opened in 1980.
Construction
1860 bridge
The arch bridge was in total 17.85 m wide. It carried two railroad tracks and a 5.4 m wide road on the downstream side, plus sidewalks on both sides. The 127.8 m long structure had three spans of 42.6 m each. The superstructure consisted of four solid-walled, wrought-iron arched girders across each span. Statues of Bishops Konrad and Gebhard of Constance and Duke Berthold, Duke of Zähringen and Grand Duke Leopold stood on the four pillars. The latter two were sculpted by Hans Baur.
1938 bridge
The total length of the new bridge is again 127.8 m, but this one is 26.95 m wide. The roadway was widened to 10.0 m. This bridge has separate superstructures for the road, the railway and the non-motorized lanes. The piers and abutments for the railway bridge were designed to carry two single-track superstructures, of which only the eastern one has been implemented. Viewed in the downstream direction, the first superstructure is the pedestrian walkway, the second is the railway bridge, then comes a four-lane road bridge, with a console carrying a bike path mounted on the western carrier.
In the longitudinal direction, the spans consist of continuous beams. Each bridge had two steel girders with variable height and a horizontal top flange design, which was located above the roadway. The bottom flange rests on the pillars and curves with a radius of about 100 m.
In 1957, a third major carrier was inserted in the gap between the rail and road bridges. It bears the eastern road bridge deck.
References and sources
Hans-Wolfgang Scharf:' 'Eisenbahn-Rheinbrücken in Deutschland'', EK-Verlag, Freiburg, 2003, .
Footnotes
Bridges over the Rhine
Bridges in Baden-Württemberg
Antony Caceres (born 31 January 2000) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder.
Early life
Caceres grew up in Leduc, Alberta, just south of Edmonton. At youth level, he played for Edmonton Juventus before joining the academy of North American Soccer League side FC Edmonton.
Club career
Vancouver Whitecaps
In August 2016, he joined the academy of Major League Soccer side Vancouver Whitecaps FC. In the 2016–17 USSDA season he made 34 appearances in all competitions for the under-15/16 team, scoring eight goals. The following year, he played for the under-18/19 team, making 27 appearances and scoring four goals.
FC Edmonton
After leaving the Whitecaps program in 2018, Caceres returned to FC Edmonton. On 10 March 2020, he signed his first professional contract with the Eddies. He made his professional debut for Edmonton on August 15 against Forge FC. In November 2020 FC Edmonton announced Caceres had been re-signed for the 2021 Canadian Premier League season. On 9 February 2022, the club announced that Caceres and all but two other players would not be returning for the 2022 season.
Personal life
Caceres is of Bolivian descent.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer people from Alberta
People from Leduc, Alberta
Canadian people of Bolivian descent
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
FC Edmonton players
Canadian Premier League players
Qeshlaq-e Malard (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Malārd) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,340, in 838 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Songs of the Sea is a cycle of five songs for baritone, male voice chorus, and orchestra, to poems by Henry Newbolt. It was composed by Charles Villiers Stanford, was premiered at the 1904 Leeds Festival, and was published as his Op. 91.
Songs of the Fleet is a companion cycle of five songs for baritone, mixed chorus, and orchestra, also to poems by Newbolt. It was premiered at Leeds in 1910, and was published by Stanford as his Op. 117.
Overview
According to music critic Geoffrey Crankshaw:
"Drake's Drum" may be the best known of the ten songs. It relates to the legend that Sir Francis Drake, naval hero under Elizabeth I of England, on his deathbed in the Spanish Main, asked that his drum be taken to England. He promised that should it be beaten in the hour of England's gravest need, he and his fleet would reappear in the English Channel to repel the invaders; as they did the Spanish Armada in 1588. It has been recorded by, among others, Peter Dawson, John Shirley-Quirk and Sir Thomas Allen; either in the original version, or in an arrangement for voice and piano.
Songs of the Sea
Songs of the Sea was written for Harry Plunket Greene, a renowned baritone in his day. He gave the first performance, at the 1904 Leeds Festival. The texts are:
"Drake's Drum"
"Outward Bound"
"Devon, O Devon, in Wind and Rain"
"Homeward Bound"
"The Old Superb"
A complete performance takes about 18 minutes.
Haydn Wood (1882-1959), best known for his light music, made an orchestral arrangement of Songs of the Sea, known variously as Stanford Rhapsody and as Westward Ho.
Songs of the Fleet
Greene was also connected with Songs of the Fleet, premiered at the 1910 Leeds Festival. The texts are:
"Sailing at Dawn"
"The Song of the Sou'wester"
"The Middle Watch"
"The Little Admiral"
"Fare Well"
A complete performance takes about 26 minutes.
Notable recordings
1928/1933 – Peter Dawson with unnamed men's chorus, orchestra and conductor. His Master's Voice B 2743. (78 rpm)
1983 - Benjamin Luxon with the Bournemouth Symphony Chorus and Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra under Norman Del Mar. EMI Records ASD 4401.
References
External links
1904 compositions
Song cycles by Charles Villiers Stanford
Classical song cycles in English
Musical settings of poems by Henry Newbolt
Ashley Clinton () is a rural community in the Central Hawke's Bay District and Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand's North Island. The area consists of sheep, dairy and mixed use farms.
The area was originally Makeritu was renamed Ashley Clinton in January 1885, most likely after the Ashley Clinton Estate in the English county of Hampshire. Makeritu, o Makeretu, translates as to alight (makere) and to stand (tu).
In 1921 a glass war memorial was installed at Ashley Clinton Memorial for the five local men killed in World War I. It w
In 2013, residents of Black Road launched a campaign to have the road sealed.
Education
Sherwood School is a Year 1–8 co-educational state primary school. It is a decile 6 school with a roll of as of
Another primary school, Ashley Clinton School, was established in the main village in 1876 but has since closed.
References
Central Hawke's Bay District
Populated places in the Hawke's Bay Region
Philentoma is an enigmatic genus of birds. They are now usually included in the Vangidae.
Species
There are two species:
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2006). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11: Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers. Lynx Edicions. .
Old World flycatchers
Bird genera
Birds described in 1845
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Thomas Campbell Eyton
Elisha Worthington was an American planter and large slaveholder in the Antebellum South. He was the owner of the Sunnyside Plantation in Chicot County, Arkansas.
Early life
Elisha Worthington was born in Kentucky.
Career
He acquired the Sunnyside Plantation in Chicot County from Abner Johnson in 1840. He also owned the Redleaf Plantation, the Meanie Plantation (a.k.a. the So So Plantation or the Rose Plantation), and the Eminence Plantation. By 1860, he owned 543 African slaves and 12,000 acres of land in Chicot County.
In 1862, in the midst of the American Civil War, Worthington moved his slaves and livestock to Texas. He returned to Chicot County at the end of the war, in 1865. He was pardoned by President Andrew Johnson on January 31, 1866.
In 1866, Worthington sold his Sunnyside plantation to Robert P. Pepper of Kentucky. With the proceeds of the sale, he paid back loans he had taken from Wade Hampton and Abraham Van Buren. Meanwhile, he moved into his Redleaf Plantation with his daughter Martha.
Personal life
Elisha Worthington had two children, son James W. Mason (aka James Mason Worthington) and daughter Martha W Mason. Their mother was a slave. Worthington sent both James and Martha to Oberlin College preparatory school in Ohio. James was a student at Oberlin from 1855 to 1858. Martha was a student there from 1860 to 1861.
Death
He died in 1873.
References
1873 deaths
People from Kentucky
People from Chicot County, Arkansas
American planters
American slave owners
Nesbitt's is a brand of orange-flavored soft drink sold in the United States. Nesbitt's was originally produced by the Nesbitt Fruit Products Company of Los Angeles, California. The company also produced several other flavors of soft drink under the Nesbitt's brand and other brand names, including Nesbitt's grape, strawberry and peach-flavored sodas.
History
The Nesbitt's Fruit Products Company was founded in 1924, named after its founder Hugh S. Nesbitt. The Nesbitt's brand debuted in 1927, initially as part of the company's line of soda fountain products. Nesbitt's began bottling Nesbitt's orange and several other flavors in the late 1930s, putting it in direct competition with established market-leader Orange Crush. Nesbitt's became the US market leader of orange soda pop during the late 1940s and 1950s, with advertisements featuring then-unknown model Marilyn Monroe in 1946, and proclaiming itself to be the "Largest selling bottled orange drink in the world". Nesbitt's own brand of orange beverage was surpassed in popularity by Fanta in the late 1960s and then faded in popularity. In 1972, the company was sold to The Clorox Company, and in April 1975, the bottling operation was sold to Moxie Industries, Inc. (later Monarch Beverage) of Atlanta.
Resurrection and legacy
Nesbitt's continued to be owned by Moxie Industries through the late 1970s and the 1980s while use of the Nesbitt's brand (for non-bottling usage) was passed along to several companies from 1976 through 1998, including ownership by Borden Inc. in the late 1980s. In 1999, Big Red, Limited of Waco, Texas, the parent company that owns rights to the Big Red soft drink brand, bought the Nesbitt's USA trademark from the Monarch Beverage Company under its North American Beverages Products division, which also includes NuGrape. Although Big Red, Ltd. only actively promotes its Nesbitt's California Honey Lemonade drink, the company licenses the Nesbitt's soda brand to several small independent bottling companies throughout the US.
Retro soda producer Orca Beverage manufactures a bottled version of Nesbitt's Orange made with cane sugar and natural flavoring. In addition to orange, strawberry and peach Nesbitt's sodas are also available.
The group Negativland put out the "Nesbitt's Lime Soda Song" on their 1987 release Escape From Noise; written and sung by Richard Lyons, it was about a man who lost his temper after "a bee flew into" his soda and "we had to throw it away".
Internationally, Monarch Beverages owns and distribute Nesbitt's sodas.
Variants
(available outside U.S. only)
Nesbitt's Orange
Nesbitt's Apple
Nesbitt's Pineapple
Nesbitt's Sweet Red
Nesbitt's Grape
Nesbitt's Black Currant
Nesbitt's Still Honey Lemonade
Nesbitt's Still Kiwi Strawberry
Nesbitt's Splash Lemon Cola
References
External links
Nesbitt's Orange Memorabilia Page
Metropolitan News-Enterprise - Nesbitt's Orange Soda: Bright Star Went Black, Now Twinkles Dimly from June 8, 2006.
Orange sodas
American soft drinks
Monarch brands
Cuisine of the Western United States
Cyperus stergiosii is a species of sedge that is native to parts of South America.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
stergiosii
Plants described in 2013
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Venezuela
Glossitis can mean soreness of the tongue, or more usually inflammation with depapillation of the dorsal surface of the tongue (loss of the lingual papillae), leaving a smooth and erythematous (reddened) surface, (sometimes specifically termed atrophic glossitis). In a wider sense, glossitis can mean inflammation of the tongue generally. Glossitis is often caused by nutritional deficiencies and may be painless or cause discomfort. Glossitis usually responds well to treatment if the cause is identified and corrected. Tongue soreness caused by glossitis is differentiated from burning mouth syndrome, where there is no identifiable change in the appearance of the tongue, and there are no identifiable causes.
Symptoms
Depending upon what exact meaning of the word glossitis is implied, signs and symptoms might include:
Smooth, shiny appearance of the tongue, caused by loss of lingual papillae.
Tongue color changes, usually to a darker red color than the normal white-pink color of a healthy tongue.
Tongue swelling.
Difficulty with chewing, swallowing, or speaking (either because of tongue soreness or tongue swelling).
Burning sensation. Some use the term secondary burning mouth syndrome in cases where a detectable cause, such as glossitis, for an oral burning sensation.
Depending upon the underlying cause, there may be additional signs and symptoms such as pallor, oral ulceration and angular cheilitis.
Causes
Anemias
Iron-deficiency anemia is mainly caused by blood loss, such as may occur during menses or gastrointestinal hemorrhage. This often results in a depapilled, atrophic glossitis, giving the tongue a bald and shiny appearance, along with pallor (paleness) of the lips and other mucous membranes a tendency towards recurrent oral ulceration, and cheilosis (swelling of the lips). The appearance of the tongue in iron deficiency anemia has been described as diffuse or patchy atrophy with tenderness or burning. One cause of iron deficiency anemia is sideropenic dysphagia (Plummer–Vinson or Paterson–Brown–Kelly syndrome) which is also characterized by esophageal webbing and dysphagia.
Pernicious anemia is usually caused by autoimmune destruction of gastric parietal cells. Parietal cells secrete intrinsic factor which is required for the absorption of vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 deficiency results in megaloblastic anemia and may present as glossitis. The appearance of the tongue in vitamin B12 deficiency is described as "beefy"
or "fiery red and sore". There may be linear or patchy red lesions.
Vitamin B deficiencies
Vitamin B1 deficiency (thiamine deficiency) can cause glossitis. Vitamin B2 deficiency (ariboflavinosis) can cause glossitis, along with angular cheilitis, cheilosis, peripheral neuropathy and other signs and symptoms. The glossitis in vitamin B2 deficiency is described as magenta. Vitamin B3 deficiency (pellagra) can cause glossitis. Vitamin B6 deficiency (pyridoxine deficiency) can cause glossitis, along with angular cheilitis, cheilosis, peripheral neuropathy and seborrheic dermatitis. Folate deficiency (vitamin B9 deficiency) can cause glossitis, along with macrocytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, leukopenia, diarrhea, fatigue and possibly neurological signs. Apart from pernicious anemia discussed above, any other cause of vitamin B12 deficiency can cause glossitis, which tends to be painful, smooth and shiny.
Infections
Bacterial, viral or fungal infections can cause glossitis. Chronic Candida infections of the tongue can cause an atrophic glossitis known as median rhomboid glossitis.
Syphilis is now relatively rare, but the tertiary stage can cause diffuse glossitis and atrophy of lingual papillae, termed "syphilitic glossitis", "luetic glossitis" or "atrophic glossitis of tertiary syphilis". It is caused by Treponema pallidum and is a sexually transmitted infection.
Other causes
Many conditions can cause glossitis via malnutrition or malabsorption, which creates the nutritional deficiencies described above, although other mechanisms may be involved in some of those conditions listed.
Alcoholism
Sprue (celiac disease, or tropical sprue), secondary to nutritional deficiencies
Crohn's disease
Whipple disease
Glucagonoma syndrome
Cowden disease
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
Carcinoid syndrome
Kwashiorkor amyloidosis
Veganism and other specialized diets, without B12 supplementation.
Poor hydration and low saliva in the mouth, which allows bacteria to grow more readily
Mechanical irritation or injury from burns, rough edges of teeth or dental appliances, or other trauma
Tongue piercing Glossitis can be caused by the constant irritation by the ornament and by colonization of Candida albicans in site and on the ornament
Exposure to irritants such as tobacco, alcohol, hot foods, or spices
Allergic reaction to toothpaste, mouthwash, breath fresheners, dyes in confectionery, plastic in dentures or retainers, or certain blood-pressure medications (ACE inhibitors)
Administration of ganglion blockers (e.g., Tubocurarine, Mecamylamine).
Oral lichen planus, erythema multiforme, aphthous ulcer, pemphigus vulgaris
Heredity
Albuterol (bronchodilator medicine)
A painful tongue may be an indication of an underlying serious medical condition and nearly always merits assessment by a physician or dental surgeon.
Diagnosis
Classification
Glossitis could be classified as a group of tongue diseases or gastrointestinal diseases. It may be primary, where there is no underlying cause, or secondary where it is a sign or symptom of another condition. It can be acute or chronic. Generally speaking, there are several clinical patterns of glossitis, some more common than others.
Atrophic glossitis
Atrophic glossitis, also known as bald tongue, smooth tongue, Hunter glossitis, Moeller glossitis, or Möller-Hunter glossitis, is a condition characterized by a smooth glossy tongue that is often tender/painful, caused by complete atrophy of the lingual papillae (depapillation). The dorsal tongue surface may be affected totally, or in patches, and may be associated with a burning sensation, pain and/or erythema. Atrophic glossitis is a non-specific finding, and has a great many causes, usually related to iron-deficiency anemia, pernicious anemia, B vitamin complex deficiencies, unrecognized and untreated celiac disease (which often presents without gastrointestinal symptoms), or other factors such as xerostomia (dry mouth). Although the terms Möller and Hunter glossitis were originally used to refer to specifically the glossitis that occurs in vitamin B12 deficiency secondary to pernicious anemia, they are now used as synonyms for atrophic glossitis generally. In this article, the term glossitis, unless otherwise specified, refers to atrophic glossitis.
Candidiasis may be a concurrent finding or an alternative cause of erythema, burning, and atrophy.
Median rhomboid glossitis
This condition is characterized by a persistent erythematous, rhomboidal depapillated lesion in the central area of the dorsum of the tongue, just in front of to circumvallate papillae. Median rhomboid glossitis is a type of oral candidiasis, and rarely causes any symptoms. It is treated with antifungal medication. Predisposing factors include use of corticosteroid sprays or inhalers or immunosuppression.
Benign migratory glossitis
Geographic tongue, also termed benign migratory glossitis, is a common condition which usually affects the dorsal surface of the tongue. It is characterized by patches of depapillation and erythema bordered by a whitish peripheral zone. These patches give the tongue the appearance of a map, hence the name. Unlike glossitis due to nutritional deficiencies and anemia, the lesions of geographic tongue move around the tongue over time. This is because in geographic tongue, new areas of the tongue become involved with the condition whilst previously affected areas heal, giving the appearance of a moving lesion. The cause is unknown, and there is no curative treatment. Rarely are there any symptoms associated with the lesions, but occasionally a burning sensation may be present, which is exacerbated by eating hot, spicy or acidic foodstuffs. Some consider geographic tongue to be an early stage of fissured tongue, since the two conditions often occur in combination.
Geometric glossitis
Geometric glossitis, also termed herpetic geometric glossitis, is a term used by some to refer to a chronic lesion associated with herpes simplex virus (HSV) type I infection, in which there is a deep fissure in the midline of the tongue, which gives off multiple branches. The lesion is usually very painful, and there may be erosions present in the depths of the fissures. Similar fissured lesions which are not associated with HSV, as may occur in fissured tongue, do not tend to be painful. The name comes from the geometric pattern of the fissures which are longitudinal, crossed or branched. It is described as occurring in immunocompromized persons, e.g. who have leukemia. However, the association between herpes simplex and geometric glossitis is disputed by some due to a lack of gold standard techniques for diagnosis of intraoral herpetic lesions, and the high prevalence of asymptomatic viral shedding in immunocompromized individuals. Treatment is with systemic aciclovir.
Strawberry tongue
Strawberry tongue, or raspberry tongue, is glossitis which manifests with hyperplastic (enlarged) fungiform papillae, giving the appearance of a strawberry. White strawberry tongue is where there is a white coating on the tongue through which the hyperplastic fungiform papillae protrude. Red strawberry tongue is where the white coating is lost and a dark red, erythematous surface is revealed, interspaced with the hyperplastic fungiform papillae. White strawberry tongue is seen in early scarlet fever (a systemic infection of group A β- hemolytic streptococci), and red strawberry tongue occurs later, after 4–5 days. Strawberry tongue is also seen in Kawasaki disease (a vasculitic disorder primarily occurring in children under 5), and toxic shock syndrome. It may mimic other types of glossitis or Vitamin B12 deficiency.
Treatment
The goal of treatment is to reduce inflammation. Treatment usually does not require hospitalization unless tongue swelling is severe. Good oral hygiene is necessary, including thorough tooth brushing at least twice a day, and flossing at least daily. Corticosteroids such as prednisone may be given to reduce the inflammation of glossitis. For mild cases, topical applications (such as a prednisone mouth rinse that is not swallowed) may be recommended to avoid the side effects of swallowed or injected corticosteroids. Antibiotics, antifungal medications, or other antimicrobials may be prescribed if the cause of glossitis is an infection. Anemia and nutritional deficiencies (such as a deficiency in niacin, riboflavin, iron, or vitamin E) must be treated, often by dietary changes or other supplements. Avoiding irritants (such as hot or spicy foods, alcohol, and tobacco) may minimize the discomfort.
In some cases, tongue swelling may threaten the airway, a medical emergency that needs immediate attention.
Epidemiology
One review reported overall prevalence ranges of 0.1–14.3% for geographic tongue, 1.3–9.0% for "atrophy tongue" (atrophic glossitis), and 0.0–3.35% for median rhomboid glossitis.
References
External links
Inflammations
Tongue disorders
Pain
Conditions of the mucous membranes
Oral mucosal pathology
Roderick Chalmers "Roddy" Lumsden (28 May 1966 – 10 January 2020) was a Scottish poet. He was born in St Andrews and educated at Madras College. He published seven collections of poetry, a number of chapbooks and a collection of trivia, as well as editing a generational anthology of British and Irish poets of the 1990s and 2000s, Identity Parade, among other anthologies.
Background
He lived in London where he taught for The Poetry School and independently. He did edit work on several prize-winning poetry collections and the Pilot series of chapbooks by poets under 30 for Tall Lighthouse. He was organiser and host of the monthly reading series BroadCast in London. Between 2010 and 2015, he was Poetry Editor for Salt Publishing, responsible for commissioning over thirty individual collections, and for whom he was also Series Editor of The Best British Poetry anthologies.
Lumsden was a Vice Chairman of The Poetry Society. He was awarded an Arts Council of England International Fellowship at the Banff Centre in Ontario in 2001 and also carried out several residency projects, including being poet-in-residence to the music industry and in a five-star hotel and golf resort. He also worked as a puzzle and quiz writer and a popular reference compiler and editor. In 2014 he became a regular team member on Radio 4's long running show Round Britain Quiz, representing Scotland alongside crime writer Val McDermid. They won the 2014 series.
Lumsden received an Eric Gregory Award in 1991. His first book Yeah Yeah Yeah was shortlisted for the Forward Prize in the Best First Collection section. His second collection The Book of Love was a Poetry Book Society Choice and shortlisted for the T.S. Eliot Prize and The John Llewellyn Rhys Prize. Roddy Lumsden is Dead followed in 2001, then Mischief Night: New & Selected Poems which was a PBS Recommendation and, in 2009, then Third Wish Wasted, poems from which were awarded the Bess Hokin Prize by the Poetry Foundation. A sixth collection, Terrific Melancholy, was issued in 2011, followed by Not All Honey in 2014 and Melt and Solve in 2015. So Glad I'm Me in 2017 was shortlisted for the T. S. Eliot Prize.
Lumsden was diagnosed with acute liver cirrhosis in 2016. He moved into a care home in New Cross, London, close to where he lived for many years in Blackheath, and died in early 2020.
Published works
Poetry collections
Yeah Yeah Yeah (Bloodaxe, 1997)
The Book of Love (Bloodaxe, 2000)
Roddy Lumsden is Dead (Wrecking Ball Press, 2001)
Mischief Night: New & Selected Poems (Bloodaxe, 2004)
Third Wish Wasted (Bloodaxe, 2009)
Terrific Melancholy (Bloodaxe, 2011)
Not All Honey (Bloodaxe, 2014)
Melt and Solve (Salt Publishing, 2015)
So Glad I'm Me (Bloodaxe, 2017)
Pamphlets
Elsewhere Perhaps Later (privately published, 1995)
The Bubble Bride (St Andrews Bay, 2003)
Super Try Again (Donut Press, 2007)
The Bells of Hope (Penned in the Margins, 2012)
As editor
The Message (Poetry Society, 1999, co-ed with Stephen Trousse)
Anvil New Poets 3 (Anvil Press, 2001, co-ed with Hamish Ironside)
Identity Parade: New British & Irish Poets (Bloodaxe, 2010)
The Best British Poetry 2011 (Salt, 2011)
The Salt Book of Younger Poets (Salt, 2011, with Eloise Stonborough)
Other
Vitamin Q: a temple of trivia lists and curious words (Chambers, 2004)
Every Boy's Book of Knowledge (Prion, 2007, compiler and editor)
Chambers Gigglossary (Chambers, 2008, contributor)
References
External links
Roddy Lumsden profile at Poetry Foundation
Detailed obituary at The Scotsman
Scottish poets
1966 births
2020 deaths
People educated at Madras College
Beijing Automobile Works is a China-based automotive manufacturing company.
Baw can mean the following:
the Burmese name of Maw, one of the Shan states in 19th to 20th centuries locating in today's Burma
BAW can also be the acronym of the following:
the ICAO airline designation of British Airways
the National Rail station code of Blackwater railway station, Blackwater, Hart
Brain Awareness Week, a neuroscience organization
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1628.
Events
July 29 (Tuesday) – The King's Men perform Henry VIII at the Globe Theatre, London. George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham is in the audience, but leaves after watching the play's Duke of Buckingham beheaded. The character is based on the historical Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, who had been executed for treason in 1521. Villiers is assassinated less than a month later.
Ten-year-old Abraham Cowley produces his Tragicall History of Piramus and Thisbe.
Construction of St John's College Old Library, Cambridge, is completed after five years.
New books
Prose
Robert Arnauld d'Andilly –
John Clavell – A Recantation of an Ill Led Life
Sir John Coke – The First Part of the Institutes of the Lawes of England, or, a Commentary upon Littleton
Thomas Dekker – Wars, Wars, Wars
John Earle, Bishop of Salisbury – Microcosmographie
Nicolas des Escuteaux –
William Harvey – Exercitatio Anatomica de Motu Cordis et Sanguinis in Animalibus
Thomas Hobbes – translation of Thucydides' History of the Peloponnesian War
Samuel Przypkowski –
George Wither – Britain's Remembrancer
Drama
John Ford – The Lover's Melancholy
Thomas May – Julia Agrippina
James Shirley – The Witty Fair One
Poetry
Phineas Fletcher – Britain's Ida (falsely attributed to Edmund Spenser)
Robert Hayman – Quodlibets (first book of English poetry written in Canada)
Births
January 12 – Charles Perrault, French fairytale author (died 1703)
November 28 – John Bunyan, English religious writer (died 1703)
Unknown date – Abu Salim al-Ayyashi, Moroccan travel writer, poet and scholar (died 1679)
Deaths
February – Christopher Brooke, English poet, lawyer and politician (date of birth unknown)
February 5 (burial) – Christopher Middleton, English poet and translator (born c. 1560)
March 23 – Robert Daborne, English dramatist (born c. 1580)
October 16 – François de Malherbe, French poet and critic (born 1555)
Unknown date – Edward Allde, English printer (date of birth unknown)
Probable year of death – Nicolas des Escuteaux, French novelist (born c. 1570)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Glyphipterix barbata is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Alfred Philpott in 1918. It is found in New Zealand.
References
Moths described in 1918
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Kuruçay can refer to:
Kuruçay, Bayat
Kuruçay, Burdur
Kuruçay, Çorum
Kuruçay, Çubuk
Kuruçay, İliç
Kuruçay, Vezirköprü
The Braidy Industries Women's Tennis Classic (formerly known as the Lady of Bellefonte Hospital Tennis Classic) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts. The event is classified as a $60,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Ashland, United States, since 2004. The tournament was not held from 2009 to 2017 due to unsuitable courts.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
Official website
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
Tennis in Kentucky
Halayudha (Sanskrit: हलायुध) was a 10th-century Indian mathematician who wrote the , a commentary on Pingala's Chandaḥśāstra. The latter contains a clear description of Pascal's triangle (called meru-prastāra).
Biography
Halayudha originally resided at the Rashtrakuta capital Manyakheta, where he wrote under the patronage of emperor Krishna III. His Kavi-Rahasya eulogizes Krishna III. Later, he migrated to Ujjain in the Paramara kingdom. There, he composed Mṛta-Sañjīvanī in honour of the Paramara king Munja.
Works
Halayudha composed the following works:
Kavi-Rahasya, a book on poetics
Mṛta-Sañjīvanī, a commentary on Pingala's Chandaḥ-śāstra
Abhidhana-ratna-mala, a lexicon
Halāyudha Kośa, a dictionary
He seems to be the first person who came out with the idea of what is today called Pascal's triangle, which he called the staircase of mount Meru.
See also
Indian mathematicians
References
Bibliography
History of Rashtakutas
10th-century Indian mathematicians
Paramara kingdom
Indian Sanskrit scholars
Cool Pool, also marketed as 3D Ultra Cool Pool, is a 3D pool computer game by Sierra Attractions, and the ninth game in the 3D Ultra Series. It has an online playing feature. This game offers classic pool games such as eight-ball, but it also includes its own fantastical pool games such as Chameleon Ball and Mad Bomber, which use elements that cannot exist in real life such as color changes and explosions. This game also allows online play one on one against other players and offers text based chat during play.
A successor to the game, called Maximum Pool, was released for Microsoft Windows and Dreamcast in 2000.
On 16 August 2007 Sierra shut down the public pool game servers used by Cool Pool. "Online Forever" is a project started at PAuth.com which aims to keep Cool Pool running online.
With the help of a patch, the game will see the public poolrooms now being hosted by members of the community. Both Cool Pool can be patched to see these poolroom servers.
References
External links
1999 video games
Cue sports video games
Sierra Entertainment games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Dynamix games
Video games developed in the United States
The Geokchay uezd (pre-reform Russian: , tr. Geokcháysky uyézd; ) was an uezd ("county") within the Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and Azerbaijan SSR until its formal abolishment in 1929. The uezd was located in the central part of the uezd, bordering the Kuba uezd to the north, the Shemakhi uezd to the east, the Javad uezd to the south and the Elisabethpol Governorate to the west. The administrative center of the uezd was the city of Geokchay (Goychay).
History
The Geokchay uezd was formed in 1868 as part of the Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was later abolished in 1929 by Soviet authorities during an administrative reorganisation of the region into rayons.
Administrative divisions
The uchastoks ("subcounties") of the Geokchay uezd in 1912 were as follows:
Demographics
Russian Empire census (1897)
According to the Russian Empire census of 1897, the Geokchay uezd had a population of 117,705, including 64,133 men and 53,572 women. The majority of the population indicated Tatar (later known as Azerbaijani) to be their mother tongue, with significant Armenian and Tat speaking minorities.
Caucasian Calendar (1917)
According to the 1917 publication of the Caucasian Calendar, the Geokchay uezd had 134,098 residents in 1916, including 73,891 men and 60,207 women, 127,650 of whom were the permanent population, and 6,448 were temporary residents:
Soviet census (1926)
According to the 1926 census, the population of the uezd was 172,851.
Notes
References
Geographic history of Azerbaijan
States and territories established in 1840
1840 establishments in the Russian Empire
1929 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
Uezds of Baku Governorate
Uezds of the Soviet Union
States and territories disestablished in 1929
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Ochoco Creek is a tributary of the Crooked River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River, it arises in the Ochoco National Forest in Wheeler County and flows generally southwest and west for most of its length through Crook County to slightly northwest of Prineville.
Course
Ochoco Creek begins in the extreme southwestern corner of Wheeler County near its border with Crook County in the Ochoco National Forest. Entering Crook County, it flows southwest for about two-thirds of its course, roughly parallel to Forest Road 22 and U.S. Route 26 to the Crooked River near Prineville.
In its first , Ochoco Creek receives Camp Creek from the left then Aholt and McAllister creeks, both from the right, then Judy, Fisher, and Canyon creeks, all from the left. At about river mile (RM) 25 or river kilometer (RK 40), Coyle Creek and then Metal Creek enter from the right. Between there and the Ochoco Reservoir and Ochoco Lake State Park, the creek receives Garden Creek from the right, Douthit, Duncan, and Wolf creeks and Camp Branch, all from the left, and Salmon Creek from the right. Leaving the national forest, it receives Veasle and Lawson creeks from the left and Polly Creek from the right before entering the reservoir. As part of the lake, it receives Mill Creek from the right at about RM 12 (RK 19).
Flowing west from the lower end of the lake at about RM 9 (RK 14), the creek runs through the Prineville Golf and Country Club, passes under Highway 26 and enters Prineville and Ochoco Creek Park north of the highway at about RM 4 (RK 6). Turning northwest out of Prineville, the stream soon passes under Highway 26 again and enters the Crooked River roughly from its confluence with the Deschutes River, a tributary of the Columbia River.
See also
List of rivers in Oregon
References
External links
Crooked River Watershed Council
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Crook County, Oregon
Prineville, Oregon
Emanuel J. Brooks (born November 27, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division. A professional since 2010, he has fought in Bellator MMA.
Background
Brooks competed in wrestling at Cahokia High School, and later at the University of Missouri.
Mixed martial arts career
Bellator MMA
Brooks made his Bellator debut on October 8, 2011 at Bellator 53. He faced Greg Scott and won via second-round TKO.
He then quickly returned against Willian de Souza at Bellator 56 on October 29, 2011. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks faced Mikhail Malyutin at Bellator 65 on April 13, 2012. He won via unanimous decision.
Brooks faced Kalvin Hackney at Bellator 69 on May 18, 2012. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks was expected to face Joey Holt on June 22, 2012 at Bellator 71. However, the bout was cancelled for unknown reasons.
Brooks faced Darrell Horcher on October 19, 2012 at Bellator 77. Brooks lost the fight via KO in the first round.
Post-Bellator
Brooks was scheduled to face Billy Evangelista at MMA Xtreme on August 24, 2013. The bout was cancelled for unknown reasons. Brooks was expected to face Yosdenis Cedeno at CFA 12 on October 12, 2013. However, this bout was also cancelled for unknown reasons.
Over a year away from competition, Brooks returned and faced Johnny Case at RFA 10: Rhodes vs. Jouban on October 25, 2013. He lost the fight via split decision.
Brooks was expected to face Zach Juusola on March 7, 2014 at RFA 13. The bout was cancelled for unknown reasons.
Brooks faced Alex Ricci on May 30, 2014 at Substance Cage Combat 2.0. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks was expected to face Efrain Escudero at Titan FC 29 on August 22, 2014. The bout was cancelled when Escudero re-signed with the UFC.
Brooks faced Todd Moore on September 26, 2014 at Titan FC 30. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
In June 2015, Brooks lost to Brazilian fighter Ricardo Tirloni in the main event of Arena Tour 6.
Brooks faced Jason Novelli at Titan FC 35: Healy vs. Hawn on September 19, 2015. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks faced Ben Egli at Titan FC 37: Simon vs. Dos Santos on March 4, 2016. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks faced Dakota Cochrane at VFC 56 on April 14, 2017. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Return to Bellator and other promotions
Brooks returned to Bellator and faced Guilherme Vasconcelos at Bellator 181 on July 14, 2017. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Brooks won by decision against Husein Kushagov at Absolute Championship Akhmat on April 21, 2018, in Rimini, Italy.
Brooks won against Steve Kennedy at Absolute Championship Akhmat on June 16, 2018, in Brisbane, Australia.
Brooks lost due to an arm injury against Logan Storley at Bellator 233 on Nov. 9, 2019. The fight was stopped after the first round.
Brooks defeated Derek Holly at Fighting Alliance Championship 5, in Kansas City by submission due to Brabo choke at 4:58 in the 3rd round.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–6
|Derek Holly
|Submission (brabo choke)
|FAC 5
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:58
|Independence, Missouri, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|13–6
|Logan Storley
|TKO (doctor stoppage)
|Bellator 233
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|5:00
|Thackerville, Oklahoma, United States
|Catchweight (175 lb) bout.
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–5
|Steve Kennedy
|Decision (unanimous)
|ACB 88: Barnatt vs. Celiński
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Brisbane, Australia
|Middleweight debut.
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–5
|Husein Kushagov
|Decision (split)
|ACB 85: Leone vs Ginazov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rimini, Italy
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–5
|Guilherme Vasconcelos
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 181
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Thackerville, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–5
|Dakota Cochrane
|Decision (unanimous)
|VFC 56
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Omaha, Nebraska, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–5
|Ben Egli
|Decision (unanimous)
|Titan FC 37: Simon vs. Dos Santos
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Ridgefield, Washington, United States
|Welterweight debut.
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–5
|Jason Novelli
|Decision (unanimous)
|Titan FC 35: Healy vs. Hawn
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Ridgefield, Washington, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–4
|Ricardo Tirloni
|Decision (unanimous)
|Arena Tour 6: Tirloni vs. Brooks
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Cordoba, Argentina
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–3
|Todd Moore
|Decision (unanimous)
|Titan FC 30: Brilz vs. Magalhaes
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Cedar Park, Texas, United States
|Catchweight (165 lb) bout.
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–3
|Alex Ricci
|Decision (unanimous)
|Substance Cage Combat 2.0
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–2
|Johnny Case
|Decision (split)
|RFA 10: Rhodes vs. Jouban
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Des Moines, Iowa, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–1
|Darrell Horcher
|KO (punch)
|Bellator 77
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:21
|Reading, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–0
|Kalvin Hackney
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 69
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Lake Charles, Louisiana, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0
|Mikhail Malyutin
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 65
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Willian de Souza
|Decision (unanimous)
|Bellator 56
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Kansas City, Kansas, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Greg Scott
|TKO (punches)
|Bellator 53
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:40
|Miami, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Matt Rider
|Submission (arm-triangle choke)
|Fight Me MMA: Trujillo vs. Gwaltney
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:58
|St. Charles, Missouri, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Evian Rodriguez
|Submission (arm-triangle choke)
|WC: Wright Fights 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:36
|St. Charles, Missouri, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Eric Kriegermeier
|Decision (split)
|SportFight X 3: Undefeated
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlanta, Georgia, United States
|
References
Living people
1985 births
American male mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
People from Cahokia, Illinois
Dame Angela Rosemary Emily Strank (born October 1952) is head of downstream technology and chief scientist of BP, responsible for technology across all the refining, petrochemicals, lubricants and fuels businesses.
Education
Strank was educated at the University of Manchester where she received a Bachelor of Science degree in geology in 1975 followed by a PhD in micropalaeontology in 1981. Her doctoral research investigated the foraminiferal stratigraphy of the Holkerian, Asbian and Brigantian stages of the British lower carboniferous and was supervised by Fred M. Broadhurst.
Career
In 1980, Strank joined the British Geological Survey by what she says was becoming a geologist "by accident".
In 1982, she joined BP as a geologist. In 2013, she joined the University of Manchester's board of governors. In April 2014, she was appointed chief scientist. She also serves as a non-executive director at Severn Trent Water plc.
Honours and awards
In 2010, she won the UK First Women's Award in Science and Technology, an award sponsored by the UK Government (CBI) in recognition of pioneering UK women in business and industry.
In the 2017 Birthday Honours, Strank was appointed Dame Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (DBE). In the same year she was elected a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng). She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2018 for substantial contributions to the improvement of natural knowledge. She was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science (DSc) by Royal Holloway, University of London in 2018.
Coat of Arms
By Letters Patent of Garter and Clarenceux Kings of Arms dated 1 July 2019, from the College of Arms, Strank was granted arms:
Personal life
Strank has two children.
References
1952 births
Living people
21st-century women engineers
Alumni of the University of Manchester
BP people
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Place of birth missing (living people)
Target Hill () is a prominent hill which rises 1,010 m above the level of Larsen Ice Shelf. It stands 6 nautical miles (11 km) west of Mount Fritsche on the south flank of Leppard Glacier in eastern Graham Land. The hill was the most westerly point reached by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) survey party in 1955; it was visible to the party as a target upon which to steer from the summit of Richthofen Pass.
Hills of Graham Land
Oscar II Coast
Aiden Robert Hogarth (born 2 May 1988) better known as S.K.I.T.Z Beatz is an English composer and record producer based in London, England, and has been responsible for production for brand campaigns for Nike, Adidas, Jaguar, Lexus, Guinness, Puma, River Island & Ford and PlayStation.
In a February 2015 editorial feature popular music website Noisey credited SK!TZ with being "One of the most respected producers in the British scene"
Collaborators
Hogarth has also produced for many notable artists including:
Dizzee Rascal, Wiley, Skepta, Tempa T. and Wretch 32.
In mid-2015 Hogarth assisted American producer Timbaland on production for the record "Come Get It" feat Pusha T, Emerson Windy and P Money the video was exclusively premiered on MTV.
Television and film
In 2010, he was appointed as composer on BBC's EastEnders: E20 followed by MTV series 'Slips' Channel 4 / E4's musical dramedy Youngers. with the British newspaper The Observer highlighting that Youngers "deserves every award going including the best soundtrack". In a Tweet on 9 December 2014, he revealed that he had 'finished composition on Dani's Castle for BBC & ABC3' and the Channel 4 documentary Men In Pubs. In early 2017 Hogarth headed up composition on Channel 4 television series Pirate Mentality and Sky Atlantic production Guerilla Sounds featuring Idris Elba + Frida Pinto, in addition to composing the soundtrack for UK feature film The Weekend.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
English electronic musicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sharples, a suburb of Bolton, was a township of the civil and ecclesiastical parish of Bolton le Moors in the Salford a hundred of Lancashire, England.
It lay 2½ miles north of Bolton.
It contained the smaller settlements of Banktop, Sweet-Loves, High-Houses, Gale, Folds, Belmont, Piccadilly, Water-Meetings, Old Houses and part of Astley Bridge.
History
Sharples was recorded in documents as Charples in 1212, Sharples and Scharples in 1292 and the manor was part of the Barony or Lordship of Manchester in the Middle ages and was separated and then further divided into shares by subinfeudation. Sharples was the name of a local family who lived at Sharples Hall, the Lawson family owned the Hall at the time that the manor became partitioned after the death of Dr John Sharples Lawson who died in 1816. The next family to live and own the hall were the Rothwells.
Sharples contained forty-three hearths liable to the hearth tax in 1666. During the Industrial Revolution coal was mined on a small scale and cotton mills, calico print-works, extensive bleach-works were built in Belmont and Astley Bridge.
Malcolm Howe of Chelsea, a native of Sharples and published historian, with expertise in heraldry, had purchased manorial rights through an intermediary acting on behalf of the descendants of the owner as an historic relic to preserve its existence and keep the rights within the borough, at a cost of £15,000 in 2006. At the same time designing a heraldic badge for Sharples. In the same year he gifted the rights to Bolton Council whilst retaining rights to continue the use of the title of Lord of Sharples.
Governance
Historically, Sharples formed part of the Hundred of Salford, a judicial division of southwest Lancashire, whilst administered from St Peter's Church, at Great Bolton. Under provisions of the Poor Relief Act 1662, townships replaced parishes as the main units of local administration in Lancashire. Sharples became one of the eighteen autonomous townships of the parish of Bolton le Moors. In 1837, Sharples became part of the Bolton Poor Law Union, which took over the responsibility for the administration and funding of the Poor Law in that area.
In 1864 Lower Sharples and part of Little Bolton became Astley Bridge Local Board of Health and in 1894 Astley Bridge Urban District before being merged in Bolton County Borough in 1898. Upper Sharples became Belmont civil parish in the Bolton Rural District from 1894 to 1898 when it became part of Turton Urban District and in 1974 became part of Blackburn District in Lancashire.
Geography
The township, on ground rising to the north of Bolton, had an area of 3920 acres divided into two portions. Upper Sharples on the slopes of Winter Hill and Whimberry Hill contained the districts of Hordern, Belmont, and the hamlet of Bromiley and a reservoir built by Bolton Waterworks formed the boundary between Sharples and Longworth. Lower Sharples was separated from the upper portion by a detached portion of Little Bolton. Astley Bridge is in Lower Sharples. The old road over the West Pennine Moors from Bolton to Preston via Astley Bridge and Withnell, now the A675 passed through the township for five miles. Much of the land is high moorland.
Education
The main secondary school serving the area is Sharples School, located on Hill Cot Road.
Religion
St Peter's church in Belmont was built in 1850.
References
Areas of Bolton
History of the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton
West Pennine Moors
Geography of Blackburn with Darwen
Spatalla is a genus containing 20 species of flowering plants, commonly known as "spoons", in the family Proteaceae. The genus is endemic to the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa where it is associated with fynbos habitats. The species are all small shrubs. The name is derived from the Greek, meaning “wantonness”, alluding to the plants' unusually large pollen-presenters. Most species are threatened.
Species
Described species are listed below, with their conservation status:
Spatalla argentea Rourke – Silver-leaf spoon – EN
Spatalla barbigera Salisb. ex Knight – Fine-leaf spoon – NT
Spatalla caudata (Thunb.) R.Br. – Woolly-hair spoon – EN
Spatalla colorata Meisn. – Shiny spoon – EN
Spatalla confusa (E.Phillips) Rourke – Long-tube spoon – LC
Spatalla curvifolia Salisb. ex Knight – White-stalked spoon – NT
Spatalla ericoides E.Phillips – Erica-leaf spoon – EN
Spatalla incurva (Thunb.) R.Br. – Swan-head spoon – LC
Spatalla longifolia Salisb. ex Knight – Pink-stalked spoon – NT
Spatalla mollis R.Br. – Woolly spoon – Rare
Spatalla nubicola Rourke – Medusa spoon – NT
Spatalla parilis Salisb. ex Knight – Spike spoon – LC
Spatalla prolifera (Thunb.) Salisb. ex Knight – Palmiet spoon – EN
Spatalla propinqua R.Br. – Lax spoon – EN
Spatalla racemosa (L.) Druce – Lax-stalked spoon – NT
Spatalla salsoloides (R.Br.) Rourke – Kink-style spoon – CR
Spatalla setacea (R.Br.) Rourke – Needle-leaf spoon – LC
Spatalla squamata Meisn. – Silky spoon – NT
Spatalla thyrsiflora Salisb. ex Knight – Swan-neck spoon – VU
Spatalla tulbaghensis (E.Phillips) Rourke – Shaggy-hair spoon – EN
Gallery
References
Proteaceae genera
Endemic flora of South Africa
Flora of the Cape Provinces
Nu Kappa Epsilon () is a music sorority which, according to its charter, was established to "promote the growth and development of musical activities and appreciation on campus and in the community where chapters have been formed and to develop in the members the best qualities of character through music." Founded in 1994 at the College of William & Mary, each NKE chapter supports its own music-related philanthropy.
History
Alpha chapter
Nu Kappa Epsilon was founded on August 25, 1994 at the College of William & Mary. Although NKE is not a social sorority nor connected to any professional music organizations, it considers itself a sisterhood, providing a place for women with a love for music to connect. Each NKE chapter supports its own philanthropy and promotes the use of music to "improve and empower day-to-day life." The sorority flower is the white rose, and its colors are hunter green and burgundy.
Founding Sisters of Nu Kappa Epsilon:
President: Anne Steinbach, '97
Vice President: Laura Fejfar, '95
Secretary: Liz Shiflett, '96
Treasurer: Susanna Smith, '96
Rush Chair: Heather Carter, '96
Historian: Alison Armstrong, '97
Social Chair: Erin Jones, '97
Liaison: Kristi Ramey, '98
Publicity: Kelley Bartell, '97
Sister: Shannon Ashley '98
Sister: Sarah Balcom '98
Sister: Holly Collins '96
Sister: Brenda Herrold '95
Sister: Anne Marks '98
Sister: Leanna McCoy '95
Sister: Shannon Mully '98
Sister: Karen Supetran '97
Sister: Tina Tennenhaus '96
Sister: Chisty Wright '96
Sister: Kristen Yates '97
Beta chapter
Since its founding at the College of William & Mary, a Beta chapter was installed on March 14, 2005 at Christopher Newport University in Newport News, Virginia. Annually, NKE Beta hosts an Open Mic Night, retreats, Rose Ball formal, and events for Out of the Darkness, Playing for Change Foundation and Relay for Life. Philanthropies are chosen which incorporate the values of a love for music and sisterhood. NKE also serves Christopher Newport University and the local community through fundraising events and other volunteer opportunities. NKE Beta chapter's main philanthropy is the Playing for Change Foundation.
Beta chapter's Founding Sisters:
Jillian (Smetts) Woycik
Becky (Andrews) Maxey, '08
Katie Lamp, '08
Sara Warrick, '06
Gamma chapter
A Gamma chapter of Nu Kappa Epsilon was installed at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, popularly known as Virginia Tech, on March 28, 2015. NKE Gamma sisters participate in a multitude of groups around campus, including Relay for Life, the New River Valley Symphony, varsity sports and many more. NKE Gamma chapter's main philanthropy is the Songs for Kids Foundation. Since becoming their own chapter, Gamma has gone inactive.
Gamma chapter's Founding Sisters:
Rachel Orris
Maha Slamani
Corinne von Schmidt-Pauli
Blair Retnauer
Abigail Wright
Brianna Childress
Evie Gillis
Murphy Boales
Jessica Cotton
Caroline Moore
Claire Gagnon
Delta Chapter
A Delta chapter of Nu Kappa Epsilon was installed at Cornell University on September 6, 2020. After being a colony for a year, they initiated their Alpha class, and became an official chapter.
Delta Chapter's Founding Sisters:
Julia Ludwig
Deniz Tekant
Samhita Pendyal
Marinna Chung
Joo hyun Lee
Victoria Correa
Mallory Azziz
Grace Gu
Hayley Tessler
Elizabeth Klosky
Skiva Wang
Purpose
According to its charter, "Nu Kappa Epsilon was established to promote the growth and development of musical activities and appreciation on campus and in the community where chapters have been formed and to develop in the members the best qualities of character through music."
Philanthropy
Nu Kappa Epsilon aims to support the community through both music and time. This includes but is not limited to participating in Relay for Life, Dance Marathon, and ushering at musical performances. Every chapter of Nu Kappa Epsilon has the opportunity to choose their own philanthropy to support, as long as it is music-related. The various chapters currently raise funds and awareness for organizations which include, but are not limited to: the Out of the Darkness Walk, Guitars Not Guns, Relay for Life, Letters for Soldiers, and the Songs for Kids Foundation.
Expansion
Since its founding in 1994, NKE has established three subsequent chapters.
The Vice President of Nu Kappa Epsilon's founding, Alpha chapter is responsible for the Nationals budget, which may be used for a NKE conference or for expansion activities. Female students with an interest in music at any accredited college or university are eligible to found a chapter of Nu Kappa Epsilon, in conjunction with Nationals at the College of William & Mary.
Connection to Sigma Alpha Iota
Nu Kappa Epsilon was founded in an attempt to garner attention from the International Music Fraternity for Women, Sigma Alpha Iota (SAI). However, upon being offered colony status by SAI, NKE officers made the decision that the transition would involve the loss of sisters who did not meet certain music class requirements of SAI. In an effort to maintain its founding purpose and inclusiveness, NKE chose to remain separate from SAI.
Notable Alumnae
Jill Twiss, Alpha chapter, 1998 - Jill graduated from the College of William & Mary in 1998. She is a member of a writing team for Last Week Tonight with John Oliver which won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series in 2015-2016.
References
http://www.nukappaepsilonmusicsorority.blogs.wm.edu/
http://www.nkecnu.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nkebeta
Fraternities and sororities in the United States
Student organizations established in 1994
College of William & Mary
Christopher Newport University
Virginia Tech
1994 establishments in Virginia
Lee Jun (; born 14 July 1997) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Gwangju FC.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Yonsei University alumni
South Korean footballers
South Korea youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Pohang Steelers players
Gwangju FC players
The 2004 Top League Challenge Series was the 2004 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2004–05 season. The competition was contested from 10 to 24 January 2004.
IBM Big Blue and Toyota Verblitz won promotion to the 2004–05 Top League, while Kyuden Voltex and Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2.
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2004–05 Top League, while the third-placed team in Challenge 1 and the Challenge 2 winner qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2003 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2003 Top West League were:
Toyota Verblitz qualified for Challenge 1.
Toyota Industries Shuttles qualified for Challenge 2.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2003 Top East League were:
IBM Big Blue qualified for Challenge 1.
Kamaishi Seawaves qualified for Challenge 2 after a play-off series involving them, Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars and NTT Burns.
The following matches were played:
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2003 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Coca-Cola West Red Sparks and Kyuden Voltex qualified to the Second Phase.
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 1.
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2004 Top League Challenge 1 were:
IBM Big Blue and Toyota Verblitz won promotion to the 2004–05 Top League.
Kyuden Voltex progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2004 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2004 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks and Kamaishi Seawaves remain in the regional leagues.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2004 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2003–04 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2004 Challenge
2003–04 in Japanese rugby union
2004 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Damian Forder (born 11 March 1979) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a left-handed medium-pace bowler. At 6 foot 4 inches tall, he was lined up to replace Mike Smith after the Gloucestershire man retired.
However, the young bowler was unable to secure a place in the Gloucestershire side in 1999, and left inauspiciously two years later, along with Mike Cawdron, Tom Cotterell and Michael Sutliff.
External links
Damien Forder at CricketArchive
1979 births
Forder, Damien
Forder, Damien
Gloucestershire Cricket Board cricketers
Francesca Sanvitale (17 May 1928 – 9 February 2011) was an Italian novelist and journalist, "one of Italy's most renowned contemporary authors".
Life
Born in Milan, Francesca Sanvitale lived in Florence for two decades, gaining a degree there in Italian literature before moving to Rome in 1961. She wrote television plays and contributed to cultural programmes for RAI.
Her first novel was Il cuore borghese (1972). Madre e figlia (1980), a semi-autobiographical novel about an intense relationship between a mother and her illegitimate child, won both the Fregene Prize and the Pozzale Luigi Russo Prize. The protagonist in Sanvitale's third novel, L'uomo del parco (1984), attempted to find the truth about herself through psychoanalysis. As well as other novels, Sanvitale collected short stories in La realtà è un dono (1987) and Separazioni (1997). L'inizio è in autunno won the Viareggio Prize in 2008.
She died in Rome.
Works
Il cuore borghese [The bourgeois heart], 1972
Madre e figlia, 1980
L'uomo del parco: romanzo [The man in the heart], 1984
La realtà è un dono: racconti [Reality is a gift: stories], 1987
Mettendo a fuoco : pagine di letteratura e realtà, 1988
(tr.) Il diavolo in corpo by Raymond Radiguet, 1989. Translated from the French Le Diable au corps (1923)
Verso Paola, 1991
Il figlio dell'Impero, 1993
Tre favole dell'ansia e dell'ombra, 1994
Separazioni [Separations], 1997
Camera ottica: pagine di letteratura e realtà, 1999
L'ultima casa prima del bosco, 2003
L'inizio è in autunno, 2008
References
External links
1928 births
2011 deaths
Journalists from Milan
Writers from Milan
20th-century Italian novelists
21st-century Italian novelists
The men's 100m butterfly events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S8
S9
S10
S11
S12
S13
Heats
11 swimmers from eight nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Aloe pembana (the "Pemba Aloe", previously Lomatophyllum pembanum) is a species of Aloe indigenous to the island of Pemba and surrounding islets, off the coast of Tanzania.
Description
It is part of a group of aloes which bear fleshy berries, and were therefore classed as a separate group, Lomatophyllum. Within this group it is most closely related to Aloe aldabrensis and Aloe alexandrei - both also from islands in the Mozambique channel - and Aloe peyrierasii from the north east corner of Madagascar. The Pemba aloe differs from these species by its growth into dense clumps, its flower colour, and its longer inflorescence.
The Pemba aloe forms short, erect stems, offsets and suckers from its base, and forms large clumps. Its leaves are a shiny green with white margins and teeth. Its multi-branched inflorescence bears red flowers in racemes, and its seeds develop in fleshy berries.
Distribution
While it was formerly widespread across Pemba and surrounding islands, it now only occurs on Misali island, off the Pemba coast, where it grows in dappled shade in the sandy coastal scrub.
The Pemba aloe occurs over an extremely small area, with only a few hundred individual plants remaining in the wild. This species was only fully discovered in 1995. It is currently threatened by habitat degradation, trampling by fishermen and collection for traditional medicine.
References
pembana
Endemic flora of Tanzania
Endangered flora of Africa
Angela Desveaux is a Canadian singer-songwriter, based in Montreal, Quebec, whose style blends a diverse mix of pop, rock and country influences.
Background
Raised on Cape Breton Island, Desveaux later moved to Montreal and began performing as a vocalist with local country and folk bands, and released a self-titled independent album in 2005. She subsequently met Howard Bilerman, a producer and musician associated with Arcade Fire, who helped her to assemble a band and to record her 2006 album Wandering Eyes.
She released her third album, The Mighty Ship, in 2008.
Desveaux's supporting band currently consists of Julie Doiron on guitar, Eric Digras on bass and Gilles Castilloux on drums.
Discography
Angela Desveaux (2005)
Wandering Eyes (2006)
The Mighty Ship (2008)
References
Living people
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian women rock singers
Singers from Montreal
Canadian women pop singers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hercules Gennaro Renda (September 5, 1917 – October 12, 2005) was an American football player and coach. He played for the University of Michigan football team from 1937 to 1939. He was an assistant football coach at Michigan under Fritz Crisler from 1940 to 1941. He later served as a high school football and track coach in Pontiac, Michigan for many years and was inducted into the Michigan High School Coaches Hall of Fame.
Early years
A native of West Virginia born to Italian immigrant parents, Renda grew up in Cabin Creek in the state's coal country. He was named after a brand of mining dynamite ("Hercules Dynamite" and "Hercules Powder") that was popular among West Virginia coal miners at the time.
Renda became a star athlete at East Bank High School in East Bank, West Virginia. During the summers, he worked as a "tippler" at the coal mine. During the school year, he played basketball and football and ran the dash and low hurdles for the track team. He was badly injured in a high school basketball game when he was "bumped while in the air with both feet off the floor and landed on his head." Renda later said that five weeks in the hospital taught him that football was the best and safest sport after all.
As a high school senior in 1935, Renda drew attention from the West Virginia press for his skill as a running back. The state's leading newspaper, the Charleston Gazette wrote in October 1935: "In Hercules Renda, East Bank will show its greatest running back of all time. Renda has scored 11 times for East Bank this year and his runs have varied from 10 to 95 yards." In November 1935, the Gazette called him "stocky Hercules Renda, a fast stepping but nevertheless rugged halfback, who has been running wild all season." (Twenty years later, NBA Hall of Famer Jerry West attended East Bank High; West was nicknamed "Zeke from Cabin Creek".)
University of Michigan
Two University of Michigan alumni, Lon Barringer and Rocco Gorman, recruited Renda and his high school teammate, Joe Savilla, to play football for the Michigan Wolverines. Renda and Savilla both enrolled at the University of Michigan. The Michigan Daily depicted the two West Virginia recruits as something of an odd pair—Renda was a 5-foot, 4 inch halfback, and Savilla was a 6-foot, 4 inch tackle. Despite his small size (5 feet 4 inches and 152 pounds), Renda played for Michigan's freshman team in 1936 and for the varsity team from 1937 to 1939. His performance on the freshman team in 1936 was summed up as follows: "On the offense he runs like a frightened deer and is deathly with his tackles while on defense."
After one of his first games in 1937, the Michigan Alumnus wrote:"And once more Michigan has a colorful football hero. Little Hercules Renda, five feet four inches 'tall' and 152 pounds of relentless energy, ran, squirmed and tackled his way into the hearts of thousands on thousands of Wolverine rooters whose frenzied cheers welcomed his first great touchdown catch and plunge, and warmed excitedly to his never-ceasing battling. Renda never stopped. ... Michigan took little Hercules Renda to its heart last Saturday and, unless all signs are wrong, this midget from the hills of West Virginia will write his name high in the Wolverine athletic annals."
Press coverage of Renda often focused on his short stature, and often referred to him as the "midget" from West Virginia. An Associated Press story in 1937 reported that Renda was "just about the shortest first-string football player in the U.S." but noted that he "travels with the power of a tank."
Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "greatest football player in America for his height." During the 1938 and 1939 seasons, Renda saw limited action, as Michigan had Forest Evashevski and Tom Harmon in the backfield. He became principally a blocking back in the 1938 and 1939 seasons. At the time of his death in 2005, the University of Michigan issued a press release stating, "Renda may have been one of the shortest football players in U-M history, standing only 5-3, but his speed and quickness plus his 17-inch calves made him an extremely tough running back to tackle."
Assistant coach under Crisler
After graduating from Michigan, Renda was hired as an assistant football coach at Michigan. He served as an assistant coach under Fritz Crisler during the 1940 and 1941 seasons. Michigan finished with a record of 13 wins, 2 losses and 1 tie during Renda's two seasons as an assistant coach.
World War II
With the entry of the United States into World War II, Renda joined the U.S. Army and reported to Fort Custer Training Center in December 1942. In June 1942, he was transferred to the U.S. Army Air Corps and sent to Miami, Florida, for training as an officer and physical instructor.
High school coaching career
After the war, Renda had a long career as a high school football coach. He coached at Flint Central High School. From 1948 to 1951, he was the head football coach at Pontiac High School in Pontiac, Michigan. Renda's teams won 18 games, lost 25 and tied 2 during his five years at Pontiac High School. Renda told reporters in March 1953 that he had been fired by the school board for objecting to its "win-or-else" policy. Renda later returned to the Pontiac schools as head track coach and assistant football coach at Pontiac Northern High School until his retirement in 1982. He was inducted into the Michigan High School Coaches Hall of Fame.
Renda died in October 2005 at age 88 while taking his daily walk on the track at Pontiac Northern High School. A few years after his death in 2005, a local paper wrote: "Herk spent more than five decades in Pontiac helping students as a coach, administrator and just being the ultimate good neighbor. Since his passing a couple years ago, the world hasn't quite been as good a place. Everybody who knew Herk will tell you that."
References
1917 births
2005 deaths
American people of Italian descent
High school football coaches in Michigan
Michigan Wolverines football coaches
Michigan Wolverines football players
People from Cabin Creek, West Virginia
Sportspeople from Pontiac, Michigan
Players of American football from West Virginia
C. (Carl) Allin Cornell (September 19, 1938 – December 14, 2007) was a civil engineer, a researcher, and a professor who made important contributions to reliability theory and earthquake engineering and, along with Dr. Luis Esteva, developed the field of Probabilistic Seismic Hazard Analysis in 1968.
Biography
Cornell was born in Mobridge, South Dakota in 1938. He received his A.B. in architecture in 1960 and M.S. and Ph.D. in civil engineering in 1961 and 1964 respectively, all at Stanford University. He held a professorship at the MIT from 1964 to 1983, and in 1983 became a Research Professor at Stanford University. He was awarded the Moisseiff Award (1977), two Norman Medals (1983, 2003), and the Freudenthal Medal (1988) from the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). He also received the Harry Fielding Reid Medal of the Seismological Society of America (SSA) in 2001, and the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute (EERI) Housner Medal in 2003. He was a Fellow of the American Geophysical Union (2002) and Member of the National Academy of Engineering (1981). His wife was Dr. Elisabeth Paté-Cornell, formerly chair of Stanford's Department of Management Science and Engineering, and one of his five children is Eric Allin Cornell Nobel Laureate in Physics.
He is best known for his 1968 seminal paper "Engineering Seismic Risk Analysis" that started the field of Probabilistic Seismic Hazard analysis (PSHA), his work in reliability especially on second-moment methods and reliability-based code calibration, and his development of the probabilistic framework for performance-based earthquake engineering that became the unifying equation of the Pacific Earthquake Engineering Research (PEER) Center. His 1971 book, Probability, Statistics,
and Decision for Civil Engineers (coauthored with Jack Benjamin), exposed an entire generation of civil and structural engineering students to the field of probabilistic modeling and decision analysis, and remains a standard reference for students and researchers to this day.
As of 2011, the International Civil Engineering Risk and Reliability Association (CERRA) has renamed its quadrennial scientific recognition award as the C. Allin Cornell Award, in honor of its first recipient.
Students
See also
Probabilistic risk assessment
Seismic hazard
Seismic risk
References
External links
Obituary from the Stanford University News Service
Obituary from the EERI Newsletter
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Stanford University School of Engineering alumni
Stanford University School of Engineering faculty
1938 births
2007 deaths
Earthquake engineering
People from Mobridge, South Dakota
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
People from Portola Valley, California
There have been five ships in the Royal Navy to bear the name HMS Illustrious. The ship's motto is "Vox Non Incerta" which translates as "No Uncertain Sound".
was a 74-gun third rate, and launched at Buckler's Hard in 1789. She had two engagements against the French Navy, at Toulon in 1793 and at Genoa where she suffered severe damage and won a battle honour. While returning home in tow for repairs she ran aground due to an extremely violent storm. Shortly afterwards she was set ablaze and abandoned.
was launched at Rotherhithe in 1803 and was like her predecessor a 74-gun third rate. She was involved in battles off the Basque Roads, in which she won a battle honour, and off Java in Indonesia. In 1854 she became a training ship and continued as one until she was broken up in 1868 in Portsmouth.
was a , launched in 1896 and scrapped in 1920. Two of her 12-inch guns were remounted in the Tyne Turrets.
was an commissioned in 1940. In the same year she became the first carrier to strike against an enemy fleet, and was in service until 1954.
was an commissioned in 1982 and decommissioned in 2014.
Battle honours
Genoa 1795
Basque Roads 1809
Taranto 1940
Mediterranean 1940–1941
Malta Convoys 1941
Diego Suarez 1942
Salerno 1943
Sabang 1944
Palembang 1945
Okinawa 1945
References
Royal Navy History
Royal Navy ship names
Bander Abdulrahman Al-Mohanna () is a Saudi Arabian businessman and the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Flynas, the leading low-cost airline based in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Early life and education
Mr. Almohanna completed his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from King Saud University, Riyadh in 1993, and obtained an MBA degree from American University in 1998 and a Master's of Actuarial Mathematics & Finance from the University of Michigan Ann Arbor in 2002. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Career
In 2003, Mr. Almohanna was appointed as Chief Financial Analyst at Makshaff Investments and Services where he was tasked with overseeing transportation, media, insurance and real estate divisions of the Group. Furthermore, throughout 11 years of his career, Mr. Almohanna held several positions at the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA), the central bank of Saudi Arabia, including the Banking Supervision Department.
Mr. Almohanna's career with National Air Services (flynas) started in 2006 with his appointment as Chief Financial Officer. He was promoted to Vice President of flynas in 2007, and later to Chief Executive Officer in February 2015.
Serving through various positions at flynas / NAS Holding, Mr. Almohanna played a key role in the development of the various subsidiaries and brands listed under it, especially flynas, the first leading low-cost airline in Saudi Arabia, and flynas Hajj & Umrah.
Additionally, Mr. Almohanna is the Chairman of MEFIC Capital and a member of the Board of Directors for multiple companies including flynas, NAS ExecuJet and Saudi Air Navigation Services (SANS).
References
Saudi Arabian chief executives
Chief financial officers
Living people
King Saud University alumni
Kogod School of Business alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Michigan alumni
Tobias Damm (born 30 October 1983) is a German football manager and a former player who is the manager of KSV Hessen Kassel. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Coaching career
On 9 October 2019, Damm was appointed manager of KSV Hessen Kassel, where he spent many years as a player. On 19 December 2019, he extended his contract until 30 June 2021.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
People from Homberg (Efze)
Sportspeople from Kassel (region)
German footballers
Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
Wuppertaler SV players
KSV Hessen Kassel players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Hesse
German football managers
KSV Hessen Kassel managers
is a Japanese band formed in 2013. It consists of: Daiki Tsuneta (Vocalist & Guitarist), Satoru Iguchi (Vocalist & Keyboardist), Kazuki Arai (Bassist) and Yu Seki (Drummer). The band's main songwriter is Daiki Tsuneta, who also performs as part of the creative collective Millennium Parade.
Career
In 2013, Mrs.Vinci was formed, later going by Srv.Vinci.
In 2017, they renamed themselves to King Gnu. They then performed at the Fuji Rock Festival in 2017 and 2018.
In January 2019, the band released Sympa, their first release under a major label after signing to Ariola Japan. The following month, King Gnu released hit song "Hakujitsu", which ranked No.4 in the year-end chart of Billboard Japan Hot 100. In October, they released "Kasa" and achieved their first No.1 on the Billboard Japan Download Chart. Ceremony was a commercial success, peaking atop the Japanese Oricon albums chart, the Billboard Japan albums chart, and was one of the 10 best-selling albums of 2020 worldwide by selling over one million copies.
In December 2021, MAPPA released a few movie trailers promoting the Jujutsu Kaisen 0 (film) movie adaptation, which King Gnu have made 2 new songs for the film. The songs are "Ichizu" (一途, "The Only Way") and "Sakayume" (逆夢, "Contradictory Dream"), which are the opening and ending themes for the Jujutsu Kaisen movie. The two songs were released together as Ichizu/Sakayume. In March 2022, they released a new song called "Chameleon" (カメレオン, Kamereon), which is the theme for Japanese television drama Do Not Say Mystery, adapted from the manga of the same name.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Kōhaku Uta Gassen appearances
Accolades
References
Japanese alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 2013
2013 establishments in Japan
Musical quartets
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Carlos Muñoz Arosa (3 April 1919 - 15 April 2005) was a Spanish actor. He appeared in more than one hundred films from 1939 to 1991.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1919 births
2005 deaths
Spanish male film actors
Li Wei (; born June 8, 1943) is a Chinese computer scientist and a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2002, he became President of Beihang University.
Education
Li graduated from the Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Peking University in 1966. He then studied at the University of Edinburgh obtaining a PhD in computer science in 1983 supervised by Gordon Plotkin.
Career
After graduation, he was funded by the EPSRC at Newcastle University and the University of Edinburgh as Senior Programmer. He was also a visiting professor at the Saarland University.
He was elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1997.
Research interests
Li is mostly engaged in the applied research of Computer Software and Theory and Internet, including programming language, software development, artificial intelligence, and integrated circuit design.
Achievements
Li has participated in the founding, developing, and improving of the Operation Semantics of Words Structucture.
In 1981, he was the first person to successfully use this structure to describe the technique of Parallel, Sync and Communication in software, and systematically solved the problems of concurrent languages, such as Ada and Edison. Operation Semantics of Words Structucture has become one of the classical semantics of programming languages.
1992, building release logic theory solved the incompleteness of information and fallibility of knowledge and nonmonotonicity of inference.
1998, first advocated research on Data Mining Technology。
References
1943 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Chinese computer scientists
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Peking University alumni
Beihang University faculty
Presidents of Beihang University
Scientists from Beijing
Mem is a Semitic letter.
Mem or MEM may also refer to:
Business and organizations
Missouri Employers Mutual, a workers' compensation insurance company
Mondpaca Esperantista Movado, an Esperanto association
The Main Event Mafia, an American professional wrestling stable
People
Mem (given name), including a list of people with the name or nickname
Places
Mem Castle, in Sweden
Memphis International Airport, in U.S., IATA airport code MEM
Science and technology
2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethoxyamphetamine (MEM), a psychedelic drug
2-Methoxyethoxymethyl (MEM), an alcohol protecting group
Mars Excursion Module, a 1960s proposed spacecraft
Eagle's minimal essential medium, a synthetic cell culture medium
Monocular estimate method, a form of dynamic retinoscopy
Mem (computing), a measurement unit for the number of memory accesses
Mem (command), a DOS command
Other uses
Master of Engineering Management, an academic degree
Master of Environmental Management, an academic degree
See also
Meme
Mems (disambiguation)
Memory (disambiguation)
Mem and Zin, a Kurdish classic love story
Jamalabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,718, in 3,361 families. The rural district has 7 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pakdasht County
The 1933 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the sixth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 8 October 1933 Tipperary won the championship following a 4–6 to 2–3 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title in-a-row and their third overall.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Tipperary became the first team to complete back-to-back All-Ireland Championship titles.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Trinervitermes is a termite genus belonging to family Termitidae. Members are native to the Old World. They inhabit grasslands and store grass in their nests or mounds, just below the ground surface. Their grass-collecting activities are mainly nocturnal. The soldier caste has atrophied mandibles and a fontanelle squirt gun on the frons. Diterpenes and monoterpenes are released to deter ants and smaller predators, but these are not effective against larger mammalian predators. Due to the snout on the head of soldiers and their grass-collecting habits, they are known as snouted harvester termites.
Species
Species include:
Trinervitermes biformis (Wasmann, 1902) – India and Sri Lanka
Trinervitermes dispar (Sjöstedt) – East Africa to South Africa
Trinervitermes rapulum (Sjöstedt) – East Africa to southern Africa
Trinervitermes rhodesiensis (Sjöstedt) – East Africa to southern Africa
Trinervitermes trinervoides (Sjöstedt, 1911) – South Africa, Namibia, Zimbabwe and Mozambique
Trinervitermes rubidus (Hagen, 1859) – Sri Lanka
References
Termite genera
Insects of Africa
Insects of Asia
Coincidences (French: Coïncidences) is a 1947 French drama film directed by Serge Debecque and starring Serge Reggiani, Andrée Clément and Pierre Renoir. It was shot at the Boulogne Studios in Paris and on location in Lyon. The film's sets were designed by the art director Maurice Colasson.
Synopsis
The librarian of a wealthy textile manufacturer from Lyon is in love with his employer's daughter, but she is engaged to another man an army officer. When he is offered three magic balls that will seemingly change his fortunes, he accepts, but they ultimately lead towards a tragic destiny.
Cast
Serge Reggiani as Jean Ménétrier
Andrée Clément as Françoise
Pierre Renoir as Monsieur Bardolas
Sylvie as Amélie
Jean Parédès as Montboron
Pierre Sergeol as Poncet - un assureur
Maurice Schutz as Le vieux paysan
Louis Florencie as Pierre Calmiran - un assureur
Robert Le Béal as Gérard Tibur
Guy Favières as Le père de Françoise
Marcel Vibert as Le médecin
Suzanne Bara as Bardolas' Secretary
Ulric Guttinguer as L'architecte
Albert Gercourt as Monsieur Goulard - le contremaître
Marcel Charvey as L'agent immobilier
Denise Grey as Madame Bardolas
Françoise Delille as Michèle
References
Bibliography
Rège, Philippe. Encyclopedia of French Film Directors, Volume 1. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1947 films
1940s French-language films
1947 drama films
French drama films
Lux Film films
Films shot in Lyon
Films shot at Boulogne Studios
Films set in Lyon
1940s French films
Kalateh-ye Ali Morad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Morād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Uteck Bowl is one of the two semifinal bowls of U Sports football, Canada's national competition for university teams that play Canadian football. It is held in the easternmost of the two semifinal venues. The Uteck Bowl champion moves on to face the Mitchell Bowl champion for the Vanier Cup. It was named for Larry Uteck, a former professional football player and university coach who died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) in 2002.
History
The Atlantic Bowl traditionally saw the Atlantic University Sport champions face a champion from another conference at Huskies Stadium in Halifax. However, in the interests of competitive fairness, the Atlantic Bowl was replaced by the Mitchell Bowl, its venue, like the Churchill Bowl that had paralleled it for so long, rotating among two of the conference champions.
Larry Uteck was a longtime football coach at Saint Mary's University and, at the time, the university's athletic director. It was decided that the Churchill Bowl would be retired, the Mitchell Bowl would take the place of the Churchill Bowl, and a new championship would be named in Uteck's memory. Thus, the Uteck Bowl formally replaced the Atlantic Bowl.
The inaugural Uteck Bowl was played at Huskies Stadium, where two-time defending Vanier Cup champions and home team Saint Mary's Huskies defeated the Simon Fraser Clan.
The 2020 game was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Uteck Bowl champions
Future participants
The teams and host sites of the Uteck Bowl and the Mitchell Bowl rotate on a six-year cycle, so that in each cycle each of the four conferences hosts and visits every other conference once. With the 2020 game cancelled, the cycle was delayed by one year with the 2020 teams playing in 2021.
The participants and sites for future Uteck Bowl games are listed below:
To date, the Uteck Bowl games hosted by Quebec have been played at the champion's home field, while the first four games hosted by Atlantic University Sport (AUS) were played at Huskies Stadium in Halifax. The 2011 game was held in Moncton at the newly built Moncton Stadium. All subsequent games were hosted by the Loney Bowl champion. As of 2021, home teams have a record of 10–8.
Team win–loss records
References
External links
Uteck Bowl history
Sport in Halifax, Nova Scotia
U Sports football trophies and awards
The 1967 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1967 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 76th overall and 34th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in his 17th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn, Alabama. They finished with a record of six wins and four losses (6–4 overall, 3–3 in the SEC).
Schedule
Source: 1967 Auburn football schedule
Roster
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Mirko Beer (20 February 1905 – 4 August 1942) was a surgeon, a military physician and a political activist originally from what is now Serbia. He attracted attention in Spain as a leading military physician between 1936 and 1939, during the Civil War. By 1941 he was living in the Soviet Union. Suspected by the security services of espionage, he was arrested and jailed on 9 July 1941. Still in jail, he was probably shot dead just over a year later.
Biography
Mirko Beer was born into an impoverished Jewish (by religion) family in Senta, a small border town, notable of its ethnic diversity, a short distance from Subotica and roughly equidistant between Budapest and Timișoara. The family was part of the town's Hungarian minority. There were six children, but the other five were all girls: Mirko was one of the youngest. He attended the local gymnasium (secondary school) which prepared him for university admission. He then attended the University of Vienna between 1923 and 1929, studying Medicine. According to at least one source, cries of "Heil Hitler" could by this stage already be heard in the university's main auditorium. In 1924 Beer joined the Socialist Students' Society. He became – and would for the rest of his life remain – a committed communist. He read from the literary pantheon works by Marx, Engels, Lenin and Wilhelm Reich. He identified the looming dangers of Fascism and decided that he needed to engage politically. In 1927 he illegally joined the Yugoslavian Communist Party. At around the same time he joined Internationale Arbeiter-Hilfe (IAH / "Workers International Relief" / "Международная рабочая помощь"), a Berlin-based welfare organisation with close ties to Moscow. In 1928 he set up a "Balkan secretariat" for the IAH in Subotica.
Between 1930 and 1932 Beer lived in Berlin. He had been invited to move there by the architect-activist Heinrich Vogeler with whom, initially, he lived in the Hufeisensiedlung (housing estate) together with other socialists, communists and social democrats, in an "alternative residential community". He worked for the Berlin medical service as a physician. The large number of injured workers – Communists and Nazis alike – that he treated in the Friedrichshain Hospital (as it was then known) helped him to appreciate that Fascism in German was already something to be taken seriously. He was also active on the fringes of the German Communist Party. While he was living in Berlin, Mirko Beer met Gerda Schneuer, a political soul-mate and an actress and photographer originally from Hamburg. Their intense personal relationship together endured till Beer's death in 1942. There are references in some sources to their having lived together, after 1939 in Moscow, as man and wife with their little daughter, Öchen.
Accepting an invitation from the Soviet Ministry for the People's Health, in April 1932 he moved to the Soviet Union where he worked as a doctor at a Moscow research institute.
In July 1936, directly after the insurrection against the Republican government which triggered the Spanish Civil War, Mirko Beer traveled to Spain and volunteered to help on the government side. He became one of the leading figures in the medical service. It was common for Moscow-based party activists to use a party pseudonym, and during this period Mirko Beer identified himself as "Dr. Oscar Goryan". Although he was much impressed by the international solidarity and the "almighty struggle in which an unarmed people were being seen to triumph over armede military formations" ("...großartigen Kampf, in dem ein waffenloses Volk ... die bewaffneten Formationen der Armee besiegte"), the aftermath of the Battle of Jarama in February 1937 convinced him of the need for the medical services on the republican side to be strengthened in order to cope with the scale of the casualties. This marked, as written in a report, "the start of a structured war medical corps" ("Beginn einer regelrechten Kriegssanität"). Now his professional expertise came to the fore. He was concerned to make more generally available to republican civil war comrades (and others) the lessons provided by medical experience gained in modern war conditions. That was behind his launch of the journal "Stimme der Sanität" and his book "Puesto de Clasificacion". He served as editor-in-chief of the journal till January 1938, using it to set forth the difficulties and shortcomings of the battlefield medical services that he was experiencing. However, what comes across most powerfully in most of his own published contributions is his pride in what republican medical corps members were able to contribute after Jarama. Pride resonates in the obituaries of fallen comrades. He was proud of the military doctors who abandoned their comfort zones to work in the field hospitals. He was proud of the "school" for badly unprepared medically qualified recruits to the republican side. He was also proud of the continuing training for the sick and less-badly wounded patients in the field hospitals and of the tailored courses for carers. But several articles also echo a yearning for an end to the slaughter of the war.
"Goryan", as civil war comrades knew Mirko Beer at this time, was widely respected as an exceptional physician, but that did not mean that he was without enemies. André Marty, the French-born communist Political Commissar ("chief organiser") of the International Brigades, wrote in his (at the time strictly confidential) reports that "Goryan" had "wilfully taken to himself control of the internationalists' medical services" and so removed them from "party control". Sources that focus on "Goryan" are content to set aside such criticism, however.
On 8 February 1939, with other "civil war brigadists", Mirko Beer left Spain. The insurgents (identified by international backers such as Joseph Goebbels as "the nationalists") had won. After crossing into France, Beer was interned, and held till May 1939. Although he later described the Argelès Camp as "hellish" ("die wahre Hölle"), he immediately turned his attention to the medical needs of fellow internees. Disease was rampant. After the Spanish fighters were moved to Gurs he headed up the medical support and the "surgical consultancy". In June 1939 he was able to return to Moscow. "Our favourite person was back with us" ("Unser liebster Mensch war wieder bei uns"), his wife, Gerda, later wrote. He returned to his work as a physician, working in an accident clinic, and he also resumed his academic work. It was, perhaps, too good to last.
The German invasion in June 1941 came as a major shock to most Muscovites. Mirko Beer had spent his first nine years in a multi-lingual border town in a multi-cultural empire. From the perspective of Moscow-based work colleagues, that made him a brilliant linguist. A few days after the German invasion a comrade-librarian overheard him discussing "with foreigners, in different languages, some of them incomprehensible". That led to his arrest by the security services on 9 July 1941 on account of "allegedly espionage-linked relationships". According to some sources he was then shot, still in jail, on 4 August 1942. His sister Margit had written letters to Rubén Ruiz Ibárruri and Joseph Stalin pleading his case. It seems unlikely that this letters ever reached their intended addressees. An alternative account of his death surfaced only in June 1990, after several years of Glasnost had led to the opening up of previously secret Soviet records. According to this version, which was passed to his daughter through the German Red Cross, Mirko Beer did actually face a trial at which he received a five year prison sentence, but he died on 11 August 1942, not as a result of being shot, but from Dysentery.
Notes
References
1905 births
1942 deaths
People from Senta
Serbian Jews
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish Civil War (Republican faction)
Jews executed by the Soviet Union
Jewish socialists
People executed by the Soviet Union by firearm
Yugoslav military doctors
Hungarian Jews
20th-century Hungarian physicians
League of Communists of Yugoslavia politicians
Yugoslav expatriates in the Soviet Union
Hungarian people executed by the Soviet Union
Yugoslav people executed by the Soviet Union
Christ on the Cross Adored by Two Donors is a c.1590 oil on canvas painting by El Greco, now in the Louvre, Paris.
Intended for a chapel in the Hieronymite monastery in Toledo, it was commissioned by one of the two figures shown beneath the cross in the places usually occupied by the Virgin Mary and St John the Evangelist. These had previously been identified as the Covarrubias brothers, sons of the architect Alonso de Covarrubias, but now they are believed to be Dionisio Melgar on the left and an unknown inhabitant of Toledo (possibly Blas de Fuentechada or Pablo Rodríguez de Belalcázar) on the right. Melgar was a canon of the aforementioned monastery and may have been one of the commissioners. It was still in the monastery in 1715, but was acquired by Louis Philippe of France in the 19th century. It appeared in the 1908 autumn salon in Paris, where it was acquired by its present owners.
References
El Greco
1590s paintings
Paintings by El Greco
Paintings in the Louvre by Spanish artists
Darryl Paa Kwesi Bannerman-Martin (born 20 August 1989), known under the stage name Joey B, is a Ghanaian hip hop recording artist. He is well known for his single "Tonga".
Early life and career
Joey B was born in Cape Coast, Ghana. He realized his talent for music at age six (6) when he formed a group and aided in ghost writing most of the songs they made together. This bolstered his unrelenting strong desire for music and pursued it. He had his primary education from St. Theresa's school and later went to Accra High School. He graduated from at Zenith University College in 2016.
Later on, he collaborated with producer Lil Shaker till they met Jayso, the founder of Skillions. From then on, he has worked with various labels and producers such as Hammer of The Last Two and Black Avenue Music and produced many hit songs such as "Tonga", “Pinch mah Nips”, and "Strawberry". He was nominated the Hip-life/Hiphop Artist of the Year at the 2021 Vodafone Ghana Music Awards.
Collaborations and influences
On his career path, Joey B has collaborated with artistes such as Sarkodie, EL, Fuse ODG, Edem and many others. The rapper's music has been influenced by several artistes such as Kanye West and Kid Cudi.
In September, 2015, Roc Nation's rapper, Vic Mensa who was on a short trip to Ghana for his grandmother's funeral, disclosed he would love to work with Joey B and Sarkodie. The following year, Vic Mensa again on Beats 1 Radio interview with Ebro Darden, tipped listeners of possible collaborations with Joey B, Sarkodie and M.anifest.
Fashion style and brand ambassador for Adidas
In July 2015, world's eminent manufacturer of sports shoes, clothing and accessories; Adidas (Ghana) outdoor Joey B as their brand ambassador, making him the first in Africa.
Style influence
Joey B over the years has become not just a household name for mellow-vibe music but also his fashion style. His unique sense of fashion and great appeal to the youth has won him the most influential fashion icon in Ghana.
"Joey B's fashion style has grown so large that his other rappers cannot help it but to follow the trend.", an article on Ghana Web reported.
The rapper is well-noted for trendsetting skinny jeans and tattered clothing [preferably called fades and tatters] in Ghana.
Discography
EPs
LAVA FEELS (2020)
Darryl (2017)
Selected singles
"Ranger" feat. Darkovibes
"La Familia" feat. Sarkodie and Kwesi Arthur
"Green Tea" feat. Medikal
"Kiss & Tell"
"No Waste Time" feat. Boj
"Taya" feat. Darkovibes and RJZ
"Greetings From Abroad" feat. Pappy Kojo
"911" feat. Medikal
"Stables" feat. La Même Gang
You Peh Freestyle
Beautiful Boy feat. Wanlov and Ponobiom
Nsa (2018)
Sweetie Pie] feat. King Promise - (2018)
NewLords (feat Pappy Kojo and Sarkodie) (2017)
Baby Mama (feat Sarkodie)(2017)
Sunshine (2017)
U x Me (2016)
F.O.H (feat. Medikal) (2016)
Otoolege (feat. Samini) (2015)
Wow (feat. EL and Pappy Kojo) (2015)
Tonga (feat. Sarkodie) (2014)
Wave (feat. Pappy Kojo) (2014)
Cigarette (2013)
Strawberry Ginger (2013)
Chop Kenkey (2013)
Akobam ft Medikal and Kofi Mole
Cold (feat. Sarkodie) (2020)
Videography
Features
"Medikal" La hustle ft Joey B ( Prod By DJ Krept)
"Magnom" My Baby ft Joey B (Prod By MagNom)
"G-West" Akosua ft Joey B (Prod By Kuvie)
"EL" ft Joey B- You Don't Know Me
"Mr Eazi" Ft Joey B - Holl'Up (Prod By Juls)
"Vacs", ft Joey B – Enjoy (Prod. By Vacs)
" Sarkodie " ft. Joey B -Legend ( Prod. by Nova production)
"Sarkodie", ft Joey B – Baby Mama (Prod. Ced Solo)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Ghanaian musicians
Ghanaian rappers
Ghanaian hip hop musicians
People from Cape Coast
Dominik Tarczyński (born March 27, 1979, in Lublin) is a Polish politician and journalist who was previously a member of the Sejm and has been a member of the European Parliament since 2020.
Biography
From 2003 to 2008, he was a community animator at London's Westminster Cathedral, and hosted a radio broadcast of Christian music. He was a lay assistant to one of the British exorcists. From January 23, 2009, to February 1, 2010, he was the director of TVP3 Kielce; later, he was employed as the deputy director for operation in the IT and Telecommunications Center of TVP.
He also took up journalistic activity in the pages of "Gazeta Polska" and created documentary films devoted, among other topics, to the activities of exorcists. He directed the documentary film Colombia - Testimony to the World, with the participation of the then-president of Colombia, Álvaro Uribe, which received an award at the Sixteenth International Catholic Film and Multimedia Festival in Niepokalanów. He was the founder of the Association of Catholics Charismatics.
In 2010, he unsuccessfully ran for the Świętokrzyskie Sejm from the Law and Justice list. Then he organized the structures of the Poland Is Most Important Association in Kielce, but after a few weeks he left it. In 2011, he co-founded Solidarna Polska, which he left at the beginning of April 2014. In the same year, on the recommendation of the Right hand of the Republic of Poland, he again ran for the regional council from the PiS list. In the parliamentary elections in 2015, he ran to the Sejm as a non-party candidate from the eleventh place on the Law and Justice list in the Kielce district. He was elected MP for the 8th term of office, receiving 7,475 votes. After the elections, he became a member of PiS.
In October 2018, he lost a lawsuit filed by Bogdan Wenta, who was running for the presidency of Kielce. In a decision upheld by the Court of Appeal in Kraków, the District Court of Kielce ordered him to correct and stop disseminating untrue information about Wenta's alleged service in ZOMO and about him "training on the heads of Poles." He was also ordered to issue an apology and a payment of PLN 20,000 PLN for the Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity.
In the 2019 European Parliament elections, he was elected deputy of the ninth term. He received an additional mandate in the European Parliament, granted to Poland as part of the distribution of some of the mandates previously filled by Great Britain. However, due to the delay in the Brexit procedure, this mandate was suspended.
In the Polish parliamentary election of the same year, he was again elected to the Sejm, receiving 8,186 votes. On February 1, 2020, after Brexit took effect, he was seated as a member of the Ninth European Parliament.
References
External links
Law and Justice MEPs
Polish anti-communists
Polish nationalists
MEPs for Poland 2019–2024
1979 births
Living people
Politicians from Lublin
