IED may refer to:
Devices
Improvised explosive device, an explosive device often used in unconventional warfare
Instantaneous electrical detonator, used to trigger an explosive device
Intelligent electronic device, in the electric power industry
Implantable electronic device, pacemaker
Dictionaries
Indo-European Etymological Dictionary
Indogermanisches etymologisches Wörterbuch (Indo-European Etymological Dictionary), by Julius Pokorny
Interlingua–English Dictionary, the first major presentation of Interlingua to the public
Healthcare
Inter-ictal epileptiform discharge, a characteristic of epileptic seizures
Intermittent explosive disorder, a mental health disorder
Intestinal epithelial dysplasia, another name for congenital tufting enteropathy
Organizations
Information Engineering Directorate, Information Technology Directorate of the UK Department of Trade and Industry
Institute for Educational Development, at Aga Khan University
Institute of Economic Development
Institution of Engineering Designers, in the UK
Istituto Europeo di Design, European Institute of Design
NASU Institute of Electrodynamics, a research institute in Kyiv
Other uses
Industrial Emissions Directive, a European Union directive
Infliction of Emotional Distress, a tort cause of action, falling under intentional torts
Michael Stupple is a Rugby Union player. He can play at either Number 8 or Centre. He made his debut for Exeter in 2009 against Doncaster.
Stupple was one of several players released from Exeter Chiefs for the 2012–13 season.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Exeter Chiefs players
Plymouth Albion R.F.C. players
Rugby union players from Epsom
The Laurence Olivier Award for Supporting Artist of the Year was a one-off award presented by the Society of London Theatre in recognition of achievements in commercial London theatre. The awards were established as the Society of West End Theatre Awards in 1976, and renamed in 1984 in honour of English actor and director Laurence Olivier.
This commingled actor/actress award, only ever presented at the 1976 inaugural awards, was presented to an actress.
Winners and nominees
1970s
See also
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play
Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play
Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play
References
External links
Laurence Olivier Awards
Daniel James Hall (born 30 June 1978) is an Australian musician from Melbourne who has been in two rock bands, Taxiride and Airway Lanes. With Taxiride, as guitarist, pianist and vocalist, he had a top 10 hit on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Singles Chart with "Get Set" and a No. 1 album with Imaginate in 1999 on the related Albums Chart. He left Taxiride in 2001 to begin a solo career. He provided vocals for "Don't Look Back" which was used on TV soap opera, Neighbours. He later formed Airway Lanes in late 2004. They released their debut album, In Vino Veritas in May 2008 with its lead single, "Don't Let Go", chosen as iTunes' 'Single of the Week'.
Taxiride
From 1994, Daniel Hall performed as a busker in the local streets of Camberwell and at live venues in Melbourne for three years. In 1997, Tim Wild recruited Hall to meet his friends, Jason Singh and Tim Watson. By 1998, the unnamed group recorded a demo cassette which was given to a taxi driver friend who played it to his passengers. The band asked how it was received whilst on the taxi ride—which inspired the group's name, Taxiride.
Soon after, Taxiride signed a joint deal with Warner Music Group in Australia and Sire Records in the US, where they relocated to Ocean Way Recording studios in Los Angeles to work with producer Jack Joseph Puig. Their debut album Imaginate hit No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart and went double platinum. It spawned the top 10 hit "Get Set", which won the Breakthrough Artist – Single ARIA Award for 1999. To support the global release of their debut album, the band toured Australia, America, Japan and Europe through 1999 and 2000.
In 2001 Hall decided to leave Taxiride after the first album to pursue his solo career and refine his song writing. Hall said he was unhappy with "the pop direction the band was taking".
Hall collaborated with his former Taxiride band mates to co-write a track for their third album, Axiomatic. Prior to Taxiride's release of their live acoustic album, Electrophobia, in September 2006, Hall reconnected with its band members to co-write more songs.
Airway Lanes
After leaving Taxiride in 2001, Hall started his solo career. He provided vocals for "Don't Look Back" which was used on TV soap opera, Neighbours.
Hall's second band, Airway Lanes was formed with fellow songwriter-guitarist Chris Hawker initially as an acoustic duo in late 2004. Their first live appearances as an electric band were a series of Sunday shows in early 2005 at the Duke of Windsor Hotel, with new members Paul 'Spyder' Marret, playing drums and backup vocals, and Glen 'Scrubby' Evans, on bass guitar.
In November, the band signed with record label Dust Devil Music through Stomp. They recorded their self-titled debut extended play, Airway Lanes, in Sing Sing studios in Melbourne with producer and engineer Jimi Maroudas (Pete Murray and The Living End). It was released on 3 April 2006. Rock journalist, Jeff Jenkins, was impressed with Hall's talent and the "quality pop-rock; catchy songs, with depth" displayed by the EP. A full length album, In Vino Veritas followed on 3 May 2008; its lead single, "Don't Let Go", was chosen as iTunes' 'Single of the Week', when it exceeded 11,000 downloads.
In September 2008, Hall returned to Taxiride with Singh and Wild, they toured the Australian east coast sharing some performances with Noiseworks into October and November.
References
1978 births
Living people
Australian male singers
Australian guitarists
Musicians from Melbourne
Taxiride members
Australian male guitarists
Polyphosphazenes include a wide range of hybrid inorganic-organic polymers with a number of different skeletal architectures with the backbone P-N-P-N-P-N-. In nearly all of these materials two organic side groups are attached to each phosphorus center. Linear polymers have the formula (N=PR1R2)n, where R1 and R2 are organic (see graphic). Other architectures are cyclolinear and cyclomatrix polymers in which small phosphazene rings are connected together by organic chain units. Other architectures are available, such as block copolymer, star, dendritic, or comb-type structures. More than 700 different polyphosphazenes are known, with different side groups (R) and different molecular architectures. Many of these polymers were first synthesized and studied in the research group of Harry R. Allcock.
Synthesis
The method of synthesis depends on the type of polyphosphazene. The most widely used method for linear polymers is based on a two-step process. In the first step, hexachlorocyclotriphosphazene(NPCl2)3 is heated in a sealed system at 250 °C to convert it to a long chain linear polymer with typically 15,000 or more repeating units. In the second step the chlorine atoms linked to phosphorus in the polymer are replaced by organic groups through reactions with alkoxides, aryloxides, amines or organometallic reagents. Because many different reagents can participate in this macromolecular substitution reaction, and because two or more reagents may be used, a large number of different polymers can be produced.. Variations to this process are possible using poly(dichlorophosphazene) made by condensation reactions.
Another synthetic process uses Cl3PNSiMe3 as a precursor:
n Cl3PNSiMe3 --> [Cl2PN]n + ClSiMe3
Because the process is a living cationic polymerization, block copolymers or comb, star, or dendritic architectures are possible. Other synthetic methods include the condensation reactions of organic-substituted phosphoranimines.
Cyclomatrix type polymers made by linking small molecule phosphazene rings together employ difunctional organic reagents to replace the chlorine atoms in (NPCl2)3, or the introduction of allyl or vinyl substituents, which are then polymerized by free-radical methods. Such polymers may be useful as coatings or thermosetting resins, often prized for their thermal stability.
Properties and uses
The linear high polymers have the geometry shown in the picture. More than 700 different macromolecules that correspond to e group]]s or combinations of different side groups. In these polymers the properties are defined by the high flexibility of the backbone. Other potentially attractive properties include radiation resistance, high refractive index, ultraviolet and visible transparency, and its fire resistance. The side groups exert an equal or even greater influence on the properties since they impart properties such as hydrophobicity, hydrophilicity, color, useful biological properties such as bioerodibility, or ion transport properties to the polymers. Representative examples of these polymers are shown below.
Thermoplastics
The first stable thermoplastic poly(organophosphazenes), isolated in the mid 1960s by Allcock, Kugel, and Valan, were macromolecules with trifluoroethoxy, phenoxy, methoxy, ethoxy, or various amino side groups. Of these early species, poly[bis(trifluoroethoxyphosphazene], [NP(OCH2CF3)2]n, has proved to be the subject of intense research due to its crystallinity, high hydrophobicity, biological compatibility, fire resistance, general radiation stability, and ease of fabrication into films, microfibers and nanofibers. It has also been a substrate for various surface reactions to immobilize biological agents. The polymers with phenoxy or amino side groups have also been studied in detail.
Phosphazene elastomers
The first large-scale commercial uses for linear polyphosphazenes were in the field of high technology elastomers, with a typical example containing a combination of trifluoroethoxy and longer chain fluoroalkoxy groups. The mixture of two different side groups eliminates the crystallinity found in single-substituent polymers and allows the inherent flexibility and elasticity to become manifest. Glass transition temperatures as low as -60 °C are attainable, and properties such as oil-resistance and hydrophobicity are responsible for their utility in land vehicles and aerospace components. They have also been used in biostable biomedical devices.
Other side groups, such as non-fluorinated alkoxy or oligo-alkyl ether units, yield hydrophilic or hydrophobic elastomers with glass transitions over a broad range from -100 °C to 100 °C. Polymers with two different aryloxy side groups have also been developed as elastomers for fire-resistance as well as thermal and sound insulation applications.
Polymer electrolytes
Linear polyphosphazenes with oligo-ethyleneoxy side chains are gums that are good solvents for salts such as lithium triflate. These solutions function as electrolytes for lithium-ion transport, and they were incorporated into fire-resistant rechargeable lithium-ion polymer battery. The same polymers are also of interest as the electrolyte in dye-sensitized solar cells. Other polyphosphazenes with sulfonated aryloxy side groups are proton conductors of interest for use in the membranes of proton exchange membrane fuel cells.
Hydrogels
Water-soluble poly(organophosphazenes) with oligo-ethyleneoxy side chains can be cross-linked by gamma-radiation. The cross-linked polymers absorb water to form hydrogels, which are responsive to temperature changes, expanding to a limit defined by the cross-link density below a critical solution temperature, but contracting above that temperature. This is the basis of controlled permeability membranes. Other polymers with both oligo-ethyleneoxy and carboxyphenoxy side groups expand in the presence of monovalent cations but contract in the presence of di- or tri-valent cations, which form ionic cross-links. Phosphazene hydrogels have been utilized for controlled drug release and other medical applications.
Bioerodible polyphosphazenes
The ease with which properties can be controlled and fine-tuned by the linkage of different side groups to polyphosphazene chains has prompted major efforts to address biomedical materials challenges using these polymers. Different polymers have been studied as macromolecular drug carriers, as membranes for the controlled delivery of drugs, as biostable elastomers, and especially as tailored bioerodible materials for the regeneration of living bone. An advantage for this last application is that poly(dichlorophosphazene) reacts with amino acid ethyl esters (such as ethyl glycinate or the corresponding ethyl esters of numerous other amino acids) through the amino terminus to form polyphosphazenes with amino acid ester side groups. These polymers hydrolyze slowly to a near-neutral, pH-buffered solution of the amino acid, ethanol, phosphate, and ammonium ion. The speed of hydrolysis depends on the amino acid ester, with half-lives that vary from weeks to months depending on the structure of the amino acid ester. Nanofibers and porous constructs of these polymers assist osteoblast replication and accelerate the repair of bone in animal model studies.
Commercial aspects
No applications are commercialized for polyphosphazenes. The cyclic trimer hexachlorophosphazene ((NPCl2)3) is commercially available. It is the starting point for most commercial developments. High performance elastomers known as PN-F or Eypel-F have been manufactured for seals, O-rings, and dental devices. An aryloxy-substituted polymer has also been developed as a fire resistant expanded foam for thermal and sound insulation. The patent literature contains many references to cyclomatrix polymers derived from cyclic trimeric phosphazenes incorporated into cross-linked resins for fire resistant circuit boards and related applications.
References
Further information
Inorganic polymers
Phosphazenes
Morris' Company of Rangers (1789-1793) also referred to as the "Kanawha County Rangers" was a Ranger Company out of the newly established Kanawha County in 1789. From March to July 1789 the Kanawha County Rangers were under the command of Colonel George Clendenin until Clendenin was named as commander of the county militia by the Governor of Virginia. Captain John Morris assumed command of the unit where it became known as "Morris' Company of Ranger". The unit was called into federal service twice by the Secretary of War, General Henry Knox from May 1, 1791 until January 1, 1793 to fight and provide defense in the aftermath days of the American Revolution during the ratification process of the United States Bill of Rights, as well as the quelling Whiskey Rebellion and Indian Wars.
Indian Wars
During the Indian Wars, the Morris' Company of Rangers engaged in surveillance, and guerilla warfare against the Northwestern Confederacy tribes. The criteria to be a spy was: "must be composed of the inhabitance who Well Know the Woods and waters from the pint to Belville." The garrison, Fort Morris, was later known as Kelly's Post in the Kanawha Valley. On January 1, 1793 the unit had 97 soldiers in the Company.
On December 22, 1792 the Virginia Militia reorganized all of the units in the newly established Virginia Counties and formed the 13th Brigade, Virginia Militia. In 1889 the State of West Virginia reorganized the State militia Brigade to become 2nd Regiment, West Virginia National Guard due to western-Virginia breaking off and becoming the state of West Virginia. The state was unable to reorganize officially due to the Civil War and aftermath thereof. In 1899, the Regiment was renamed the 2nd Infantry Regiment, West Virginia National Guard; and in 1917, it became the 150th Infantry Regiment, and in 2005 it underwent a new classification as the 150th Cavalry Regiment.
Company Commander
The Rangers were part of the Virginia Militia under the command of Captain John Morris (December 17, 1755 - September 22, 1818). Captain Morris was an experienced officer, soldier, and experienced pioneer who understood the Indian movements in the area. Morris served in Lord Dunmore's War in 1774 under then Colonel Andrew Lewis, and during the entirety of American Revolution. After the war, on October 6, 1789, the Governor of Virginia, Beverley Randolph, authorized the creation of the new Ranger Company, Morris' Company of Rangers, to combat growing hostilities between the settlers in Kanawha County and the Indian Confederacy. Captain John Morris was selected by the committee to be the unit commander. He is the father of US Congressman Calvary Morris, and Bishop Thomas Asbury Morris. Morris's brother Leonard Morris served as Sheriff, and Justice of Kanawha County, and Morris's other brother, Major William Morris served as a Virginia state Representative. Captain Morris is the son of British born pioneer William Morris first permanent white settler west of Augusta, and founder of Fort Morris.
Captain Morris served with General George Rogers Clark in his expedition in 1778-1779 in the Illinois Campaign. Morris and Clark were separated by three years in age, and both were veterans of the Battle of Point Pleasant in 1774.
Federal Service
From May 1, 1791 until September 30, 1791 the Ranger Company was federally called to service in support of the Whiskey Rebellion. The Rangers garrison was at Fort Morris, although much of the Company was stationed at Colonel George Clendenin's Station, Lt. John Young was one of the officers who was assigned to the Station. Soldiers received assignments to guard and protect large farms of several prominent families including that of William Morris, Leonard Morris, William Morris Jr., Henry Morris, Colonel George Clendenin, Colonel Andrew Donnelly, Joseph Carroll, John Jones, and Allyn Pryor from hostile Indian attacks that became more prevalent during the Whiskey Rebellion. The unit had some brushes against local Indian tribes, but no casualties.
From March 15, 1792 until January 1, 1793 Captain John Morris' Company of Rangers were called again to federal service in support of Northwest Indian Wars
The unit ended federal service on January 1, 1793, the official disband date of the unit is unknown.
References
Ranger companies of the United States Army
The 1959–60 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 21st season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1959 in Norwegian sport
1960 in Norwegian sport
Lycée d'Arabe is a school in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (south) to the Stade de la Capitale, (east) to the College des Garçons and (north) to the Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique.
See also
Education in Mauritania
Lists of schools
References
Educational institutions with year of establishment missing
Nouakchott
Schools in Mauritania
Akana is a provider of computer software products for application programming interface (API) management. The company was founded as Digital Evolution and was later known as SOA Software. In November 2016, Akana was acquired by Rogue Wave Software. In January 2019, Rogue Wave was acquired by Minneapolis-based application software developer Perforce.
History
Akana was founded in 2001 as Digital Evolution.
In September 2004, the company acquired enterprise SOA company Flamenco Networks.
In March 2005, the company changed its name to SOA Software. In December, the company bought an internal mainframe web services product called X4ML from Merrill Lynch. The product was renamed SOLA.
In May 2006, the company acquired Blue Titan, a web services networking company.
In May 2008, the company acquired LogicLibrary, an SOA Repository and Governance vendor.
In March 2015, the company changed its name to Akana, as the company expanded its product line away from its SOA and web services roots and into API management.
In November 2016, Louisville, Colorado-based software development company Rogue Wave Software acquired Akana.
In January 2019, Rogue Wave was acquired by Minneapolis-based application software developer Perforce.
Products
Akana's products allow companies to create and manage APIs across multiple platforms, including with legacy mainframe applications, and to collaborate with external developer teams.
API Analytics - Akana's API Analytics platform is used to collect and analyze metadata related to API usage.
API Gateway – Akana's API Gateway allows the development and management of APIs across platforms, such as adding support for Microsoft services.
API Management - Akana's end-to-end API management platform is used to create, secure manage and monitor APIs.
Developer Portal - Akana's Developer Portal allows internal and external API developer teams to work as a community with features such as role based access control.
Lifecycle Manager – Akana's API Lifecycle Manager product helps enterprises better integrate APIs with IT policies and business activities and processes.
SOLA - SOLA is Akana's software for integrating mainframe applications with APIs.
See also
Application programming interface
Notes
External links
Akana website
Companies based in Los Angeles
This list of fictional ungulates in literature is a subsidiary to the list of fictional ungulates and list of fictional animals. The list is restricted to notable ungulate (hooved) characters from various works of literature. This list includes deer, moose, cattle, giraffes, camels, donkeys, sheep, goats and zebras, but excluding horses, pachyderms and pigs, which are listed in separate lists.
Deer and moose
Equines
Horses
Donkeys
Zebras
Pachyderms (elephants, rhinoceroses, hippopotamuses)
Swine
Sheep and goats
The Ram (Le Mouton), French literary fairy tale by author Madame d'Aulnoy, wherein a prince is cursed into a sheep form by a jealous fairy.
References
Fictional ungulates
Ungulates
Ungulates
Bernard St. Clair Lee (April 24, 1944 – March 8, 2011) was an American rhythm and blues vocalist with the band The Hues Corporation, which had a top ten record on the R&B and pop music charts called "Rock the Boat". The single went to number one in 1974 and sold over two million copies.
Background
Early life
Lee was born Bernard St. Clair Lee in San Francisco, California. It has often been erroneously stated that his full birth name was Bernard St. Clair Lee Calhoun Henderson, but he asserts in an interview that, while his ancestry included Calhouns and Hendersons, neither of these were ever part of his official name. When he was born, someone at the hospital mistakenly wrote "St. Clair" instead of his originally intended name, Sinclair. When he was a young man, he found out that the American Indian side of his family were Blackfoot that had migrated down from Canada to Oklahoma. It was this discovery that led him to decide to wear his trademark headband. He attended Santa Monica College.
Personal life
In the late 1960s he was a surfer and was friends with Wally Holmes, a trumpeter, songwriter and surfer residing in Los Angeles who would later be instrumental in his music career.
He and his wife Arlene had one son. He also had two step-children. He lived in Lake Elsinore, California.
Career
Late 1960s to late 1970s
Prior to the formation of the Hues Corporation, he was the lead singer of a group called Brothers and Sisters which was formed by Wally Holmes in 1968. Brothers and Sisters were a group with two male and two female singers. Holmes hoped to book them into Las Vegas clubs with an eight-member backing group. The group had the wrong combination of singers and broke up. A trio was formed and it was named the Children of Howard Hughes which was renamed as The Hues Corporation.
The Hues Corporation was formed in 1969, in Santa Monica and began playing frequently in Palm Springs and Las Vegas. In Vegas, Lee worked at Circus Circus. During this time, he worked on the same stages with Frank Sinatra, Milton Berle, Nancy Sinatra and Glen Campbell. When the band secured a record deal, Lee started to record and tour with the band regularly. Before their first big hit, they also contributed to the soundtrack of the blaxploitation film Blacula. The success of The Hues Corporation is greatly tied to the musicianship Lee worked with on their biggest selling album Freedom For The Stallion. In 1973, he was in the studio with some of RCA's best talent, including: Jim Gordon, Hal Blaine, and Dennis Budimir, as well as Larry Carlton, Joe Sample, and Wilton Felder of The Crusaders – and many others.
Touring with the band took Lee to Europe, South America, The Far East Australia and New Zealand. He performed for Queen Elizabeth at the same event with Dionne Warwick. He performed with The Jackson 5 in Radio City Music Hall. Lee also shared bills with The Commodores, The Spinners, Dolly Parton and Dinah Shore. After a second moderate success ("Rockin' Soul") with the band and a few more records, The Hues Corporation disbanded sometime around 1980. Whereas some sources claim the year of disbanding as early as 1978, archive footage of a television special for the Chilean TV in 1979 promoting their performance at the Viña del Mar International Song Festival proves the opposite. Furthermore, in 1980 the Hues Corporation released one last single in the US and a sixth album in at least New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Professionally he has also been referred to as Bernard "St. Clair Lee" Henderson and Bernard Henderson.
Later years
Lee was responsible for the reactivation of the group and the recruiting of two new members, Elaine Woodard and Bruce Glover. He continued to tour and perform with the band up until his death.
Death
Lee died at his home in Lake Elsinore, aged 66. According to a coroners news release, he was found unresponsive in his home at around 8:30 am, March 8, 2011. His death was due to natural causes.
He was survived by his wife, sister, mother, a son and two stepsons. A memorial service was held at the Palisades Lutheran Church, 15905 Sunset Blvd., Pacific Palisades at 11 am on March 19. Former bandmate Hubert Ann Kelley delivered the eulogy.
Legacy
The song "Rock the Boat", by The Hues Corporation, has been included on hundreds of soundtracks and compilation albums since the early 1990s.
Discography
With The Hues Corporation
1978: Your Place or Mine - Warner Bros. BSK 3196
1977: I Caught Your Act - Warner Bros. BS 3043
1977: The Best of the Hues Corporation RCA Victor APL1 2408
1976: Rock The Boat - RCA Victor
1975: Love Corporation - RCA Victor APL 0938
1974: Rockin' Soul - RCA Victor APL 0175
1973: Freedom for the Stallion - RCA APL1 0323
Compilation - various artists
1984: Ultra Dance - RCA AFLI-5322
References
External links
Personal interview
Gary James' Interview With St. Clair Lee of The Hues Corporation with Comments
St. Clair Lee, American musician (Hues Corporation) died, he was 66
Stars that died 2011 St. Clair Lee, American musician (Hues Corporation) died he was 66
Youtube: "Rock the Boat" Hues Corporation. Bernard St. Clair Lee's final Sweet and Hot performance Sept '10
Youtube: "Lean on Me" the Hues Corp featuring St. Clair Lee S&H'10 (2/10)
1944 births
2011 deaths
American people of Blackfoot descent
American soul singers
American male pop singers
Singers from San Francisco
20th-century African-American male singers
Domestic violence in Iran is a form of expressed by one partner or partners against another partner or partners in the content of an intimate relationship in Iran.
National and political culture
In Iran, domestic relations in a couple are regulated by the Civil Code, which constructs marriage as a hierarchic institution where the husband has authority over his wife. Article 1105 reads: "In relations between husband and wife; the position of the head of the family is the exclusive right of the husband". The husband is obligated to maintain his wife, but this obligation ceases to exist if the wife does not perform her duties: Article 1108 states: "If the wife refuses to fulfil duties of a wife without legitimate excuse, she will not be entitled to the cost of maintenance".
The nature of domestic violence is complicated by both a national culture and authoritative state that support control, oppression and violence against women. "The government does so by promoting fundamentalist ideas of women as properties of men. It does so by setting up an unequal legal system and not punishing assault even when it has resulted in severe injury or at times even death. The conversation of domestic violence then cannot be simply domestic but begins to take the shape of a systematic violence, fueled by tradition, ignited by religion, encouraged by the dominant authoritarian state, and empowered by poverty and illiteracy."
At the heart of the issue is the belief, rooted in common law, that men are responsible for their household affairs, especially treatment of family members, and should not be subject to intervention by the government.
Iranian feminists believe that women's issues must be further investigated since so many women are facing domestic violence in Iran. "Religious intellectuals have responded by engaging in reluctant analysis of the way the woman question poses itself in the Iranian context. So far, their analyses fail to take into account the gender implications of the struggle against absolutism and traditional authority. However, the dynamic interaction of the reform project with demands and aspirations of various sectors of Iranian public life will not allow the issue to rest here. Religious intellectuals, in their attempt to recreate essential religious truth in the form of new intellectual concepts and systems, will increasingly have to deal with systemic gender inequalities in a more systematic manner."
There has been some pushback to feminist efforts to reduce domestic violence in Iran by some more conservative elements of Iranian society. For example, the women's Basij leader, Minu Aslani, opposed efforts to fight domestic abuse in Iran, because she felt that it threatened Iran's traditional values. Many people in positions of power hold similar opinions, viewing feminist efforts to achieve gender equality as a threat to Islamic principles.
Incidence of domestic abuse in Iran
In his article "Domestic Violence against Single and Married Women in Iranian Society ", 'Azad Moradian' quoted a National Coalition Against Domestic Violence statement regarding the nature of domestic violence:
"The Census Bauru in Iran, an official government agency, has precluded international organizations from performing studies of domestic violence in Iran and has never conducted their own study of violence against women".
The prevalence of domestic violence has been cited as a cause of high rates of suicide, mostly through self-immolation, among Kurdish women in Iran.
World Health Organization study
A World Health Organization (WHO) study in Babol found that within the previous year 15.0% of wives had been physically abused, 42.4% had been sexually abused and 81.5% had been psychologically abused (to various degrees) by their husbands, blaming low income, young age, unemployment and low education.
2004 domestic violence study
In 2004 Dr. Ghazi Tabatabaei, a renowned Iranian sociologist, led a study of domestic violence for a joint project undertaken by the Women's Center for Presidential Advisory, Ministry of Higher Education and The Interior Ministry. Other noted scholars, professionals, psychologists and socialists participated in the study of the capital cities in Iran's 28 provinces that resulted after several years in 32 volumes of results. The findings from questionnaires included the following areas of focus: violence towards women and children, marriages and remarriages, divorce, the effect of education and work on violence and family issues.
The 32 volume findings are available only to scholars and researchers at the Center for Research in Tehran and have been shared with governmental lawmakers and agencies. The study of Iran, a diverse country of many ethnical and cultural communities, resulted in varied results by province, and particularly different the further that women lived from Tehran, the capital of Iran. This could be attributed to the lack of higher education, economics, and dominance of religion.
From the study:
53% married women in Iran are subjected to some kind of domestic violence in the first year of their marriage, either by their husbands or by their in-laws.
All married women who were participants in this study in Iran have experienced 7.4% of the 9 categories of abuse.
The more children in a family, the more likely domestic violence will occur towards women.
9.63% of women in the study reported wishing their husbands would die, as a result of the abuse they have experienced.
Education and activism
Since about 1994 there have been an overwhelming number of Masters' and PH.D thesis written about women's issues due by women in higher education, including universities in Iran. Because the papers have been unable to result in change or improvements, many universities are now discouraging thesis based upon Iranian women's issues.
Moradian wrote in 2009 that "Human rights organizations, political/humanitarian oppositional groups and advocacy groups for women were the only voices that acknowledged the existence of this widespread phenomenal in Iran and fought for changes in law and education within communities."
Ramezan Shojaei Kiyasari, Fatema Alia, members of the Iranian parliament, represented Iran at the "Regional Seminar for Asian Parliaments" seminar on 'Preventing and responding to violence against women and girls: From legislation to effective enforcement' held in New Delhi, India in 2011. Mrs. Fatemeh Alia announced that new laws related to violence against women were placed on Iran's parliament agenda.
Laws
Existing laws (Iranian Code of Criminal Procedure articles 42, 43, 66) intend to prohibit violence in the form of kidnapping, gender-based harassment, abuse of pregnant women and "crimes against rights and responsibilities within the family structure," but due to cultural and political culture do not protect women, prosecute their abusers and provide services to victims.
Proposed laws
Laws to better enforce existing laws and protect women against violence were placed on the agenda before the Iranian parliament the week ending 16 September 2011, focusing on both protection and prevention of violence against women, including focus on human trafficking, better protection and services for abuse victims, rehabilitation (especially concerning domestic abuse) and better processes to manage questioning of female offenders. One of the keys to ultimate success is altering community cultural views regarding the use of violence against women.
See also
Human rights in Iran
References
Citations
External links
Judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran, High Council For Human Rights
Women United Nations, See "Violence Against Women" focus area
Violence That May Never End
World Health Organization, Violence Against Women fact sheet
Iran
Women's rights in Iran
Violence against women in Asia
Family in Iran
Tiospirone (BMY-13,859), also sometimes called tiaspirone or tiosperone, is an atypical antipsychotic of the azapirone class. It was investigated as a treatment for schizophrenia in the late 1980s and was found to have an effectiveness equivalent to those of typical antipsychotics in clinical trials but without causing extrapyramidal side effects. However, development was halted and it was not marketed. Perospirone, another azapirone derivative with antipsychotic properties, was synthesized and assayed several years after tiospirone. It was found to be both more potent and more selective in comparison and was commercialized instead.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Tiospirone acts as a 5-HT1A receptor partial agonist, 5-HT2A, 5-HT2C, and 5-HT7 receptor inverse agonist, and D2, D4, and α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
Binding profile
See also
Azapirone
References
Abandoned drugs
Antipsychotics
Azapirones
Benzothiazoles
Piperazines
Errata (also spelled Erata) is an unincorporated community in Jones County, Mississippi. Errata are located on U.S. Route 11 southwest of Sandersville.
Errata are located on the Norfolk Southern Railway and was once home to nine different sawmills and a grocery store.
Albennie Jones, a blues and jazz singer who recorded in the mid and late 1940s, was born in Errata.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jones County, Mississippi
Unincorporated communities in Mississippi
Zeng Pu (; 1872-1935) was a Chinese novelist.
Zeng Pu published a scholarly work on the later Han Dynasty in 1895. He later enrolled in the College of Foreign Languages in Beijing to learn the French language. Zeng Pu returned to Jiangsu in 1898 and built a school. In 1903 he began a business in Shanghai, which failed. He returned to his focus in literature. Zeng Pu was a Francophile.
Writing style
The language in Zeng Pu's novels borrowed allusions and images from classical Chinese literature and Zeng Pu used symbolism in his novels. Therefore, his works appealed to readers who had a classical education and were considered sophisticated in their society.
Zeng Pu knew the French language. David Der-wei Wang, author of Fin-de-siècle Splendor: Repressed Modernities of Late Qing Fiction, 1849-1911, wrote that Zeng Pu was "probably" the sole late Qing novelist who knew a foreign language. David Wang explained that since Zeng Pu knew French he had "direct access to European literature without the mediation of distorted translations."
The First Sino-Japanese War had a large effect on Zeng Pu.
Works
Jin Tianhe (Jin Songcen) started A Flower in a Sinful Sea as a political novel criticizing Russian advances into China. Zeng Pu, writing under the pseudonym "Sick man of Asia", took control of the novel in 1904. He completed it as a historical novel.
References
Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena. "Chapter 38: Fiction from the End of the Empire to the Beginning of the Republic (1897-1916)" in: Mair, Victor H. (editor). The Columbia History of Chinese Literature. Columbia University Press, August 13, 2013. p. 697-731. , 9780231528511.
Idema, Wilt L. "Prosimetric and verse narrative." p. 343-214. In: Kang-i Sun Chang and Stephen Owen (editors). The Cambridge History of Chinese Literature: From 1375. Cambridge University Press, 2010. , 9780521855594.
McDougall, Bonnie S. and Kam Louie. The Literature of China in the Twentieth Century. Columbia University Press, 1997. , 9780231110853.
Wang, David Der-wei. Fin-de-siècle Splendor: Repressed Modernities of Late Qing Fiction, 1849-1911. Stanford University Press, 1997. , 9780804728454.
Notes
Further reading
Li, Peter. Tseng P'u. Twayne Publishers, 1980. , 9780805764185.
External links
Qing dynasty novelists
1872 births
1935 deaths
Writers from Suzhou
Republic of China novelists
Chinese male novelists
James Park Dawson Laurie (1846 – 2 December 1928), generally known as "Park Laurie", was a pastoralist and politician in the colony of South Australia.
History
Park was born at Kangatong station, near Warrnambool, Victoria, the third son of the (Presbyterian) Rev. Alexander Laurie (c. 1817 – 5 February 1854).
The Rev. Laurie, of Covington, Lanarkshire, and his wife Janet Laurie, née Nicol, (c. 1822 – 25 July 1903) had been sent out to Portland, Victoria to establish a church there in 1841. In 1842 he founded a Presbyterian school, run by J. S. Stewart.
In 1848 Rev. Laurie left the church and founded the Portland Herald, of which he was sole proprietor and editor, making a few enemies in the process. The Portland Herald and Belfast and Warrnambool Advocate (to give its full name) folded in 1855. Sons Andrew and Park were educated in Portland and later learnt much of the art of printing.
The widowed Janet Laurie and her four sons moved to Gambierton (now Mount Gambier) and set about founding a newspaper, The Border Watch, whose first issue came out on 26 April 1861 as a 4-page, single broadsheet weekly. John Watson (ca.1842 – 13 December 1925), another Scotsman and later Mount Gambier's first mayor, joined in 1863 as editor, and he and A. F. Laurie as publisher managed the company for the next 50 years.
Park divested himself of his share of the newspaper around 1870 and took up pastoral leases Charkut Station and Laurie Park, and purchased Mailman Station on the Lower Darling, in partnership with his brother-in-law, A. McEdward, of Melbourne.
He was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Victoria on two occasions and sat from 14 April 1870 to 6 December 1871 and 29 May 1873 to 21 February 1875. He had two colleagues for the first term: William Paltridge and (briefly) Neville Blyth. In his second stint his colleague was T. Wilde Boothby.
In 1882 he married Dora Kean; they spent the next two years touring the world: Switzerland, the Netherlands, Austria, Turkey, Italy, England and America. On their return he purchased Tallageira station and built a new house there, where they lived for several years before moving to "Laurie Park" on the Mosquito Plains. He sold all his properties and lived in Naracoorte for a year or two, then took up land at Cadgee, where they lived for eighteen months before again returning to Naracoorte. When Kybybolite Station was subdivided he took up a block which he named "Eurinima", built a house and operated a mixed farm, living there until his death.
Other interests
He was admitted to the Mount Gambier Lodge of Freemasons shortly after its establishment in 1867, and was in 1925 its longest serving member.
He was first elected to the Narracoorte District Council in 1889, and served for 35 years as a member, including 28 years as Chairman, retiring in 1929.
He was keenly interested in horse racing, and an owner of several good jumpers. His Cuttlefish won the Oakbank Hurdle Race twice, and Guardfish which won the Warrnambool Grand National Hurdles Race and ran second in the Grand National Hurdle Race of 1885. His Echo won a number of flat races. He was for many years a steward and judge of the Narracoorte Racing Club.
He died at the Naracoorte hospital, at 82 years, the then oldest ex-member of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Family
Children of Rev. Alexander (c. 1817–1854) and Janet Laurie, née Nicol, (c. 1822–1903) were:
Alexander John Sutherland Gammell Laurie (2 March 1842 – )
Andrew Frederick Laurie (1843 – 11 September 1920) married Emily Barrow (c. 1845 – 29 May 1939) on 20 February 1868, lived "Calula".
Frederick John Laurie (18 March 1871 – 24 October 1946) married Elizabeth ( – 10 November 1944)
Alexandrina Jessie Laurie (birth reg. as Alexandrina Jane Lawrie – Victoria Reg. 1851/9411)(1851– 3 September 1900) married Alex. McEdward (6 February 1839, Alvie, Inverness-shire Sct.– 25 July 1894) of "Wrattanbullie", Mosquito Plains (near Naracoorte), on 22 December 1870, lived at "Mildura", Barkers Road, Kew, Victoria.
Bunyan Harcourt Laurie (c. 1848 – 10 August 1914) acted as overseer for J. P. D. Laurie
James Park Dawson Laurie (c. 1846 – 2 December 1928) married Dora Kean (c. 1863 – 26 January 1919) of Portland at "Laurie Park" on 13 July 1882. Their children included:
Park Alexander McEdward Laurie (13 November 1883 – ) served at Gallipoli with 3rd Light Horse regiment, then with the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, promoted to Captain 1915, Major 1916, but repatriated and discharged in 1817 as not suited to command. He married Doris Thornhill Berry on 6 March 1921.
Daphne Mary Jessie Laurie (1886– )
Lily Laurel Nicol Laurie (1889– )
Dorothy Annie "Dora" Laurie (1895– )
Alex J. Laurie (c. 1856 – 23 May 1917) on the staff of The Border Watch
The widow Janet Lawrie, a woman of culture and attainment, married a second time, to Joshua Black and settled at "Corkhill", Bridgewater, near Portland, Victoria.
References
Australian newspaper proprietors
Australian pastoralists
Australian racehorse owners and breeders
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
1846 births
1928 deaths
Zatrephes albescens is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Milton W. Luter (born 1978), better known by the stage name Mick Luter, is an American rapper based in Chicago, Illinois.
Early life
Luter was born in Dallas, Texas. When he was 10 years old, his mother took him and his younger brother Victor back to her hometown of Chicago, Illinois, due to domestic conflicts. Luter graduated from Whitney Young Magnet High School in 1996. He went on to attend Temple University where he began rapping seriously, inspired by the local rap scene in Philadelphia. In the Summer of 1999, he met a young MC known as Wasalu, also known as Lupe Fiasco. The following Summer, in 2000, they both entered the 2000 Source Magazine Rap Battle. Luter came fourth in the nationwide competition in New York.
Career
Luter released his first LP, The Word in 2003. The LP was mostly produced by No I.D. and Skip Lava. Lava and Luter had attended Whitney M. Young together and continued to work together as a group named "TheSpotter and TheShooter". Luter then released The Mickstape Vol.1—Hustle Harder and collaborated with producer SC. In 2007, Luter signed a recording deal with Epic Records after winning a national competition for unsigned performers sponsored by Music Nation and SESAC.
Discography
Albums
My Word (2003, Day 1/Stay Humble)
Mixtapes
The Mickstape Vol.1—Hustle Harder (2007, Day 1/Stay Humble)
The Lesson (2008, Day 1/Stay Humble)
The Myth with DJ G-Spot (2011, Day 1/Stay Humble)
Singles
"The Science" (2003)
"Bless the Bottle" (2005)
"Someday" (2006)
"How We're Raised" (2007)
"J-Down" (2008)
References
American male rappers
Rappers from Chicago
1978 births
Living people
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
Joseph Dan (, 1935 – 23 July 2022) was an Israeli scholar of Jewish mysticism. He taught for over 40 years in the Department of Jewish Thought at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was the first incumbent of the Gershom Scholem Chair in Jewish Mysticism at The Hebrew University.
Biography
Dan was born in 1935 in Budapest, Hungary, from where, at the age of four, he and his family fled out of fear of Nazism, settling later in Jerusalem. All the biographical documents about Joseph Dan (including his own website) give his birthplace as Bratislava, Slovakia, a version created by his father to escape repatriation by the British government in Palestine.
In the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Dan began a double major in Assyriology and Jewish Thought. Under the influence of the revered teacher Gershom Scholem, he was attracted towards Jewish mysticism. He received his doctorate in 1964 under the guidance of Isaiah Tishby, his thesis titled The Speculative Basis of the Ethical Teachings of Chassidei Ashkenaz.
Having written more than 60 books, he published recently the first three volumes of a project titled "Toledot Torat Hasod Ha'ivrit" ("History of Hebraic Mysticism and Esotericism", Zalman Shazar Center, Jerusalem), which he describes as "an attempt by one individual to write the entire history of Jewish mysticism: not some executive summary, but rather a full-blown academic survey abridgment for executives but with academic detail".
Awards
In 1997, Dan was awarded the Israel Prize, for Jewish thought.
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
References
External links
Joseph Dan's website at the Hebrew University
Interview with Joseph Dan in Haaretz
Books written by Joseph Dan
Articles written by Joseph Dan
Israeli interview with Joseph Dan on the beginning of the Bible (Hebrew video)
1935 births
2022 deaths
People from Budapest
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Israel Prize in Jewish thought recipients
Israeli Jews
Hungarian Jews
Jewish mysticism
Judaic scholars
Kabbalah
Hungarian emigrants to Israel
Israeli people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
St Mary and St Eanswythe's Church is a Grade II* listed Anglican church in Folkestone, Kent, situated not far from cliffs overlooking the English Channel. Parts of the building date from the 13th century, but it was largely rebuilt in the 19th century. It is unusual in having a central tower.
St Eanswythe
St Eanswythe was an Anglo-Saxon princess, a granddaughter of king Æthelberht of Kent (who was converted to Christianity by Augustine of Canterbury), and daughter of king Eadbald of Kent, who reigned from 616 to 640. She was born about 630, and it is believed that she was the abbess of a nunnery here.
The nunnery was later destroyed, perhaps by falling into the sea, or sacked by Vikings in 867. In 1138, after intermediate rebuilding, a new monastery was built, Folkestone Priory, with a church dedicated to St Mary and St Eanswythe, the foundation of the present building; the relics of St Eanswythe were brought into the church on 12 September 1138. The building was destroyed in a fire in 1216, and restored in 1220, and extended in 1236.
19th century and later
In parts of the present building, the earlier church (before the 19th century) is still visible: the arcade of the chancel is of the 13th century; the lady chapel (north of the chancel) and St Eanswythe's chapel (south of the chancel), and the arches of the tower, are of the 15th century.
During the incumbency of Canon Matthew Woodward, vicar from 1851 to 1898, the church was largely rebuilt. The nave and north aisle were rebuilt by R. C. Hussey in the 1850s. The west window and porch were created by Stallwood in 1872. The south chancel aisle and transept were rebuilt in 1869, the south aisle in 1974. The three altar windows, and the windows in the Lady Chapel, were created by C. E. Kempe.
Discovery of reliquary
During renovation of the church in 1885, a reliquary was discovered in a niche in the walls near the altar. From the ornamentation it was judged to be of the 12th century. It contained the bones of a young woman who died in the 7th century; from the position of the reliquary, it was concluded that they were the remains of St Eanswythe. They were re-interred in the same place, the niche covered by a brass door and grille. Scientific re-examination early in 2020 confirmed that they almost certainly did belong to Eanswythe.
Organ
It is known there was an organ in the church in 1528. It was rebuilt several times in the 19th century; further history from earlier centuries is little known. The present organ was built in the South Transept by William Hill & Sons of London in 1894 and then rebuilt and enlarged in 1930 by Hill, Norman & Beard, so that it had 39 stops.
References
Grade II* listed churches in Kent
Church of England church buildings in Kent
Diocese of Canterbury
George Taylor (February 12, 1803 − August 21, 1891) was a nurseryman from Scotland who emigrated to Kalamazoo, Michigan in 1855. There, he became known as George "Celery" Taylor because he introduced commercial celery growing to the United States.
Early life
George Taylor was born in the Scottish Borders on 12 February 1803. His parents were Andrew Taylor, a shepherd, and Violet Stevenson. As a child, Taylor had to watch over the sheep, often snaring rabbits and hares illegally to sell for one shilling and sixpence each, a day's wages then. His parents were literate; though, he could already read the Bible when he started school aged seven.
Working life
Even though he only had a few years of schooling, he was an educated man with a great love of books. He used to walk the fifty miles to Edinburgh, which took him fourteen hours, to spend his money on books rather than pay the coach fare.
He learned his trade as a market gardener and in 1846 became manager of a plant nursery in Kelso. He worked there successfully for nine years.
Religion and temperance
He was a deeply religious man at a time when there was much upheaval in the Church of Scotland. He followed Thomas Chalmers at the time of the Disruption of 1843 to form the Free Church of Scotland. After seeing families destroyed by drink, he became involved in the Temperance movement which was growing in Britain at that time. He became vice-president of the Temperance Society in Kelso. His faith also made him speak up against slavery.
United States
In 1855, aged 53, he took his family to the United States and settled in Kalamazoo, Michigan, where his brothers were already living. There, he started a gardening business and had many plants and trees shipped from Scotland. It was there that he introduced commercial celery growing to the United States, an achievement remembered on a plaque in Kalamazoo. He gave several addresses to the Horticultural Society of Michigan on hedging and forestry, stressing the need for planting for the future.
Travel
He was a well-travelled man who journeyed through Scotland, England, Ireland and the United States by rail. He made his first train journey in 1843 to Ayrshire then to the Trossachs where he met and travelled with Newman Hall (Christopher Newman Hall, known as the Dissenter's Bishop, who was a notable English Nonconformist). Taylor's first sea voyage was to the United States in 1855. In spite of the first sailing ship nearly sinking off Ireland, he returned to Scotland in 1862 and again in 1874, crossing the Atlantic five times in all. On his train travels he visited the Great Exhibition in London in 1851, the Niagara Falls, Washington and saw the ruins of Chicago a few days after the Great Fire in 1871.
Family
George Taylor had four wives and six children. Three others died at birth. He married:
Helen Robson in 1837, died in childbirth in 1839.
Jane Dodds in 1842, mother of his six surviving children, died c.1857.
Jane Whellans in 1863, died in childbirth in the same year.
Susan Carter in 1870, died in 1889.
His children were Isabella, Andrew who drowned aged 19, James, Violet, George and John.
George Taylor died in Kalamazoo on 21 August 1891.
Notes
Sources
People from the Scottish Borders
Scottish emigrants to the United States
American gardeners
1803 births
1891 deaths
Dražen Bolić (; born 12 September 1971) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
After playing for Obilić, Bolić was transferred to Partizan in 1994, spending the next four seasons with the Crno-beli. He then went abroad to Italy and signed with Serie A club Salernitana in 1998. In his debut season, Bolić played regularly for the side, but the club failed to avoid relegation to Serie B. He spent the following 10 years in the country, also playing for Ancona, Vicenza, and Lanciano.
International career
At international level, Bolić was capped seven times for FR Yugoslavia between 1995 and 2000, making his debut in a 2–0 friendly loss to Greece.
Post-playing career
After hanging up his boots, Bolić served as assistant manager to Ivan Tomić at Partizan from 2015 to 2016. He also worked as an assistant to Žarko Lazetić at Metalac Gornji Milanovac.
Career statistics
Honours
Partizan
First League of FR Yugoslavia: 1995–96, 1996–97
FR Yugoslavia Cup: 1997–98
References
External links
A.C. Ancona players
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in Italy
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
FK Obilić players
FK Partizan non-playing staff
FK Partizan players
L.R. Vicenza players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbia and Montenegro international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Serbian footballers
Serbs of Croatia
Serie A players
Serie B players
Sportspeople from Karlovac
S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924 players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
1971 births
Living people
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1950 season.
Overview
It was contested by 17 teams, and AVN won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the First Battle of Kernstown of the American Civil War. The Union order of battle is shown separately.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Cpt = Captain
Lt = Lieutenant
Other
w = wounded
mw = mortally wounded
k = killed
Valley District, Department of Northern Virginia
MG Thomas J. Jackson
References
Kernstown Battlefield Association
American Civil War orders of battle
The 1997 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the third recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Druk Pol, their second title in a row.
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
football
Three ships of United States Navy were named USS Corry for William Merrill Corry, Jr.
, a Clemson-class destroyer, was commissioned in 1921 and decommissioned in 1930.
, a Gleaves-class destroyer, served from 1941 until she was sunk on D-Day, 6 June 1944.
, a Gearing-class destroyer, was launched in 1945. In 1981, the ship was transferred to Greece and renamed Kriezis.
United States Navy ship names
The Macintosh LC II is a personal computer designed, manufactured, and sold by Apple Computer from March 1992 to March 1993. The LC II is an update to the original Macintosh LC, replacing its Motorola 68020 processor with a 68030 and increasing the onboard memory to 4 MB. The LC II was priced at US$1,699, fully $800 less than the original LC when it was introduced.
In September 1992, Apple introduced the Macintosh Performa family of consumer-oriented computers. The LC II was repackaged as the Performa 400. When LC II was replaced by the Macintosh LC III in early 1993, the LC II was discontinued in North America, and two new Performa models (the 405 and 430) were introduced in its place. In October, the Performa 400, 405 and 430 were all discontinued and a new LC II-based model called the Performa 410 was introduced which became Apple's new entry-level computer. The LC II continued to be sold in some markets for some time after that.
The LC II was Apple's highest-selling Macintosh product in 1992.
Overview
The LC II retains the original LC's 16-bit system bus and 10 MB RAM limit, making its performance roughly the same as the earlier model. The main benefit of the 68030 processor in the LC II is its onboard paged memory management unit, which System 7 uses to enable its new virtual memory feature. Apple had opted to get a quick update to the LC out the door instead of spending the additional time required to do a full architectural update, which would happen the following year with the Macintosh LC III.
The LC II was sold at the same time as the Macintosh IIsi, which was more than $800 more expensive than the LC II, but did not have its 10 MB memory limit, 16-bit data bus, and mono audio output. The IIsi also includes a NuBus expansion slot that the LC II lacks, and can be powered on via a button on the keyboard, unlike the LC range which has a power switch on the back of the unit.
Hardware
Case: The LC II retains its predecessor's pizza box form factor. The design was updated during the LC II's production run when the auto-inject floppy drive was substituted for a manual-inject unit. The revised front bezel no longer featured the horizontal indentation aligning with the floppy drive, a defining characteristic of the Snow White design language.
Logic board: The LC II retains much of the original LC's logic board design, including a 16-bit data path and a 10 MB memory limit. These limitations limited the machine's ability to take full advantage of the 68030 CPU.
Storage: The LC II shipped with one floppy drive as standard, with options for 40 or 80 MB hard drives. While the original LC had two internal floppy drive connectors, the LC II has one. About 5% of the LC units sold had two floppy drives, and internal hard disks were becoming common by 1992, so the second connector was removed.
Video: The LC II's logic board has one video RAM slot, which is filled with a 256 KB SIMM as standard; the high-end configuration was shipped with a 512 KB SIMM instead. VRAM SIMMs from the original LC are supported in the LC II.
Upgrades: Apple sold a $599 upgrade kit that replaced the LC II's logic board with that of the LC III.
Models
Introduced March 23, 1992 (and discontinued March 15, 1993):
Macintosh LC II: Sold in these configurations:
4 MB RAM, 40 MB HDD. US$1,699.
4 MB RAM, 80 MB HDD, 256 KB VRAM. US$1,849.
4 MB RAM, 80 MB HDD, 512 KB VRAM. US$2,049.
Introduced September 14, 1992:
Performa 400: 4 MB RAM, 512 KB VRAM, 80 MB HDD.
Introduced April 12, 1993:
Performa 405: 4 MB RAM, 256 KB VRAM, 80 MB HDD.
Performa 430: 4 MB RAM, 256 KB VRAM, 120 MB HDD.
Introduced October 18, 1993:
Performa 410: 4 MB RAM, 512 KB VRAM, 80 MB HDD.
Timeline
References
External links
LC II, Performa 400, Performa 405, Performa 410, and Performa 430 specifications at everymac.com.
Mac LC II at lowendmac.com.
II
LC II
LC II
Computer-related introductions in 1992
Krzyżowa (, until 1930: Creisau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.
It lies in the historic Lower Silesia region, approximately southeast of Świdnica, and southwest of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has an approximate population of 220.
The village is the site of an International Youth Meeting Centre, which primarily brings Polish and German young people together for dialogue and educational programs.
History
The settlement in the Silesian Duchy of Jawor-Świdnica was first mentioned in a 1335 deed. Like most of Silesia, the Krzyżowa area had been annexed by the Prussian king Frederick the Great after the First Silesian War in 1742. The manor was purchased by the Prussian field marshal Helmuth von Moltke the Elder after the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, and from that time on this extensive property was the family seat of the Moltke noble family until 1945. The members of the anti-Nazi resistance group Kreisau Circle met on the property, hosted by Helmuth von Moltke's great-grandnephew Helmuth James Graf von Moltke, who was executed for treason against Germany in January 1945.
After World War II the property was used as a farm, and still today the single houses carry names like cowshed or stable. On 12 November 1989, the Polish Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki and the German Federal Chancellor Helmut Kohl held a reconciliation meeting there and decided to redevelop the property as an International Youth Meeting Centre. The renovation was predominantly financed by the "Endowment for German-Polish Understanding". In 1998 the Centre was officially opened. Those attending the opening ceremony included the widow of Helmuth James Graf von Moltke, Freya von Moltke, and the initiator Helmut Kohl. The Center is known as the Międzynarodowe Centrum Spotkań Młodzieży in Polish, and as the Internationale Jugendbegegnungsstätte Kreisau in German.
The property has several hectares of grounds, many comfortable guestrooms for youth groups as well as for private guests, a dining room (in a former cowshed), a cafeteria, sports rooms and sports fields, conference rooms (with simultaneous translation arrangement) as well as party rooms (with table tennis and pool). A restored castle containing an exhibition on the Kreisau Circle is also located there.
People
Helmuth James von Moltke (1907-1945), German jurist and resistance fighter
See also
Internationale Jugendbegegnungsstätte Kreisau (German article about the Centre).
International Youth Meeting Center in Oświęcim/Auschwitz (a second youth meeting center in Poland).
Międzynarodowe Centrum Spotkań Młodzieży (Polish article about the Centre).
References
Further reading
Liliana Sadowska & Izabela Taraszczuk: Genius loci als guter Geist. Trinationales Studentenkolloquium zum Widerstand in Kreisau, article about a student conference on resistance movement in France, Germany and Poland in the 20th century (November 3–8, 2007 in Krzyżowa), "Kulturpolitische Korrespondenz", edition nr 1253, 10.03.2008, Stiftung Ostdeutscher Kulturrat, Bonn (German).
Liliana Sadowska & Izabela Taraszczuk: Polsko-niemiecko-francuskie spotkanie studentów - Krzyżowa - 3-8 listopada 2007 r., article from "Uniwersytet Zielonogórski", edition February 2008, p. 26-27 (Polish).
External links
Charitable organization founded by Freya von Moltke, a member of the Kreisau Circle and the widow of Helmuth James Graf von Moltke.
Panorama 360° Moltke Palace
Villages in Świdnica County
"If You Want Me To" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Joe Diffie. It was released in December 1990 as the second single from his debut album A Thousand Winding Roads. The song reached the Top 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. The song was written by Diffie and Larry Williams.
Music video
This was Diffie's first music video. It was directed by Marius Penczner and premiered in late 1990.
Chart performance
The song debuted at number 53 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart dated December 15, 1990. It charted for 20 weeks on that chart, and peaked at number 2 on the country chart dated March 2, 1991.
Charts
Year-end charts
References
1990 singles
1990 songs
Joe Diffie songs
Songs written by Joe Diffie
Song recordings produced by Bob Montgomery (songwriter)
Epic Records singles
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt in March 1942. They were boycotted by the opposition, resulting in the ruling Wafd Party winning 240 of the 264 seats.
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
Parliamentary election
Egyptian parliamentary election
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
The Monument to the Unknown Woman Worker is a 1992 sculpture by Louise Walsh in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
The sculpture is located on the city's Great Victoria Street adjacent to the Europa Hotel. It is cast in bronze and features two working-class women with symbols of women's work embedded on the surfaces. Domestic items such as colanders, a shopping basket and clothes pegs are part of the sculpture.
The Department of the Environment's original commission, in the late 1980s, was for an artwork to reflect the nearby Amelia Street's history as a red-light district. Walsh's design "Monument to the Unknown Woman Worker" was accepted by the project's landscape architect and the Art in Public Spaces Research Group, however the Belfast Development Office and the Belfast City Council opposed the project and the selected design, and the project was dropped in 1989. A few years later a private developer recommissioned the work and it was erected in .
Walsh was born in County Cork, and received her MA in sculpture from the University of Ulster.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Northern Ireland
1992 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
Monuments and memorials to women
1992 establishments in Northern Ireland
Sculptures of women in the United Kingdom
New Mexico State Road 12 (NM 12) is a primarily west–east state road in western New Mexico. The road is long and runs from U.S. Route 180 (US 180) west of Reserve to US 60 in Datil. NM 12 is located entirely within Catron County. The road's original alignment ran south from its western terminus to near Mule Creek, but this section was later removed. The road was designated a State Highway by the New Mexico legislature in 1917. State Road 12 was paved during the 1950s.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
012
Transportation in Catron County, New Mexico
Holbay Engineering was a small family run British engineering company specializing in engine modifications and race tuning. Although they enjoyed much success during the 1960s and 1970s with their competition race engines, they are best remembered today for their work on the Rootes 1725cc OHV engines as used in the Hillman Hunter GLS and Sunbeam Rapier H120.
History
The company was founded by John Read between 1958 and 1959 together with his older brother Roger Dunnell and was initially run from the family home in Sheffield.
The company moved into larger premises at Martlesham Heath in Suffolk in 1964 and went into liquidation in 1992 after the untimely death of its founder John Read in an unusual aircraft accident.
Some of the assets of the company were sold at auction but the intellectual property rights, including the ‘Holbay' registered trademark, company records together with all engine production details and specifications, passed to the son of the founder, Paul Dunnell, who had served his apprenticeship at the company and worked there as an engineer for some years.
Paul established his own renowned engine and race tuning business, Dunnell Engines in 1989 and absorbed the renamed Holbay Racing Engines Ltd into the Dunnell business and remains the source of knowledge and expertise for Holbay engines today.
List of Holbay Engines
Type number unknown - Holbay tuned Ford Anglia engine, a popular choice with British Formula Junior racing car constructors
S65 - based on a Ford Cortina block and using a Holbay cylinder head.
H120 (As supplied to the Rootes Group for their Hunter GLS and Rapier H120 Models)
References
http://www.motorbase.com/vehicle/by-id/1202/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120819151802/http://www.rootes-chrysler.co.uk/car-development/dev-hunter.html
External links
Holbay.co.uk (redirects to Dunnell Engines)
Dunnel Engines
Woodbridge Classic Cars
Automotive companies of the United Kingdom
Gameel Al-Batouti (; also rendered "Gamil El Batouti" or "El Batouty" in U.S. official reports; 2 February 1940 – 31 October 1999) was a pilot for EgyptAir and a former officer for the Egyptian Air Force. On 31 October 1999, he and all 216 other passengers and crew on board EgyptAir Flight 990 were killed when it crashed into the Atlantic Ocean about southeast of Nantucket Island, Massachusetts. The US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) concluded and stated that the crash was caused by a series of deliberate flight control inputs to the aircraft made by Al-Batouti, while in the position of relief first officer and alone in the cockpit. The NTSB went on to state that the reason for his inputs were not "not determined".
Early life
Al-Batouti was born in the farming community of Kafr al-Dabusi, Dakahlia Governorate, Egypt. His father was a mayor and a landowner, and family members were well educated and affluent.
Career
Al-Batouti had been conscripted into the Egyptian Air Force, where he was trained as a pilot and flight instructor. He then worked for a time as an instructor at the Egypt Aviation Academy. His position there was described by one colleague as "high profile."
While in the Air Force, Al-Batouti served as a pilot in both the 1967 Six-Day War and the 1973 Yom Kippur War.
Al-Batouti was hired by EgyptAir on 8 September 1987. He held type ratings for the Boeing 737-200, Boeing 767-200 and the 767-300. At the time of the crash, he had logged 12,538 hours of flight time, with 5,755 as pilot in command and 5,191 in the 767.
Al-Batouti was approaching mandatory retirement (aviation regulations prevented him from flying as a commercial airline pilot after age 60), and had planned to split his time between a 10-bedroom villa outside of Cairo and a beach house near El Alamein.
At the time of his death, Al-Batouti was the most senior first officer flying the 767 at EgyptAir. He was not promoted to captain because he declined to sit for the exam for his Airline Transport Pilot Licence (ATPL) rating. The ATPL study materials and exam are conducted in English, the international language of aviation, and Al-Batouti did not have sufficient English proficiency. Once he reached 55, the possibility of promotion was further hindered by EgyptAir policy which prevented promotions after that age. According to statements made by his colleagues to the NTSB during the Flight 990 investigation, he did not want to be promoted because, as senior first officer, he could get his preferred flight schedules, which assisted with his family situation. Despite not being promoted to captain, he was often called by that title because of his previous experience at the Egypt Aviation Academy.
Flight 990
While Al-Batouti was momentarily alone in the cockpit when Captain Ahmed El-Habashi went to the lavatory, the aircraft suddenly went into a rapid dive nose-first, resulting in weightlessness (zero-g) throughout the cabin. Despite this, Captain El-Habashi was able to fight the lack of gravity and re-enter the cockpit. The speed of the 767 was now dangerously close to breaking the sound barrier and entering mach speed, exceeding its design limits and beginning to weaken its airframe. The captain pulled back on his control column and applied full power to the engines, but neither action had any effect due to the aircraft's speed and the engines having been shut down. The captain then deployed the speedbrakes, which slowed the aircraft's dive, bringing it back to a safer speed. However, these abrupt maneuvers resulted in the aircraft entering a steep climb, causing g-forces to push the passengers and crew into their seats. Both engines then stopped completely, causing the aircraft to lose all electrical power and both flight recorders to stop at this point. The aircraft then fell into another steep dive and huge mechanical stress caused the left engine to separate from the wing. The aircraft began to break apart in midair at and debris crashed into the Atlantic Ocean at 1:52 am EST. All 217 people on board were killed.
Some of Al-Batouti's final recorded words on the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) were "Tawkalt ala Allah" (), which can be translated as "I rely on God" , 11 times. This phrase can also be interpreted as "I entrust myself unto God," hinting that he knew he was facing death, giving credence to the theory that he deliberately crashed the aircraft.
Investigators learned from another pilot that Al-Batouti was supposedly reprimanded for repeated inappropriate behaviour with female guests at the Hotel Pennsylvania, a New York City hotel often used by EgyptAir crews. Hatem Roushdy, the EgyptAir official said to be responsible for the alleged reprimand, was a passenger on Flight 990. Investigators confirmed that shortly before the flight, Roushdy revoked Al-Batouti's privilege of flying to the United States and informed him that Flight 990 would be his last on the route.
The Egyptian Civil Aviation Authority disputes the cause of the crash, blaming mechanical problems rather than any action of Al-Batouti.
There was Western media speculation that Al-Batouti may have been a terrorist, although his family and friends indicated that he had no strong political beliefs.
Personal life
Al-Batouti was married and had five children. The youngest, a daughter who was 10 at the time of the crash, suffered from lupus, and was undergoing medical treatment in Los Angeles. Efforts had been made at EgyptAir, both at a company level and at an employee level, to provide assistance to help defray the medical expenses.
According to Federal Bureau of Investigation reports, Al-Batouti was a promiscuous man who often made sexual advances toward maids and other women at the New York hotel where he stayed.
In popular culture
Season 3, episode 8 of the Canadian television series Mayday titled "Death and Denial", dramatizes the events and investigation of EgyptAir Flight 990. Gameel Al-Batouti is portrayed by Canadian actor Elias Zarou.
References
External links
1940 births
1999 deaths
Egyptian aviators
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Egyptian Air Force personnel
Egyptian people of the Yom Kippur War
Commercial aviators
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in international waters
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1999
People from Dakahlia Governorate
Yom Kippur War pilots
1999 suicides
Emir Ekşioğlu (born 9 June 1994) is a Turkish journalist and former a Huffington Post author. He has been introduced in the Times of Israel as "One of the Middle East's most successful journalists."
Biography
Emir Ekşioğlu was born in Istanbul whose family is from Rize. He published articles in important institutions such as HuffPost, Independent, Times of India, Economic Times, Times of Israel, Jerusalem Post, U.S. News, Foreign Policy, Fortune, Tehran Times and was introduced as the youngest media boss thanks to some of his investments in Turkey. In 2016, he bought the Boxer Magazine, where he previously used to work, from Nikkei. He has done interviews with a lot of important people on an international level.
Eksioglu, also who is active in the field of international relations, works as an Ambassador for Switzerland-based Horasis, which is one of the most reputable think-tanks.
He hosted an award-winning radio show on TRT.
Huffington Post
In 2016, he became author of the Huffington Post, referral by HuffPost founder Arianna Huffington.
2018 Turkish general election
In the 2018 general elections, the Justice and Development Party applied for a candidacy for Hakkari MP. This nomination was welcomed in many newspapers in Iran, Pakistan and Israel, but it was not nominated by the party. In an interview with The Jerusalem Post, he stated that his candidacy was a give social message for the region and that he was not a member of any party.
References
Journalists from Istanbul
Turkish radio presenters
People from Rize
Laz people
1994 births
Living people
Bo Phloi (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Kanchanaburi province, central Thailand.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) Bo Phloi was created by splitting off some parts of Mueang Kanchanaburi district. It was upgraded to a full district on 16 July 1963.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Tha Muang, Mueang Kanchanaburi, Si Sawat, Nong Prue, Lao Khwan, Huai Krachao, and Phanom Thuan of Kanchanaburi Province.
Administration
The district is divided into six sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 77 villages (mubans). There are two townships (thesaban tambons) within the district. Nong Ri covers parts of tambon Nong Ri, and Bo Phloi covers parts of tambons Bo Phloi and Chong Dan. There are a further six tambon administrative organizations.
Missing numbers are tambon which now form Nong Prue District.
References
External links
amphoe.com
Bo Phloi
This is a list of Jewish winners and nominees of Academy Awards. It includes ethnic Jews and those who converted to Judaism.
Best Actor in a Leading Role
Best Actress in a Leading Role
Best Actor in a Supporting Role
Best Actress in a Supporting Role
Best Animated Feature
Best Assistant Director
Note: Defunct category.
Best Cinematography
Best Costume Design
Best Dance Direction
Note: Defunct category.
Best Director
Best Documentary Feature
Best Documentary (Short Subject)
Best Film Editing
Best International Feature Film
The Academy Award for Best International Feature Film is awarded to countries, not individuals. This list contains Jewish directors of nominated films, who typically accept the award on behalf of their country.
Best Makeup and Hairstyling
Best Music, Original Score
Best Music, Original Song
Best Picture
Best Production Design
Best Animated Short Film
Best Live Action Short Film
Best Sound
Best Story
Note: Defunct category.
Best Visual Effects
Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay)
Best Writing (Original Screenplay)
Special awards
References
General
Specific
Jewish
Jewish
Academy Awards
Academy Awards
Academy Award winners and nominees
Sir Herbert Perrott Pakington, 5th Baronet (c. 1701 – 24 September 1748), of Westwood, near Droitwich, Worcestershire, was an English Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1727 to 1741.
Early life
Pakington was the only surviving son of Sir John Packington and his second wife, Hester Perrott. He married Elizabeth Conyers, daughter of John Conyers, K.C., of Walthamstow, Essex on. 22 June 1721. On the death of his father in 1727, he succeeded to the baronetcy and Westwood House.
Career
Pakington was returned as Tory Member of Parliament for Worcestershire at the 1727 British general election in succession to his father. He was returned unopposed at the 1734 British general election. He voted against the Administration in all known divisions except on the motion to remove Walpole in February 1741. He did not stand in 1741.
Packington was one of the lovers of the courtesan Teresia Constantia Phillips. Packington was so obsessed with her that he twice attempted suicide to keep her attention.
Death and legacy
Pakington died on 24 September 1748. He had two sons, John and Herbert Perrott, who became the sixth and seventh Pakington baronets, respectively.
References
1700s births
1748 deaths
People from Droitwich Spa
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Worcestershire
Year of birth uncertain
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
The First Parish Church is a historic church at 50 Church Street in Waltham, Massachusetts, whose Unitarian Universalist congregation has a history dating to c. 1696. The current meeting house was built in 1933 after a fire destroyed the previous building (the congregation's third) on the same site. It is a Classical Revival structure designed by the nationally known Boston firm of Allen & Collens. The church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Architecture and history
The church is located at the northwest corner of School and Church Streets, one block north of Waltham's Central Square. It is a rectangular single-story structure, with a gable-roofed central section four bays wide that is flanked by flat-roof single-bay sections. A Classical Revival portico with fluted columns projects at the south-facing front facade, with the church tower set astride the transition between the projection and the main body. A school structure, added in 1957, is attached to the rear of the building.
The First Parish congregation dates to about 1695, when the area was part of Watertown, and had grown sufficiently in population to merit a separate parish from the original 1630 congregation in Watertown. In 1720 the congregation acquired its first meetinghouse, moving a building from what is now Newton. Its second meetinghouse, located at Lyman and Beaver Streets, was built in 1767, and its third was built at this location in 1838. That building was destroyed by fire on August 24, 1932. The present church was built, partly on the foundations of the previous one, soon afterward. It was designed by the noted ecclesiastical architectural firm of Allen and Collins of Boston.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
Further reading
"Tercentennial History of The First Parish in Waltham Massachusetts 1696-1996", by Elizabeth D. Castner
External links
Official Church Website
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Unitarian Universalist churches in Massachusetts
Churches completed in 1932
20th-century Unitarian Universalist church buildings
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
South African Folklore originates from an oral, historical tradition. It is rooted in the region's landscape with animals – and the animal kingdom – playing a dominant role. Some of the subjects covered include: plant life taking on a human form, women being married to gods, messages being delivered by thunder. Music and song is often used to tell the story and the tales values are usually African, with community and sharing being key. Some 19th century folklore tales from this genre include: "Crocodiles Treason", "Lion's Share", The World's Reward, "The Dance for Water or Rabbit's Triumph", "The Hunt of Lion and Jackal", The Zebra Stallion, "Lion Who Taught Himself Wiser Than His Mother" and "the Origin of Death".
See also
Afrikaans folklore
References
Folklore by country
Folklore
Calatrava la Nueva () is a medieval castle and convent found on the peak of Alacranejo, within the municipality of Aldea del Rey, near Almagro, in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain.
Its name is a reference to the Order of Calatrava, which was originally situated in Calatrava la Vieja, 60 km to the north. In 1217, the Order of Calatrava moved to Calatrava la Nueva. Thus, the original site became known as Calatrava la Vieja ("Old Calatrava") and the new site as Calatrava la Nueva (“New Calatrava”).
Burials
Alfonso of Molina
Gallery
External links
Information on the church
Historia del castillo y galería fotográfica en www.castillosnet.org
Galería Fotográfica en www.ciudad-real.es
Interveciones arquitectónicas en el Sacro Convento de Calatrava La Nueva, durante la segunda mitad del siglo XVIII - artículo del nº 23-24 Cuadernos de Estudios Manchegos
Castles in Castilla–La Mancha
Buildings and structures in the Province of Ciudad Real
Monasteries in Castilla–La Mancha
Faron Pharmaceuticals is a Finnish drug discovery and development company based in Turku, Finland.
The company was founded in 2003 by a group led by Markku Jalkanen, who now acts as the company's Chief Executive Officer. It specialises in the development of treatments for acute organ traumas, vascular damage and cancer immunotherapy.
Its lead product Traumakine has been developed to treat Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). It is currently (2020) undergoing international phase III clinical trials after an open-label, early-phase trial showed promising results in the treatment patients with ARDS. The drug is known to function by enhancing lung CD73 expression and increasing production of anti-inflammatory adenosine, such that vascular leaking and escalation of inflammation are reduced. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA has accepted the proposed protocol design for the next Traumakine study in March 2020. The phase III study is a comparison of efficacy in the treatment of patients with ARDS.
In 2020 Traumakine was selected to take part in the WHO Solidarity trial and REMAP-CAP trials to find drugs for the symptoms of Covid_19. In June 2020, Faron received a €2,100,000 low interest rate loan from Business Finland for Traumakine manufacturing.
Faron's other products include the anti-Clever-1 antibody Clevegen. Clevegen is focused on converting the immune environment around a tumour from being immune suppressive to immune stimulating and represents a novel immuno-oncology approach. Current encouraging phase I/II clinical trials in Europe are soon to be extended to America. In 2020, the trials continue with bowel cancer and other types of cancer. According to the Faron CEO Markku Jalkanen, the first marketing authorisations could potentially be applied for in 2022–2023. In April 2020, the placing of Faron's shares raised €14 million, and with these resources, Faron will expand the Clevegen study to include several difficult types of cancer, e.g. bowel cancer, ovarian cancer, hepatic cancer and pancreatic cancer.
Faron Pharmaceuticals is listed in London on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market (AIM). The company is listed secondarily in Helsinki on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland since December 2019. According to the Faron CEO Markku Jalkanen, a secondary listing will enhance the company's visibility and facilitate the trading of the stock for Scandinavian shareholders.
In May 2020, the national research and innovation project Cancer IO received EUR 10 million in funding from Business Finland's personalized health program, of which EUR 800,000 was funded by Faron Pharmaceuticals and in June 2020 Faron received a EUR 2.1 million low-interest loan from Business Finland for the production of the Traumakine drug.
References
Pharmaceutical companies of Finland
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2003
Pseudoreplication (sometimes unit of analysis error) has many definitions. Pseudoreplication was originally defined in 1984 by Stuart H. Hurlbert as the use of inferential statistics to test for treatment effects with data from experiments where all treatments are not replicated (though samples may be) or
replicates are not statistically independent. Subsequently, Millar and Anderson identified it as a special case of inadequate specification of random factors where both random and fixed factors are present. It is sometimes narrowly interpreted as an inflation of the number of samples or replicates which are not statistically independent. This definition omits the confounding of unit and treatment effects in a misspecified F-ratio. In practice, incorrect F-ratios for statistical tests of fixed effects often arise from a default F-ratio that is formed over the error rather the mixed term.
Lazic defined pseudoreplication as a problem of correlated samples where correlation is not taken into account when computing the confidence interval for the sample mean. For the effect of serial or temporal correlation also see Markov chain central limit theorem.
The problem of inadequate specification arises when treatments are assigned to units that are subsampled and the treatment F-ratio in an analysis of variance (ANOVA) table is formed with respect to the residual mean square rather than with respect to the among unit mean square. The F-ratio relative to the within unit mean square is vulnerable to the confounding of treatment and unit effects, especially when experimental unit number is small (e.g. four tank units, two tanks treated, two not treated, several subsamples per tank). The problem is eliminated by forming the F-ratio relative to the correct mean square in the ANOVA table (tank by treatment MS in the example above), where this is possible. The problem is addressed by the use of mixed models.
Hurlbert reported "pseudoreplication" in 48% of the studies he examined, that used inferential statistics. Several studies examining scientific papers published up to 2016 similarly found about half of the papers were suspected of pseudoreplication. When time and resources limit the number of experimental units, and unit effects cannot be eliminated statistically by testing over the unit variance, it is important to use other sources of information to evaluate the degree to which an F-ratio is confounded by unit effects.
Replication
Replication increases the precision of an estimate, while randomization addresses the broader applicability of a sample to a population. Replication must be appropriate: replication at the experimental unit level must be considered, in addition to replication within units.
Hypothesis testing
Statistical tests (e.g. t-test and the related ANOVA family of tests) rely on appropriate replication to estimate statistical significance. Tests based on the t and F distributions assume homogeneous, normal, and independent errors. Correlated errors can lead to false precision and p-values that are too small.
Types
Hurlbert (1984) defined four types of pseudoreplication.
Simple pseudoreplication (Figure 5a in Hurlbert 1984) occurs when there is one experimental unit per treatment. Inferential statistics cannot separate variability due to treatment from variability due to experimental units when there is only one measurement per unit.
Temporal pseudoreplication (Figure 5c in Hurlbert 1984) occurs when experimental units differ enough in time that temporal effects among units are likely, and treatment effects are correlated with temporal effects. Inferential statistics cannot separate variability due to treatment from variability due to experimental units when there is only one measurement per unit.
Sacrificial pseudoreplication (Figure 5b in Hurlbert 1984) occurs when means within a treatment are used in an analysis, and these means are tested over the within unit variance. In Figure 5b the erroneous F-ratio will have 1 df in the numerator (treatment) mean square and 4 df in the denominator mean square(2-1 = 1 df for each experimental unit). The correct F-ratio will have 1 df in the numerator (treatment) and 2 df in the denominator (2-1 = 1 df for each treatment). The correct F-ratio controls for effects of experimental units but with 2 df in the denominator it will have little power to detect treatment differences.
Implicit pseudoreplication occurs when standard errors (or confidence limits) are estimated within experimental units. As with other sources of pseudoreplication, treatment effects cannot be statistically separated from effects due to variation among experimental units.
See also
Replication (statistics)
Resampling (statistics)
References
Design of experiments
John Wilson Cassingham (June 22, 1840 – March 14, 1930) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1901 to 1905.
Early life and career
Born in Coshocton, Ohio, Cassingham attended the public schools.
Deputy county treasurer 1857-1868.
He engaged in the mercantile business from 1868 to 1875 and in the mining of coal in 1875.
Later also engaged in the manufacture of paper and in banking.
County auditor 1880-1887.
Trustee of the public library of Coshocton.
He served as member of the board of education.
He served as president of the Coshocton Board of Trade.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1896.
Congress
Cassingham was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1905).
He declined to be a candidate for reelection in 1904 to the Fifty-ninth Congress.
Retirement and death
Reengaged in his former business interests in Coshocton until 1915, when he retired from active pursuits.
He died in Coshocton on March 14, 1930, and was interred in South Lawn Cemetery.
Sources
1840 births
1930 deaths
People from Coshocton, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American coal miners
Weaver is an unincorporated community in Liberty Township, Grant County, Indiana. Weaver's first settlers were free people of color who migrated from North Carolina and South Carolina to Grant County in the early 1840s. The neighborhood was originally known as Crossroad; however, it was later renamed Weaver in honor of a prominent family of the community. The rural settlement reached its peak in the late 1800s, when its population reportedly reached 2,000. Many of its residents left the community for higher-paying jobs in larger towns during the Indiana's natural gas boom, but more than 100 families remained in the settlement in the early 1920s. Weaver, as with most of Indiana's black rural settlements, no longer exists as a self-contained community, but Weaver Cemetery remains as a community landmark.
Geography
Weaver was established in northern Liberty Township, Grant County, Indiana. Several streams, including Big Deer, Grassy Fork, and Middle Fork Creeks, flow through the township in southwestern Grant County, which is known for its level terrain and rich soil. As with other early black rural settlements in Indiana, Weaver was established near Quakers, who were known for their strong antislavery views.
Demographics
Founded by free blacks and ex-slaves, Weaver saw an increase in population in the late 1840s and early 1850s. The settlement peaked in the late 1800s, when its population reportedly reached 2,000 individuals. Many of the settlement's residents had kinship ties. The Weaver family, for example, had sixty members in sixteen households by 1860. The neighborhood became known as the Crossroads early in its history, but it was later renamed Weaver because many of its residents had the Weaver surname. Other Weaver settlers included those with surnames of Smith, Hill, Pettiford, Burden, Ward, Jones, Wood, Guillford, Artis, and White, among others. Weaver began to decline in early twentieth century and it no longer exists as a self-contained community.
History
Weaver was one of Indiana's early black pioneer communities. Dating from the 1840s, Weaver's first settlers were free people of color and ex-slaves, who migrated from North Carolina and South Carolina. With aid from Aaron Betts, a white Quaker from Ohio, Billy Clark, John Wright, Robert Smith, Robert Brazelton, and Robert Brown settled in Grant County in 1847.
Byrd [Burd] Weaver, a free person of color, was another early settler. It is believed that Weaver arrived around 1847; he is listed in the 1850 census for Grant County. Other of the community's early pioneers were members of the Pettiford [Pettifoot] family, also free people of color. The Weavers and Pettifords were originally from North Carolina. Later arrivals to the settlement migrated from Wayne County and Randolph County, Indiana, and Chillicothe, Ohio. William Wood was among the Weaver community's wealthiest landowners; Byrd Weaver was known for his leadership in recruiting new settlers to the community. Other members of the Weaver family had prominent positions in the community, such as postmaster and storekeeper.
Weaver developed as a farming community in the 1850s and 1860s. Only three African American families who lived in Liberty Township, one of whom was headed by Byrd Weaver, were identified in the 1850 census. By 1860 the township's black population was 284 individuals. The community continued to attract new migrants during the American Civil War-era, including freed and escaped slaves. Some Weaver residents farmed their own land, while others worked on farms owned by their white neighbors. Although the main occupation of the settlement's men was farming, some provided additional services to the community. Beverly Pettiford was a farmer and a shoemaker; Jack White was a farmer who played a violin at community gatherings.
Weaver eventually had its own school, church, general store, and blacksmith shop. When the community reached its peak in the 1870s and 1880s, its population reportedly reached nearly 2,000 individuals. A post office was established at Weaver in 1880 and remained in operation until 1902.
After Grant County experienced a natural gas boom during the 1880s, many of its rural citizens, including those from Weaver, relocated to larger industrial towns, such as nearby Marion and Gas City, to find better-paying jobs. The Indiana gas boom has also been attributed as a factor in changing the attitudes of Grant County's general population, including an increase in racial tension. In the early twentieth century Weaver's population continued to decline, although more than 100 black families remained at the settlement in the early 1920s. Most of Indiana's early black rural settlements, including Weaver, no longer exist.
Education
The neighborhood's children attended Weaver School, a one-room schoolhouse that was formally known as Liberty Township School Number 2. Established in 1869, the segregated public school served as the educational and community center of the settlement. West School, another township school, was built one mile west of Weaver School.
Religion
Weaver's African Methodist Episcopal Church (AME) congregation built Hill's Chapel in 1849. Other churches near the Weaver community included a Baptist church, built in 1854, and a Wesleyan church, built in the 1870s.
Transportation
A gravel road east of Weaver was built in 1869 to replace an earlier corduroy road that linked Liberty Township to Marion, Grant County's seat of government.
Points of interest
Weaver Cemetery remains as a community landmark.
Notable people
John Will Burden, an attorney, was a former assistant treasurer of Grant County.
Notes
References
Unincorporated communities in Grant County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Zygaenosia eximia is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Rothschild in 1936. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
References
Nudariina
Moths described in 1936
Zygaenosia
Bonneville County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 123,964, making it the fourth-most populous county in Idaho and the most populous in eastern Idaho. Its county seat and largest city is Idaho Falls. Bonneville County was established in 1911 and named after Benjamin Bonneville (1796–1878), a French-born officer in the U.S. Army, fur trapper, and explorer in the American West. Benjamin was the son of Nicholas Bonneville of France, an Illuminati member who had written the "Illuminati Manifesto for World Revolution" in 1792, which played a significant role in the French revolution. Bonneville County is part of the Idaho Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Bonneville County was established February 7, 1911, by the state legislature from the north and east parts of Bingham County, Idaho. It was named for Capt. B.L.E. Bonneville, of the U.S. Army, who explored throughout the Snake River area in the 1830s. A settlement developed at the site of the Idaho Falls, Idaho ferries on the Snake River in 1864. This settlement was to be known as Idaho Falls after 1891.
Today, Bonneville County stretches up from two desert floors through a fertile valley of plush crops and into heavily forested peaks. The area that became Bonneville County was first associated with Oneida County which stretched through most southern and southeastern Idaho. It was later reapportioned and formed the northern end of Bingham County. It wasn't until 1911 that Bonneville County was formed and Idaho Falls became the County seat. During all of this time, and even before people started making boundaries and setting up towns, villages and governments, there was a rich part to the region. Indians roamed much of the county in travels to Camas Harvest, and in 1808 John Corter came through the area. In 1810, Major Andrew Henry saw the country, and in 1832, the man whose name was later to be immortalized by the institution of the county, Captain B.L.E. Bonneville, visited the area.
The first bona fide town in the county, Keenan, was in the extreme eastern portion of Bonneville County near Caribou Mountain. Keenan boasted a population of nearly 1,000 people. It was about this same time, 1870, that Caribou City also sprang up and Eagle Rock, the forerunner of present-day Idaho Falls, began to acquire a population. There was a time during this growth and settlement period when it appeared Caribou City would outgrow Eagle Rock.
The gold rush into the Caribou region was not considered a small one despite the brevity of the settlements. An estimated $50 million was taken out of the region in gold dust and nuggets. Aside from the gold on Caribou mountain, cattle raising was the first major industry. Before the coming of the railroad, Matt Taylor bought and trailed a herd of cattle into the valley. As more settlers came they too started herds and stock raising became a profitable, growing industry.
Experiments proved that many farm products could be raised in the area and farms spread over the valley. In 1888, a group of farmers planted small acreages of potatoes. That fall they sold them for 90 cents per hundred weight, and a new industry was created. During the early 20th century, more experiments had shown that sugar beets could be grown successfully. In 1902, Mark Austin surveyed the possibilities and recommended that a sugar factory be built east of Idaho Falls. In 1903 the cornerstone for the building was laid. That fall the factory was in production and the small town of Lincoln built up around it.
From the building of the ferry in 1863 to 1900 the face of Bonneville County changed considerably. The Utah and Northern Railroad Company made Eagle Rock a division point, built maintenance shops and the town grew. In 1885, Eagle Rock had a population of 1,500. In 1887 the railroad shops moved to Pocatello, leaving Eagle Rock almost a ghost town. With the development of irrigation, the town took on a new life and it became the most important shipping point between Ogden, Utah and Butte, Montana.
Idaho Falls
On August 26, 1891, the name of Eagle Rock was changed to Idaho Falls due to the cataract in the river on the west edge of the city. The town became a city on April 6, 1900, with Joseph A. Clark as its first Mayor. Idaho Falls was on its way and headed for a future that would one day see it as headquarters for an atomic energy installation; but in the year of 1900, it was still a city under the control of Blackfoot. Blackfoot was the county seat of Bingham County which still harbored Idaho Falls and it was to be 11 years before Idaho Falls became the county seat.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water. The Snake River flows northwest through the Bonneville County, beginning at the Wyoming border as the Palisades Reservoir. The river exits the county about midway on its northern border, turns and re-enters approximately 20 miles (32 km) west to flow southwest through Idaho Falls .
Adjacent counties
Madison County - north
Teton County - north
Teton County, Wyoming - northeast
Lincoln County, Wyoming - southeast
Caribou County - south
Bingham County - west
Jefferson County - northwest
Major highways
- Interstate 15
- US 20
- US 26
- US 91
- SH-31
- SH-43
National protected areas
Caribou National Forest (part)
Grays Lake National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Targhee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 82,522 people, 28,753 households, and 21,449 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 30,484 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.79% White, 0.49% Black or African American, 0.65% Native American, 0.82% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 3.72% from other races, and 1.46% from two or more races. 6.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.3% were of English, 14.3% German and 12.2% American ancestry.
There were 28,753 households, out of which 40.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.00% were married couples living together, 9.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.40% were non-families. 21.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.33.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.10% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 21.00% from 45 to 64, and 10.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females there were 99.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,805, and the median income for a family was $48,216. Males had a median income of $38,745 versus $22,514 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,326. About 7.40% of families and 10.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 5.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 104,234 people, 36,629 households, and 26,787 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 39,731 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.6% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.8% American Indian, 0.6% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 5.1% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.4% were English, 17.4% were German, 9.9% were American, and 7.8% were Irish.
Of the 36,629 households, 40.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.9% were non-families, and 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.32. The median age was 31.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,445 and the median income for a family was $58,346. Males had a median income of $46,498 versus $29,008 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,218. About 8.1% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Ammon
Idaho Falls
Iona
Irwin
Ririe (partially)
Swan Valley
Ucon
Census-designated place
Lincoln
Unincorporated communities
Beachs Corner
Bone
Osgood
Palisades
Ghost towns
Herman
Caribou City
Politics
Like most of Idaho, Bonneville County has been powerfully Republican for many decades. The last Democratic nominee to win it was Harry Truman in 1948. It is very conservative for an urban county; underlining this, Lyndon Johnson is the last Democrat to manage even 40 percent of the county's vote.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bonneville County, Idaho
References
External links
County website
Idaho counties
1911 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1911
Idaho Falls metropolitan area counties
Plaza del Emperador Carlos V (Emperor Charles V square) is a square in the city of Madrid. It is named after Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, who also reigned in Spain as Charles I. However, it is referred to as Plaza de Atocha, because it is where Madrid Atocha railway station is located.
Overview
Other important landmarks of the square are the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía and the Ministry of Agriculture Building, as well as a statue of 19th century politician Claudio Moyano. The square, which has a long rectangular shape, has a large roundabout at one of its ends, in the centre of which is one of two fountains in Madrid known as "Fuente de la Alcachofa" (Artichoke fountain) (the other being in the Parque del Retiro).
A number of streets converge at this square, including the Calle de Atocha, Paseo del Prado, Paseo de la Infanta Isabel, Avenida de la Ciudad de Barcelona, Calle de Méndez Álvaro, Paseo de las Delicias, Paseo de Santa María de la Cabeza, and Ronda de Atocha.
Subway station (Metro de Madrid): Atocha (line 1)
See also
The ward of Atocha
External links
Emperador Carlos V
Emperador Carlos V
Boris Danilovich Korolyov (; 1884/85–1963) was a Soviet sculptor-monumentalist, teacher and public figure.
Biography
As an artist Korolyov stood at the origins of the Soviet school of sculpture, its mainstream, but he also was one of the leading figures in the avant-garde movement. In the 1920s he played a prime role in the realization of Lenin's plan of monumental propaganda. In his sculptural works Korolyov combined Realism with elements of Impressionism and Cubism.
Born in Moscow and educated at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture under Sergei Volnukhin, Korolyov was a committed revolutionary, deported twice for his political activity, and a leading figure of avant-garde sculpture in revolutionary Russia.
He was an active participant in the execution of Lenin's Monumental Propaganda Plan of April 1918, which encouraged the destruction of Tsarist monuments and the rapid production of Soviet-themed sculptures and bas-reliefs. However, Korolyov's rapidly produced 1919 concrete statue of Mikhail Bakunin, done in a Cubo-Futurist style and set up in Moscow, proved to be deeply unpopular and was dismantled within weeks.
Despite changing tastes, Korolyov continued working in Cubist style into the 1920s, and became professor of sculpture at the Soviet state art school, Vkhutemas. In 2009 he was the subject of a major retrospective at the Tretyakov Gallery.
Korolyov is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.
Significant works
His work includes:
the granite Fighters of the Revolution in Saratov, completed in 1925, with a cubist base
bronze and granite figure of Nikolay Bauman, Moscow, 1931
a number of statues of Lenin, including a bronze of Lenin in Independence Square of Tashkent, completed in 1936 and replaced in 1991
Gallery
References
External links
Online biography (in Russian)
Bol'shaya sovetskaya entsiklopediia (the Great Soviet encyclopedia) (3d ed., vol. 13). (1973). Moscow.: Izdatel'stvo "Sovetskaya Entsiklopediya".
Grabar. (Ed.). (1957). Istoriya Russkogo Iskusstva (The History of Russian Art) (Vol. XI). Moscow: USSR Academy of Sciences.
Latushkin (1986). Pam'yatnik N.E. Baumanu (Monument to N. Bauman in Moscow). Moscow: Moskovskiy rabochiy.
Fomina, Yakhont (1989). Korolyov, B.D. Iz literaturnogo naslediya. Perepiska. Sovremenniki o skul'ptore (Korolyóv, B.D. Excerpts from archives and published literary works. Correspondence. Contemporaries on the sculptor. Moscow: Sovetskiy khudozhnik.
1885 births
1963 deaths
Vkhutemas faculty
Russian avant-garde
Cubist artists
People's Artists of the USSR (visual arts)
Russian male sculptors
Soviet sculptors
Socialist realist artists
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
20th-century sculptors
Ernest David Jarvis (1888-1964) was a Scottish minister of Wellington Church in Glasgow from 1929 to 1958 who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1954.
Life
He studied divinity at St Andrews University.
He later received honorary doctorates (DD) from both St Andrews and Glasgow University.
He died at Elie in Fife on 21 January 1964 aged 75.
References
1888 births
1964 deaths
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Harveys Island is an island in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Harveys Island most likely bears the name of an early settler.
References
Islands of Georgia (U.S. state)
Landforms of Chatham County, Georgia
Anxiety () is a 1998 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It was screened out of competition at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Portuguese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Afonso Araújo - Boy
Leonor Araújo - Girl
Leonor Baldaque - Fisalina
Fernando Bento - Fisalina's Father
Rita Blanco - Gabi
David Cardoso - Friend
Luís Miguel Cintra - Son
Diogo Dória - Him
Alexandre Melo - Friend
Joao Costa Menezes - Guest
Clara Nogueira - Maid
André Pacheco - Brother 2
Irene Papas - Mother
Marco Pereira - Brother 1
José Pinto - Father
António Reis - Count
Isabel Ruth - Marta
Leonor Silveira - Suzy
Adelaide Teixeira - Stepmother
Ricardo Trêpa - Boyfriend
See also
List of submissions to the 71st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Portuguese submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1998 films
1990s Portuguese-language films
1998 drama films
Films based on works by Agustina Bessa-Luís
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Portuguese drama films
Ambika (Devanagari: अम्बिका, IAST: Ambikā) is generally the name of Adi Shakti, Shakti or Durga, the consort of Sadashiva, the Cosmic Male. She has eight arms, holding multiple weapons. She is also known as Bhagavati or Chandi. She is also considered to be Adi Parashakti herself and Mother of the Universe as well as all beings, which is also the meaning of the name "Ambika". In Skanda Puran, she slayed the demons Shumbha and Nishumbha. She is also identified as Amba, Durga, Bhagavati, Lalitambika, Bhavani, Ambe Maa, Sherawaali, Mata Raani, etc.
Manifestations and aspects of Ambika
In Srimad Devi Bhagavata, Ambika is the lineal progenitor of all other goddesses. She is worshiped as one with many forms and names. Her form or incarnation depends on her mood. For example:
Sati is an aspect of Ambika who is the first wife of Lord Shiva, who immolated herself. She is also known as Dakshayini.
Bhadrakali is one of the fiercest forms of Ambika. She destroyed the yagna of Daksha Prajapati.
Parvati is the complete incarnation of Ambika, also known as Gauri and Uma. She is the wife of Lord Shiva.
Durga is a demon-fighting form of Parvati who killed the demon Durgamasura.
Kali is another ferocious form of Parvati, as the goddess of time and change, with Vedic origins in the deity Nirriti.
Chandi is the epithet of Durga, considered to be the power of Ambika; she is black in color and rides on a lion, slayer of the demon Mahishasura.
Ten Mahavidyas are the ten aspects of Shakti. In tantra, all are important different aspects of Mahakali.
52 Shakti Peethas suggests all goddesses are expansions of the goddess Shakti.
Navadurga, the nine forms of the goddess Durga.
Matrikas, a group of seven mother-goddesses
Meenakshi, the goddess with eyes shaped like a fish.
Kamakshi, goddess of love and devotion.
Lalita, the playful Goddess of the Universe; she is the highest form of the Devi .
Akilandeswari, found in coastal regions of India, is the goddess associated with water.
Annapurna is the representation of all that is complete and of food. She is a form of Shakti
The 64 yoginis are 64 forms or aspects of Goddess Durga.
See also
Goddess Ambika in Jainism Yakshi of the 22nd Jina Arishtaneni, portrayed with children in sculptureAmbika (Jainism)
References
Destroyer goddesses
Hindu goddesses
War goddesses
Shaktism
Frederick Cornelius Wilson (October 3, 1892 – January 18, 1971) was a Canadian professional ice hockey and football player. He played with the Regina Capitals of the Western Canada Hockey League. He was also a member of the 1914 Regina Victorias that captured the Allan Cup as senior amateur champions of Canada.
Wilson was inducted into the Saskatchewan Sports Hall of Fame as a football player in 1974, having played for the Regina Rugby Club and Regina Roughriders.
Statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1892 births
1971 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
People from Northumberland County, Ontario
Regina Capitals players
"Little Garden" (; "My Little Garden") is a song recorded by South Korean singer Taeyeon for the soundtrack of the 2021 drama series Jirisan. It was released as a digital single on November 28, 2021, by AStory and Most Contents, under license by Dreamus.
Background and release
On August 19, 2021, AStory confirmed that Taeyeon would be named in the first lineup to record the soundtrack for the drama series Jirisan. This marked the first time Taeyeon released a soundtrack recording after fifteen months, following "Kiss Me" for Do You Like Brahms? (2020). The song was released on November 28, 2021, its music video was released on November 30, 2021.
Composition
"Little Garden" was described as a ballad led the intro with strings combined with melodic accompaniment of the piano create a dramatic atmosphere, excepting heavy echo and emotion were evoked with Taeyeon's warm and relaxed vocals, while its lyrics written like a fairytale. "Little Garden" was composed in the key of B major, with a tempo of 80 beats per minute.
The song, titled "" (literally "My Little Garden") in Korean and "Little Garden" in English, was written by Lee Joo-hyeong (MonoTree) and produced by Gaemi, who had previously produced the soundtracks for television series such as Descendants of the Sun, Moonlight Drawn by Clouds, When the Camellia Blooms and The World of the Married.
Track listing
Credits
Credits adapted from Melon.
Produced by Gaemi
Lyrics by Lee Joo-hyeong (MonoTree)
Music by Gaemi
Arranged by Lee Joo-hyeong (MonoTree) and jun-p (MonoTree)
Guitar performed by Jukjae
Bass performed by Koo Bon-am
Keyboard performed by jun-p
Strings arranged and conducted by Nile Lee
Strings performed by On the String
Vocal directed by Lee Joo-hyeong
Digital editing by Lee Joo-hyeong
Recorded by Kwon Yu-jin at doobdoob Studio, Oh Seong-geun at T Studio
Mixed by Koo Jong-pil at Klang Studio
Mastered by Kwon Nam-woo at 821 Sound Mastering
Promotion videos by Kang Su-yeon
Cover designed by Baek Seo-young
Executive producer: AStory (에이스토리), MOST CONTENTS (모스트콘텐츠)
Charts
Release history
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Korean-language songs
Love themes
Taeyeon songs
South Korean television drama theme songs
The 2017 Codasur South American Rally Championship is an international rally championship sanctioned by the FIA and run by the Confederacion Deportiva Automovilismo Sudamericana (Codasur). The championship was contested over five events held in five different countries across South America, running from March to November.
The championship was won for the fifth time by Paraguayan driver Gustavo Saba. Saba only won the Rally de San Juan but with three second places that was enough for Saba to defeat Argentine driver Marcos Ligato by less than six points despite winning three rallies. Paraguayan driver Miguel Zaldivar Sr. was third in the championship after winning the final rally of the season in Uruguay.
Event calendar and results
The 2017 Codasur South American Rally Championship was as follows:
Championship standings
The 2017 Codasur South American Rally Championship points were as follows:
References
External links
Codasur South American Rally Championship
Codasur South America
Codasur South American Rally Championship
The Federal Correctional Institution, Mendota (FCI Mendota) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp housing minimum-security male offenders.
FCI Mendota is located in central California, 36 miles west of Fresno.
History
FCI Mendota opened in January 2012 after years of funding delays. The final cost of construction was $235 million. Mendota Mayor Robert Silva was pleased about the new jobs and revenue for local businesses that the prison would provide and encouraged the Bureau of Prisons to hire as many local residents as it could.
Facility and inmate life
FCI Mendota is located on 960 acres and is enclosed with a 12-foot-high razor wire fence. Inside the facility, inmates have access to educational programs where they may work toward their GED certificate and gain vocational training. Prisoners are required to work on a number of duties, ranging from food preparation in the dining hall to maintenance work. A recreation yard has basketball courts, a soccer field and a track.
Inmates sleep in seven- by twelve-foot cells, complete with toilet and sink. They have access to a common area where they can exercise, shower, and watch basic cable television.
Official counts are conducted at 12:05 a.m., 3 a.m., 5 a.m., 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. The 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. counts are known as "standing counts," during which inmates must stop what they are doing and stand up even if they are in bed. An additional standing count is held at 10 a.m. on holidays and weekends.
Notable inmates
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
2012 establishments in California
Buildings and structures in Fresno County, California
Prisons in California
Mendota
Danger Patrol is a 1937 American drama film directed by Lew Landers from a screenplay by Sy Bartlett based on a story by Helen Vreeland and Hilda Vincent. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, it was released on December 3, 1937 and stars Sally Eilers, John Beal, and Harry Carey.
Plot
Dan Loring (John Beal) wants to be a medical student, but does not have the money for it. He takes a job as an apprentice with the Goliath Explosives Corp. transporting nitroglycerin—or as they like to call it, "soup"—to oil fields. He is trained by Sam "Easy" Street (Harry Carey), a veteran nitro handler, and soon promoted to a full-time nitro truck driver. Meanwhile Dan begins to develop a romantic relationship with Sam's daughter, Cathy (Sally Eilers).
Because the explosive is so easily set off, the families of all the "soup handlers" live in fear that they will suddenly die. For years Cathy has been asking her father to leave the job, and he has been replying that he just needs to get some money saved up first, but he spends it too freely for this to ever happen. When Dan asks Cathy to marry him, she refuses to take that step, even though he too promises to quit as soon as he can afford medical school.
One day another driver, John "Gabby" Donovan (Edward Gargan), tells his long-suffering wife Nancy (Lee Patrick) that he has been given $1,000, and a month off, to take a delayed honeymoon with her. But he has one more delivery to make first, and dies in an explosion. Sam has previously favored Cathy and Dan's romance, but reconsiders in view of Nancy's grief and tries to break them up. Cathy then accepts the proposal of a rich suitor, Eric Trumble. As the wedding date approaches, though, she is distressed: her heart still belongs to Dan.
When an oil-well emergency near Tampico, Mexico, requires a shipment of nitro by airplane, Goliath boss "Rocky" Sanders (Frank M. Thomas) offers $1,000 to any employee who will travel with the nitro. Dan quickly volunteers, much to Sam's dismay. When Dan will not be dissuaded, Sam knocks him out with a sucker punch and takes over the job.
As the small plane approaches Tampico, fog closes in on the airport and the pilot cannot see where to land safely. He finally declares the intention to climb so they can parachute out, but Sam will not risk it crashing into the city. He demands the nitro be dropped safely into the sea or else he will set it off then and there. It does not matter anyway: just then the plane runs out of fuel. Sam grabs the radio microphone to leave a final message for Cathy, telling her to reunite with Dan "for me". They hear this themselves, as the transmissions are being monitored in Texas. The plane crashes and explodes, killing Sam and the pilot.
As Dan turns to Cathy to console her, she begs him, "Please don't let anything happen to us"; and he replies, "I won't."
Cast
Sally Eilers as Cathie Street
John Beal as Dan Loring
Harry Carey as Sam "Easy" Street
Frank M. Thomas as Rocky Sanders
Crawford Weaver as Eric Trumble
Lee Patrick as Nancy Donovan
Edward Gargan as Gabby Donovan
Paul Guilfoyle as Tim
Solly Ward as Stale Joke Julius
Ann Hovey as Ada
Richard Lane as Bill
Walter Miller as Smokey Nelson
George Shelley as Tommy Hayes
Jack Arnold as Ed Novak
Herman Brix as Joe
(Cast list as per AFI database.)
Production
In May 1937, two secretaries who worked at 20th Century Fox, Helen Vreeland and Hilda Vincent sold their story entitled Highway to Hell to RKO Radio Pictures. Shortly after, RKO assigned Sy Bartlett to turn the story into a screenplay. In September, Lew Landers was tagged to direct the film, while Maury Cohen was selected to handle the production. In mid-September, it was announced that John Beal and Sally Eilers would join the cast, followed shortly by the addition of Harry Carey, Lee Patrick, Frank Thomas, Ed Gargan, Paul Guilfoyle, and Herman Brix. The picture was filmed during September, and by the 22nd was being edited. At the beginning of October RKO changed the title of the film from Highway to Hell to Danger Patrol. In early November it was announced that RKO would be releasing Danger Patrol on December 3, 1937. The National Legion of Decency gave the film an A-1 grade, rating it suitable for all audiences.
Reception
The Film Daily gave the film a good review, calling it a "neatly done picture with suspense, drama, and excitement." They appreciated the acting of both Beal and Eilers, and also highlighted the supporting performances of Frank Thomas, Ed Gargan and Paul Guilfoyle. They felt the cinematography was good, as was the direction, which they felt maintained a good pace. However, Harrison's Reports did not enjoy the film, saying it was only "moderately entertaining". Unlike The Film Daily, they felt the movie was slowly paced, and had too much dialogue and not enough action.
References
External links
1937 romantic drama films
Films directed by Lew Landers
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
American romantic drama films
1937 films
1930s American films
James Bradshaw (31 May 1793 – 4 March 1847) was a British Tory and later Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Berwick-upon-Tweed from 1835 to 1837 and for Canterbury from 1837 to 1847.
Bradshaw was born 31 May 1793, the son of James Bradshaw and Harriet Fitzhugh. Following his father's death, his mother Harriet became Lady Harriet Peyton when she married Sir Henry Peyton, 2nd Baronet. In 1825, he married the actress Ann Maria Tree, they had one daughter. He died at his home in London on 4 March 1847 after a long and painful illness.
References
External links
1847 deaths
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Tory MPs (pre-1834)
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Place of birth missing
1793 births
Automeccanica was a Greek automobile producing company. Founded in 1979, it was one of the companies that produced the "passenger-utility" type of vehicle popular in Greece at the time for tax categorization reasons. Its creators were former executives of Autokinitoviomihania Ellados (meaning 'Greek Car Industry') a company founded in 1975 to also produce vehicles of this type – it assembled Italian Fissore models based on Fiat products, as well as other Fiat models and variants. Automeccanica followed a different path, building the Zebra model, a passenger-utility car based on the Daihatsu Charade, as well as assembling the Charade itself. In 1985, when the law favoring the Zebra-type vehicles changed, Automeccanica stopped its production (after about 2,000 units had been built) and started licence production of the Soviet Lada Niva model, while it developed its own cabrio-version of the car. In 1988 it acquired its former "father" company, Autokinitoviomihania Ellados and the latter's factory in Thiva. Automeccanica went out of the car-construction business in 1995.
References
L.S. Skartsis, "Encyclopedia of Greek vehicles and aircraft", Achaikes Ekdoseis/Typorama, Patras, Greece (1995)
K. Bitsikokos, "Affordable cars made in Greece", Auto Bild (Hellas), issue 22, Feb 29, 2008
"35 Years 4 Trohoi" (collectible edition of the 4 Trohoi auto magazine), Technical Press, Athens (2004)
External links
Site with car brochures, including early model Automeccanica Daihatsu Zebra
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Greece
1995 disestablishments in Greece
Neil's Puppet Dreams is a web series created by The Jim Henson Company under its Henson Alternative banner and released on The Nerdist Channel. The series stars Neil Patrick Harris who helped to create the series.
Plot
This web series features Neil Patrick Harris who lives with his partner David Burtka. Neil sleeps a lot and has strange dreams featuring puppet characters. Neil opens each episode by directly telling the audience "Hi, I'm Neil. I sleep a lot and when I dream, I dream in puppet." He then promptly falls asleep and has a puppet dream.
Episodes
The Lullabye (November 27, 2012) - Neil has a dream where he is falling through the sky in a dream world and a few puppets show up and sing a song to comfort him which only increases Neil's panic.
Doctor's Office (December 4, 2012) - Neil visits a doctor named Dr. Mayfair (played by Nathan Fillion) to talk to him about the puppet dreams that he has been having lately. Neil falls asleep and dreams that he is visiting a puppet doctor named Dr. Feltman where his unique physiology causes a stir in the puppet medical community.
The Restaurant (December 11, 2012) - Neil grapples with pushy customers and punny puns when he dreams that he is a waiter at a restaurant.
To Catch a Puppeteer (December 18, 2012) - Neil's questionable dream moral gets him into a handful of trouble when Puppet Chris Hansen shows up in Neil's dream called "To Catch a Puppeteer."
Dream Bump (January 8, 2013) - The dreams of Neil and David collide when David's dream consists of dancers, drag performers (played by Willam Belli and Detox Icunt), and an appearance by Joe Manganiello.
Alien Abduction (January 16, 2013) - Neil dreams that he has been abducted by aliens and tries to get them to probe him.
Bollywood (January 22, 2013) - While watching a Bollywood film with David, Neil falls asleep and dreams that he is in a Bollywood musical where he is in love with a cow named Bessie (voiced by Daniele Gaither).
Cast
Neil Patrick Harris - Himself
David Burtka - Himself
Puppeteers
Brian Clark - Rabbit (ep. 1), Winky the Trouser Weasel (ep. 2), Puppet Chris Hansen (ep. 4), Alien (ep. 6)
Nathan Danforth - Beaver (ep. 3), Vulture (ep. 3), Health Inspector Mouse (ep. 3), Turtle (ep. 7)
Brian Henson - Jumper (ep. 1)
Donna Kimball - Doll (ep. 1), Female Nurse (ep. 2), Wife (ep. 3)
Drew Massey - Squirrel (ep. 1), Male Nurse (ep. 2), Caveman Chef (ep. 3), Husband (ep. 3)
Colleen Smith - Rabbit (ep. 1), AbbyCadable2 (ep. 4), Anne (ep. 5), Alien (ep. 6)
Allan Trautman - Rabbit (ep. 1), Dr. Feltman (ep. 2), Monkey (ep. 3), Shelley Oceans as the Drag Queen (ep. 5), Alien (ep. 6)
Victor Yerrid - Goat (ep. 1), Warthog (ep. 2), Old Man (ep. 3), Hot Dog (ep. 3), Alan (ep. 5)
Reception
Awards and nominations
In April 2013, Neil's Puppet Dreams was nominated for a Webby Award in the "Best Comedy: Long Form or Series" category.
External links
Neil's Puppet Dreams on The Nerdist's YouTube channel
American comedy web series
American LGBT-related web series
Nerdist Industries
2012 web series debuts
2013 web series endings
Web series featuring puppetry
YouTube original programming
Dreams in fiction
Karate competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia were held from 3 to 5 December 2021.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Man 's
Woman 's
References
External links
Karate at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games
Karate
Junior Pan American Games
Johannes Dyba (15 September 1929 – 23 July 2000) was a German prelate of the Catholic Church who led the Diocese of Fulda from 1983 until his death. He spent his earlier career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See.
Biography
Johannes Dyba was born in Berlin, Germany, on 15 September 1929. He was ordained a priest on 2 February 1959.
To prepare for a diplomatic career he entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1960.
On 25 August 1979, Pope John Paul II named him a titular archbishop, Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to the Gambia and to Liberia, and Apostolic Delegate to Guinea and to Sierra Leone. He received his episcopal consecration from Cardinal Agostino Casaroli on 13 October 1979.
On 1 June 1983, Pope John Paul named him Bishop of Fulda, allowing him to continue to use the personal title of Archbishop.
On 15 December 1990, Dyba was appointed Military Ordinary of Germany.
Dyba died in Fulda of heart failure on 23 July 2000.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Johannes Dyba
1929 births
2000 deaths
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to the Gambia
Apostolic Nuncios to Guinea
Apostolic Nuncios to Liberia
Apostolic Nuncios to Sierra Leone
Roman Catholic bishops of Fulda
Clergy from Berlin
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century German Roman Catholic priests
Paul-Werner Hoppe (28 February 1910 – 15 July 1974) was an SS-Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant colonel) and was the commandant of Stutthof concentration camp from September 1942 until April 1945.
Hoppe joined the Nazi Party with membership number 1,596,491. He joined the SS in 1933 (membership number: 116,695). In 1936, he married Charlotte Baranowski, the daughter of Hermann Baranowski, a concentration camp commandant.
Hoppe was assigned to the Concentration Camps Inspectorate (Inspektion der Konzentrationslager) under SS-Obergruppenführer Theodor Eicke. He was instrumental in helping Eicke form the Totenkopf Division of the SS in the fall of 1939 and served as Eicke's adjutant. In April 1941, he was given command of an infantry company. In the spring of 1942, he received a serious leg wound in fighting the Red Army near Lake Ilmen in the Demyansk Pocket in Novgorod Oblast, U.S.S.R.
After convalescing, he was assigned to the SS-Totenkopfverbände and sent to Auschwitz as head of a guard detachment in July 1942. He was recommended for the position of camp commandant of Stutthof concentration camp near Danzig by SS-Gruppenführer Richard Glücks, Eicke's successor as Inspector of Concentration Camps. A promotion to SS-Sturmbannführer and Commandant of Stutthof were approved and he arrived at Stutthof in September 1942 to take up his new position.
As the Soviets advanced westward, it was decided by Albert Forster, Gauleiter of Danzig and the SS Higher and Police Leader Fritz Katzmann of military district XX, headquartered in Danzig to evacuate Stutthof. The formal evacuation order "Einsatzbefehl No 3" was signed by Hoppe on 25 January 1945 at 0500. The evacuation began an hour later under the command of SS-Hauptsturmführer Teodor Meyer. The destination of the “death march” was a sub-camp of Stutthof near Lauenburg in Pomerania about 87 miles (140 km) west-southwest of Stutthof.
After the mass evacuation, Hoppe became commandant of Wöbbelin concentration camp, a temporary camp set up to take prisoners evacuated from camps about to be overrun by the Red Army. Wöbbelin was only in existence from 12 February 1945 to 2 May 1945 when it was liberated by the American army.
Hoppe was captured by the British in April 1946 in Holstein. He was sent to Camp 165 in Watten, Scotland in August 1947 until January 1948 when he was sent to an internment camp in Fallingbostel which was in the British zone of occupation in West Germany.
While awaiting extradition to Poland, Hoppe escaped and made his way to Switzerland where he worked as a landscape gardener under a false identity for 3 years before returning to West Germany. He was arrested by the West German authorities on 17 April 1953 in Witten, West Germany.
He was tried and convicted as an accessory to murder in 1955. On 4 June 1957, the district court in Bochum sentenced Hoppe to nine years and he was released in 1966.
References
Segev, Tom. Soldiers of Evil: Commandants of the Nazi Concentration Camps. Domino Press. Jerusalem, Israel.1987
1910 births
1974 deaths
SS-Obersturmbannführer
Stutthof concentration camp personnel
Nazi concentration camp commandants
Military personnel from Berlin
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Waffen-SS personnel
Holocaust perpetrators in Poland
Mykola Ivanovych Pinchuk (, ; born 25 July 1946 in Tikhoretsk) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
Honours
Zorya Luhansk
Soviet Top League winner: 1972.
SC Chernigov
Cup of the Ukrainian SSR winner 1976.
International career
Pinchuk played his only game for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.
References
Profile
1946 births
Living people
People from Tikhoretsk
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Russian emigrants to Ukraine
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC CSKA Kyiv players
Soviet Top League players
Association football defenders
Klaus Johann Jacobs (3 December 1936 – 11 September 2008) was a German-born billionaire in the coffee and chocolate industry, with Swiss citizenship.
Biography
Early life an education
He was born on 3 December 1936 in Bremen, Germany.
Jacobs attended the University of Hamburg and later Stanford University.
Career
He started his career in the global coffee and chocolates industries.
In 1962, he became Director of Purchasing and Marketing for the Jacobs AG coffee business.
In 1972 he became General Manager of the company.
In 1982, the company merged with Interfood to create Jacobs Suchard AG, Europe's number one chocolate and coffee business.
In 1987, Jacobs expanded his business in North America with acquisition of Brach's.
In 1990, when most of the consumer-oriented elements of Jacobs Suchard were sold to Philip Morris, Jacobs created with Brach's and non-consumer businesses of Jacobs Suchard a company which is now known as Barry Callebaut. Barry Callebaut is today the world's largest raw chocolate producer.
In 1991, Jacobs became also involved with the human resource services industry with the acquisition of Adia Personnel Services where he led the company to a Global Fortune 500 Company following the merger with Ecco in 1996 to form Adecco.
Philanthropy
The Jacobs Foundation was established by Klaus J. Jacobs in December, 1988, in Zurich, Switzerland. In 2001, the founder surrendered his entire share of the Jacobs Holding AG to the Jacobs Foundation, with an effective value of CHF 1.5 billion (31.12.08 CHF 2.3 billion). The Jacobs Foundation's goal is to contribute to Productive Youth Development by bringing together basic research, application and intervention projects and through dialogue and network building. The Jacobs Foundation supports research and projects worldwide. Klaus J. Jacobs donated EUR 200 million to the Jacobs University Bremen in 2006.
Death
He died on 11 September 2008 in Küsnacht, Switzerland.
Memberships
World Scout Foundation
President of the Friends of the Hohe Tauern National Park from 1996-1998
Board of Directors of the Zurich Opera House since 2003
Board of the Association of the Friends of Bayreuth
Decorations and awards
2005: Honorary doctor of the Faculty of Psychology of the University of Basel
2005: Education Award of the College of Education Zurich for educational and youth projects
16 April 2008: Bremen Gold Medal of Honour for services rendered to the benefit of the city of Bremen
2008: Leibniz Medal of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences for his contributions to the advancement of science
1999: Silver World Award of the Boy Scouts of America
2005-2008: Bronze Wolf Award of the World Scout Committee
1991: Grand Gold Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria
2000: Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class
Klaus J. Jacobs Awards
The Klaus J. Jacobs Research Award honours outstanding achievement in child and youth development and the Klaus J. Jacobs Best Practice Award for positive development of children and youth are awarded annually in memory of Jacobs. The first award ceremony took place on 3 December 2009. The awards are given by the Jacobs Foundation of Zurich.
Background
The prizes are given to honour outstanding achievements in research and practice that make a significant contribution to young people's success in life and development.
The Klaus J. Jacobs Research Award
The Klaus J. Jacobs Research Award recognises academic research of significant social relevance for child and youth development. Additionally, research findings from the interdisciplinary projects thus honoured should be suited to active practical implementation. The prize money for the award comes to one million Swiss Francs, which can be used for an academic project chosen by the recipient.
The award winner is chosen by a jury of internationally respected researchers: Albert Bandura (Stanford University, USA), Monique Boekaerts (Leiden University, the Netherlands), Jeanne Brooks-Gunn (Columbia University, USA), Anne C. Petersen Michigan University, USA), Meinrad Paul Perrez (Université de Fribourg, Switzerland), Rainer K. Silbereisen (Friedrich Schiller Universität Jena, Germany) and William Julius Wilson (Harvard University, USA).
The Klaus J. Jacobs Best Practice Award
The Klaus J. Jacobs Best Practice Award is given for exceptional engagement by an institution or individual whose practical work makes real use of innovative ideas for the positive development of children and youth. The prize money amounts to 200,000 Swiss Francs which can be used for a project chosen by the recipient.
The award winner of the Best Practice Award is chosen by the board of the Jacobs Foundation.
References
External links
Jacobs Foundation
1936 births
2008 deaths
Businesspeople from Bremen
University of Hamburg alumni
Businesspeople in the drink industry
Stanford University alumni
Swiss chocolatiers
Swiss billionaires
German expatriates in Switzerland
Businesspeople in coffee
Deaths from cancer in Switzerland
Recipients of the Bronze Wolf Award
Recipients of the Grand Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria
Recipients of the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class
Paul "Jayso" Nuamah Donkor (born June 1, 1983) is a Ghanaian rapper, record producer, singer, songwriter and entrepreneur. After 10 years in the music industry as a rapper and producer, Jayso gained more attention following his work on Sarkodie's second single, Borga, which featured on his debut album, Maakye. Jayso produced over 70 percent of the songs on that album which also shot him into the limelight.
Early life
During Jayso's teenage years at Presbyterian Boys' Senior High School (PRESEC-Legon) he formed Skillions, a critically acclaimed hip hop musical collective whose works not only served as the foundation and springboard for young artists to venture into hip hop, but also introduced locally brewed hip hop to the larger Ghanaian music community. Prior to this, Jayso joined another rapper producer JPE (now Kobi Onyame) with his friends Canz and Mr. Scratch to form the Haatsville Project. This resulted in the release of the Haatsville Project mixtape, which got a lot of people talking about it within the underground hip hop circuits of Ghana.
His current production credits include Sarkodie, M.anifest, Sway, Scientific, Kwaw Kese, Jon Germain, Efya, Rumor and Nigerian MCs Naeto C and Ikechukwu and Gabonese artiste Baponga. On December 10, 2015, he released his debut album titled 'Making Tasha Proud' after over half a decade producing for others.
Early Career/ Music career
Jayso's relationship with music began during his childhood years. During Jayso's High School days at (Presec-Legon) he began to hone his skills first as a rapper and music producer. Prior to joining Haatsville, Jayso was rhyming with his pal T-Kube, who left Ghana for the UK in 2002 while in high school. He, together with JPE (now Kobi Onyame), Canz and Mr. Scratch (the Haatsville crew) put out the Haatsville Project tape. The tape received acclaim among hip hop lovers who were mostly the youth.
Having built on his production knowledge courtesy of his association with Haatsville, Jayso started recruiting what eventually became the first hip hop group Skillions (Skills in a Million). Enlisting Ball J, Jinx Therapy (now Frank P) as the original members of the Skillions, the likes of EL, Midnight, J-Town, KP and Sandyswiz joined the Skillions family.
Under the production supervision of Jayso (who could be described as the Ghanaian version of America's RZA of Skillions) the group released their ground-breaking 21 track debuts 'Skillions Demotapes" mixtape in 2002. The recording of the mixtape happened entirely within the makeshift bedroom studio of Jayso. That tape gained a lot of success that led to the whole GH-Rap Movement. The success of the mix tape was largely due to the production works and the style of music; they rapped mostly in English interspersed with pidgin (a Ghanaian version of broken English and local dialects) – which appealed to a large section of the youth. This eventually cemented Skillions' credentials as one of the talented rap groups of their time in Ghana. Even following the disbandment of the group, each Skillionaire is out making a name for himself within the music and arts scene. The breakup of the Skillions allowed them to pursue solo projects and led to Jayso forming another generation of Skillions. The New Generation comprised Lil Shaker, Rumour, Kevin Beats, Graffik, Killmatic, Paapa Versa, Padlock, Sandra, Gemini, Nobel and Joey B. The New Generation under the supervision of Jayso released 'The Skillions New Generation Mixtape' with hit songs such as 'Hood', 'Alert', 'Facebook Girl and Boy", 'I No Dey Biz' under his Skillion Records Imprint.
Jayso has worked with almost every notable artiste within the music sphere in Ghana since 1999. Outside of Ghana, he has worked for one of hip hop legends Wyclef Jean and UK's Sway. Locally, he has produced works for the like of Sarkodie, M.anifest, R2Bees, Efya, Kwaw Kese, Afro Rock Band Dark Suburb, VIP, Reggie Rockstone, ASEM among others.
Discography
Albums
Making Tasha Proud (2016)
0106 Vol 4 (2019)
0106 Vols 5 (2020)
EPs
0106 Vols 1 (2016)
0106 Vols 2 (2017)
0106 Vols 3 (2018)
0106 Vols 6 (2021)
Collaborative albums
T.M.G (with Sarkodie) (2013)
References
1983 births
Living people
Ghanaian businesspeople
Ghanaian record producers
Ghanaian rappers
21st-century Ghanaian male singers
21st-century Ghanaian singers
Ghanaian male singer-songwriters
Presbyterian Boys' Senior High School alumni
Movement (stylised as MOVEMENT) are an Australian minimal soul trio, blending R&B and ambient music. They consist of Lewis Wade on vocals and keyboards, and Jesse James Ward on bass guitar, synthesisers and vocals. Their self-titled debut extended play was released in May 2014 via Modular Recordings.
History
Movement were formed in Sydney in 2011. Their music is described as "minimal soul," as well as "psychedelic" and "body music." The songs have elements of R&B, ambient, soul and pop music.
They were signed to Modular Recordings in May 2013 ahead of the label issuing their debut single, "Feel Real". Their second single, "Us", was named a Best New Track on Pitchfork in September, as was the third single, "Like Lust", in March 2014. That single reached No. 16 on the ARIA Hitseekers Singles Chart. The music video for a fourth single, "Ivory" (April), was directed by Fleur & Manu.
Movement's debut self-titled four-track EP was released on 6 May 2014 via Modular Recordings, with additional production and mixing from Illangelo. Ryan Burleson of Paste described how, "[their] songs interact with the body more than the mind, though in the right settings—driving in the desert at sunset, say, or getting high at night on the beach—they're ripe for meditation. Otherwise the goal here seems fairly obvious: To generate a soundtrack for the bedroom, the moments leading up to the bedroom, and the moments just beyond... the trio hits all its marks, and listeners would border on robotic not to feel at least a slight bit of provocation in these songs."
Movement toured Australia in May 2014 and then Europe and the United States in mid-year. They have opened for various artist including Banks on her North American tour in August 2014, Darkside on their tour of Australia, and for Solange. According to AllMusic's Paul Simpson, "[their] sound combined seductive, R&B-inspired vocals with downtempo dance beats and dark atmospheres."
MTVs Lisa Hamilton caught their gig in September 2014 at Newtown Social Club, "These are bedroom tracks for Millenials; between the sheets of a digital age where lust is clicked, licked and fleeting... The pulses beat the tempo of a new hook up; the Movement sounds takes strokes of James Blake-esque tones and melds them with dance tracks that whisper of chaste sensuality. The timbre of vocalist Lewis Wade's whiskey-honey vocals grated over the synth so sensually in 'Us' and teased us into 'coming over when it feels like lust'."
They performed at the 2014 Pitchfork Music Festival Paris in November and the 2015 Primavera Festival in Spain in May.
Members
Jesse James Ward – bass guitar, synthesisers, vocals (2011–present)
Lewis Wade – vocals, keyboards (2012–present)
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
"Feel Real" (July 2012) – Modular Recordings
"Us" (19 September 2013) – Modular Recordings
"Like Lust" (3 March 2014) – Modular Recordings AUS Hitseekers: No. 16
"Ivory" (30 April 2014) – Modular Recordings
"Ivory" (16 September 2016) – Modular Recordings (Reworked version)
References
External links
archived from the original on 24 March 2016. Accessed on 6 August 2018. Warning: original site has been subverted for advertising of unrelated material.
2011 establishments in Australia
Australian electronic music groups
Australian soul musical groups
Modular Recordings artists
Musical groups established in 2011
Musical groups from Sydney
WHYC (88.5 FM) is a Public Radio East Classical radio station licensed to serve the community of Swan Quarter, North Carolina. The station is licensed to the Hyde County Board of Education with station programming originating from Public Radio East.
History
On February 7, 1980, the Hyde County Board of Education filed to build a radio station at the Mattamuskeet School in Swan Quarter. The station was approved by the Federal Communications Commission in October 1980 and licensed in 1981.
The FCC's records indicated that WHYC had been silent beginning on September 5, 2006, in large part because WHYC's operation impaired analog television reception, resulting in the FCC moving to cancel the license in 2010. The Hyde County school board countered, claiming that WHYC had never actually gone off the air; it resumed operating under special temporary authority in May 2010. In April 2016, the FCC ordered WHYC's license renewed for a short two-year term and found the Hyde County Board of Education liable for an $18,000 fine for a series of violations including failure to maintain its public inspection file or file biennial ownership reports, in addition to the lengthy silence. The school board and FCC reached a deal to reduce the fine to $2,250, contingent on the implementation of a compliance plan.
After the station was off the air for some time in early 2022, WHYC had resumed station operations with a Public Radio East Classical format, with legal identifications at the top of the hour stating WHYC 88.5 as one of its radio stations. It is unknown exactly when this change had taken place.
References
External links
HYC
High school radio stations in the United States
Jindeng Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Xingcheng Town of Changzhi, Shanxi, China. It was built in the steep precipices and cliffs in Beiquan Village, to the northeast of Pingshun County. The temple is renowned for its grottoes, rock and statues of Buddha.
History
The original temple dates back to the 6th century, in the Northern Qi (550–577). At that time, it initially called "Baoyan Temple" ().
In the temple there are 14 Buddhist niches, 37 Buddhist shrines, and over 500 statues of Buddha carved from 1504 to 1565.
In June 2006, it was listed among the sixth group of "Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanxi" by the State Council of China.
Architecture
The entire complex are all built on cliffs which are over from the ground. The existing main buildings include the Hall of Water and Land (), Hall of Grand Buddha (), Hall of Lord Guan (), Pavilion of Juxian (), and Pavilion of Ksitigarbha.
Gallery
References
Buddhist temples in Shanxi
Buildings and structures in Changzhi
Tourist attractions in Changzhi
Jean Victor Edmond Paul Marie Bony (born in Le Mans, France, 1 November 1908 – died in Brisbane, Australia, 7 July 1995) was a French medieval architectural historian specialising in Gothic architecture. He was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge from 1958 to 1961, Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, and Professor of Art at the University of California at Berkeley, from 1962 to 1980.
Early life and education
His parents were Henri Bony and Marie Normand Bony. He attended the Lycée Louis-le-Grand, Paris, before going to the University of the Sorbonne, in 1929, where he studied under Henri Focillon, receiving his first degree in History and Geography in 1933. In 1935 he changed his focus to art history under Focillon's influence, and received a two-year fellowship from the Sorbonne to carry out research. He began to travel throughout Europe, in particular in England, in order to write his doctoral thesis on the role of Norman architecture on gothic architecture. He found favourable ground for his research and spent all of his career in English-speaking countries.
Professional work
Bony taught French as an Assistant Master at Eton College from 1937 to 1939. On the outbreak of the Second World War he returned to France and served in the French Army; he was captured, and spent from 1940 to 1943 in prisoner-of-war camps, where he continued his interest in medieval architecture, writing articles, compiling notes, making detailed drawings, and giving educational talks to his fellow-prisoners. He left the French Army as a first lieutenant in 1944. Returning to the UK after the war, he taught briefly at Eton again (1945 to 1946), then became a Reader at the French Institute in London (1946-1961). In parallel with this he was a Visiting Lecturer (1948-1958) and external examiner (1950-1958) at the Courtauld Institute of Art, University of London. With George Zarnecki of the Courtauld he began a project in around 1960 to compile an exhaustive inventory of Romanesque sculpture in the British Isles, which Zarnecki eventually completed after Bony's death. No doubt through Zarnecki's influence, Bony contributed photographs to the Courtauld Institute's Conway Library, an extensive archive of architectural images currently undergoing a digitisation process. Bony has had a great influence on medieval scholarship within The Courtauld Institute, well beyond his time spent there, and still evident in the work of recent and current Courtauld scholars.
He was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge from 1958 to 1961). In the USA he was Focillon Fellow and visiting Lecturer at Yale University in 1949, and in 1962 he obtained a chair in the History of Art at the University of California at Berkeley, spending a great deal of his time building the department's collection of slides and photographs. He retired from Berkeley in 1980.
In France he lectured briefly in the History of Art at the University of Lille (1961-1962), and in 1978 he was Visiting Fellow at the Humanities Research Centre of the Australian National University in Canberra.
After his retirement he held the following positions:
1982: Kress Professorship at the Center for Advanced Study in the Visual Arts at the National Gallery of Art
1983: Visiting Mellon Professor at the University of Pittsburgh
1984-1987: Meadows Professor at Southern Methodist University
1988: Getty Lecturer at the University of Southern California
A member of the formalist tradition, Bony was the first historian to rigorously describe the structure of the “thick hollow wall”, the starting point of a general history of the constitution of the Gothic style in architecture where Norman works play a key role.
Awards and recognitions
Honorary MA from Cambridge in 1958
Elected a Fellow of St John's College
Guggenheim Fellowship in 1981
Winner of the Haskins Gold Medal of the Medieval Academy of America, linked to the publication of his book, The English Decorated Style (1979)
Awarded the gold medal of the Commonwealth Club of San Francisco in 1984, linked to the publication of his book French Gothic Architecture of the 12th and 13th Centuries (1983)
Elected Honorary Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy
Vice-President of the Royal Archaeological Institute (Great Britain), 1955-1961
Received a Distinguished Teaching Award in 1975
First recipient of the Constantine Panunzio Distinguished Emeriti Award of the University of California in 1983
Memberships
Bony was a member of the following professional societies:
Société Française d'Archéologie
Société Nationale des Antiquaires de France
British Archaeological Association
College Art Association
Society of Architectural Historians
Selected publications
La technique normande du mur épais à l'époque romane, Paris: Société Française d'Archéologie, 1939.
Notre-Dame de Mantes, Paris: Editions du Cerf, 1947.
French influences on the origins of English Gothic architecture, Worcester, London: Trinity Press, 1949.
French Cathedrals (with Martin Hurlimann and Peter Meyer), London: Thames and Hudson, 1951.
(Edited and with an Introduction by Jean Bony), Henri Focillon, The Art of the West in the Middle Ages, Volumes 1 and 2, London: Phaidon Press, 1963.
The English decorated style: Gothic architecture transformed, 1250-1350. Oxford: Phaidon Press, 1979.
French Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries. University of California Press, Berkeley, 1983.
Family
Bony married Clotilde Roure in 1936, and they had a daughter, Claire. Clotilde died in 1942. He married Elizabeth Mary England, an Australian, in Kensington, SW London, in 1953.
References
1908 births
1995 deaths
People from Le Mans
French art historians
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
French Army officers
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
French architectural historians
Sorbonne University
People associated with the Courtauld Institute of Art
Slade Professors of Fine Art (University of Cambridge)
Eton College
Institut Français
Yale University faculty
Australian National University faculty
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Rain were an alternative rock band from Liverpool, England, who had a minor hit in 1991 with "Lemonstone Desired".
History
The band was formed at the Merseyside Trade Union Community and Unemployed Resource Centre in Huyton, Liverpool, in 1988 with a line-up of Ned Murphy (vocals, guitar), Colin Clarke (vocals, guitar), Martyn Campbell (bass guitar, vocals), and Tony McGuigan (drums). They were signed by Columbia Records in late 1989, and began recording with Nick Lowe producing. Unhappy with the results, they did not release any material until their 1991 debut single "Lemonstone Desired", which reached number 95 in the UK Singles Chart, and was the source of some controversy due to the photograph of a naked woman on the sleeve. The band recorded a session for Mark Goodier's BBC Radio 1 show in March that year. This was followed by debut album A Taste of Rain, drawing comparisons with Cream, R.E.M., and the Byrds, and a single featuring the title track from the album. The album was followed by a reissued "Lemonstone Desired", which proved to be the band's final release while together, although they shared a posthumous split album with The Real People in 1996, featuring tracks mainly taken from their album.
Discography
Albums
A Taste of Rain (1991), Columbia
Liverpool: Calm Before the Storm (1996), Columbia - split with The Real People
Ten Belters and a Slow One (2016)
Singles
"Lemonstone Desired" (1991), Columbia - UK #95
"A Taste of Rain" (1991), Columbia
"Lemonstone Desired" (1991), Columbia - reissue
References
English rock music groups
Azteca christopherseni is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Forel in 1912, the species is endemic to Panama.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of North America
Insects described in 1912
Woolong may refer to:
Wulong District, a district of Chongqing Municipality, China
Woolong, a fictional currency used in science fiction anime television series Cowboy Bebop, Space Dandy and Carole & Tuesday
See also
Wolong (disambiguation)
Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia
Chaetodon hoefleri, the four-banded butterflyfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a butterflyfish from the family Chaetodontidae. It is native to the tropical eastern Atlantic and has been recorded in the Mediterranean.
Description
Chaetodon hoefleri has an rounded body shape with a short snout and rounded median fins. The head and body are largely yellowish in colour with copper tints. The body is marked with four vertical bars, the first bar is blackish and starts to the front of the first dorsal fin spine runs across the eye to the lower part of the back of the head. The second is dark brown in colour and starts between the third to fifth dorsal fin spines across the rear angle of the bill cover and base of the pectoral fins to the pelvic fins. The third bar is darker brown and runs from the last dorsal fin spines down towards the base of the anal fin at a slightly oblique angle, with an obvious black spot in its uppermost part. The fourth bar is darker than the others and could be described as blackish runs over the caudal peduncle. A black stripe runs between the eyes to the end of the short snout. The remainder of the upper part of head and the snout is orang. Every scale on the body has an orange horizontal stripe. The median fin spines and rays and the pelvic fin rays are yellowish to orange in colour. The soft rayed parts of the dorsal and anal fins usually have a white stripe on the inside of this. The pectoral fins are hyaline as is the caudal fin but this is an orange crescent shaped crossbar in its centre. The dorsal fin contains 11 spines and 21-24 soft rays while the anal fin has 3 spines and 16-17 soft rays. This species attains a maximum total length of , although is more common.
Distribution
Chaetodon hoefleri occurs in the tropical eastern Atlantic Ocean from Cap Blanc and Levrier Bay in Mauritania) south as far as the mouth of the Congo. It is also occurring around the Canary Islands. There have been a number of records in the western Mediterranean Sea.
Habitat and biology
Chaetodon hoefleri is a coastal species which has a preference for hard or rocky substrates. However, it has also been caught by trawlers over sand or mud substrates. It is a solitary fish, although it is often encountered in pairs as adults, although juveniles may be more gregarious when. They feed on benthic invertebrates. This is an oviparous species which forms pairs when breeding. It is found at depths of .
Taxonomy and etymology
Chaetodon hoefleri was first formally described in 1881 by the Austrian ichthyologist Franz Steindachner (1834-1913) with its type locality given as Gorée in Senegal. The specific name honours the Steindachner's “dear friend” W. Höfler, who provided the type and who was supplied him with fish specimens from Africa.
Utilisation
Chaetodon hoefleri is rare in the aquarium trade.
References
four-banded butterflyfish
Fish of the East Atlantic
Marine fauna of West Africa
four-banded butterflyfish
The National Union of Baptist Churches (Union Nacional de Iglesias Bautistas de Costa Rica) is a Baptist denominational group in the country of Costa Rica.
The National Union of Baptist Churches was formed in 1981, when churches withdrew from the Baptist Convention of Costa Rica to continue cooperation with the Southern Baptist Convention.
In 1995, the National Union had 17 churches with 1040 members.
Christian organizations established in 1981
Baptist denominations in North America
Baptist denominations established in the 20th century
Baptist organizations
Pleasant Grove is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Grove Township, Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States, near Rochester and Stewartville. The community is located along Olmsted County Road 1 near County Road 140.
History
Pleasant Grove was platted in 1854, and named for a grove of oak trees near the original town site. A post office was established at Pleasant Grove in 1854, and remained in operation until 1905.
Notable person
Augustus Barrows (1838–1885), lumberman and legislator
References
Former municipalities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Olmsted County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Briartite is an opaque iron-grey metallic sulfide mineral, Cu2(Zn,Fe)GeS4 with traces of Ga and Sn, found as inclusions in other germanium-gallium-bearing sulfides.
It was discovered at the Prince Léopold Mine, Kipushi, Shaba, Congo (Léopoldville) in 1965 by Francotte and others, and named for Gaston Briart who had studied formations at Kipushi.
Briartite is also found in Namibia, Greece, and Spain.
See also
List of minerals
List of minerals named after people
References
Copper minerals
Zinc minerals
Iron(II) minerals
Germanium minerals
Sulfide minerals
Tetragonal minerals
Minerals in space group 121
Minerals described in 1965
Primitiva (LRP-3087/LST-7023) was the fourth album by Martin Denny. Released in August 1958, it was recorded at Liberty Studios in Hollywood and released on Liberty Records. In October 1958, it reached No. 27 on the national Cashbox chart.
In a review on AllMusic.com, Richie Unterberger gave the album four stars and praised it for the variety of instruments used: "Say what you will about the cheesiness of this pseudo-world music, Denny deserves some sort of credit for bringing instruments like the m'bira, Burmese gongs, koto, Buddhist prayer bowls, and 'primitive log from New Guinea' into the mainstream."
Upon the album's release, Austin Faricy wrote in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin: "It is no more primitive than a Salvador Dalí painting, but it is persuasive, and we warrant that if you play it in the privacy of your boudoir, you will find yourself dancing your own secret idea of the exotic."
Track listing
Side A
1. "Burma Train" (Martin Denny, Hal Johnson) – 2:59
2. "Kalua" (Ken Darby) – 2:35
3. "M'Gambo Mambo" (Jerry D. Williams) – 2:05
4. "Buddhist Bells" (Martin Denny, Hal Johnson) – 3:00
5. "M'Bira" (Martin Denny) – 2:50
6. "Flamingo" (Edmund Anderson, Ted Grouya) – 2:40
Side B
1. "Llama Serenade (Peruvian Llama Song)" (Charles Wolcott) – 2:15
2. "Akaka Falls" (Helen Parker) – 2:50
3. "Bangkok Cockfight" (Les Baxter) – 2:15
4. "Dites Moi" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) – 2:37
5. "Jamaica Farewell" (Lord Burgess) – 2:15
Personnel
Musicians and singers
Martin Denny – piano, celeste, arranger, composer
Augie Colon – bongos, congas, percussion, bird calls
Julius Wechter – vibes, marimbas, percussion
Harvey Ragsdale – string bass, marimbula
Roy Hart - percussion
Tak Shindo - koto
Jerry Williams - mallets, percussion
Other contributors
Si Waronker – producer
Garrett-Howard – cover design
Ted Keep – engineer
Sandy Warner – cover model, "the Exotica girl"
Les Baxter – liner notes
Further reading
Primitiva at Ambient Exotica
References
1958 albums
Exotica
Martin Denny albums
Liberty Records albums
Albums arranged by Martin Denny
Alec Lorimore (born 1948) is a second Academy Award-nominated film producer and screenwriter who has concentrated his focus in creating giant screen, IMAX documentary films. He is credited as one of the three producers of 1998 IMAX film Everest, which had generated over $140 million in worldwide box office, making it the highest grossing IMAX documentary film ().
He was first nominated (with Greg MacGillivay) for an Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) in 1995 for The Living Sea, and the two men were subsequently nominated for Dolphins in the same Academy category in 2000. Other films include The Magic of Flight (Producer) and At Sea (Writer, Producer), for which he received the Alfred Thayer Mahan Award for Literary Achievement from the Navy League of the United States.
From 1993 to 2005, he was Vice President of Production & Development at MacGillivray Freeman Films, a production and distribution entity in the giant screen, 70 mm film industry.
Previous to his involvement in the Imax industry he worked for over ten years as a screenwriter, and wrote a number of feature film scripts which were either purchased or commissioned by the major studios, including Warner Brothers, Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and Paramount Pictures, and worked with such producers as Jerry Bruckheimer, Jonathan Taplin, Ray Stark, and Steve Tisch.
He has served on the Informal Science Review Panel of the National Science Foundation (NSF), which determines which media projects receive NSF grants, as well as on the Board of Directors of the Environmental Media Association (EMA), creators of the Green Seal program for environmentally sustainable motion picture and television production practices.
He has been a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences since 1995, and served for over 15 years on the Executive Committee of the Academy's Documentary Branch.
He received a B.A. in Cinema from the University of Southern California in 1971.
Filmography
Behold Hawaii (1982): writer
Dance of Life (1982): writer
Homeland (1990): writer, producer
At Sea (1992): writer, producer
The Magic of Flight (1996): producer
Everest (1998): producer
Adventures in Wild California (2000): producer
Dolphins (2000): producer
Journey into Amazing Caves (2001): producer
Coral Reef Adventure (2003): producer
Top Speed (2003): producer
Greece: Secrets of the Past (2006): producer
External links
1948 births
Living people
American film directors
American film producers
American male screenwriters
American documentary filmmakers
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
Eduard Sauer (1899 – 1 January 1975) was a German painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1899 births
1975 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Nuremberg
The Men's Team Pursuit was one of the 10 men's events at the 2007 UCI Track World Championships, held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain on March 30, 2007.
49 cyclists from 12 countries participated in the contest. After the qualification, the fastest two teams advanced to the final and the 3rd and 4th fastest raced for the bronze medal.
The qualification took place on March 30 at 10:00 and the Finals on the same day at 20:15.
World record
Qualifying
Finals
References
Men's team pursuit
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's team pursuit
Ratko Svilar (Serbian Cyrillic: Ратко Свилар; born 6 May 1950) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Having played for Antwerp for nearly 20 years, he also coached the Belgian club on several occasions.
Club career
Born in Crvenka, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Svilar joined Royal Antwerp F.C. in November 1980 from FK Vojvodina – he started his career with lowly hometown club FK Crvenka – and proceeded to endure a 16-year spell with the Belgian side, alternating between the posts and the bench; in the 1991–92 season, he contributed with 12 league appearances to help his team finish in fifth position, winning the Belgian Cup – his only piece of silverware – in the process.
Svilar retired from professional play aged 46, going on to have several coaching spells with his last and most important club.
International career
Svilar represented Yugoslavia for seven years, and was a participant at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He won his first cap on 25 September 1976, starting in a 0–3 away friendly loss to Italy.
Personal life
Svilar's son, Mile, is also a goalkeeper.
See also
List of association football families
References
External links
Royal Antwerp profile
NASL Jerseys profile
1950 births
Living people
Yugoslav footballers
Serbian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Yugoslav First League players
FK Vojvodina players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Rochester Lancers (1967–1980) players
Belgian First Division A players
Royal Antwerp F.C. players
Yugoslavia international footballers
1982 FIFA World Cup players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Yugoslav expatriates in Belgium
Serbian expatriates in Belgium
Serbian football managers
Royal Antwerp F.C. managers
Serbian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Belgium
FK Crvenka players
Aimée Classen is an American ecologist who studies the impact of global changes on a diverse array of terrestrial ecosystems. Her work is notable for its span across ecological scales and concepts, and the diversity of terrestrial ecosystems that it encompasses, including forests, meadows, bogs, and tropics in temperate and boreal climates.
She is currently the director of the University of Michigan's Biological Station (UMBS), a student and faculty research organization at the university devoted to studying various types of environmental change.
Classen is editor-in-chief of the Ecological Society of America (ESA) journal Ecological Monographs.
Education
Classen attended Smith College, in Massachusetts, where she completed her bachelor's degree in biology in 1995. She then went on to graduate studies at Northern Arizona University, where she obtained her PhD in biology in 2004. Afterwards, in 2005 she completed her postdoctorate fellowship at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee and continued there as a staff scientist until 2008.
Career
Classen began her first teaching position as an assistant professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville. In 2015, she became an adjunct associate professor at the university. During this period, she began to hold multiple positions at a time. From 2014 to 2018, she served as an associated professor at the Natural History Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen. During that same time, she became a faculty member in the Center of Macroecology at the University of Copenhagen in 2014 and an adjunct professor at the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand in 2016, positions which she continues to hold today. Finally, from 2018 to 2020, Classen served four simultaneous roles at the University of Vermont: professor for the Rubenstein School at the University of Vermont, director for the George D. Aiken Forestry Sciences Laboratory, fellow of the Gund Institute for Environment, and adjunct professor for the Department of Biology.
Classen's most recent appointments are as professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Michigan and director of the University of Michigan Biological Station. She was appointed to the directorship in the summer of 2020.
Research
Classen studies diverse ecosystems worldwide to predict how climate change will alter ecosystems including forests, meadows, and bogs in the tropical zone and boreal and temperate climates.
She also studies organisms in soil and the effects of biodiversity underground on ecosystems. Her research on soil microbes is important to understanding mechanisms such as carbon storage and the impact of climate change.
Classen participated in a second phase of the "Warming Meadows" project. Warming Meadows was started by John Harte. From 1991-2019, Harte heated target plots of soil at the Rocky Mountain Biological Laboratory to simulate the effects of increased temperature due to global warming. Heated and unheated plots were matched to control for differences other than temperature. Heat dried the surface soil, nearly reversing the populations of woody shrubs like sagebrush and forbs (broad-leafed herbaceous plants) by year 27 of the project. This also changed the albedo of the area: with woody shrubs absorbing almost double the energy of wildflowers, In a second phrase of the project, scientists including Classen gathered samples from the plants and soil, to examine the effects of those decades of rising temperatures on species below ground.
By monitoring 60 different sites in the Tibetan Plateau she has been able to study biodiversity in alpine grassland under varying climate conditions involving temperature, rainfall, and soil acidity. This is enabling scientists to better understand ecosystems in terms of multiple functions which they provide, how those functions are controlled and how they may be effected by climate change.
Classen was a principal investigator (PI) for WaRM, a project measuring the impact of direct and indirect effects of warming on mountain landscapes in 10 nations and 5 continents. In research reported in Nature (2017) she and her colleagues used changes in elevation as a surrogate for changes in temperature. Examining nutrient cycles at different elevations, they were able to predict that changes in temperature are likely to cause imbalances between nitrogen and phosphorus cycles at high elevation treelines and disrupt montane ecosystems.
In 2020, Classen and Appala Raju Badireddy received a Gund Institute Catalyst Award to develop low-cost, flexible sensors to better study biogeochemical responses such as changes in soil nutrients like nitrogen in extreme environments.
In addition to soil, Classen has studied the relationships between large animals, parasites and ecosystems. A study focused on the relationship between infectious diseases in ruminants and methane release, reporting that sick animals produced more methane. Classen described the interaction between climate's effects on disease and disease's impact on climate as a "vicious cycle".
As part of an interdisciplinary partnership between The Living Earth Collaborative
at Washington University in St. Louis, the Missouri Botanical Garden and the Saint Louis Zoo, Classen has helped to model the impact of herbivore parasites on the broader ecosystems of which they are a part. Researchers found that non-lethal parasites reduced the feeding rates of caribou, reindeer, and other herbivores, which in turn decreased their impact on plants and lichens and available biomass. The research is an example of how frequently overlooked factors in an ecosystem can have significant ecological consequences.
In 2020, Classen was recognized by the Ecological Society of America (ESA) for: “creative leadership and vision for international research collaborations using mountain ecosystems as models for climate change research… and for stellar research contributions to the ecology of global environmental change, including how soil microbial diversity shapes ecosystems, and environmental controls on soil nutrient cycling and carbon storage.”
Honors and awards
1991–1993. NCAA All-American in swimming
1995. Sigma Xi
1995. Smith College Brown Botany Prize
2002. Best paper, Soil Science Society of America S-7
2002–2003. Merriam-Powell Center for Environmental Research Graduate from Fellow
2006. US Department of Energy Outstanding Mentor Award
2007. Promising young scholar, The US National Academy of Sciences Frontiers in Science
2007. Kavli Foundation Science Fellow
2007. Best paper, Soil Science Society of America S-7
2012. UT College of Arts and Sciences Research and Creative Achievement Award
2012. Pi Beta Phi teaching award
2014. Promising young scholar, The US National Academy of Sciences, Frontiers in Science
2015. Association for Women Soil Scientists Mentoring Award - to recognize individuals (male or female) who have made significant contributions to the education, professional growth, & achievement of females in soil science
2020, Fellow, Ecological Society of America (ESA)
2020, Gund Institute Catalyst Award
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Smith College alumni
Northern Arizona University alumni
University of Michigan people
University of Tennessee faculty
American ecologists
Ecology journal editors
Women ecologists
Climatologists
Soil scientists
Biodiversity
Climate change and the environment
Climate change and agriculture
Reconstructor is a commercial point cloud processing software. Developed and marketed by the Italian software house Gexcel, Reconstructor was first released in September 2007 and continuously updated since then. It's a complete point cloud processing software package that includes many post processing tools for 3D reconstruction, post processing, measurements, 3D modeling and content creation.
The Geomax, Stonex and Teledyne-Opetch manufacturers have chosen Reconstructor technology for their customers.
History
The technology behind Reconstructor has been initially born through a technology transfer agreement between the Joint Research Centre and Gexcel in 2007, to introduce the lidar technology for international nuclear plants monitoring into the market. Nowadays the software is completely built in-house by Gexcel.
Initially called JRC3DReconstructor, it is constantly growing to adapt the structure, functionalities and tools to the surveyors' needs. From 2019 release become Reconstructor and introduced a new add-on structure.
The core software available with a perpetual licence of monthly temporary licence allows registering, analyze, inspect, measure and share data. Then you can add a set of commands to detect specific industries like Land and Quarry (Mining add-on), Cultural Heritage (Color add-on), Mobile mapping dataset (HERON add-on). The technology behind Reconstructor is also academically traceable, as it can be available with a special educational licence.
See also
3D reconstruction
Joint Research Centre
External links
Gexcel official site
Reconstructor software features list
References
Multimedia software
Shamil Radzhabovich Gamzatov (; born August 9, 1990 in Dagestan) is a Russian mixed martial artist competing in the Light Heavyweight division. A professional since 2012, he has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), World Series of Fighting, Absolute Championship Berkut and competed in the Middleweight division of the Professional Fighters League.
Background
He was born in Kizlyar city, Dagestan, Soviet Union into a devout Sunni muslim family of Avar origin from Tsurib village, Charodinsky District. He started training in freestyle wrestling at 8 years of age, after an injured knee he retired. At 15 years of age he joined Amateur MMA under Zalimkhan Tatev. He won European and World MMA titles in amateur level. Also he is a Dagestan national kickboxing champion, 3x grappling Abdu-Dabi tournament winner. Combat Sambo North Caucasian championships 3rd 2015 at 100 kg. At the World Grappling Championships (World Grappling Association) he won the gold medal at 92 kilos.
Gamzatov said of his changing of sports as a kid, “[I] changed various sports and performed in them: combat sambo, grappling, amateur MMA. Then there was a transition to MMA and there was a debut and so began my career as a professional!”
Mixed martial arts career
World Series of Fighting
He made his debut in the USA on January 23, 2016 at WSOF 27, his opponent was Teddy Holder of Tennessee. He won the fight by TKO (punches) in the first round.
Absolute Championship Berkut
He faced Rodney Wallace on January 13, 2017 at ACB 51. He won the back-and-forth fight by split decision.
Professional Fighters League
Gamzatov faced Eddie Gordon on July 5, 2018 at PFL 3. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
In his next bout, Gamzatov faced Rex Harris on 16 August 2018 at PFL 6. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Gamzatov signed a four-fight deal with the UFC in July.
Gamzatov made his promotional debut against Klidson Abreu on November 9, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 163. He won the fight via split decision.
Gamzatov was scheduled to face Ovince Saint Preux on April 25, 2020. However, Gamzatov was forced to pull from the event due to COVID-19 pandemic travel restriction The match was rescheduled on August 22, 2020 at UFC on ESPN 15.However, for unknown reason, Gamzatov was pulled from the bout and he was replaced by Alonzo Menifield.
Gamzatov was briefly linked to a bout against Devin Clark on November 28, 2020 at UFC on ESPN: Blaydes vs. Lewis. However, Gamzatov was removed from the bout in mid-October due to alleged visa issues and was replaced by Anthony Smith on the card.
Gamzatov was scheduled to face Da Un Jung on April 10, 2021 at UFC on ABC 2. However, Gamzatov was removed from the bout on March 24 due to alleged visa issues and replaced by William Knight.
Gamzatov faced Michał Oleksiejczuk on October 30, 2021 at UFC 267. He lost the bout via TKO in the first round, losing for the first time in his professional career.
Gamzatov was scheduled to face Misha Cirkunov on August 6, 2022 at UFC on ESPN: Santos vs. Hill. However, Gamzatov was unable to obtain a US visa and the bout was scrapped, after which he and the UFC parted ways.
Championships and accomplishments
Grappling
Abu Dhabi grappling tournament
3x tournament winner.
World Grappling Association
World champion (92 kg).
MMA
World Mixed Martial Arts Amateur Union
European champion 2013 (93 kg).
World champion 2013 (93 kg).
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 14–1
|Michał Oleksiejczuk
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 267
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:31
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 14–0
|Klidson Abreu
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Magomedsharipov vs. Kattar
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Moscow, Russia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 13–0
|Rex Harris
|Decision (unanimous)
|PFL 6
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 12–0
|Eddie Gordon
|Decision (unanimous)
|PFL 3
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Washington, D.C., United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–0
| Rodney Wallace
| Decision (split)
| ACB 51
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Irvine, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–0
| Teddy Holder
| TKO (punches)
| WSOF 27
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:32
| Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–0
| Yuri Gorbenko
| Submission (triangle choke)
| N1 Pro: Nomad Pro MMA Cup 2014
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:39
| Grozny, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–0
| Sukhrob Muradov
| TKO (punches)
| Fight Star: Saransk vs. Penza
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:16
| Saransk, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Vladimir Mishchenko
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Warriors Honor: Mayor's Cup
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:07
| Kharkov, Ukraine
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Andrey Musanipov
| Submission (armbar)
| Battle of Champions 2
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:14
| Ufa, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Ivan Fedunov
| KO (punch)
| Versia Fighting Championship 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:52
| Pyatigorsk, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Ilya Gunenko
| Submission (armbar)
| WCSA Combat League: Combat Ring 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:14
| Odessa, Ukraine
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Rustam Omar-Ogly
| Submission (armbar)
| Derbent Fighting Championship
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:40
| Derbent, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Assaad Raad
| TKO (punches)
| Top Fight: Battle of the Gyms
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:35
| Dubai, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Murat Aibazov
| TKO (punches)
| FoPoKC: Cup of Friendship
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:35
| Teberda, Russia
|
|-
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Dagestani mixed martial artists
Avar people
Sportspeople from Makhachkala
Russian Muslims
Russian expatriates in the United States
Russian sambo practitioners
Russian male kickboxers
Russian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing sambo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
André Briend is a French pediatric nutritionist best known for his 1996 co-formulation of Plumpy'nut, a Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF), with Dr. Mark Manary. Starting in 1994, Briend, who at the time worked at Institut de recherche pour le développement, worked with Michel Lescanne to develop variants of renutrition products in solid form. At the time, the WHO-recommended diet for the treatment of severe malnutrition required clean water, a commodity only available in hospitals in most developing countries. These trial products were ultimately discarded for not meeting the requirements of good shelf-life, pleasant taste, or logistic simplicity. In 1996, inspired by a jar of chocolate spread which had a similar composition of proteins, energy, and lipids as the diet recommended by the WHO, Briend came up with the idea of replacing part of the dry skim milk in the existing recipe with peanut butter and eventually created Plumpy'nut. Briend also served as a medical officer for the Department of Child & Adolescent Health and Development at the World Health Organization.
References
Living people
French nutritionists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Andrea Maria Dusl (born 12 August 1961), is an Austrian/Swedish film director, author and illustrator.
She was born in Vienna, the daughter of Austrian architect Erwin H. Dusl and Swedish captain's family Pettersson's descendant Monica Jüllig. Between 1981 and 1985 she studied stage design at Vienna's Akademie der Bildenden Künste and promoted as Master of Arts. She worked as assistant stage designer at Vienna's Burgtheater, Akademietheater (under the direction of George Tabori), Theater an der Vienna, Theater in der Josefstadt and Wiener Staatsoper. Between 1993 and 1997 she attended medical studies at Universität Wien (University of Vienna).
Since 1985 she has been writing and illustrating for Austrian newspapers and magazines. Her columns Comandantina Dusilova and Fragen Sie Frau Andrea ("Ask Miss Andrea"), published in Austria's weekly magazine Falter have many fans among urban and liberal readers.
In 2003 Falter published the paperback Fragen Sie Frau Andrea. In 2007 Residenz Verlag published Dusl's book Die österreichische Oberfläche (The Austrian Surface). The novels Boboville (2008) and "Channel 8" (2010) were published by Residenz Verlag. In 2012 Dusl wrote "Ins Hotel konnte ich ihn nicht mitnehmen" (I could not take him to the hotel) for the Viennese publisher Metroverlag.
In 2001 she shot her first feature film Blue Moon starring Austrian stand-up comedian Josef Hader, Ukrainian actress and German helmer-actor Detlev Buck. Blue Moon premiered at the 2002 Locarno International Film Festival. Awards: (2003 Grand Prix for Best Austrian Film (Graz, Diagonale). 2003 Special Jury Prize (, Łagów, Poland) and Variety Critic's Choice of Europe's 10 Best Films, Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, Czech Republic, 2004 Best Script (Graz, Diagonale)).
In 2006 she has hosted Redezeit, a monthly political discussion at Viennas "off-broadway"-theater Rabenhof.
Films
Around the World in Eighty Days (In Achtzig Tagen um die Welt), (1989/1991) (6 shorts)
Blue Moon, (2002)
Heavy Burschi, (2005) (short)
Books
Fragen Sie Frau Andrea, 107 fantastische Kolumnen, 2003, Falter Verlag, Vienna
Die österreichische Oberfläche, Essays, 2007, Residenz Verlag, St. Pölten
Boboville, novel, 2008, Residenz Verlag, St. Pölten
Channel 8, novel, 2010, Residenz Verlag, St. Pölten
Ins Hotel konnte ich ihn nicht mitnehmen, stories, 2012, Metroverlag, Vienna
External links
Andrea Maria Dusl's blog www.comandantina.com
Andrea Maria Dusl's Redezeit
1961 births
Living people
Austrian film directors
Austrian women film directors
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
German-language film directors
Blackwater, Virginia may refer to the following places in Virginia:
Blackwater, Lee County, Virginia
Blackwater, Mathews County, Virginia
Rodolphus Dickinson (December 28, 1797 – March 20, 1849) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, father of Edward F. Dickinson.
Born in Hatfield, Massachusetts, Dickinson attended the public schools and Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts from 1818 to 1821.
He studied law with Gustavus Swan of Columbus, Ohio.
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Tiffin, Ohio.
He was appointed prosecuting attorney for Seneca County in 1824, for Williams County in 1826, and for Sandusky County in 1827.
He moved to Lower Sandusky, Ohio, in 1826.
He served as a member of the Board of Public Works of Ohio 1836–1845.
Dickinson was elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Congresses and served from March 4, 1847, until his death in Washington, D.C., on March 20, 1849.
He was interred in Washington, D.C.
He was reinterred in Oakwood Cemetery (Fremont, Ohio).
His wife was Marguerite Beaugrand from Lower Sandusky.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
1797 births
1849 deaths
People from Hatfield, Massachusetts
County district attorneys in Ohio
People from Tiffin, Ohio
People from Fremont, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Williams College alumni
19th-century American politicians
C+ or C Plus may refer to:
C Plus, a brand name of the soft drink Sunkist in some places
HolyC (programming language), TempleOS programming language formerly known as C+
C+ (grade), an academic grade
C++, a programming language
C with Classes, predecessor to the C++ programming language
ANSI C, a programming language (as opposed to K&R C)
ABCL/c+, a programming language
Faster-than-light travel, above the speed of light, c
See also
C (disambiguation)
CX (disambiguation)
CXX (disambiguation)
CC (disambiguation)
Townships (), formally township-level divisions (), are the basic level (fourth-level administrative units) of political divisions in China. They are similar to municipalities and communes in other countries and in turn may contain village committees and villages. In 1995 there were 29,502 townships and 17,532 towns (a total of 47,034 township-level divisions) in China.
Much like other levels of government in mainland China, the township's governance is divided between the Communist Party Township Secretary, and the "county magistrate" (). The township party secretary, along with the township's party committee, determines policy. The magistrate is in charge of administering the daily affairs of government and executing policies as determined by the party committee. A township official is the lowest-level ranked official in the civil service hierarchy; in practice, however, the township party secretary and magistrate can amass high levels of personal power.
A township government is formally responsible for local economic development, planning, maintenance of local roads, family planning, sanitation & health, sports, and "other responsibilities as determined by higher level governments".
Types of townships
Urban
Subdistricts ()
Towns ()
Rural
Townships ()
Sums of Inner Mongolia
Ethnic townships, towns, and sums
History
After the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, there was a lack of uniform regulations for establishing towns, and there were too many towns formed. By the end of 1954, there were 5,400 towns throughout the country, including 920 with a population of less than 2,000, 2,302 with a population of 2,000-5,000, 1,373 with a population of 5,000-10,000, 784 with a population of 10,000-50,000, and 21 with a population over 50,000. In June 1955, the State Council issued the "Decision on the Establishment of Cities and Towns", which clarified the criteria for the establishment of towns. By the end of 1978, there were only 2,173 townships in the country. After the abolition of the people's commune system, the establishment of townships was given importance.
On 29 November 1984, the State Council announced new standards for the establishment of townships.
All local state organs at the county level should be set up as townships.
Townships with a total population of less than 20,000 and a non-agricultural population of more than 2,000 in the seat of the township government may be established.
For communes with a total population of more than 20,000, towns may be established if the non-agricultural population of the commune's governmental seat accounts for more than 10% of the commune's population.
Ethnic minority areas, sparsely populated remote areas, mountainous areas and small industrial and mining areas, small ports, scenic tourist areas, border crossings, etc., although the non-agricultural population of less than 2,000, if necessary, can also set up towns.
List of township-level divisions
Provinces
List of township-level divisions of Anhui
List of township-level divisions of Fujian
List of township-level divisions of Gansu
List of township-level divisions of Guangdong
List of township-level divisions of Guizhou
List of township-level divisions of Hainan
List of township-level divisions of Hebei
List of township-level divisions of Heilongjiang
List of township-level divisions of Henan
List of township-level divisions of Hubei
List of township-level divisions of Hunan
List of township-level divisions of Jiangsu
List of township-level divisions of Jiangxi
List of township-level divisions of Jilin
List of township-level divisions of Liaoning
List of township-level divisions of Qinghai
List of township-level divisions of Shaanxi
List of township-level divisions of Shandong
List of township-level divisions of Shanxi
List of township-level divisions of Sichuan
List of township-level divisions of Yunnan
List of township-level divisions of Zhejiang
Autonomous areas
List of township-level divisions of Guangxi
List of township-level divisions of Inner Mongolia
List of township-level divisions of Ningxia
List of township-level divisions of the Tibet Autonomous Region
List of township-level divisions of Xinjiang
Municipalities
List of township-level divisions of Beijing
List of township-level divisions of Chongqing
List of township-level divisions of Shanghai
List of township-level divisions of Tianjin
Similar to township units
A similar to township unit in the system of administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China is a region with self-jurisdiction which functions at a PRC township-level administrative division. Divisions of this sort can include development zones, science and technology parks, university cities, companies, farms, fishing ground, ranches, orchards, national parks, etc., even prisons.
The township-level administrative division (the lowest level division) includes townships, towns, subdistricts, ethnic townships, and sums. Some county-level administrative districts that govern towns and villages will also be defined as a similar to township unit, as in the case of the Jiaozishan Tourism Development Zone and Industrial Park of Kunming.
References
External links
Citypopulation.de: Population by township in China
01
Administrative divisions of China
Populated places in China
China
Townships, China
Timothy "Tim" Speedle, known by his nickname Speed, is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI: Miami. He was portrayed by Rory Cochrane until the character's death in the third season opening episode "Lost Son".
Characterization
Prior to the character's untimely demise and Rory Cochrane's departure from CSI: Miami at the start of season 3, "Speed" is distinguished in his occasional carelessness in procedure. Especially featured is his neglect of proper sidearm maintenance "Dispo Day", which is a contributing factor to Speed's own death.
He also, at one point, borrows Calleigh Duquesne's crime light and forgets to recharge it, much to her annoyance. Speed's cavalier attitude is also featured in other ways as well. He states that he sees his job as a CSI as no more than a "paycheck", lacking the enthusiasm for criminology and justice shared by the rest of the team "Wannabe". He rides his bike to work, and claims that he's happy with that rather than a standard automobile "Lost Son".
Showcased in the series is his role as best friend to Adam Rodriguez's Eric Delko. This facet of him is evident in episode 604, "Bang, Bang, Your Debt," a full three years after Speedle's death "Lost Son". Delko, still feeling the effects of a head injury suffered (season 5 episode 15 "Man Down"), suffers from vivid hallucinations of his deceased friend, which ultimately leads to the discovery that Audio-Visual Lab Technician Dan Cooper had stolen Speedle's credit card.
This episode, especially with Speedle's appearance therein, illustrates the ongoing trauma of the violent death of a friend (in this case, Speed) on those who were close with that individual. When Cooper claims that, since Speed is dead, no-one got hurt, Calleigh Duquesne angrily points out that Eric is hurt, and so is she, in particular, by the false hope the card charges (coupled with Delko's hallucinations) gave and Cooper is given the ultimatum of turning himself in or Calleigh will press charges herself. It is later revealed that she did not press charges in "Ambush".
Character biography
Tim Speedle was a Trace and Impressions expert with the Miami-Dade Crime Lab from Jamaica, Queens. In the season 8 opener, it was revealed that he had been recommended to Horatio by Jesse Cardoza who transferred to the LAPD at the time and returned recently, Speedle was working at St. Petersburg PD at the time.
Death
Speed dies in the Season 3 opening episode, "Lost Son", after being mortally wounded during a gunfight in a jewelry store. He and Caine brace themselves for a fight, but Speedle's gun jams giving one of the thieves an opportunity to shoot him in the chest. Caine calls for an ambulance, but Speedle succumbs to his injuries before help arrives, dying in Caine's arms. Speedle's death leaves the team, especially Caine and Delko, devastated. Internal Affairs is forced to investigate and Calleigh reports that the gun simply malfunctioned thereby closing the IAB investigation. A funeral is held and his parents and team are shown grieving over his loss.
Speedle's position on the team was later taken by Ryan Wolfe, a former Miami-Dade Police Department patrol officer.
Legacy
During a first-season episode, Speed and Delko, during a night of clubbing on the town, were caught in a devastating and deadly fire when the nightclub bouncer set the building alight in a twisted effort to be a hero. Speedle was instrumental in saving lives when he noticed an emergency-exit door ajar, and he guided many victims to safety. Despite the trauma of the blaze, he insisted on working the scene with the rest of his team (season one, episode 22, "Tinder Box").
A few months after his death, Sara Piper a.k.a. Cookie Devine, (season 3, episode 18, "Game Over") fears a sex tape she made with her boyfriend will be leaked. She goes to the lab and ask for Tim Speedle, who had previously helped her (season 2, episode 24, "Innocent") and Horatio overhears. He steps in and informs her that Speed had been killed in the line of duty but promises to look into her case.
Three years after Speedle's death, his memory is still tender in the hearts and minds of his colleagues. They have left his locker and effects intact, intriguing those who come after his demise (episode 6x04, "Bang, Bang, Your Debt").
References
CSI: Miami characters
Fictional forensic scientists
Fictional Miami-Dade Police Department detectives
Television characters introduced in 2002
Chifita Matafwali (28 November 1959 – 20 May 2015) was a Zambian politician. He was a member of the National Assembly for the Bangweulu constituency for the Patriotic Front since the 2011 elections.
Matafwali died at age 55 while undergoing, or shortly after, a kidney transplant in the Jehangir Hospital in Pune, India on 20 May 2015. Anthony Kasandwe of the Patriotic Front was elected as Matafwali's successor in June 2015.
Personal life
Matafwali was born on 28 November 1959 in Samfya. His father, Scott Matafwali, served as a member of the National Assembly for Bangweulu between 1970 and 1978. Matafwali followed his primary and secondary education in Samfya. He later studied economics at the University of Zambia. After his period at university Matafwali worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers and Chibote Investments until 2001 and subsequently as a consultant.
In 2001 elections Matafwali unsuccessfully ran as a candidate of the Zambia Republican Party for the Bangweulu constituency.
Matafwali was married and had four children.
References
1959 births
2015 deaths
Members of the National Assembly of Zambia
Patriotic Front (Zambia) politicians
People from Samfya District
University of Zambia alumni
Altars of Desire is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring silent movie star Mae Murray. It was produced and released by MGM.
A print of Altars of Desire survives and is preserved by MGM.
Synopsis
Claire (Murray) is sent to Paris by her father (Edeson) to acquire some refinement. A treasure-hunter (Beranger) stalks her, but so does good guy David Elrod (Tearle), who rescues her.
Cast
Mae Murray as Claire Sutherland
Conway Tearle as David Elrod
Robert Edeson as John Sutherland
Maude George as Kitty Pryor
George Beranger as Count André D'Orville
References
External links
Stills at silenthollywood.com
1927 films
1927 drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Silent American drama films
1920s American films
The Glass Cannon is a podcast based on the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game by Paizo Publishing, and is the flagship podcast of The Glass Cannon Network (GCN). The first episode was released on June 16, 2015, and over 300 episodes have been produced. Its cast includes actors and comedians. The podcast mostly follows the Giantslayer adventure path from Paizo and uses homebrew content to further flesh out the backstories of characters outside the purview of the main adventure path resources. By mandate of the podcast creators, no individual episode synopsis is available. Listeners are encouraged to begin at Episode 1 “ Introducing Tom Exposition” for the full experience.
Originally, the Glass Cannon Podcast (GCP) started as an idea of Troy Lavallee. It happened when he was getting back into stand-up comedy and started listening to Tuesdays with Stories. He initially branched into some RPG podcasts and sampled Nerd Poker and The Adventure Zone. During this time he thought: "my gaming group is way funnier than this and we play the game at such a higher level, why the hell aren't we doing a podcast?!" Lavallee then pitched his idea for the GCP to Joe O'Brien and Skid Maher and the podcast was born. The Pathfinder system was chosen as their setting because they were fans of the content, and noticed that podcasts based on Dungeons & Dragons were ubiquitous. They also felt the lack of Pathfinder podcasts meant they would have a greater chance of standing out in the crowd.
In 2018 the GCN's licensing partnership with Paizo was extended three years. By January 2019, O'Brien announced he would join fellow host Lavallee in quitting his day job to foster the growth of the podcast and GCN. This push for financial independence increased the need to monetize their content through trial advertisements on a sister podcast called Androids & Aliens (A&A). In April, A&A joined the lineup of podcasts produced by Starburns Audio.
During the COVID-19 outbreak, the podcast has consisted of recordings of online sessions following shorter Pathfinder modules, called "Side Quest Side Sesh." Modules have included "The Feast of Ravenmoor," "The Midnight Mirror," and "Carrion Hill." The first episode aired live on Twitch on March 31, 2020, and was later uploaded to other platforms like YouTube, iTunes, and Spotify. The podcast donates $50 for each instance of a confirmed critical hit or fumble to the Coronavirus Pandemic fund by Direct Relief.
Reviews
Geek & Sundry reviewed it as one of the best table top podcasts. Forbes describe it as engaging and bawdy but not for kids.
The podcast is considered to have a high production quality. Sound effects and music are made with Syrinscape.
References
External links
The Official Glass Cannon website
Nerd's Earth Interview
2015 podcast debuts
Actual play podcasts
Audio podcasts
Comedy and humor podcasts
Patreon creators
Crotonogynopsis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1899. It is native to tropical Africa.
Species
Crotonogynopsis akeassii J.Léonard - Ivory Coast, Ghana
Crotonogynopsis usambarica Pax - Cameroon, Zaïre, Uganda, Tanzania, Mozambique
References
Adelieae
Euphorbiaceae genera
"Scooby Snacks" is a song by American band Fun Lovin' Criminals from their debut album, Come Find Yourself (1996). The song was written by the band and contains several sampled quotes from Quentin Tarantino films, so Tarantino is also credited as a writer. Most of the song is rapped, with the exception of the chorus, which is sung. The "Scooby Snacks" in the song is a reference to diazepam, also known as Valium.
"Scooby Snacks" is the band's biggest hit single to date, reaching the top 40 in Australia, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and New Zealand. In the United Kingdom, the song originally peaked at number 22 in August 1996, but after being reissued with a cover of the 10cc song "I'm Not in Love", it reached a new peak of number 12 on the UK Singles Chart in June 1997. In 1996, it was voted number 14 on the list of the Hottest 100 songs of that year by listeners of Australia's Triple J radio station.
Samples
The song contains samples from Quentin Tarantino's movies Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs. Tarantino demanded 37% of the song's royalties and a co-writing credit, which he received.
Chart performance
"Scooby Snacks" reached the top 40 in Australia, Iceland, the Netherlands and on the US Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. It reached the top 20 in New Zealand, peaking at number 18. The song initially peaked number 22 on the UK Singles Chart but was re-released as a double A-side with their cover of 10cc's "I'm Not in Love" on 23 June 1997, reaching a new peak of number 12 the following week. This version also reached number 27 in Ireland. In July 2022, the song was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales and streams exceeding 200,000 units.
Track listings
1996 release
UK CD1
"Scooby Snacks" (album version) – 3:02
"Smoke 'Em" (live)
"Come Find Yourself" (live)
"I Can't Get with That" (live)
UK CD2
"Scooby Snacks" (album version—clean version) – 3:02
"Scooby Snacks" (Steve Lironi master mix) – 3:16
"Scooby Snacks" (20 Mg version) – 3:46
"Scooby Snacks" (Rockamental version) – 2:57
UK limited-edition 7-inch picture disc
A1. "Scooby Snacks" (album version—clean version) – 3:04
B1. "Scooby Snacks" (Steve Lironi instrumental with movie samples) – 3:13
B2. "I'll Be Seeing You" – 1:19
European CD single
"Scooby Snacks" (album version) – 3:02
"Blues for Suckers" – 3:50
Australian CD single
"Scooby Snacks" (album version)
"Scooby Snacks" (Steve Lironi master mix)
"Scooby Snacks" (20 Mg version)
"Scooby Snacks" (Rockamental version)
"Scooby Snacks" (Steve Lironi instrumental)
"I'll Be Seeing You"
1997 release
UK CD1
"Scooby Snacks" (album version) – 3:04
"I'm Not In Love" – 4:36
"Scooby Snacks" (live at the Forum) – 3:15
"I Can't Get with That (live at the Forum) – 4:53
UK CD2
"I'm Not in Love" – 4:36
"Scooby Snacks (Schmoove version) – 3:25
"Bombin' the L (Circa 1956 version) – 2:29
"Coney Island Girl (Schmoove version) – 3:08
UK 7-inch single
A1. "I'm Not in Love" – 4:36
A2. "Scooby Snacks" (album version) – 3:04
B1. "Coney Island Girl" (Schmoove version) – 3:08
Credits and personnel
Credits are lifted from the 1996 UK CD1 liner notes.
Studios
Recorded at Steve Rosenthals Magic Shop (New York City)
Pre-produced at Drunk Munk Studios (New York City)
Mixed at Platinum Island (New York City)
Mastered at Sterling Sound (New York City)
Personnel
Fun Lovin' Criminals – writing, production, arrangement
Quentin Tarantino – writing
Tim Latham – recording, mixing
Juan Garcia – recording assistant
Ed Douglas – recording assistant
Steve "Puffy" Coffey – mixing assistant
George Marino – mastering
Morph Iconography – artwork layout and design
Doctor Revolt – illustration
Henry Marquez – art direction
Jonathan Block – management
Major Music – management
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
1996 singles
Chrysalis Records singles
Cultural depictions of Quentin Tarantino
EMI Records singles
Fun Lovin' Criminals songs
Songs about criminals
Songs based on speech samples
Songs written by Quentin Tarantino
The Itezhi-Tezhi Dam on the Kafue River in west-central Zambia was built between 1974 and 1977 at the Itezhi-Tezhi Gap, in a range of hills through which the river had eroded a narrow valley, leading to the broad expanse of the wetlands known as the Kafue Flats. The town of Itezhi-Tezhi is to the east side of the dam.
Dimensions and purpose
The dam has a height of , a crest length of and forms a reservoir of , flooding a section of the Kafue National Park.
The initial purpose of the dam is to store water for the Kafue Gorge Upper Power Station more than downstream. The Kafue River, like most in south-central Africa, has a very high seasonal variation, flooding in the rainy season and slowing to perhaps a twentieth of the peak flow rate at the end of the dry season. Power generation however requires a steady flow, which can only be achieved by having a reservoir large enough to store the seasonal flood for use in the dry season. At the Kafue Gorge the topography does not allow a large enough reservoir to form. The designers of the dam therefore had the idea of siting the main reservoir at Itezhi-Tezhi, and releasing the water in a steady flow down the river along the Kafue Flats to the Kafue Gorge Dam.
Power station
Construction began in 2011 of a power station at the Itezhi-Tezhi Dam and was due for completion in 2015. The $250 million plant will be operated by Itezhi Tezhi Power Company (ITPC), a joint venture between ZESCO, the Zambian state-owned power company, and TATA Africa, a part of Indian conglomerate Tata Group. The engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contractor is Sinohydro and two 60MW Kaplan turbines are being supplied by Alstom.
In 2014, The African Development Bank (AfDB), the Dutch Development Bank FMO, the Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) and Propaco of France provided the Zambian Government with a loan of $142 million to fund approximately half of the project cost. The power station was fully commissioned in February 2016.
Environmental impact of the dam on the Kafue River Flats
The Kafue Flats ecosystem is adapted to regular extremes of flooding and drying out. The floods charge the soil with water. Fish and animals adapt to swim or wade, help spread nutrients, and when the waters recede, grasses grow rapidly and sustain herbivores such as buffalo, lechwe, and cattle. The natural seasonal cycle has maintained plants, fish, and animals, as they have adapted to the March–April inundation in their nutrition and breeding. Many of the local residents move their settlements annually to cope with the regular cycle of flooding.
The dam removes the peak of the flooding and the trough of low water in the dry season. It reduces the natural seasonal variation of the river flow. The designers intended for the dam to 'open the floodgates' for the duration of March, and allow a flow of 300 m³/s to flood the Kafue Flats in order to maintain natural cycles. However, this has not happened in practice, mainly because the reservoir has not contained sufficient water at the right times to facilitate such a flow. The demand for electric power takes priority, and this, compounded by erratic rainfall since 1990, has prevented the dam from releasing water at the originally intended flow rates.
The Itezhi-Tezhi Dam has impacted the local ecology of the Kafue Flats in the following ways:
Fish production has significantly declined;
Wildlife, such as Lechwe, and Sitatunga, which rely on particular timing and extent of the floods in their breeding grounds, have had their breeding behaviour disrupted, leading to population decline;
In the dry season the amount of grass for grazing has reduced for both wildlife and cattle, and woody species are invading grasslands on the floodplain;
There is uncertainty of the timing of flooding, and this disturbs traditional human settlements.
The 2003/4 rainy season saw particularly high rainfall in Zambia. The effect of the Itezhi-Tezhi Dam release during this season is shown in the above NASA photos. According to a NASA website, in June 2004 an agreement was made with the hydroelectricity company to restore water releases from the dams according to a more natural flooding regime, presumably by keeping to the original intention of a 300 m³/s flood for the whole of March.
References
Dams completed in 1977
Dams in Zambia
Buildings and structures in Southern Province, Zambia
Kafue River
1977 establishments in Zambia
Hydroelectric power stations in Zambia
Energy infrastructure completed in 2016
Rockhill Barracks () was an Irish Army barracks located in Letterkenny, County Donegal. The Barracks was forced to close due to the 2008 economic meltdown.
History
Rockhill House is a 30-room period building originally built as a manor house in the 17th century for the gentry. Captain Thomas Chambers is the earliest recorded occupier of the house in 1660. The present structure dates from 1824 and is a listed building. Rockhill House was occupied by The Irregulars during the Irish Civil War. They were removed from the building by a pro-treaty crowd who were led by Letterkenny native James McMonagle. Rockhill House which houses the barracks was later privately owned by Sir Charles John Stewart. His two sons were killed during World War I. He sold the building in October 1936, through selling agent John King Robinson, due to the fear of attacks from the Irish Republican Army.
During years of vacancy the building was used as a Preparatory Irish College. The premises were used by The 24th Battalion from 1969 to 1973. Rockhill also hosted military combatants before members of the "B" company of the 28th Infantry settled there in 1973. The barracks opened in 1969 and covers of land. The then Taoiseach, Jack Lynch, deployed Irish troops to the border during The Troubles in Northern Ireland.
There is evidence that golf was played at Rockhill before the 20th century, long before Letterkenny Golf Club was established in 1913. A steward wrote to his master stating that golf was being played on the land of Major General ACH Stewart. In a letter he stated "Mr Chambers, Manager of the Ulster Bank, Dr Carre and a few others been playing golf on the lawn starting at McDaid's old lodge and going across into the Fort Field".
Closure
Due to the 2008 Budget cutbacks on military spending the barracks was forced to close. 135 personnel moved to Finner Camp in Ballyshannon on 31 January 2009. Willie O'Dea, Minister for Defence, who defended the closure, said "There were too many army barracks for an army and a country of Ireland's size". Local people protested and stated that "the Government was walking on the people and the proposals would mean the loss of €6.5 million to the local economy". Dessie Larkin, a local councillor, said "I think it is a huge mistake to leave the north of the county without an army presence. The county would be cut off if it was blown up. What do people do in north Donegal now if there is a flooding crisis or other disaster?" He recalled how his father James (Big Jim) Larkin was presented with a membership card for the officer's mass. The Sunday mass was only part of what the barracks meant to the community. "For people living in Bomany, Oldtown and New Mills it was a God send", he said.
Protest
A protest march was held in Letterkenny on Saturday 15 November 2008 in objection to the barracks closure. It began at the Bus Éireann depot at 1.30pm and came to a climax at the Market Square. The protest was organised by the Donegal Steering Group Against Barrack Closures who include former Rockhill service personnel. Fine Gael politician Dinny McGinley was forced to leave the Dáil after he caused a row with Willie O'Dea. When O'Dea failed to answer McGinley's request for him to visit Donegal, the Donegal TD demanded that he prove whether he is "a man or a mouse". Leas Ceann Comhairle, Brendan Howlin asked McGinley to leave when he repeatedly shouted at O'Dea.
An open day was held at the barracks on 14 January 2009 and a final mass on 18 January was celebrated by Army Chaplain, Fr. Alan Ward. The open day provided soldiers and members of the general public with an opportunity to remember times gone by. On Wednesday, 28 January, soldiers marched down the Barracks avenue for the last time before proceeding to march from the Courthouse to the Library on the town's Main Street.
Proposals
While there have been no definitive plans made for Rockhill Estate, suggested proposals have included the following:
Neil Clarke, a former Green Party politician, has suggested using the Rockhill site as a boot camp for suitable prisoners. He stated that the inmates would receive a "short, sharp, shock" by serving a short sentence while being trained and educated for the rest of their lives.
Former commanding officer Lieutenant-Colonel Declan O'Carroll has suggested that Rockhill House could be used as a County Museum due to the lack of space at the Donegal County Museum on the High Road.
Rockhill House Heritage Association, a not-for-profit group, have been campaigning since 2009 to have Rockhill properly protected and developed so as to allow the property gain its full potential for the benefit of the people of County Donegal. They see its development as a flagship tourism project as the best option to begin to achieve that aim.
On 25 July 2014, it was announced that Rockhill House would be sold at public auction during August 2014. It was acquired by a local businessman, John Moloy, for €670,000.
Publications
Lt.-Col. Declan O'Carroll, commanding officer at the barracks from 1981 to 1983, 1984 to 1986 and 1992 to 1993, published his 62-page book "Rockhill House – A History" in 1984. It was published by Defences Forces Printing Press and it was revised in 1994.
References
External links
Irish Defence Forces Statement
Barracks in the Republic of Ireland
Buildings and structures in Letterkenny
Irish military bases
Biebelried is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Gedsted is a small town in Himmerland with a population of 852 (1 January 2022), located in Gedsted parish. The city belongs to the municipality of Vesthimmerland Municipality and is located in the North Denmark Region. The town is located on a hillside near Louns Bredning. Gedsted's annual city party is organized by the Cooperative Associations and is called "Gedeskæg". Its around 10 km from Farsø. The city also have a school Gedsted school.
History
Gedsted has played a role as a traffic hub from the Viking Age. Probably there has been a bridge over Lerkenfeld stream already from the year 1000-1100. It is said that Canute IV of Denmark also known as Canute the holy, in about 1080, tried to gather a viking army to regain England, and to raise money, he raised the kingdom and collected taxes from the peasants.
When the king stayed at Børglum, the first peasant revolt in Denmark arose, and he had to flee via Aggersborg across Aggersund and further south. It is believed that there was again a battle with the farmer's army at Hødalen just south of Gedsted and again at Viborg.
The first time that Gedsted was mentioned directly in written sources is probably in 1289. Then 15-year-old Erik Menved and his mother, widower, Agnes, made a stay at Vitskøl Kloster held on King's farm "Holmmark". Erik issued a letter that took Vitskøl monastery under royal protection. The letter ended with "Givet på min gård" Hollummark "in Geedstath, March 1, 1289".
Also several letters from Margaret I of Denmark in the 1400s were written from the farm in Holmmark.
Through centuries, the people in Gedsted had been engaged in fishing and agriculture, and in the 1800s, the city was together with Farsø and Skals the three power plants in the region - Aalestrup was first constructed as a city around the turn of the century after the railway was placed here and not at Gedsted .
The company Getama has been a dynamo in the recent development of the city, and in this case, it was close to raw materials in nature, which for many years created the foundation for a sustainable nutrition for hundreds of families.
The cycling factory Jyden was founded in Gedsted, in 1896, in a factory building just opposite the dairy. Three years later, the factory burned to the ground and the production was moved to Aalestrup.
In 1875, the city is described as "Gjedsted med Kirke, Præstegaard og Skole". [2]
About the turn of the century, the city is described as follows: "Gedsted (1289: Geetsteth, 1307: Gettstæthæ) with Church, Præstegd., School, Missionshus (1896), Assembly House (1885), Afholdshjem (1900), Housing, Sparekasse Orig. 22/5 1898; 31/3 1899 was Spar. Commodity 17,765 Kr., Interest rate 4 pct., No. of Accounts 57), Grocery store, Tang-Madrasfabrik, Coloring, Share Dairy, Inn, State Telephony and Postal Expedition " [3].
Johannes V. Jensen has also helped put Gedsted on the world map with his history of Himmerland. Here it is narrative how an English circus traveled through Gedsted in the early 1900s and was exposed to the local peoples' ability.
Gedsted Church's history is well described. It was built in the 11th century and was presumably consecrated to Sanctuary Ursula, and in a cavity in the altar there is also a small pencil with a bone blunt, which should originate from one of Saint Ursula's 10,000 virgins.
References
Towns and settlements in Vesthimmerland Municipality
Himmerland
Parsar Protected Area is a protected area in Myanmar, covering . It ranges in elevation from in the eastern part of Shan State, close to the international border with Laos and Thailand.
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Daen Lao Range
Protected areas established in 1996
Tom Birney is a former placekicker in the National Football League.
Biography
Birney was born Thomas Francis Birney on August 11, 1956 in Bellshill, Scotland.
Career
Birney played with the Green Bay Packers for two seasons. He played at the collegiate level at Michigan State University.
Tom was the final "straight-on" kicker to break into the NFL as a placekicker. Was a high school track and football coach, in Georgia.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1956 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bellshill
Green Bay Packers players
American football placekickers
Michigan State Spartans football players
Kekaumenos () is the family name of the otherwise unidentified Byzantine author of the Strategikon, a manual on military and household affairs composed c. 1078. He was apparently of Georgian-Armenian origin and the grandson of the doux of Hellas. Despite relevant suppositions, there exists no concrete evidence that he is the famous 11th century general Katakalon Kekaumenos, or his son.
His father-in-law was Nikulitzas Delphinas, a lord of Larissa who took part in the revolt of Bulgarians and Vlachs in 1066.
References
Sources
"Byzantine Siege Warfare in Theory and Practice" by Eric McGeer from The Medieval City under Siege
Logos Nouthetetikos, or Oration of Admonition to an Emperor by William North
Byzantine writers
Medieval Greek military writers
11th-century Byzantine people
11th-century Byzantine writers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Country Afternoon with Hugo Duncan is a country music radio programme, broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster Mondays to Fridays, 1.30pm-3pm. The show features interviews with country singers and performers, and Hugo regularly takes the show on the road around Northern Ireland to meet the listeners.
External links
Visit the Country Afternoon homepage
BBC Radio Ulster homepage
References
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
Mortimer Phillips Bainbridge (10 November 1808 – 15 July 1857) was an American politician.
Bainbridge was a lawyer born in Louisville, Kentucky, on 10 November 1808. He later moved to Iowa Territory, where, on 22 July 1839, he married Elizabeth Sarah Ann Graham Hooe at Fort Snelling. Bainbridge was elected to the Iowa Legislative Assembly as a Whig from Dubuque County between 1840 and 1842. He was president of the Iowa Council and held the District 10 seat. After the Whig Party dissolved, Bainbridge joined the Democratic Party. He died in King George County, Virginia, on 15 July 1857.
References
1857 deaths
1808 births
Iowa Whigs
19th-century American lawyers
Members of the Iowa Territorial Legislature
Iowa lawyers
People from Dubuque County, Iowa
Lawyers from Louisville, Kentucky
19th-century American politicians
Presidents of the Iowa Senate
Mamadou Konte (b.? Mali - died June 20, 2007 Dakar, Senegal) was a Senegalese music producer and founder of the Africa Fête Music Festival and a leading figure behind the African and world music genres.
Konte founded the Africa Fête music festival in 1978 in France, where he lived for many years as a French Malian immigrant as a longtime Paris resident. Africa Fete is an important international music festival that highlights established and up-and-coming African musical artists. Africa Fete has been credited with popularizing African music in France. The first years of the festival were held in France.
The Africa Fete festival has been based in Dakar, Senegal since 1995, the same year that Konte moved to the country. Several years of Africa Fete were also held in the United States. The festival is held every year in conjunction with World AIDS Day.
Africa Fete also became a record label, now based in Senegal. Konte and Africa Fete helped launch the careers of a number of well known, international artists, including Angélique Kidjo, Youssou N'Dour, Simon Mahlatini, Salif Keita, and Papa Wemba. For example, Konte helped organize Yousou N'Dour's first major European tour. Konte also served as a manager, producer, and agent for many other artists including Xalam, Touré Kunda and Manu Dibango.
Konte also established Tringa, a cultural center for aspiring young Senegalese musicians. He was awarded the Chevalier des Arts and Lettres by the French government in 1992.
Konte died on June 20, 2007 in Dakar, Senegal of an undisclosed illness. He was either 62 or 65 years old.
External links
Mail & Guardian: Senegal's champion of African music dies
IC Publications: Senegal's champion of African music Konte dies
World Music Central: Africa Fête Founder Mamadou Konté Dies at 62
Africa Fête on Facebook
Bibliography
Gilles de Staal, Mamadou m'a dit: Les luttes des foyers. Révolution Afrique. Africa Fête…., Paris, Syllepse, 2008.
Jean-Philippe Dedieu and Aïssatou Mbodj-Pouye, "The Fabric of Transnational Political Activism. 'Révolution Afrique' and West African Radical Militants in France in the 1970s," Comparative Studies in Society and History, 60, 4, 2018, pp. 1172-1208.
Abdoulaye Guèye, "The Colony Strikes Back: African Protest Movements in Postcolonial France," Comparative Studies of South Asia, Africa and the Middle East, 26, 2, 2006, pp. 225-242.
2007 deaths
French musicians
People from Dakar
Musicians from Paris
Senegalese musicians
Year of birth missing
Evelyn Lip (aka Lip Mong Har) (born 1938) is a Malaysian-born architecture scholar and Feng shui consultant. She is the author and co-author of over fifty books on architecture, Chinese geomancy, and children's stories.
Born in Malaysia, she earned a Ph.D. in Architecture from the National University of Singapore (NUS)'s School of Architecture. She has lectured there for almost three decades, and is the former head of the School. She specializes in Chinese architecture and applies geomancy to her practice.
In October 1989, she was part of the six hand-picked delegates that traveled to the U.S. to market Singapore's art, culture, and conservation in order to change the perceptions that some people have about Singapore.
Works
Co-Author: Meetings with Remarkable Women (2012) Quicksilver Books. ASIN B007YCEXZA
Author: Feng Shui for Harmony in the Home (2010) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: Your Face is Your Fortune (2010) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: All You Need to Know about Feng Shui (2009) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: Feng Shui for Success in Business (2009) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: Feng Shui in Chinese Architecture (2009) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: Personalise your Feng Shui and Transform your Life (2009) Cavendish Square Publishing.
Author: Chinese Practices and Beliefs (2001) Heian International.
Author: Design and Feng Shui of Logos, Trademarks and Signboards (1998) Stone Bridge Press.
Author: Personalize your Feng Shui: A Step-by-Step Guide to the Pillars of Destiny (1997) Heian International.
Author: 1000 Character Classic (1997) Raffles Editions.
Author: Feng Shui for Business (1995) Times Editions.
Author: Feng Shui: Environments of Power - A Study of Chinese Architecture (1995) Wiley.
Author: Fun with Astrology (1994) Graham Brash.
Author: Out of China (1993) Addison-Wesley.
Author: Chinese Geomancy (1992) Times Books International.
Author: Chinese Numbers (1992) Heian International.
Author: Feng Shui for the Home (1990) Heian International.
Author: Feng Shui for the Business (1989) Stone Bridge Press.
Author: Choosing Auspicious Chinese Names (1988) Stone Bridge Press.
Author: Feng Shui: A Layman's Guide to Chinese Geomancy (1987) Times Books International.
Author: Notes on Things Chinese (1986) Federal Publications.
Author: Chinese Beliefs and Superstitions (1985) Graham Brash.
Author: Chinese Proverbs and Sayings (1984) Graham Brash.
Author: Chinese Temples and Deities (1981) Times Books International.
Author: The Fairy Princess (1981) Macmillan Education Ltd.
References
1938 births
Living people
Orlando Dewey Lowry (born August 14, 1961) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League who played for the Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots. He played college football for the Ohio State Buckeyes.
His brother Quentin Lowry played in the NFL.
References
1961 births
Living people
American football linebackers
Indianapolis Colts players
New England Patriots players
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Migros Online (formerly LeShop.ch) is the Swiss market leader among online supermarkets and a subsidiary of the Migros Genossenschafts-Bund (MGB), the largest retailer in Switzerland.
Company
The online supermarket distributes 12,500 products via its Internet platform, of which around 75% are Migros products, the remaining products are branded goods, including frozen food and alcohol. With its partner, the Swiss Post, Migros Online delivers home purchases and offers free deliveries to over 100 so-called PickMup pick-up locations. The company is headquartered in Ecublens (VD) with four logistics centers in Ecublens (VD), Bremgarten (AG), Nebikon (LU) and Cheseau (VD). In 2019, the company posted sales of 190 million francs and employed 304 people. Since 1 January 2006, Migros Online has been a subsidiary of the Federation of Migros Cooperatives (MGB).
History
1997 to 2003
October 1997: LeShop SA was founded by young entrepreneurs Alain Nicod, Jesús Martín García, Rémi Walbaum, and Christian Wanner. It went online in April 1998 as Switzerland's first online supermarket, offering more than 1,500 dry grocery products and teaming up with the Swiss Post for home deliveries throughout the country.
In June 2000, subsidiaries were founded in Germany and Argentina. Both these were closed down again at a later date.
August 2001: Switzerland's first e-commerce logistics centre, planned and executed by LeShop.ch started operating in Bremgarten, Aargau. An exclusive partnership deal with ExpressPost ensured the timely delivery of orders.
December 2002: The Bon appétit Group, a majority shareholder of LeShop SA since October 2002, decided to refocus on its core business and announced the closure of LeShop.ch at the end of that month.
January 2003: LeShop.ch was saved when investment group ShoppingNet Holding SA together with the company's management acquired the LeShop.ch from the Bon appétit Group.
September 2003: Official announcement of the strategic partnership with Migros, initially without the financial participation by the Federation of Migros Cooperatives (Migros-Genossenschafts-Bund, MGB).
2004: Takeover
January 2004: When Migros closed down its own migros-shop.ch website, LeShop.ch took over the Migros product range as well as its customers.
2005 to 2012
In April 2006, LeShop.ch ended the first quarter of 2006 with the company's first ever operating profit. The Federation of Migros Cooperatives acquired an 80% share in LeShop SA, launching an investment programme for future development. In October 2006, the second LeShop.ch logistics centre was inaugurated by the then Trade Minister and Swiss Federal Councillor Doris Leuthard in Ecublens. The company's headquarters were also transferred to Ecublens, Vaud. After ten years' trading, LeShop.ch exceeded the turnover benchmark of CHF 100 million in November 2008.
In June 2009, LeShop.ch introduced the home delivery of frozen foods and developed a reusable cool box containing dry ice. An iPhone app was launched in January 2010. Cooperation with discount supermarket chain Denner, another subsidiary of Migros, began in August 2011, allowing customers to buy a range of popular Denner wines at LeShop.ch
In December 2011, LeShop.ch broke even, becoming one of the world's first profitable pure players in the online grocery business.
In July 2012, a special iPad app was launched. By April 2013, one in every three orders was being placed via iPad or iPhone, showing that mobile internet had established itself as a strong growth factor.
2013 to 2020
The first LeShop.ch DRIVE was opened in October 2012. The concept of on-location stocking with orders possible up to two hours before the collection of the goods was an innovation in the Swiss market.
In 2013, Dominique Locher succeeds Christian Wanner than CEO. Under his leadership, the first PickMup pick-up locations will open in 2015. LeShop.ch has plans to open a second DRIVE location in Staufen, Aargau, in the second half of 2014.
LeShop.ch ended 2013 with uninterrupted growth and a 6% or CHF9 million increase in turnover to CHF 158.1. LeShop.ch increased sales by CHF 7 million to CHF 165 million in 2014.
According to media reports, the opening of a second pilot DRIVE site, located in Staufen, Canton of Aargau (Switzerland) in September 2014, got off to a good start.
For the first time, the online supermarket is now available for the whole central region of German-speaking Switzerland. Also since 2014, about 300 eco-friendly Alnatura products can be ordered on LeShop.ch – the only Swiss supplier of this collection.
The trial launch of the pilot RAIL project with Swiss Federal Railways SBB was completed in 2014. The findings and experiences will be incorporated into the project's further development.
These innovations already led to positive business results in 2014. LeShop.ch continued to grow, with online sales of groceries reaching CHF 165 million. This is CHF 7 million or 4.4% more than the previous year. "The online business is growing at an above-average rate".
In 2015, sales at the online supermarket grew by 6,6% to a total of CHF 176 million. The number of employees grew to 308. The same year LeShop.ch began a pilot scheme involving eleven "PickMup collection points", allowing online customers to collect their pre-packed groceries the day after placing their orders. Income statement figures have so far not been published.
In early 2017, LeShop.ch introduced in-car delivery together with Volvo and Swiss Post. Customers can now use this service to have their purchases delivered directly to the trunk of their Volvo.
In November 2020 LeShop.ch changed its name to Migros Online.
Management and administration
At the end of September 2013, co-founder Christian Wanner handed over his responsibilities as CEO to Dominique Locher, who had been Sales and Marketing Director since 2000. Former Director of Finances and Human Resources, Sacha Herrmann, was appointed Chief Operating Officer and continues to support the Board in his new function. Christian Wanner remains on as a member of the Board of Directors.
Urs Schumacher took over the management of LeShop.ch as CEO on August 1, 2017, replacing Dominique Locher. COO Sacha Herrmann left the online supermarket at the end of September 2017. The search for a suitable successor was initiated. In October 2017, founder Christian Wanner also left the company. He was replaced as a director by Digitec co-founder Florian Teuteberg.
Katrin Tschannen took over the management of LeShop and "Migros Food Online" as CEO on 1 March 2020.
References
External links
Online retailers of Switzerland
Online grocers
Migros
Broadheath is an electoral ward of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, covering the Broadheath area of Altrincham, part of Timperley, and a small part of Sale.
Councillors
As of 2022, the councillors are Amy Whyte (Labour), Serena Carr (Labour), and Denise Western (Labour).
indicates seat up for re-election.
indicates by-election.
Elections in the 2020s
May 2022
May 2021
Elections in the 2010s
May 2019
May 2018
May 2017 (by-election)
May 2016
May 2015
May 2014
January 2014 (by-election)
May 2012
May 2011
May 2010
Elections in the 2000s
May 2008
May 2007
May 2006
May 2004
May 2003
May 2000
Elections in the 1990s
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1970s
References
External links
Trafford Council
Wards of Trafford
1974 establishments in England
St Patrick's College is a Roman Catholic boys' secondary school in New Zealand.
History
Founded by Archbishop Francis Redwood SM, St Patrick's opened on 1 June 1885 with nine day-boys and twelve boarders.
The College represents one of the earliest educational establishments of the Society of Mary (Marists), the religious congregation whose members accompanied Bishop Jean Baptiste Pompallier to New Zealand in 1838, and who played a prominent role in the establishment of the Catholic church in New Zealand. The first members of staff, Irish Marists who came principally from the Marist College at Dundalk, established a number of Marist colleges such as St Bede's College, Christchurch and St John's College, Hastings in New Zealand.
Plans in 1929 envisaged the College moving to a more suitable site at Silverstream in the Hutt Valley, but a high demand for education eventually led to a split in 1931: the original establishment continued and the boarding section moved to become St Patrick's College, Silverstream, thus allowing room for the expansion of day-student numbers on the Cambridge Terrace site in central Wellington city.
From that time the city college has borne the nickname "St Pat's Town". The two separate Colleges bearing the same name have developed a shared history and a healthy rivalry: they share the St Patrick's College Old Boy's Association also. In 1979, St Patrick's College shifted from its Cambridge Terrace site to a new facility near Kilbirnie Park in Evans Bay.
Sexual abuse of children
In Nov. 2020 Father Frank During SM was mentioned in the NZ Royal Commission of Inquiry into Abuse in Care hearings.
In 2018, the school stated to Radio New Zealand that it had “no records of sex abuse committed by a priest against boys.” The same article mentions that “some old boys of St Patrick's College Wellington have spoken of being molested by Father Fred (ed: Francis) Durning, who had top positions at the school in the 1940s, 1950s" and in the early 1980s. Father Durning left St Patrick's Silverstream in 1955 to become vice-rector at St Patrick's in Wellington. The Church has accepted that Durning was a known paedophile.
In 2016, St Pats alumni Father Peter Hercock was sentenced to 6 years and 7 months jail for rape and sexual abuse of four Wellington girls during the 1970s and 1980s.
In 2004, in connection with the trial of convicted paedophile and former Marist priest Alan Woodcock, New Zealand Police considered charging Father Fred Bliss and Father Michael “Vince” Curtain—both former staff members of St Patrick's College Wellington—with complicity in covering up Woodcock's sexual abuse of children at St Patrick's College Silverstream and having him moved on where he was able to continue abusing children. Woodcock was jailed for seven years in 2004 on 21 child sex offences. For related information see, Catholic Church sexual abuse cases in New Zealand.
In a 2002 article in the New Zealand Herald, a former Marist priest and St Pats staff member Chanel Houlahan, spoke out critically about the Church's approach to dealing with cases of sexual abuse, stating that he was "encouraged by the church's change of heart in confronting sexual abuse, but it now needs to be made safe for the people." The Catholic Church in New Zealand has yet to bring in external audits for child safety practices, two years after promising it would.
Educational Philosophy
St Patrick's College bases its education on Catholic and gospel values embodied in the Marist tradition and philosophy, which regards each student as a unique individual. The school fosters growth within a nurturing and sustaining environment in six facets: spiritual, academic, cultural, emotional, physical and social.
Day by day this means involving all students in religious-education classes, retreats, liturgies and masses designed as participative opportunities for a lively faith suited to the young and involving them at all stages from preparation to celebration.
The Church establishes the resources of the College to assist parents as the "first educators" of their children. The Marist approach to education sees this partnership between the College and parents as fundamental.
Foundational to this philosophy is the Catholic belief that God has created each person as a unique individual with a range of talents. Developing these gifts in the College community means that the school encourages each boy to do his best in every endeavour. The synthesis of this idea with the New Zealand and ANZAC spirit of attempting to achieve the best that can be in all circumstances is shared by many schools.
Sport
Aside from the winter and summer tournament weeks, major events on the calendar include:
Old Boys' Cup – Annual Athletics competition against brother college St Patrick's Silverstream. St Pat's Town has won 6 of the last 7 years, including 2013.
McEvedy Shield - Annual Athletics competition against 3 other colleges in the Wellington region including Rongotai College, Wellington College and St Patrick's Silverstream. The shield was donated in 1922 by Dr P F McEvedy.
1st XV Rugby Union season – Involving Rongotai College, Wellington College, Hato Paora College, St John's College, St Patrick's College Silverstream, Francis Douglas Memorial College and St Bedes College (2014 will be the first time the traditional has been played since the 1970s). The Traditional Rugby match between St Pat's Town and Wellington College is recognised as one of the great rivalries in New Zealand secondary school rugby, due to the fact that the two schools were, for nearly a century, in close proximity to each other by the Basin Reserve and also that it is one of the longest standing traditional fixtures in the country, having been played since 1885. As of 2010, Wellington College have won 75 matches, St Pat's have won 43 matches, with 8 matches being drawn. The first rugby game televised live in New Zealand was this traditional fixture, at Athletic Park on 27 June 1967, with St Pat's winning 9–8. The 100th match was drawn 3–3 in 1984.
St John's College Sports Exchange – Annual winter sports exchange between the two schools in rugby, basketball, soccer, hockey and badminton. The venue of this event alternates each year, i.e. In 2005 it was held at St Pat's and in 2006 it was held at St John's.
St Pat's Silverstream Sports Exchange – Annual winter sports exchange between the two schools in rugby, basketball, soccer, badminton, hockey and cross-country running. The venue of this event alternates each year, i.e. In 2005 it was held at St Pat's Silverstream and in 2006 it was held at St Pat's Town and so forth.
Wellington College Sports Exchange – Annual winter sports exchange involving the 1st XV rugby team and the 1st XI soccer team. The venue of this event alternates each year: in 2005 it took place at St Pat's Town and in 2006 at Wellington College.
St Pat's Town has produced 17 All Blacks, including two All Black captains, Maurice Brownlie and Jerry Collins. Others include E. Harper, G. McKenzie, T. Lynch, P. Markham, L. Brownlie, P. McCarthy, J. Blake, T. Corkill, A. Mahoney, J. Best (transferred to Silverstream in 1931), R. O'Callaghan, B. Finlay, and M. Berry (1st All Black from Kilbirnie site).
The St. Patrick's College Rugby Club formally became a member of the Wellington Rugby Football Union on 26 March 1886, with Messrs Saunders and McMahon the first Club delegates to the Union.
Culture
The college choir, Con Anima, were regular attendees of the national finale between 1999 – 2009. (They would usually receive Silver or Gold Awards) Con Anima, won the national platinum award in 2004. After a 6-year hiatus from making the national finale, Con Anima made the national finale in 2015 where they received a Silver award. In 2018, Con Anima qualified for the national finale where they received a Bronze award. The choir have produced five albums, and sing under the direction of HOD music, Roger Powdrell. Their most recent CD, Jubilation, was launched to commemorate the 125th Jubilee of St Patrick's College. The college has a proud history in the art of A cappella singing, with many significant national placings, including 3 national quartet championships, 3 national chorus championships and 2 chorus silver medals. Most recently, the quartet Fourth Inversion set an international secondary scoring record with an average score of 75.1 in 2015. The Saints Chorus are the three-time 2010, 2011 & 2013 NZ Male Chorus Champions. They attended the 2011 BHS International Youth Chorus Festival in Las Vegas, NV USA, where they placed in the Top 10 and were the highest placed secondary school chorus in this International Contest.
Notable alumni
The Arts
Geoff Cochrane – poet
Richard Farrell – classical pianist
Alex Galvin – film director
Michael Galvin – actor, most notably on Shortland Street
Pua Magasiva – actor
Robbie Magasiva – actor
Geoff Murphy – film director
Science
James Brontë Gatenby Professor of zoology and comparative anatomy at Trinity College, Dublin.
Athol Rafter (1913–1996) Teacher, nuclear chemist.
Public service
Paul Eagle – Labour member of parliament for Rongotai and former Deputy Mayor of Wellington
Chris Finlayson QC – National Party member of parliament, cabinet minister and Attorney-General of New Zealand
Louis Joseph "Lou" Gardiner , Chief of Army, 2006 to 2009.
Denis McGrath , Deputy Mayor of Wellington (1962–65)
Greg O'Connor - Labour member of parliament for Ohariu and former President of the New Zealand Police Association
Phillip O'Shea CNZM, LVO, KStJ – New Zealand Herald of Arms Extraordinary
Paul Swain QSO – former Labour member of parliament and cabinet minister
Religion
Thomas O'Shea SM – former archbishop of Wellington
John Rodgers SM – Vicar Apostolic of Tonga (1953–1957), Vicar Apostolic of Tonga and Niue (1957–1966), Bishop of Tonga (1966–1973), Bishop of Rarotonga (1973–1977), auxiliary bishop of Auckland (1977–1985), superior of the mission, Funafuti, Tuvalu (1986).
Thomas Williams – New Zealand cardinal, former archbishop of Wellington, patron of the college
Sport
Arnold Tancred – Wallaby 1927–28 and President of the New South Wales Rugby Union 1959.
Kosta Barbarouses – footballer (Wellington Phoenix FC, All Whites, Brisbane Roar FC)
Maurice Brownlie – rugby union player (All Blacks)
Tinoi Christie – footballer (All Whites)
Jerry Collins – rugby union player (Wellington Lions, Hurricanes, All Blacks)
Peter Delaney – New Zealand Olympic Rower (1964 Summer Olympics)
Lome Fa'atau – rugby union player (Wellington Lions, Hurricanes, Manu Samoa)
Alehana Mara – rugby league player (NZ Warriors)
Jonathan Millmow - cricketer (Black Caps, Wellington)
Gareth Paddison - professional golfer (PGA Tour of Australasia)
Quentin Rew – New Zealand Olympian (London Olympics)
Clayton Lewis – footballer (Scunthorpe United F.C., All Whites)
Matt Proctor – rugby union player (Wellington Lions, Hurricanes, All Blacks)
Liberato Cacace – footballer (Wellington Phoenix FC, All Whites)
Brian Lima – rugby union player (Auckland, Blues, Highlanders, Manu Samoa)
Other
Tipene O'Reagan – kaumatua of Ngāi Tahu
Sir Francis Renouf - New Zealand businessman
Notable staff
Francis Durning – paedophile priest
David Kennedy – priest, astronomer and educator
Paul Martin – coadjutor-archbishop
Notes
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05JwNKgrI6o
http://www.msprugby.co.nz/Site/College/default.aspx
Boys' schools in New Zealand
Educational institutions established in 1885
1885 establishments in New Zealand
Catholic secondary schools in the Wellington Region
Schools in Wellington City
Karachaganak Field (, Qarashyǵanaq munaı-gaz kondensat ken orny) is a gas condensate field about east of Aksay (Ақсай) in northwest Kazakhstan. It was once a massive Permian and Carboniferous reef complex covering an area . At its largest point, the reservoir contains a gas column deep with a deep oil rim below it. It is estimated to contain of gas and one billion tonnes of liquid condensate and crude oil. Discovered in 1979, it began production under Karachaganakgazprom, a subsidiary of Gazprom. In 1992, AGIP (now Eni) and British Gas were awarded sole negotiating rights, forming a partnership company. In 1997, Texaco (now Chevron Corporation) and Lukoil signed a 40-year production sharing agreement with the original two companies and the Kazakhstan government to develop the field for world markets. The agreement was turned under a partnership company known as Karachaganak Petroleum Operating (KPO) where Royal Dutch Shell and ENI are joint operators with a 29.25% stake each in the company, and with Chevron and Lukoil owning 18% and 13.5% respectively. In September 2009
the KPO filed an arbitration case against Kazakhstan.
The Republic of Kazakhstan appointed Maksat Idenov to lead the negotiations,
after which the arbitration was suspended towards an amicable settlement of the dispute
and KazMunayGas engaged in entrance into the project in 2010.
Under the terms of an agreement reached on December 14, 2011, the Republic of Kazakhstan has acquired through KazMunayGas a 10% stake for $2 billion cash and $1 billion non-cash consideration.
History
Located in the Uralsk Region of West Kazakhstan, it was discovered in 1979 by a well drilled to investigate a structural high detected during a reinterpretation of 2D seismic shot between 1970 and 1971. Production began in 1984 under the operatorship of Karachaganakgazprom. Limited quantities of gas and condensate were exported to Russia via pipelines and to the processing facilities at Orenburg. On 3 October 2006, Kazakhstan and Russia signed an agreement to create a joint venture on the basis of Orenburg gas processing plant for processing gas from the Karachaganak field.
Phase 1
The phase began with three wells penetrating into the Permian formations of the reservoir. Once produced to surface the gas and oil were separated before being piped to Orenburg where further processing was undertaken. This was partially due to the sour nature of the gas, with a hydrogen sulphide content of 3.5-5.0% and carbon dioxide content of 5%. Karachaganckgazprom also maintained a policy of full gas voidage replacement to maintain pressure of the reservoir above the dew point. By 1990, approximately 200 vertical wells had been drilled in Karachaganak reaching a peak production plateau of per day of gas and of oil, before beginning to decline in 1992.
Phase 2
Beginning in 2000 under the operatorship of Karachaganak Petroleum Operating (KPO), the field went under a redevelopment program. This involved an investment of over US$1 billion into the construction and enhancement of existing facilities, new gas and liquid processing and gas injection facilities, a workover program consisting of 100 existing wells, a 120 MW power station for the facilities, and connection to the Caspian Pipeline Consortium via a line to Atyrau. This phase was officially completed in 2004, allowing for the production handling of per day of gas and of oil.
Reservoir properties
Production
In January - June 2005, of gas was recovered, and 5.7 million tons of liquid hydrocarbons was produced.
Overall, it is planned to recover about 300 million tons of liquid hydrocarbons and natural gas during the contract period.
One current production issue facing the field is the increasing amount of gas of which a large amount is sour. As the export facilities of the project are not fully developed, most of this gas is being recycled back into the reservoir until it can be exported profitably.
Field reserves
It is estimated that the Karachaganak field contains 1.236 billion tonnes of liquids and of natural gas in place ( of oil equivalent).
Geology
The Karachaganak Field is one of the world's largest gas condensate fields. It is located in the Pre-Caspian (or North Caspian) Basin, which extends from the southeastern margin of the Russian Platform down to the northern coast of the Caspian Sea, and includes the offshore Caspian Sea north of about 44° N. The North Caspian is a pericratonic depression of Late Proterozoic-Early Paleozoic age. Sediments in the basin are up to thick in places. The basin is subdivided into numerous zones by large salt domes, and the primary salt layer, the Permian Kungurian salt, separates strata vertically into subsalt and suprasalt layers. The basin is bounded to the east by the Hercynian Ural Mountains and to the southeast and south by other orogenic belts. In the north, the basin lies on the flank of the Voronezh Massif in the west and the Volga-Ural Platform in the north. Numerous oil and gas fields have been discovered in this region in addition to Karachaganak, such as Astrakhan, Tengiz and Zhanazhol Fields.
The field consists of a heterogeneous carbonate massif with strata from three geologic periods and numerous stages of deposition during these periods. The following have been identified:
Permian: Kungurian, Artinskian, Sakmarian, Asselian
Carboniferous: Serpukhovian, Visean, Tournaisian
Devonian: Famennian
The depositional setting of the field is also varied. On the basis of core sample analysis and seismic studies the following depositional settings have been identified: limestone, talus, normal marine, shallow marine, inner reef lagoon, reef core, relatively deep water, slope, and anhydrite.
The variation of deposition is due to the long period over which the Karachaganak structure was formed. From the Late Devonian to the middle Carboniferous the field was an atoll, over which in the Early Permian a system of reefs were built. At its greatest the reservoir is 1.5 km thick. This type of reservoir structure has been seen in analogous fields including Kenkiyak, Zhanazhol, Tengiz, and possibly Astrakhan fields. A west-east cross-section through Karachaganak resembles the twin humps of a camel, indicating two separate reef highs.
Likewise, the large variation of deposition has led to four different types of carbonate cores in the structure: biothermal, biomorphic detrital, organo-clastic, and biochemogenic. Of these biomorphic detrital are the most common followed by biothermal rock types. However, estimates of their volumes range from 30-90% for the former and 10-60% for the latter.
Oil and gas migration
As with other reservoirs in the North Caspian (Pricaspian) Basin, it is thought that the Karachaganak reservoir was filled over multiple stages, the first of which began during late Paleozoic time with the formation of oil pools. As the basin began to subside, gas was generated and migrated to the traps. The gassiness of the reservoirs is determined by their location in the basin. Northern reservoirs tend to be wet; the southwest part of the basin is more gas prone than are the east and southeast.
Berezovka controversy
Since 2002, residents from the village located closest to the Karachaganak Field have been campaigning for relocation and compensation. The villagers, led by the local organization Zhasil Dala (Green Steppe), maintain that they are suffering a host of illnesses and environmental degradation due to exposure to toxic emissions from the Karachaganak Field, situated five kilometers away.
Independent Bucket Brigade air monitoring conducted by the villagers from September 2004 to August 2005 registered more than 25 toxic substances in the air, including hydrogen sulfide, methylene chloride, carbon disulfide, toluene, and acrylonitrile. In 2005, Karachaganak's regional environmental authority temporarily revoked the operating license of KPO B.V. due to environmental violations, including emitting 56 thousand tons of toxic waste in the atmosphere in 2004, improper storage of toxic solid waste on the field, and dumping toxic effluent into the water table. The consortium was found to have dumped an excess of waste in 2008, resulting in a $21 million fine in early 2010.
The villagers contend that they should have been relocated upon the start of field operations as Kazakhstani law stipulates a five-kilometer Sanitary Protection Zone (SPZ) around the field. However, in 2003, the government reduced the SPZ to three kilometers, effectively barring the villagers from relocation. After three years of protest from the villagers, Kazakhstan's Public Prosecutor found the 2003 decision to reduce the SPZ to be illegal, and the five-kilometer SPZ was reinstated in 2006.
However, the village has not been relocated.
In 2002, the private sector arm of the World Bank Group, the International Finance Corporation (IFC), provided $150 million in loans to Lukoil for development of the Karachaganak Field. These loans were repaid by Lukoil in January 2009.
From 2004 to 2008, three complaints were filed with the IFC's Compliance Advisor/Ombudsman's office regarding the IFC's violations of its own environmental standards in financing the Karachaganak Field.
One of the complaints results in a report by the Auditor, published in April 2008, which documented numerous instances of non-compliance with IFC standards at Karachaganak. One of the revelations was that no results for hydrogen sulfide monitoring had been reported between 2003 and 2006—years during which the Berezovka residents maintain they were suffering health problems due to hydrogen sulfide exposure.
Zhasil Dala works in partnership on this campaign with the US-based environmental justice organization Crude Accountability and the Kazakhstani Ecological Society Green Salvation, among others.
See also
Natural gas processing
Natural gas condensate
Oil and gas basins of Kazakhstan
References
Kazakhstan's Gas: Export Markets and Export Routes, by Shamil Yenikeyeff, Oxford Institute for Energy Studies, November 2008
External links
Karachaganak Petroleum Operating Homepage
BG Group - Kazakhstan
ENI - Kazakhstan
Chevron - Eurasia
Lukoil - International Exploration
Caspian Pipeline Consortium
Crude Accountability
Green Salvation
Karachaganak and the Future of Petrochemical Industry in Kazakhstan
Oil fields of Kazakhstan
Natural gas fields in Kazakhstan
Oil fields of the Soviet Union
Chevron Corporation oil and gas fields
Lukoil oil and gas fields
Natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
Fair Head or Benmore (; The Great Cliff) is a long, high, mountain cliff, close to the sea, at the north-eastern corner of County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The cliff's sheer and vertical high dolerite rock face is shaped into distinctive vertical columns like organ pipes, which formed 60 million years ago when a sill of igneous rock was injected between horizontal Carboniferous sediments.
Fair Head is considered one of the best traditional climbing and bouldering locations in the British Isles, and is one of the biggest expanses of climbable rock in Northwest Europe. It has one of the largest concentration of extreme-graded routes in the British Isles, and has climbs at E9-grade (e.g. Rathin Effect), as well as highball problems at E9-grade (e.g. Long runs the Fox), and bouldering at grade (e.g. Blondie SDS).
Geography
The headland of Fair Head rises above the sea, and extends for over . The dolerite rock face is over high in places. Wild goats can be seen roaming among the rocks beneath the clifftops, where a walkway called The Grey Man's Path winds around the rugged coastline. From the road above the cliff, a man-made Iron Age island or crannóg can be seen in the middle of a lake, Lough na Cranagh. The lakes are stocked with trout and can be fished during the summer months. All of the land at Fair Head is private farmland, and not owned by the National Trust (who own the land to the east of the headland). Access is by the goodwill of local farm owners. Fair Head is the closest headland to Rathlin Island.
Fair Head's rock formations appear on the 2nd century Ptolemy's map of Ireland from Ptolemy's Geography, described as a point called Ῥοβόγδιον (Rhobogdiun) (cf the Pictish Robogdii tribe), which academics believe is Fair Head. The name may derive from the Proto-Celtic root *bogd, "bend".
Fair Head (and the neighboring Murlough Bay) are classed as an area of special scientific interest (ASSI), and are on the register of Antrim ASSI.
Geology
Fair Head is a sill of Palaeogene age that is the thickest and most extensive of the various sills from the plateau lavas of northeast Ireland. A sill is a tabular body of what was once molten rock that was injected into horizontal rocks (usually well-bedded sedimentary strata). Fair Head's sill is thick at its maximum, and consists of columnar-jointed dolerite rock (a medium-grained igneous rock compositionally equivalent to finer-grained basalt) showing crystals of olivine, that intruded into Carboniferous sediments in the north of the outcrop circa 60 million years ago. At the north end of Murlough Bay, a substantial sill (the Binnagapple sill) appears below the main Fair Head sill, separated by of Carboniferous shales.
Despite the thickness, the heat from the Fair Head sill did not alter the underlying Triassic sandstone, however, shales have been converted to hornfels extending up to from the contact. The distinctive columnar jointing of the dolerite rock is the result of stresses caused by the cooling and solidifying of the melt, and there are minor crush zones associated with later compression. Although the cliff face is stable, weathering has periodically toppled some columns producing blocks of massive dimensions on the scree below. Geologists record that even major storms barely disturb these blocks (e.g. unlike the limestone blocks at Ailladie in Clare), and thus the scree may be little changed since the late-glacial period.
Rock climbing
Reputation and ethics
The 2014 Fair Head guidebook, its 6th edition, lists over 430 routes mostly from grade VS 4b up to E6 6b, and the current climbing databases list over 445 routes at grades up to E9 6c. Fair Head is not regarded as an ideal crag for novice climbers, and the long nature of the routes (averaging over 50 metres, with many up to 100 metres), the requirement for long and intimidating abseils for access in many areas, and the high concentration of E-grade climbs, means that it is ideally a crag for intermediate and even more for expert-level climbers. There have been fatalities at the crag. An annual Fair Head Climbing Meet is held over the first weekend of June for all climbers.
The cliffs abound in well-protected steep crack climbing, between one and four pitches in length, with routes that range from under to over . Many of the cracks involve hand-jamming (and even full-body jamming), and some climbers tape their hands to protect the skin from the "Fair Head rash". Some routes involve off-width or full-width chimneying, which is not often encountered in other Irish crags. As with all Irish crags, Fair Head is a traditional climbing area with no bolted or sport climbing routes allowed; the Mountaineering Ireland guidebook states that any newly placed manufactured bolts will be removed.
Fair Head is considered one of the best climbing venues in the British Isles, and is compared to Stanage for the scale of routes, particularly at E-grade. Fair Head is noted for the variation in its climbing sections from the westerly-facing sea-cliff walls like the Rathlin Wall, to the cold dark mountain-like north faces of White Lightning Amphitheatre and Grey Man's Path, which have been compared to Clogwyn Du'r Arddu. Climbing author David Flanagan called it "the jewel in the crown of Irish climbing". Climbing ranked Above and Beyond (E6 6b) in its top-5 E6-grade climbs, and Born to Run E4 (6a, 5c, 5c) in its top-5 E4-grade climbs, in the Brish Isles.
Layout
Fair Head is one of the largest rock climbing crags in the British Isles, stretching to over 5-kilometers. The individual sections can have a very different feel and character, ranging from dry westerly faces to cold dark northerly faces. The main sectors (and subsectors) are (east to west):
Small Crag is a 10–20m high sector with almost 70 climbs, most of which are at VS to HVS grade, which stretches for 1-kilometre above a forested hillside; the difficulty of access means that abseiling in is recommended. Together with infestations of midges, this makes the sector unpopular, in spite of the quality of climbing. Further east is the small The Middle Crag with a handful of 20–25m E1 climbs accessed by abseil from in-situ stakes.
Main Crag is 3-kilometers long, 100m tall, with several sub-sections (see below). While many routes are accessed by long abseil (up to 100m), there are two descent gullies at either end, but 3-kilometres apart, the "Grey Man's Path Gully" (east end) and "Ballycastle Descent Gully" (west end).
Binnagapple Area has 30 routes on clean lichen-free rock (as it absorbs the early-morning sun) but is less frequented as most routes are graded E2 to E4, and it requires a long abseil for access; it has some of the best-regarded multi-pitch E-grade routes, Toby Jug (E1 5a, 5b), Hurricane (E2 5b, 5b), and Sandpiper (E2 5c, 5a), and extremes like Track of the Cat (E4 6a) and The Dark Side (E8 6c).
Grey Man's Path has almost 30 routes but is less popular, despite its easier access via the gully, as the cliff is windy and the rock slow to dry; the section is noted for Burn Up (HVS 5a, 5a), described as the "hall of fame HVS of the crag" and which has a dramatic "throne belay".
White Lightning Amphitheatre is a vast open bay usually accessed via an 85m abseil, with over 20 routes mostly graded E3 to E4, including Born to Run E4 (6a, 5c, 5c), described as "one of the best routes in Ireland", and ranked in the "5 Best E4-graded routes in the UK".
An Bealach Rúnda area (including Terraces) is over 30 routes, some requiring body-jamming and multi-pitch route finding, accessed via a 90m abseil down An Goban Saor; An Bealach Rúnda (E1 5a, 5b, 5a) is one of the most popular climbs in Fair Head, with Blockbuster (E2 5c, 4c, 5b) well regarded, however, most other routes are above the E3-grade, with An Bealach Eile at E8 6c.
Rathlin Wall is a 40–100m high west-facing wall with easy access to over 35 single and multi-pitch extreme climbs that include some of the best-regarded E2 (e.g. Equinox, Blind Phew, Mizen Star) to E4 (Face Value) and E5 (The Mask) graded climbs in Fair Head, as well as some of the most extreme climbs at Fair Head including Complete Scream (E8 6b), and The Big Skin (E8 6c).
Wall of Prey is a wall between Rathlin Wall and Hell's Kitchen that contains over 10 climbs the easiest of which is Wall of Prey (E5 6b), and which includes Above and Beyond (E6 6b), ranked in the "5 Best E6-graded climbs in the UK", Below and Behold (E7 6c), and Rathlin Effect (E9 6c), the crag's first E9.
Ballycastle Descent Gully (East & West) is one of the most popular areas after The Prow given the ease of access, westerly aspect, and quality VS and HVS options, with Aoife (VS 4b, 4b), Girona (VS 4c, 4c), and Hell's Kitchen (HVS 5a, 5a), some of the most popular climbs in Fair Head.
The Prow is the most popular climbing section in Fair Head – and particularly for first-time visitors to dolerite crack and corner climbing routes – with over 40 easily accessible and mostly west-facing routes that are generally linear single-pitch crack climbs of 20–60m in length, and which include several of Fair Head's best-regarded climbs in the VS (e.g. The Black Thief, The Fence) and E1 (Midnight Cruiser, Railroad and Fireball) range.
Farrangandoo crag is an amphitheatre-shaped sector that has over 30 routes covering a range of lengths (mostly 25–45m) and grades (from VS to E2), with Pangur Ban (HVS 5a), and Crib Pad Crack (E1 5b) (including the E3 6a Crib Direct), being the most popular routes.
Marconi's Cove is a small crag about 500m away that gets a lot of afternoon sun, and contains about 30 shorter (by Fair Head standards) 20–25m single-pitch climbs from VS to E3, on more open face climbing, with Soundman (E3 5c) and Distant Voices (E3 5c) being the most regarded.
Access
Fair Head crag is on private property and is part of the McBride family farm, a working farm the McBride family has operated for over three centuries, but access is given. The eastern side of Murlough Bay is part of the National Trust. The McBride's "Sean's Farm" car park is near to the Ballycastle Descent Gully area, while the "National Trust" car park is closer to the Grey Man's Path Gully. From either car park, it takes about 15 minutes to reach the top of the crag. Fair Head's eastern end (the Small Crag, and the Murlough Bay bouldering area) can be approached from the Murlough Bay car park.
The two main descent options to the base of the crag by foot are the popular Ballycastle Descent Gully, and the less popular Grey Man's Path Gully. Walking along the base of the Fair Head crag for any distance is not recommended as the terrain makes it time-consuming and very unpleasant, and therefore for routes in the middle of the crag that are far from the two descent gullies, a 100m abseil rope is advised (with a knot tied at the end of it for safety); several of the main routes have large boulders or metal stakes as abseil points. Climbers can stay at the crag in "Sean's Farm", where the McBride family offer basic temporary camping and some lodging facilities (including a camping barn) for a fee, while more extensive accommodation, including a hostel, can be found in nearby Ballycastle.
Climbing history
The first climbs at Fair Head were done in the mid-1960s by Belfast-based climbers and members of the Dublin-based Spillikin Club. Most of these climbs followed loose and dirty chimneys and are rarely repeated today, however, by the end of the sixties development of the crag had started in earnest. Development slowed during the height of the troubles in the early 1970s, but development picked up again in the late seventies, led by the husband-and-wife team of Calvin Torrans and Clare Sheridan, and a number of other Dublin climbers. This small band devoted themselves to developing Fair Head, founded the Dal Riada Climbing Club (named after the ancient kingdom which included this area), and acquired a climbing hut nearby to accommodate themselves and other visiting climbers.
Bouldering
Fair Head also contains over 511 bouldering problems, with a concentration in the boulder fields that have accumulated in Murlough Bay area (east side of the crag) and at the base of the Ballycastle Descent area (west side). These dolerite boulders have fallen off the cliffs above and the general required style is described as "steep, crimpy and powerful", with a caution that excess bouldering mats are needed to handle the poor landing areas due to the density of the strewn boulder fields. Rob Hunter, with his wife Veronica, is credited with developing the venue, and their 2012 guidebook listed over 450 routes from grade to .
In 2020, Hunter created the first route by adding a sit-down-start (SDS) to Dan Varian's problem, Blondie. Classic extreme problems include Varian's Blondie and Glen Ross , which Varian describes as one of his best-ever climbing moments. and also Ricky Bell's Gentleman's Arete , and Spindle SDS on the distinctive Hanging Rock boulder. Extreme highball bouldering problems include The Big Black (E7 6c), and Ricky Bell's 2015 free solo of the boulder slab Long Runs the Fox (E9 6c) in the Murlough Bay.
In 2012, Irish climbing author David Flanagan, ranked Fair Head as one of the best bouldering locations in Ireland, just behind Glendalough in Wicklow. In a 2017 video review for Rock & Ice magazine, British boulder Dan Turner called it one of the best locations in the British Isles, and "Britain's answer to Magic Wood in Switzerland".
In popular culture
Fair Head is used as a location in Season 7 of Game of Thrones, in Episode 3 The Queen's Justice, and Episode 5 Eastwatch.
Filmography
Ricky Bell and others in Ailladie (Clare) and Fair Head (Antrim):
Ricky Bell on Below and Behold (E7 6c) on Rathlin Wall:
See also
Ailladie, major rock climbing limestone sea-cliff in County Clare
Dalkey Quarry, major rock climbing granite quarry in Dublin
Notes
References
Climbing bibliography
External links
Irish climbing.ie, Fair Head Online Database
UK climbing.com, Fair Head Online Database
Fair Head: Possibly The Best Trad Crag In The World | Climbing Daily Ep.950, EpicTV (June 2017)
Ricky Bell solos Long Runs The Fox E9 6c, EpicTV (June 2015)
Climbing areas of Ireland
Headlands of County Antrim
Areas of Special Scientific Interest in County Antrim
Northern Ireland coast
Rock formations of Northern Ireland
Geology of Northern Ireland
Sills (geology)
Paleogene volcanism
Paleogene Ireland
Geotourism in the United Kingdom
Tourist attractions in County Antrim
Mehmet Ufuk Uras (; born January 4, 1959 in Üsküdar, Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish libertarian politician and economist.
Biography and political career
Uras graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Istanbul University and began working as an academician at the same institution. A former leader of the now-defunct University Lecturers' Union (Öğretim Elemanları Sendikası), he was elected the chairman of Freedom and Solidarity Party (ÖDP) in 1996. Uras resigned from the leadership after the 2002 general election. He became the party chairman again in 2007.
2007 elections and after
Uras ran a successful campaign an independent and a "common candidate of the Left" within the Thousand Hopes alliance, backed by Kurdish-based Democratic Society Party and several left-wing, environmentalist and pro-peace groups in the 2007 general election, polling 81,486 votes, which is approximately 4 per cent of the vote in his constituency. After having elected as an independent to the parliament he rejoined the ÖDP.
He was removed from his post as the ÖDP party leader in 2009, when his opponent Hayri Kozanoğlu was elected. He resigned from the Freedom and Solidarity Party on 19 June 2009.
After the Democratic Society Party was dissolved in December 2009 and two of its MPs were banned from politics for five years, he joined forces with the remaining Kurdish MPs in the Peace and Democracy Party group, giving them the twenty seats necessary to retain their position as a parliamentary party.
Post-parliamentarian political life
Uras did not run in the 2011 general election. On 25 November 2012, he became a co-founder and member of Greens and the Left Party of the Future, founded as a merger of the Greens and the Equality and Democracy Party.
Personal life
Uras is married to ballet dancer and choreographer Zeynep Tanbay.
Uras has a son named Deniz from a former marriage.
Books
ÖDP Söyleşileri, 1999, Istanbul: Alan.
Başka Bir Siyaset Mümkün, 2003, Istanbul: İthaki.
İdeolojilerin Sonu mu?, 2004, Istanbul: Çiviyazıları.
Sezgiciliğin Sonu mu?, 2005, Istanbul: Devin.
Siyaset Yazıları, 2005, Istanbul: Alan.
Alternatif Siyaset Arayışları, 2005, Istanbul: İthaki.
"Kurtuluş Savaşı'nda Sol", 2007, İstanbul: Altın Kitaplar.
"Sokaktan Parlamentoya Özgürlükçü Siyaset İçin Notlar", 2008, İstanbul: Su Yayınları.
"Söz Meclisten Dışarı", 2010, Ankara: Penta Yayınları.
"Meclis Notları", 2013, İstanbul: Pencere Yayınları.
"Velhasıl",2018, İstanbul, Doğan Kitap.
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Üsküdar
Istanbul University alumni
Istanbul University faculty
Turkish economists
Turkish non-fiction writers
Libertarian socialists
Kadıköy Anadolu Lisesi alumni
Democratic Regions Party politicians
Turkish socialists
Deputies of Istanbul
Leaders of political parties in Turkey
Members of the 23rd Parliament of Turkey
Saint-Gérard-des-Laurentides (Canada 1996 Census population 2,155) is a community in the Canadian province of Quebec. Formerly a separate parish municipality in the Le Centre-de-la-Mauricie Regional County Municipality, it has been one of the seven sectors of the city of Shawinigan since the municipal amalgamation of January 1, 2002.
Neighbourhoods in Shawinigan
Former municipalities in Quebec
Former towns in Canada
Populated places disestablished in 2002
State Route 178 (SR-178) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. Spanning just in Payson, it connects Interstate 15 to SR-198.
Route description
State Route 178, a minor arterial connector, starts at Interstate 15's southbound ramp for exit 248, a diamond interchange. The route proceeds east on 800 South, over the interchange, continuing through Payson until terminatining at SR-198.
History
State Route 178 was added to the state highway system in 2000 in exchange for transferring ownership of the western portion of SR-147 from the Utah Department of Transportation to the city of Payson, as SR-178 connected to Interstate 15 and would be a more appropriate road for the state highway system. No changes have been made to the highway since.
Major intersections
References
178
178
Streets in Utah
Scopulariopsis is a genus of anamorphic fungi that are saprobic and pathogenic to animals. The widespread genus contains 22 species. Scopulariopsis belongs to the group Hyphomycetes. These species are commonly found in soil, decaying wood, and various other plant and animal products. In indoor environment Scopulariopsis is found on dry walls, cellulose board, wallpaper, wood, and mattress dust. Species of Scopulariopsis have also been isolated from carpets, hospital floors, swimming pools, wooden food packing, shoes and wood pulp. Scopulariopsis species are sometimes encountered growing on meat in storage. Some of the common species are S. brevicaulis, S. brumptii, S. candida and S. asperula.
References
Sordariomycetes genera
Microascales
Taxa described in 1907
The 1954–55 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 16th season of ice hockey in Norway. Seven teams participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1954 in Norwegian sport
1955 in Norwegian sport
Brook House may refer to:
in England
Brook House, former home of Lord Louis Mountbatten on Park Lane, London
Brook House F.C., a non-league football club in Hayes, now known as A.F.C. Hayes
Brook House Immigration Removal Centre at Gatwick Airport
A listed building in Blockley, Gloucestershire
in the United States
Brook Ramble, Townsend, Delaware, listed on the NRHP in New Castle County, Delaware
Brook Hall, Abingdon, Virginia, listed on the NRHP in Washington County, Virginia
See also
Brookhouse (disambiguation)
Brook Farm (disambiguation)
Brooks House (disambiguation)
Associazione Calcio Fiorentina had its best season for a long time, finishing tied for third in Serie A, plus winning the Coppa Italia following a clear double victory over Atalanta in the final. Strengthened by Stefan Schwarz and Michele Serena, Fiorentina were able to concede fewer goals than previously, but even though Rui Costa and Gabriel Batistuta continued their special partnership, the goals did not come with such ease as the year before.
Players
Transfers
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
Second round
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
Players statistics
Goalscorers
Gabriel Batistuta 19 (2)
Francesco Baiano 11 (1)
Anselmo Robbiati 6
Giacomo Banchelli 4
Rui Costa 4 (1)
References
ACF Fiorentina seasons
Fiorentina
Cornelius Hankins (1863-1946) was an American painter. He painted agrarian landscapes of Tennessee and portraits of Confederate veterans and politicians.
Early life
Cornelius Hankins was born on July 12, 1863, in Itawamba County, Mississippi. His father was Edward Locke Hankins and his mother, Annie Mary McFadden.
Career
Hankins moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where he was taught painting by Edwin M. Gardner, an art teacher and painter. By 1897, he taught at the Richmond Art Club in Richmond, Virginia. Meanwhile, he began exhibiting his work. By March 1902, his paintings were exhibited at the University Club in Nashville. A decade later, in November 1912, they were exhibited at the Centennial Club.
Hankins painted a portrait of Sumner Archibald Cunningham, the founder of the Confederate Veteran. He also painted a portrait of Caroline Meriwether Goodlett, the founding president of the United Daughters of the Confederacy. Additionally, he painted a portrait of Confederate General Robert E. Lee for the Tennessee General Assembly in 1901. He also did 15 portraits for the Shelby County Courthouse in Memphis, Tennessee. He went on to do portraits of Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest, Admiral Albert Gleaves, Senator William B. Bate, Governor Albert H. Roberts and Governor Benton McMillin.
Some of Hankins's portraits were donated by Confederate veteran or university alumni groups to public and private institutions. For example, Hankins painted a portrait of Confederate General Benjamin F. Cheatham for the Frank Cheatham Bivouac of the Association of Confederate Soldiers, who unveiled it in the Tennessee State Chamber and placed it in the Tennessee State Library in 1904. He also painted a portrait of Julia A. Sears, a founding faculty member of the Peabody College for Teachers (now part of Vanderbilt University), which was placed in the chapel in 1904. Additionally, Hankins painted a portrait of William Lofland Dudley, the founding dean of the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine; it was donated by local alumni to Vanderbilt University in 1915.
According to the Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture, "At the time of his death, nine of his portraits were hanging in the Tennessee State Capitol, six in the Alabama State Capitol, two in the Mississippi State Capitol, and one in the Louisiana State Capitol."
Personal life
Hankins married Maude McGehee. They had two daughters, Eleanor Hankins, known professionally as Hank Fort, who became a renowned singer, and Dorothy Churchill Hankins Wood.
Death
Hankins died on May 12, 1946, in Nashville, Tennessee. He was buried at the Mount Olivet Cemetery.
References
1863 births
1946 deaths
People from Itawamba County, Mississippi
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Painters from Tennessee
American portrait painters
American landscape painters
Painters from Mississippi
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
American male painters
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
People born in the Confederate States
is a Japanese actress, voice actress, and singer from Tokyo who is affiliated with Suns Entertainment. She is known for her role as Maya Tendō in the multimedia franchise Revue Starlight. In 2005, her song was used as the opening to the anime series Kamichu!
Career
Tomita was born in Tokyo on June 1, 1987. She began her career in the entertainment industry in 1993. She would then appear in television series, films and stage plays. She also released three gravure DVDs between 2003 and 2004.
In 2005, she made her debut as a musician with the release of the single ; the title song was used as the opening theme to the anime series Kamichu!. In 2006, she released the song "Ma Mo Ru!", which was used as the opening theme to the anime series Mamoru-kun ni Megami no Shukufuku o!, and the song "Happy Flight", which was used as the opening theme to the anime series Galaxy Angel Rune. She released an album titled M in 2007.
In 2017, she was cast as the character Maya Tendō in the multimedia franchise Revue Starlight, initially playing the character in the project's stage plays and later reprising the role for its 2018 anime adaptation.
Filmography
Anime
2018
Revue Starlight as Maya Tendō
References
External links
Agency profile
1987 births
Actresses from Tokyo
Living people
Japanese women musicians
Japanese stage actresses
Japanese voice actresses
The Halifax Waterfront Boardwalk is a public footpath located on the Halifax Harbour waterfront in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Constructed of durable heavy timber, the Halifax boardwalk is open to the public 24 hours a day. The boardwalk also includes shops at Bishop's Landing and the Historic Properties buildings as well as the "Cable Wharf", a former cable ship terminal now used as a tour boat base for several vessels formerly including Theodore Too. A fleet of tugboats operated from the tug wharves at the foot of Salter Street for over a hundred years, including the famous tug but in 2010 the last tugs such as were transferred to Port Hawkesbury. The final working vessels to regularly operate from the waterfront were pilot boats which were based at a small pier at the foot of Sackville Street, but in late 2020 their base moved to a wharf in Dartmouth near the foot of the Macdonald Bridge. The former tug and pilotage wharves have since been partially demolished and refurbished to make way for new public amenities.
The boardwalk's southern terminus is at Halifax Seaport. It stretches northwards along the coast for approximately before it terminates in front of Casino Nova Scotia at its northern terminus. Three notable museums are located on the waterfront. The Pier 21 immigration museum is located at the southern terminus. The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic at the boardwalk's centre and includes the museum ship . Just south of Acadia is the summer home of the museum ship .
The waterfront boardwalk is administered by the Waterfront Development Corporation Limited, a provincial crown corporation located at the Cable Wharf.
Points of interest
Ordered from north to south:
Casino Nova Scotia
Purdy's Wharf
Marriott Harbourfront Hotel
Historic Properties (Halifax)
Water Street Ferry Terminal
Murphy's on the Water and the Cable Wharf
Maritime Museum of the Atlantic
Sackville Landing
(summer months)
Tug wharves and Foundation Franklin monument
Bishop's Landing
Nova Scotia Power Headquarters
Halifax Seaport
Samuel Cunard Monument
Halifax Farmers' Market
NSCAD University (Port Campus)
Garrison Brewery
Cruise ship terminal
Pier 21 (home to the Canadian Museum of Immigration)
Cunard Centre (events centre)
Future developments
There are still several vacant lots along the waterfront. The Queen's Landing project, under construction, will fill in a large empty space between the Ferry Terminal and the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic. Other planned projects include Sackville Landing as well as the Salter Street Block Parking Lot redevelopment, which includes parks, a winter garden, a hotel, retail, and condominiums.
References
Home and Abroad. Halifax Waterfront Boardwalk
Buildings and structures in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Tourist attractions in Halifax County, Nova Scotia
Redeveloped ports and waterfronts in Canada
Phelsuma roesleri, also known commonly as Rösler's day gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar.
Etymology
The specific name, roesleri, is in honor of German herpetologist Herbert Rösler (born 1952).
Geographic range
P. roesleri is found in the Diana Region of extreme northern Madagascar.
Habitat
The natural habitat of P. roesleri is forest at an altitude of .
Description
Small for its genus, the maximum recorded snout-to-vent length (SVL) for P. roesleri is , and the maximum recorded total length (including tail) is .
References
Further reading
Glaw F, Gehring P-S, Köhler J, Franzen M, Vences M (2010). "A new dwarf species of day gecko, genus Phelsuma, from the Ankarana pinnacle karst in northern Madagascar". Salamandra 46 (2): 83–92. (Phelsuma roesleri, new species).
Glaw F, Rösler H (2015). "Taxonomic check list of the day geckos of the genera Phelsuma Gray, 1825 and Rhoptropella Hewitt, 1937 (Squamata: Gekkonidae)". Vertebrate Zoology 65 (2): 247–283. (Phelsuma roesleri, p. 269).
Phelsuma
Geckos of Africa
Reptiles of Madagascar
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2010
Taxa named by Frank Glaw
Taxa named by Miguel Vences
Yolanthe Cabau ( Cabau van Kasbergen; 19 March 1985) is a Spanish-Dutch actress, model and television host.
Early life
Cabau was born on the Spanish island of Ibiza. Her father, Xavier Cabau (1954–2007), was Spanish, while her mother, Richarda "Rici" van Kasbergen, is Dutch. Xavier Cabau was a wealthy entrepreneur known as the "King of Ibiza", who owned several discothèques, restaurants, and bars. Cabau's childhood in Spain was marked by domestic violence, after her father experienced financial problems and became addicted to drugs. When she was five years old, her mother moved with her children to her native Netherlands. She has seven siblings, as well as five half-siblings from her father's second marriage. After graduating from high school at the age of 17, Cabau decided to pursue an acting career.
Career
Cabau appeared in the Dutch productions Snowfever (2004) and Costa! (2005). From 2005 to 2008, she had a recurring role in the soap opera Onderweg naar morgen. In 2006, Cabau starred in the short film Turkse chick, which was nominated for a Gouden Kalf, the Dutch equivalent of an Academy Award. The film contained a controversial sex scene to which Cabau received public backlash. She later admitted that she regrets doing the scene. A real-life WAG, she appeared in the third season of the dramedy Voetbalvrouwen, similar to the British series Footballers' Wives. In 2006, 2007, and 2009, Cabau was voted the "Sexiest Dutch Woman" by the Dutch FHM.
Personal life
Cabau was dating singer Jan Smit from January 2007 til May 2009. They ended their relationship a few days after Cabau was photographed with football player Wesley Sneijder. They were married on 17 July 2010 in Tuscany, Italy, six days after Sneijder played the final of the FIFA World Cup. The couple has one son. Following her marriage, she changed her surname from Cabau van Kasbergen to Sneijder-Cabau, which she also uses professionally.
Cabau is a co-founder and ambassador of Stop Kindermisbruik, a foundation which aims to put an end to child sexual abuse in developing countries. Stop Kindermisbruik engages in actions such as freeing child prostitutes, preventing children from becoming child prostitutes, and helping freed children cope with the trauma they endured.
On March 5, 2019, the couple announced their decision to split up, but made it clear that there was not (yet) going to be a divorce. Yolanthe stopped using the name Sneijder-Cabau and refers to herself now as Yolanthe Cabau.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1985 births
Dutch film actresses
Dutch female models
Dutch expatriates in Spain
Dutch television actresses
Dutch people of Spanish descent
Living people
People from Ibiza
De Trap Theater Academy alumni
21st-century Dutch actresses
Dutch soap opera actresses
Nationaal Songfestival presenters
Linked fate is a concept in political science which describes the mechanism by which group consciousness leads to political cohesion among members of a social identity group. It originated in African-American studies, as individuals who perceived their fates as individuals to be highly linked to those of other in-group members were posited to be more conscious of the group's interests as whole when making political decisions (such as voting). Furthermore, notions of linked fate have been observed among Asian Americans, Hispanic Americans and Muslim Americans.
See also
Ethnic competition thesis
Group consciousness (political science)
Relative deprivation thesis
Solidarity
References
Political science
George Vernon Harcourt (1874 – February 1, 1934) was a physician and political figure in Ontario. He represented Parry Sound in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1923 to 1934 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Port Hope, the son of George Harcourt and Frances Morton, of Irish descent, and was educated in Port Hope and at the University of Trinity College in Toronto, graduating in medicine. Harcourt practised in the Parry Sound area, later settling at Powassan. He died in office in Toronto of a coronary thrombosis.
References
External links
1874 births
1934 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
The Theosophical Movement is a monthly magazine that was started by the United Lodge of Theosophists India under B.P. Wadia on 17 November 1930. It is a magazine that is devoted to the living of the higher life. The monthly magazine is edited in Mumbai, India, by associates of the ULT. Its print and electronic editions have subscribers all over the world. All articles in the magazine are unsigned, except those that had been written by H.P.B., W.Q.J. or others who had made signed contributions in the older Theosophical magazines. Furthermore, articles in the magazine distinctly avoid all references to personal opinions and experiences of the author. These are directly in keeping with one of the core tenets of anonymity and impersonality of ULT associates as expressed by Robert Crosbie. The magazine is dedicated to:
References
External links
United Lodge of Theosophists India
1930 establishments in India
Monthly magazines published in India
Magazines established in 1930
Mass media in Mumbai
Philosophy magazines
Theosophy
Lucy Katherine (Kathleen) Armitage Chippindall, also known as Chipps and later than Mrs. Albert Oliff Crook (15 February 1913, Pretoria – 4 April 1992) was a South African botanist and agrostologist.
Life
Lucy Katherine Armitage Chippindall was born on 15 February 1913 in Pretoria. She studied at St. Mary's Diocesan School in Pretoria from 1919 to 1929, and then at the University of Witwatersrand, graduating as a Bachelor of Sciences in 1948. As a teenager Chippindall worked at haberdashery department of a store in Pretoria and then at the Botanical Research Institute. She was a Technical Assistant in the Division of Botany in Pretoria from 1931 to 1945. She specialized in the taxonomy of the Gramineae. Chippindall is also considered a specialty author on spermatophytes.
Career
After she married Albert Oliff Crook, Chippindall moved to Rhodesia and started to work on the botanical section of the book published in 1955 - The grasses and pastures of South Africa. Living in Rhodesia Chippindall worked for a time at the Government Herbarium, Salisbury. She had one son.
After retirement from the Conservation Department in Rhodesia Chippindall and her husband A. O. Crook continued to collect and identify the grasses mainly in the Umtali area, publishing their work 240 Grasses of Southern Africa in 1976. In the 1980s Chippindall and her husband moved to Cape Town where they cooperated with the Bolus Herbarium and continued their study until the end of their lives. Chippindall also cooperated with Herbarium Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Lucy Katherine Armitage Chippindall died on 4 April 1992. South African plant chippindalliae is named after her.
Names published by Chippindall
Alloeochaete namuliensis Chippind., J. S. African Bot. xi. 101 (1945)
Craspedorhachis uniflora (Hochst. ex A.Rich.) Chippind., Meredith, Grasses & Pastures S. Afr. 205 (1955)
Danthoniopsis acutigluma Chippind., Blumea, Suppl. 3: 27 (1946)
Hylebates Chippind., J. S. African Bot. xi. 127 (1945)
Hylebates cordatus Chippind., J. S. African Bot. xi. 128 (1945)
Loudetia pedicellata (Stent) Chippind., Meredith, Grasses & Pastures S. Afr. 280 (1955)
Tetrapogon mossambicensis (K.Schum.) Chippind., Meredith, Grasses & Pastures S. Afr. 198 (1955)
Urelytrum henrardii Chippind., Blumea, Suppl. 3: 25 (1946)
Urochloa stolonifera (Goossens) Chippind., Meredith, Grasses & Pastures S. Afr. 381 (1955)
References
1913 births
1992 deaths
South African women scientists
South African women botanists
Agrostologists
Pandan Indah LRT station is a Malaysian low-rise rapid transit station situated near and named after Pandan Indah, in Ampang Jaya, Selangor. The station of the Ampang Line (formerly known as STAR, and the Ampang and Sri Petaling Lines), and was opened on December 16, 1996, as part of the first phase of the STAR system's opening, alongside 13 adjoining stations along the Sultan Ismail-Ampang route.
The station shares a similar name with the neighbouring Pandan Jaya station 1 kilometre southwest.
Location
The Pandan Indah station is situated next to and named after the Ampang Jaya locality of Pandan Indah to the southeast, and is within walking distance of Taman Bakti (Malay; English: Bakti Estate) directly beside the station, Taman Cempaka (Cempaka Estate) and the eastern edges of Pandan Jaya to the north. The station is directly accessible from the north through a flats complex off Jalan Cempaka (Cempaka Road), while the station is open to Pandan Indah via Jalan Pandan Indah 22 (Pandan Indah Road 22), a branch road from the main thoroughfare of Jalan Pandan Indah (Pandan Indah Road).
The station was constructed along two leveled tracks, reusing the now defunct Federated Malay States Railway and Malayan Railway route between Kuala Lumpur, Ampang town and Salak South.
Design
Overall, the Pandan Indah station was built as a low-rise station along two tracks for trains traveling in opposite direction. Because the station is nearly subsurface and features two side platforms, the station designates individual ticketing areas for each of the station's two platforms at their level, ensuring access to trains traveling the opposite direction is not freely possible. The station also serves as a public crossing across the Ampang Line tracks between Taman Bakti and Pandan Indah via a walkway running underneath the tracks and platforms.
The principal styling of the station is similar to most other stations in the line, featuring curved roofs supported by latticed frames, and white plastered walls and pillars. Because stairways are only used to link street level with the station's ticket areas and platforms, the station is not accommodative to disabled users.
Nearby station
Axis Atrium
See also
List of rail transit stations in Klang Valley
External links
Klang Valley MRT Line Integrations
Ampang Line
Railway stations opened in 1996
1996 establishments in Malaysia
James Henry Cassidy (October 28, 1869 – August 23, 1926) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1909 to 1911.
Biography
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Cassidy attended public schools. He later studied law at Cleveland Law School.
He was admitted to the bar in 1899 and commenced practice in Cleveland, Ohio. Cassidy subsequently served as clerk of the Committee on Rivers and Harbors, House of Representatives, from December 1901 until January 11, 1909, when he resigned.
James H. Cassidy was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Theodore E. Burton, where he served from April 20, 1909 to March 3, 1911.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress.
He resumed the practice of his profession in Cleveland, Ohio.
He was appointed as receiver of the Cleveland & Pittsburgh Coal Co..
He moved to New York in 1915 and engaged in the brokerage business.
He served as president of an express company.
He died in Forest Hills Gardens, New York on August 23, 1926.
He was interred in Maple Grove Cemetery (Kew Gardens, New York).
Sources
1869 births
1926 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Lawyers from Cleveland
Cleveland–Marshall College of Law alumni
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Politicians from Cleveland
19th-century American lawyers
Cumbel () is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Lumnezia.
History
Cumbel is first mentioned about 825 as Cumble. Until 1983, the municipality was officially known as Cumbels.
Coat of arms
The description of the municipal coats of arms is Gules the Women's Gate Argent with roof and open portcullis Sable.
The women's gate (Porclas Cumbel) is the most important monument of the valley. It owes its name to the legendary battle of the women of Lugnez, in the feud between Werdenberg and Belmont.
Geography
Cumbel had an area, , of . Of this area, 46.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 45.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 5.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (2.5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district at the entrance to the Lugnez valley. It consists of the linear village of Cumbel.
Demographics
Cumbel has a population (as of 2011) of 238. , 2.8% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.6%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh(85.1%), with German being second most common (12.8%) and Portuguese being third ( 0.7%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.3% male and 48.7% female. The age distribution, , in Cumbel is; 46 children or 16.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 25 teenagers or 8.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 18 people or 6.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 39 people or 13.5% are between 30 and 39, 30 people or 10.4% are between 40 and 49, and 21 people or 7.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 23 people or 8.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 45 people or 15.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 31 people or 10.8% who are between 80 and 89 there are 10 people or 3.5% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 51.7% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the SVP (23.6%) and the FDP (10.2%).
In Cumbel about 56.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Cumbel has an unemployment rate of 0.67%. , there were 24 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 24 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 91 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 10 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official Web site
Lumnezia
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Michiel Carree or Carré (1657 – October 1727) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Carree was born in The Hague. He received his first instructions from his elder brother Hendrik Carré, and afterwards became the scholar of Nicolaas Berchem, but unfortunately did not profit by the example and practice of so excellent a master, but preferred to follow the style of a much inferior artist named Gabriel van der Leeuw. According to Houbraken he was in England and knew Pieter Gerritsz van Roestraten. Houbraken also stated Carree was the teacher of the painter Jan de Visscher, and mentioned him again as his informant about a portrait by Katharina Rozee. Houbraken also stated that Michiel Carré resided some time in England, and that his works were not popular here, but Horace Walpole makes no mention of him in his 'Anecdotes.' He was a landscape painter of some celebrity, since at the death of Abraham Begeyn he was invited to Berlin by the King of Prussia, who appointed him one of his painters. On the death of Frederick he returned to Holland, and resided chiefly at Alkmaar, where he died in 1728. His greatest merit was the uncommon facility and baldness of his pencil, which was well suited to the works upon which he was principally engaged, the decoration of halls and large apartments. One of his best productions is to be seen in a saloon at the Hague, where he has represented in a large landscape, the History of Jacob and Esau. Some of his easel paintings, landscapes with cattle, are very good. Examples of these can be found in the Brunswick Gallery, and the Rotterdam Museum. He died in Alkmaar.
Jacob Campo Weyerman mentioned his daughter Alida Carree, who was a good watercolor painter and ivory fan painter.
He also mentioned a son Hendrik Carré the Younger who died in the Hague in 1726.
According to the RKD he was the son of Franciscus Carré and he worked in Amsterdam 1686-1692, England 1692-1695, and Berlin 1697-1713. He is known for Italianate landscapes and was court painter in Berlin to Frederick III of Brandenburg.
References
Attribution:
1657 births
1727 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from The Hague
Court painters
Arthur D. Reid (born October 17, 1947) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Carbonear and Carbonear-Harbour Grace in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1989 to 1998. He was a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. He was born at Carbonear.
References
1947 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Grupo Gigante is a holding listed at Mexican Stock Exchange founded in 1962, enterprises includes: Office Depot, The Home Store, SuperPrecio and Toks. The namesake hypermarkets and supermarkets are sold in 2008 to Soriana. Until December 2008, used to work with a joint venture with RadioShack.
History
1923: Comes from Spain to port of Veracruz, Ángel Losada Gómez; a 15-year-old who wanted to succeed in the business world.
1940: Angel Losada Gomez founded "La Comercial" in Apan, Hidalgo in the state, foundations of the current Gigante. Currently, the store has Apan stay in the market under the name of “La Moderna”.
1962: Birth of the first store “Gigante” in Mixcoac, with 64 departments, 250 employees and 65 office store. Gigante Mixcoac was placed as a convenience store Latin America's largest and second on the continent with of total area.
1971: The company diversified its activities by opening its first coffee family in Mexico City under the trade name of "Toks".
1977: In this year, Gigante can operate 12 stores.
1979: Gigante takes an important step, expanding in the rest of the country, opening its first store outside Mexico City in the city of Guadalajara, later expanding with 8 more stores. The Gigante slogan dates from this year.
1980: Gigante bought the supermarket Maxi from Guadalajara. Between 1980 and 1990, it opened 9 stores in the cities of Querétaro, Celaya, Acapulco, Puebla, Salamanca and Morelia. In the late 1980s it already had 32 stores in operation in four cities.
1981: Launches Gigante products "Selección Gigante" (white brand).
1982: This year the company opened its first specialty restaurant. It now operates four specialty restaurants Mexican, Italian and Spanish: "El Campanario", "Tutto Bene", "La Viña del Quijote" and "Casa Rodrigo."
1988: Gigante expands to Monterrey, Saltillo, Torreón, Nuevo Laredo, Reynosa, Durango, Ciudad Victoria, Matamoros, San Luis Potosí, Tijuana and Mexicali.
1991: Gigante opened its 100 store in Toluca, becoming the first supermarket chain to achieve a hundred stores in operation, under one brand.
1992: Grupo Gigante acquired stores "Blanco" and "El Sardinero; thus strengthening its national presence. From the early 1990s, Gigante developed various formats, like their co-investments:
Gigante
Bodega Gigante
Súper Gigante (before Súper G)
Súper Precio
Office Depot in partnership with Office Depot from the USA
RadioShack in partnership with Tandy Corporation
2000: Gigante open market in the southeast of the country, with branches in Campeche, Yucatan, Tabasco, Chiapas and Quintana Roo. Starts the format “Super Gigante” with the first branch “Cumbres” in Monterrey city, as an evolution of the format "Super G".
2001: Gigante continues to expand, adding to the group the chain stores “Super MAZ” in the southeast.
2002: Grupo Gigante and PriceSmart Inc. in a joint venture, opened the first three PriceSmart stores in the country, in Celaya, Irapuato, and Queretaro.
2004: Gigante starts a new concept of store in their Coapa store.
2005: In February the PriceSmart stores were closed, due to slow response of the market and lack of profits. (Celaya and Irapuato stores became Home Depot)
2007: In a new strategy Grupo Gigante sold its supermarket stores to Organización Soriana which purchased represented more than 50% of the Gigante stores, this included the stores located in the United States. Grupo Gigante kept its joint ventures and “Super Precio” stores and created its new “Gigante Grupo Inmobiliario” (Gigante Real Estate Group).
2008: Begins to operate, with the opening of the branch channel Tezontle Avenue in Mexico City, The Home Store format, dedicated to selling decorative items. Grupo Gigante sold to its partner, the Tandy Corporation U.S., its 50% of RadioShack stores in Mexico, specialized in selling electronics products.
See also
Official page of Grupo Gigante
Official page of Organización Soriana
Retail companies of Mexico
Lord Avie (April 25, 1978 – December 28, 2012) was an American thoroughbred champion racehorse.
Background
A descendant of the great Nearco through his sire Lord Gaylord, his dam, Avie, was a daughter of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Gallant Man. In March 1980, Lord Avie was bought as a two-year-old at a Hialeah Park Race Track sale for $37,000 by a consortium of twelve investors from New Jersey who raced him under the name SKS Stable. He was trained by former jockey Daniel Perlsweig.
Racing career
Lord Avie won top races at age two, including the Young America Stakes, Cowdin Stakes and Champagne Stakes. He was voted the 1980 Eclipse Award as American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt.
Racing at age three, on February 4, 1981, Lord Avie won the Hutcheson Stakes at Florida's Gulfstream Park. The colt went on to win the Florida Derby and was then installed by odds makers as the favorite for the Kentucky Derby. However, Lord Avie came out of the Florida Derby with a pulled suspensory ligament and did not race in any of the Triple Crown races. He returned to racing in mid-July with an allowance race win at Monmouth Park Racetrack followed by a second-place finish in the Grade 1 Haskell Invitational Handicap and then a third in August's Travers Stakes at Saratoga Race Course. In the Travers, Lord Avie reinjured his leg. On August 24, 1981, his retirement from racing was announced. Lord Avie won eight races, placed 4 times and showed 4 times in 16 starts, with career earnings of $705,977.
Stud career
Lord Avie was sent to stand at stud at Spendthrift Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, having been syndicated for $10 million with the potential to escalate to $20 million, though the escalation was never triggered. He was the sire of seventy-four stakes winners including Grade 1 winners Magical Maiden, Fly For Avie, and multi-millionaire Cloudy's Knight, who was voted 2007 Canadian Champion Male Turf Horse. From his daughters, he is the damsire of 2007 American Champion Older Male Horse Lawyer Ron. Due to advancing age and declining fertility, Lord Avie was pensioned after the 2002 breeding season at Lane's End Farm near Versailles, Kentucky, where he had stood since 1989. By that time, he had sired 578 starters whose 429 individual winners had earned a total of $35,058,780 in their careers
Pedigree
References
Sources
Lord Avie's pedigree and partial racing stats
February 16, 1981 Sports Illustrated article titled "Yea, The Lord Will Provide"
March 9, 1981 Ocala Star-Banner article titled Lord Avie "Heads Pack In Run For The Roses"
August 24, 1981 Spokane Daily Chronicle notice of Lord Avie's retirement
1978 racehorse births
2012 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Eclipse Award winners
Thoroughbred family 1-l
The Syracuse Hornets are a defunct professional ice hockey team that played in the Eastern Hockey League during the 1980–81 season. Based in Syracuse, New York the team played its home games out of the State Fairgrounds Coliseum.
The Hornets were owned by Gaetan Gagne, with former World Hockey Association defenceman, Bill Horton, as its general manager and player/coach. Although the Hornets were not affiliated with a National Hockey League (NHL) team, goaltenders Jay Palladino and Bill Milner were both assigned to play for the Hornets by the Hartford Whalers of the NHL.
The Hornets were scheduled to play the full 72 game schedule, but the team folded after playing just 10 games, with a win-loss-tie record of 0-9-1, having attracted a total of just 4,617 fans the five home games played.
References
Eastern Hockey League (1978–1981) teams
North American Hockey League (1973–1977) teams
Sport clubs disestablished in 1981
Ice hockey clubs established in 1980
Hornets
1980 establishments in New York (state)
1981 disestablishments in New York (state)
Boston Bruins minor league affiliates
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Tubeke, or Tubize. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Tubize
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Tubize
Tubize
The fourth season of the Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on June 4, 2008, and concluded on August 6, 2008. It stars Keshia Knight Pulliam as Miranda, Cassi Davis as Ella Payne, LaVan Davis as Curtis Payne, Allen Payne as CJ Payne, Lance Gross as Calvin Payne, Demetria McKinney as Janine Payne, Larramie "Doc" Shaw as Malik Payne, China Anne McClain as Jazmine Payne, and Denise Burse as Claretha Jenkins. The season contained 25 episodes.
Episodes
External links
Tyler Perry's House of Payne on epguides.com
Tyler Perry's House of Payne seasons
2008 American television seasons
The School of Accountancy (SOA) at Brigham Young University is a department within the Marriott School of Management. The school offers one bachelor's degree and one master's degree.
History
The SOA has roots that date back to the beginnings of Brigham Young University. Bookkeeping classes were taught at Brigham Young Academy (which later became BYU) in its Commercial College (the Marriott School of Management's predecessor).
In 1976, under the direction of dean Merrill J. Bateman, the Marriott School of Management created the Institute of Professional Accountancy within its jurisdiction. Then in 1990 faculty from the Information Management Department joined the school to consolidate the faculty and form a nucleus for program development. However, on August 12, 2005 the Marriott School announced the division of the School of Accountancy and Information Systems into two parts: the School of Accountancy and the Information Systems Department.
The SOA started a Ph.D. prep track informally in 1994. The professors noticed several students who had a desire to enter a Ph.D. program but realized that they understood very little about what earning a Ph.D. entailed; moreover, since academia is suffering from a significant shortage of accounting professors and is projected to face even more significant shortages in the future, the program seemed ideally suited for the situation., The program was formalized in 2000, as applicants were required to apply and efforts were made to more formally recruit students. In 2002, seven students finished the program and entered Ph.D. programs. Thereafter, the program has placed between four and nine students each year into Ph.D. programs across the country. The Ph.D. Prep Track has been successful in placing into doctoral programs 100 percent of its graduates who have submitted applications. The school has become the largest single provider of students into Ph.D. programs in the United States.
Degrees and programs
The School of Accountancy offers two degrees. The Bachelor of Science in Accountancy requires that students complete a core curriculum during their junior year that comprises 24 credit hours of accounting classes over the course of the fall and winter semesters. Students work in a team of five or six for the entire year and stay in the classroom for a three-hour block while professors rotate in and out.
The Master of Accountancy (MAcc) graduate degree has two emphases, a tax emphasis or a professional (auditing) emphasis. Within either emphasis, students can apply to enter the Ph.D. Prep Track, which focuses on preparing students to apply for and enter a Ph.D. program upon graduating from BYU.
Many undergraduate students at the SOA opt into a dual-degree BSAcc/MAcc, which takes five years to complete.
Conferences and endeavors
Since 2004, the SOA has hosted an annual Accounting Research Symposium. The purpose of the symposium is “to unite BYU alumni and friends in our efforts to foster relevant and consequential accounting research.” One of the explicit purposes of the symposium is to bring back students who have graduated from the Ph.D. Prep Track to network and receive feedback on research ideas.
Under the direction of Norm Nemrow and with the assistance of BYU's Center for Instructional Design, the SOA has also developed the "Value-Added Teaching Model", a CD-based program used to teach accounting that employs vector-based technology from Macromedia Flash. The reduction in lectures due to the CD supplement has proven effective in doubling student's interest in accounting as a major, and over 90 percent of students prefer the CD based approach over a traditional textbook/lecture approach.
BYU accounting faculty members and students, in conjunction with a Utah State University faculty member, developed a new set of accounting research rankings. The rankings are based on the authors' research and separately rank accounting institutions and accounting Ph.D. programs. The rankings build on prior research by (1) breaking accounting rankings into separate topical area and methodological rankings, (2) giving institutions research credit only for publications of faculty currently employed at the institution, and (3) providing rankings for three time windows.
Rankings and awards
For 2009, the bachelor's degree in the SOA received two #3 rankings, one by Public Accounting Report and the other by U.S. News & World Report. The same two reporting agencies also ranked the school's MAcc program #3 and #9 in the nation, respectively.
The SOA is the only accounting program in the country to twice receive the American Accounting Association's Innovation in Accounting Education Award. The first award, received in 1993, was for the development of the Junior Core, and the second (2007) for development of the Ph.D. prep track.
People
Faculty
W. Steve Albrecht served as President of the American Accounting Association (1997–1998) and as the first president of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners.,
Douglas F. Prawitt served as a Board member on the Auditing Standards Board (2006–2008)
Lee H. Radebaugh served as Editor of Journal of International Accounting Research (2004–2007) and as president of the World Trade Association of Utah (1994–1995).
Scott L. Summers served as president of the Information Systems Section of the American Accounting Association (2006–2007)
Dave N. Stewart served as president of the American Taxation Association (2003–2004)
Kevin D. Stocks served as president of the Federation of Schools of Accountancy (2000)
Alumni
The School of Accountancy has been highly successful at placing students upon graduating. In 2007, 97% of MAcc students had a job at the time of graduation and 100% of the MAcc students had a job within 3 months after graduation. In 2007, 89% of undergraduates had a job at the time of graduation and 97% had a job within 3 months after graduation. All four of the Big Four accounting firms as well as many national and regional firms recruit graduates. The Ph.D. Prep Track has been successful in placing into doctoral programs 100 percent of its graduates who have submitted applications.
Ph.D. Prep Track alumni are invited back to BYU to participate in the School of Accountancy's annual Accounting Research Symposium.
BYU alumni include many corporate executives, partners in CPA firms, and entrepreneurs.
References
External links
Official Page of the School of Accountancy
Official Page of the Ph.D. Prep Track at BYU
Official Page of BYU Accounting Research Rankings
Official Page for the Value-Added Teaching Model
School of Accountancy
Accounting schools in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1976
1976 establishments in Utah
Bodega Brovas is a three-member Hip-Hop collective. Members Travii the 7th and Headkrack whom are from Chicago and Bronx, NY, respectively formed the group with Keynote in his hometown of Dallas, Texas.
Getting their start in 2009, The Bodega Brovas began touring in the European countries and in 2012, the group was included in the American Graffiti Tour along with Playdough, Koncept, and Tanya Morgan. By 2013 The Bodega Brovas had made two appearances on AllHipHop's Top 50 Underground lists and made an appearance on Sway In The Morning in 2015. In As part of the line up on "The 'MoDega' Europe 2012 Tour" The Bodega Brovas have performed alongside Tanya Morgan, Souls of Mischief and the Artifacts in countries that include France, Ireland, Germany and the UK.
Collaborations with The Bodega Brovas include Mr. J Medeiros, Jean Grae, Astronautalis, and former Nice & Smooth rapper, MC Greg Nice.
Both Headkrack and Keynote have an extensive history in radio. Keynote being on 97.9FM KBFB and Headkrack appearing on Dish Nation via the Rickey Smiley Morning Show, working with Rickey Smiley.
In 2010, Headkrack appeared as a contestant during Red Bull's and Eminem's collaborative event RedBull EmSee: The Road to 8 Mile National Finals at Detroit's Saint Andrew's Hall.
Discography
Fancy Anthrax (2011)
Festivus: A Beginner's Guide To Believing In Bodega (2014)
Who Run It (2016)
LGA (Loaded Guns and Alcohol) (2016)
References
External links
The Bodega Brovaz Official Site
American musical trios
Musical groups from Dallas
Manzar (, also Romanized as Manz̧ar) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Azteca delpini is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Emery in 1893, the species is endemic to South America.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1893
The unicolored tapaculo (Scytalopus unicolor) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The unicolored tapaculo is monotypic. However, it previously included blackish tapaculo (Scytalopus latrans) and trilling tapaculo (S. parvirostris) as subspecies.
Description
The unicolored tapaculo is long. The male is gray, darker above and lighter below. Its rear (above and below) sometimes has a slight light brown wash. The female is similar but the brown wash is more often darker. The immature is brown above and dull yellowish below, with spots and bars on the belly and flanks respectively.
Distribution and habitat
The unicolored tapaculo is found only in southern Cajamarca Department and La Libertad Department of northwestern Peru. It inhabits the dense understory of humid montane forest on the east side of the Andes at elevations of .
Behavior
The unicolored tapaculo's diet is unknown as are its foraging and breeding phenologies. Its song is a short series of notes whose pace increases . Its call is a single note .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the unicolored tapaculo as being near threatened. However, although it is fairly common within its very small range and appears to tolerate disturbance, its habitat is very fragmented and at risk from fire. It "probably merits the conservation status of Near-threatened, or even that of Vulnerable."
References
unicolored tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
unicolored tapaculo
unicolored tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Braille pattern dots-245 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right and both middle dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right and both upper-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+281a, and in Braille ASCII with J.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-245 is used to represent a voiced palatal affricate, fricative, or approximant, such as /dʑ/, /ʑ/ or /j/, and is otherwise assigned as needed. It is also used for the number 0.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-245 are Braille patterns 2457, 2458, and 24578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 356, 1356, 3456, and 13456 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-245, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0245, 2457, and 02457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 356, 1356, 3456, or 13456
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-245 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 十
Variants and thematic compounds
- ろ/十 + selector 2 = 鹵
- ろ/十 + selector 4 = 才
- selector 4 + ろ/十 = 辰
Compounds of 十
- れ/口 + ろ/十 = 古
- 囗 + ろ/十 = 固
- 氷/氵 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 凅
- に/氵 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 涸
- や/疒 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 痼
- か/金 + 囗 + ろ/十 = 錮
- き/木 + ろ/十 = 枯
- く/艹 + ろ/十 = 苦
- ろ/十 + 宿 = 克
- ろ/十 + れ/口 + 宿 = 兢
- ろ/十 + 比 + し/巿 = 尅
- ろ/十 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 剋
- な/亻 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 估
- ふ/女 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 姑
- る/忄 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 怙
- に/氵 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 沽
- す/発 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 罟
- 心 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 葫
- せ/食 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 醐
- む/車 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 蛄
- え/訁 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 詁
- ろ/十 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 辜
- か/金 + れ/口 + ろ/十 = 鈷
- お/頁 + ろ/十 = 卒
- 龸 + ろ/十 = 率
- む/車 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 蟀
- な/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 倅
- つ/土 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 埣
- る/忄 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 悴
- に/氵 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 淬
- け/犬 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 猝
- や/疒 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 瘁
- む/車 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 翠
- く/艹 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 萃
- の/禾 + の/禾 + ろ/十 = 粹
- せ/食 + せ/食 + ろ/十 = 醉
- 日 + ろ/十 = 早
- ま/石 + ろ/十 = 章
- さ/阝 + ろ/十 = 障
- 心 + ま/石 + ろ/十 = 樟
- へ/⺩ + ま/石 + ろ/十 = 璋
- や/疒 + ま/石 + ろ/十 = 瘴
- せ/食 + ま/石 + ろ/十 = 鱆
- ろ/十 + を/貝 = 乾
- ろ/十 + か/金 = 幹
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + か/金 = 澣
- ろ/十 + と/戸 = 斡
- ろ/十 + ⺼ = 朝
- よ/广 + ろ/十 + ⺼ = 廟
- ろ/十 + む/車 = 翰
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + む/車 = 瀚
- ろ/十 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戟
- ろ/十 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 韓
- 氷/氵 + 日 + ろ/十 = 覃
- に/氵 + 日 + ろ/十 = 潭
- ち/竹 + 日 + ろ/十 = 簟
- 心 + 日 + ろ/十 = 蕈
- え/訁 + 日 + ろ/十 = 譚
- か/金 + 日 + ろ/十 = 鐔
- ろ/十 + め/目 = 直
- る/忄 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 悳
- の/禾 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 稙
- つ/土 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 埴
- め/目 + ろ/十 + め/目 = 矗
- ろ/十 + ゐ/幺 = 索
- み/耳 + ろ/十 = 聴
- み/耳 + み/耳 + ろ/十 = 聽
- selector 1 + よ/广 + ろ/十 = 廰
- よ/广 + よ/广 + ろ/十 = 廳
- ゆ/彳 + ろ/十 = 徳
- ね/示 + ろ/十 = 嚢
- 氷/氵 + ろ/十 = 準
- 氷/氵 + 氷/氵 + ろ/十 = 凖
- と/戸 + ろ/十 = 革
- す/発 + ろ/十 = 羈
- 龸 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞏
- え/訁 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞫
- え/訁 + ろ/十 = 計
- ひ/辶 + ろ/十 = 辻
- ひ/辶 + ろ/十 + に/氵 = 逑
- か/金 + ろ/十 = 針
- ろ/十 + よ/广 = 世
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 泄
- 心 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 笹
- い/糹/#2 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 紲
- ろ/十 + ぬ/力 = 協
- ろ/十 + て/扌 = 博
- selector 1 + ろ/十 + て/扌 = 愽
- ゑ/訁 + ろ/十 = 訊
- は/辶 + ろ/十 = 迅
- 火 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 煢
- む/車 + selector 6 + ろ/十 = 蝨
- お/頁 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 卆
- せ/食 + ろ/十 = 酔
- 仁/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 伜
- の/禾 + ろ/十 = 粋
- き/木 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 枠
- ろ/十 + に/氵 = 求
- ろ/十 + 氷/氵 = 救
- ね/示 + ろ/十 + に/氵 = 裘
- 日 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 皐
- な/亻 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 什
- れ/口 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 叶
- け/犬 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 夲
- こ/子 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 孛
- る/忄 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 悖
- に/氵 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 汁
- か/金 + う/宀/#3 + ろ/十 = 瓧
- ま/石 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 竍
- の/禾 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 籵
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 隼
- ろ/十 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴇
- ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 友
- み/耳 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 跋
- し/巿 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 黻
- の/禾 + ろ/十 + ゑ/訁 = 秡
- ろ/十 + つ/土 = 在
- る/忄 + ろ/十 + つ/土 = 恠
- ろ/十 + こ/子 = 存
- て/扌 + ろ/十 + こ/子 = 拵
- き/木 + ろ/十 + こ/子 = 栫
- く/艹 + ろ/十 + こ/子 = 荐
- ろ/十 + し/巿 = 布
- ろ/十 + ら/月 = 有
- ろ/十 + さ/阝 = 郁
- な/亻 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 侑
- 囗 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 囿
- う/宀/#3 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 宥
- さ/阝 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 陏
- せ/食 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 鮪
- 宿 + ろ/十 = 宏
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 浤
- い/糹/#2 + ろ/十 = 紘
- ろ/十 + い/糹/#2 = 雄
- ⺼ + 宿 + ろ/十 = 肱
Compounds of 鹵
- ん/止 + ろ/十 = 齢
- ん/止 + ん/止 + ろ/十 = 齡
Compounds of 才
- そ/馬 + ろ/十 = 豺
- を/貝 + ろ/十 = 財
- も/門 + ろ/十 = 閉
- ろ/十 + き/木 = 材
- け/犬 + ろ/十 + selector 4 = 犲
Compounds of 辰
- ふ/女 + ろ/十 = 娠
- て/扌 + ろ/十 = 振
- た/⽥ + ろ/十 = 農
- に/氵 + ろ/十 = 濃
- な/亻 + た/⽥ + ろ/十 = 儂
- ⺼ + た/⽥ + ろ/十 = 膿
- し/巿 + ろ/十 = 辱
- に/氵 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 溽
- い/糹/#2 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 縟
- こ/子 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 耨
- く/艹 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 蓐
- ね/示 + し/巿 + ろ/十 = 褥
- ち/竹 + ろ/十 = 震
- ろ/十 + れ/口 = 唇
- ろ/十 + ね/示 = 喪
- ろ/十 + お/頁 = 賑
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 宸
- 日 + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 晨
- ⺼ + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 脣
- む/車 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 蜃
Other compounds
- ろ/十 + は/辶 = 半
- ろ/十 + ん/止 = 叛
- て/扌 + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 拌
- ⺼ + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 胖
- ね/示 + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 袢
- ろ/十 + ま/石 = 辛
- 心 + ろ/十 = 梓
- 心 + ろ/十 + ま/石 = 薛
- よ/广 + ろ/十 = 庁
- な/亻 + ろ/十 = 僚
- う/宀/#3 + ろ/十 = 寮
- 火 + ろ/十 = 燎
- や/疒 + ろ/十 = 療
- め/目 + ろ/十 = 瞭
- て/扌 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 撩
- 日 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 暸
- に/氵 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 潦
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 繚
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 遼
- か/金 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 鐐
- ろ/十 + う/宀/#3 + せ/食 = 鷯
- ぬ/力 + ろ/十 = 勃
- に/氵 + ぬ/力 + ろ/十 = 渤
- 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 令
- へ/⺩ + ろ/十 = 玲
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 伶
- 囗 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 囹
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 怜
- そ/馬 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 羚
- み/耳 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 聆
- 心 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 苓
- む/車 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 蛉
- ろ/十 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鴒
- ⺼ + ろ/十 = 肋
- ら/月 + ろ/十 = 臘
- む/車 + ろ/十 = 蝋
- け/犬 + ろ/十 = 猟
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ろ/十 = 獵
- か/金 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 鑞
- ろ/十 + 囗 = 再
- selector 1 + ろ/十 + 囗 = 冉
- く/艹 + ろ/十 + 囗 = 苒
- ろ/十 + そ/馬 = 牽
- ろ/十 + ひ/辶 = 飛
Notes
Braille patterns
The Liujia Line () is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line. It is located in Hsinchu County, Taiwan. It was built to link the Western Line to the THSR's Hsinchu Station, speeding up transit times between the two forms of rail service and, by extension, downtown Hsinchu City. The opening of the line experienced slight delays and eventually opened in November 2011.
Stations
References
External links
Railway Reconstruction Bureau project page (in Chinese)
3 ft 6 in gauge railways in Taiwan
TRA routes
The grey-tailed piha (Snowornis subalaris) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Description
The grey-tailed piha grows to a length of about . Both sexes have a dull grey head with a narrow, pale yellow ring of bare skin surrounding the eye. The upper parts are olive-green with a greyish rump and a plain grey tail. The underparts are pale olive green with lighter streaks and a pale grey belly. The underwing coverts are pale yellow. This bird could be confused with the olivaceous piha (Snowornis cryptolophus), but it has a yellower belly and an olive rather than a grey tail.
Distribution and habitat
The grey-tailed piha occurs on the eastern slope of the Andes range, in southern Colombia, Ecuador and Peru at altitudes between about . It is generally a rare or uncommon bird and is found in the middle and lower parts of the canopy. It is an elusive bird, remaining still for long periods and blending in with the branches. It is usually solitary, but may occasionally join a mixed species foraging group. It feeds mainly on insects, but may also consume fruits, sometimes flying out from its perch, where it sits unmoving for long periods, to catch an insect in the air or hover to glean insects from foliage.
Status
Because of current and future deforestation in the Amazon Basin, the population is expected to decline by 25-30% over the next three generations, causing this species to be listed as near threatened.
References
grey-tailed piha
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
grey-tailed piha
grey-tailed piha
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Astrid Riska (14 December 1932 – 13 April 2010) was a Finnish organist. She showed interest in children's choirs and voice training.
Biography
Astrid Riska was born as Astrid Linnea Riska née Häggblom on 14 December 1932 in Korsholm, Finland.
After completing her training as a primary school teacher, she continued her music studies at the Sibelius Academy. In 1963 she received a diploma in organ playing. She briefly worked as a music teacher in schools, and also taught organ playing at the Sibelius Academy.
In 1967 she founded Jubilate as a children's choir. She has the record of singing at the Finnish Radio Chamber Choir for 25 years. In 1989 she was awarded the Fazer Music Prize for her distinguished service in musical education.
Monica Groop, Finnish opera singer is the daughter of Astrid Riska.
She died in Helsinki on 13 April 2010.
References
1932 births
2010 deaths
This is a graphical lifespan timeline of prime ministers of Belgium. Fifty-three persons have served as Prime Minister of Belgium since the office came into existence in 1830, although it was named Chief of Government from 1830 until 1918. They are listed in order of office (Prime Ministers leading nonconsecutive governments are listed in the order of their first premiership).
<div style="overflow:auto">
Sources
Government of Belgium. Library of Parliament. "Prime Minister". Retrieved August 17, 2020
Prime Ministers
Prime Ministers of Belgium
Graphical timelines
The Milceni or Milzeni (; ; ) were a West Slavic tribe, who settled in the present-day Upper Lusatia region. They were first mentioned in the middle of the 9th century AD by the Bavarian Geographer, who wrote of 30 civitates which possibly had fortifications. They were gradually conquered by Germans during the 10th century. Modern descendants of the Milceni are the Sorbs of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
History
The Milceni travelled to Upper Lusatia in the 7th century during the Migration Period. The exact borders of their settlement area are disputed. It is generally accepted that their fielded land had fruitful loess soil and had dimensions of approximately 50 km from east to west and 20 km from north to south. The northern border was in swampy and partially infertile terrain, while the southern border formed part of the Lausitzer Bergland. The hills of Burkau near Kamenz formed a natural boundary for the Milceni in the west, while their territory bordered that of the Besunzane in the east. The boundaries of the tribe have also been given as the Pulsnitz River in the west and the Kwisa River in the east.
The Ortenburg castle of Bautzen is built around fortifications originally constructed by the Milceni. Charles the Younger, son of Charlemagne, defeated the Milceni and burnt their fortress in 806. Henry the Fowler, King of the Germans, defeated the Slavic tribe in 932 and demanded conversion to Christianity, although this was only partially successful. Emperor Otto I defeated the Lusatians in 963 and placed them under the rule of Margrave Gero. The Milceni were finally subjugated by Margrave Ekkehard I of Meissen ca. 990 and had their territory incorporated into the Holy Roman Empire. The Milceni were then gradually Germanized or merged with the Lusatians of Lower Lusatia into the Sorbian ethnic group.
During the 10th–12th centuries, the region of Bautzen was known in written sources (e.g. Thietmar of Merseburg) as Gau Milsca. Temporarily conquered by the Polish king Bolesław I the Brave, the Milceni lands returned under German rule by 1031. In Polish, Upper Lusatia was known as Milsko until the 15th century. The Milceni were still mentioned in the 12th century Song of Roland ("the second of big-headed men from Misnes– along the vertebrae all down their backs these men have tufted bristles, just like hogs"). Enfeoffed to Duke Vratislaus II of Bohemia in 1076, their estates later became known as Land Budissin and Upper Lusatia.
See also
Sorbs
Lusatia
Margraviate of Meissen
List of Medieval Slavic tribes
References
External links
Die Milzener e.V.
West Slavic tribes
History of Saxony
Sorbs
Upper Lusatia
Blarney is a 1926 American silent melodrama directed by Marcel De Sano, and starring Ralph Graves, Paulette Duval, and Renée Adorée. The film is based on the short story "In Praise of John Carabine", by Brian Oswald Donn-Byrne.
Plot
James (Ralph Graves), an Irish prizefighter, becomes involved with two New York girls.
Cast
Renée Adorée - Peggy Nolan
Ralph Graves - James Carabine
Paulette Duval - Marcolina
Malcolm Waite - Blanco Johnson
Margaret Seddon - Peggy's Aunt
References
External links
1926 films
1925 drama films
1925 films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American boxing films
Films about Irish-American culture
Films based on short fiction
Films set in New York City
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Melodrama films
1926 drama films
Films directed by Marcel De Sano
1920s American films
John Gibson (2 June 1817 – 23 December 1892) was an English architect born at Castle Bromwich, Warwickshire.
Life
Gibson was an assistant to Sir Charles Barry and assisted him in the drawings of the Houses of Parliament.
Gibson was a prominent bank architect at a time when joint-stock banking was an innovation. His 1847 National Bank of Scotland branch in Glasgow led to perhaps his best-known work, the former National Provincial Bank in Bishopsgate, London, designed in 1862. It was listed Grade I in 1950 and is now known as Gibson Hall.
Gibson also designed Todmorden Town Hall which opened in 1875. He also designed Dobroyd Castle in Todmorden and Todmorden Unitarian Church.
Gibson is responsible for several churches in and around North Wales, but perhaps his most notable church is St Margaret's in Bodelwyddan, Denbighshire, more popularly known as the Marble Church, Bodelwyddan, consecrated in 1860. The church is a prominent landmark in the lower Vale of Clwyd and is visible for many miles. It lies just off the A55 trunk road.
In 1890 Gibson was awarded the Royal Gold Medal for services to architecture.
Gibson died of pneumonia on 23 December 1892, at his residence, 13 Great Queen Street, Westminster, and was buried in Kensal Green cemetery on 28 December.
References
1817 births
1892 deaths
19th-century English architects
Recipients of the Royal Gold Medal
Architects from Warwickshire
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
People from Castle Bromwich
Kosmos 327 ( meaning Cosmos 327), also known as DS-P1-I No.8 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1970 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 14:39:56 UTC on 18 March 1970.
Orbit
Kosmos 327 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.7 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 19 January 1971.
Kosmos 327 was the eighth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
References
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1970
1970 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Christophe Manin (born 12 July 1966) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in two editions of the Tour de France, one edition of the Vuelta a España and two editions of the Giro d'Italia. Among his most notable results were a stage win in the 1988 edition of the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré and a fifth place overall in the 1992 Paris–Nice. In June 2017 Manin was announced as the national technical director for the French Cycling Federation.
Major results
1987
3rd Paris–Troyes
1988
1st Stage 2 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
1990
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
1991
2nd Overall Tour du Poitou Charentes et de la Vienne
4th GP de la Ville de Rennes
1992
3rd Overall Giro di Puglia
3rd Trofeo Pantalica
5th Overall Paris–Nice
1994
7th Overall Etoile de Bessèges
1995
6th GP de la Ville de Rennes
10th Overall Etoile de Bessèges
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
People from Saint-Marcellin, Isère
French male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from Isère
Cyclists from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Tonyee Chow Hang-tung (; born 24 January 1985) is a Hong Kong activist, barrister and politician. During the crackdown by authorities on the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China, which began in June 2021 and was mainly based on national security charges over the Alliance's annual vigils in remembrance of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre, Chow was cast into the limelight, having become the convenor of the group after the arrest of leaders Lee Cheuk-yan and Albert Ho in April. In December 2021 and January 2022, Chow was convicted respectively for inciting and taking part in an unlawful assembly on occasion of the vigil in 2020, and for organizing the vigil in 2021, and sentenced to a total of 22 months in prison.
Early life and education
Chow was born and grew up in Hong Kong. She studied geophysics at University of Cambridge. Chow realised that human rights issues were her real interest, so she gave up doctoral studies and returned to Hong Kong in 2010, where she studied law at the University of Hong Kong after having spent some time working at an NGO.
A barrister with Harcourt Chambers, she was called to the Bar in Hong Kong in 2016.
Politics
Chow serves as vice chairwoman of the Hong Kong Alliance, which organised annual marches and vigils to commemorate the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. On 4 June 2021, Chow was arrested for promoting an unauthorised assembly on the 32nd anniversary of the protests. She was thrust into the limelight in 2021 because both Lee Cheuk-yan and Albert Ho from the Alliance were in prison, with Chow having become the new convenor. Prior to her arrest, she had urged Hongkongers to "turn on the lights wherever you are – whether on your phone, candles or electronic candles". The Scotsman considered her arrest as an example of the Chinese government's "crushing of dissent in Hong Kong". Chow was released on bail on 5 June, but was arrested again on 30 June. On 2 July she appeared in court, which adjourned her case to 30 July whilst refusing to grant her bail. After having been twice denied bail on 9 and 23 July, she was granted bail on 5 August on the condition of posting a cash bail and a surety of HK$50,000 ($6,400), handing over all travel documents, and submitting a declaration that she does not hold a BNO passport. Her case was scheduled for 5 October.
Chow was arrested again on 8 September, after the Alliance had rejected a demand by police to surrender information regarding allegations that the Alliance was an "agent of foreign forces". Three other members of the Alliance were arrested at the same time, and a fourth one the following day. Also on 9 September, police froze worth of assets of the Alliance, and charged Chow, alongside Ho, Lee and the Alliance itself with "incitement to subversion", a crime under the national security law, over the banned 2020 vigil. On 10 September, the court rejected the bail application of Chow over the latter charge. On 13 December, she was sentenced to 12 months in prison. On 4 January 2022, she was jailed for another 15 months over the banned 2021 vigil; the judge ordered 10 months of the sentence to be served consecutively with the December sentence, meaning that Chow was to spend a total of 22 months in jail. The judge did not accept the reasoning of Chow, who defended herself, that she had wanted to "incite others not to forget June 4", not encourage a gathering, which the judge dismissed as "simply unbelievable". During the mitigation hearing the same day, Chow, who had pleaded not guilty, was reading from the memoirs of families of people killed at Tiananmen until admonished by the judge, who said that the court would not allow Chow to make a political statement.
International Reactions
The United Nations Human Rights Council released a statement on 12 October 2021 which said that four of its human rights experts (Fionnuala Ní Aoláin, Clément Nyaletsossi Voule, Irene Khan and Mary Lawlor) had submitted a detailed analysis to the Chinese central government regarding the national security law. In its criticism of the law, which it described, in the wording of the statement, as exhibiting "fundamental incompatibility with international law and with China's human rights obligations", it specifically expressed deep concern about the arrest of Chow and about her right to a free trial in view of her having been denied bail twice.
References
External links
Alumni of the University of Hong Kong
Hong Kong politicians
Barristers of Hong Kong
Hong Kong democracy activists
Hong Kong political prisoners
Living people
1985 births
Horst Hoeck (19 May 1904 – 12 April 1969) was a German rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he and his partner Gerhard Voigt placed fourth after being eliminated in the quarter-finals of the double sculls event.
Four years later he won the gold medal as member of the German boat in the coxed fours competition.
External links
profile
1904 births
1969 deaths
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Vinayagapuram is a northern region of Chennai city's Chennai district.
Location and surroundings
Vinayagapuram is a suburban residential area near Puzhal, Tamil Nadu. It is located just 1 km away from Retteri junction in Kolathur, Chennai. The area's main commuting route is a ring road near Lucas TVS junction, which connects the suburb to Padi, New Avadi road, Ayanavaram High Road, Anna Nagar, and Puzhal. Vinayagapuram was attached to the Chennai Corporation in 2011, aiding in its development. The neighbourhoods of Vinayagapuram consist of Anna Nagar, Villivakkam, Puzhal, Retteri junction, Kolathur, Jawahar Nagar, Lakshmipuram, TVK Nagar, Senthil Nagar, Perambur, Puthagaram, Madhavaram, Surapet, and Periyar Nagar. It is close to the Grand North Trunk (GNT) road, which connects to Grand South trunk (GST) road.
Amenities
Vinayagapuram has several hospitals.
Transportation
The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) operates passenger buses to Vinayagapuram from other major parts of the city. The government has allotted a place for a bus terminal near the Vinayagapuram bus stand. The bus routes operated are 142 to Perambur and 29 ext to Mandaveli. These small buses ply between Vinayagapuram to Villivakkam. Share autorickshaws play an important role in transportation, as there is no railway line passing through Vinayagapuram.
Educational institutions
:
Velammal Engineering College (Surapet)
Kings School
Infant Jesus School
Everwin School
Velammal School (Surapet)
Veera Savarkar School
Godson School
Soka Ikeda Arts & Science College
Municipal higher secondary school (Lakshmi puram)
See also
Chennai Airport
Chennai Central
Chennai Suburban Railway
Chennai district
References
External links
Chennai Online website
Cities and towns in Tiruvallur district
Emmanuel Nsubuga (born 24 December 1967) is a Ugandan boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Ugandan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Uganda
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
William Helmick (September 6, 1817 – March 31, 1888) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1859 to 1861.
Biography
Born near Canton, Ohio, Helmick attended the public schools and later studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1845 and commenced practice in New Philadelphia, Ohio. He served as prosecuting attorney of Tuscarawas County in 1851.
Helmick was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1859 – March 3, 1861). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1860 to the Thirty-seventh Congress.
He was appointed by President Abraham Lincoln as chief clerk of the Pension Office on May 3, 1861, and served until January 31, 1865. He then resumed the practice of law in Washington, D.C., and was later appointed Justice of the Peace by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1877.
Death and legacy
He died in Washington, D.C., March 31, 1888, and was interred in the Congressional Cemetery.
The Helmick Covered Bridge is named for him and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sources
1817 births
1888 deaths
Politicians from Canton, Ohio
People from New Philadelphia, Ohio
Burials at the Congressional Cemetery
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Canton, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Black snapper is a common name for a fish.
Black snapper may refer to:
Apsilus dentatus, a member of the snapper fish family
Lutjanus griseus, the snapper fish family found in the coastal waters of the western Atlantic Ocean
Sistrurus catenatus, a venomous pit viper found mostly in the United States
Girella tricuspidata a fish from New Zealand
The Malaysia women's national rugby union team first played in 2009.
History
Results summary
(Full internationals only)
Results
See Women's international rugby for information about the status of international games and match numbering
Full internationals
Other matches
External links
Malaysia on IRB.com
Rugby union in Malaysia
Malaysia national rugby union team
Asian national women's rugby union teams
Women's national rugby union teams
The Norwegian Seafood Federation (, FHL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current CEO is Geir Andreassen. Chairman of the board is Ole-Eirik Lerøy.
References
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
The 1988 Arab Cup Final was a football match that took place on 21 July 1988, at the Amman International Stadium in Amman, Jordan, to determine the winner of the 1988 Arab Cup. Iraq defeated Syria 4–3 on penalties after a draw 1–1 to win their fourth Arab Cup.
Road to the final
Match
Details
References
External links
1988 Arab Cup - rsssf.com
F
1988
Nations
Nations
Association football penalty shoot-outs
International association football competitions hosted by Jordan
Iraq national football team matches
Syria national football team matches
July 1988 sports events in Asia
20th century in Amman
The NCAA Men's Basketball All-American teams are teams made up of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) basketball players voted the best in the country by a variety of organizations.
History
All-America teams in college basketball were first named by both College Humor magazine and the Christy Walsh Syndicate in 1929. In 1932, the Converse shoe company began publishing All-America teams in their yearly "Converse Basketball Yearbook," and continued doing so until they ceased publication of the yearbook in 1983. The Helms Athletic Foundation, created in 1936, retroactively named All-America teams for years 1905–35, and also continued naming teams until 1983. The Associated Press began naming its team selections in 1948.
Consensus teams
While an increasing number of media outlets select All-America teams, the NCAA recognizes consensus All-America teams back to 1905. These teams have drawn from two to six major media sources over the years, and are intended to reflect the opinions of most college basketball experts. Today the four outlets used to select consensus teams are the Associated Press, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the United States Basketball Writers Association and Sporting News magazine. Since 1984, the NCAA has applied a standardized point system to those teams designated as "major" All-American teams to determine consensus teams. The point system consists of three points for first team, two points for second team and one point for third team. No honorable mention or fourth team or lower are used in the computation. The top five totals plus ties are first team and the next five plus ties are second team.
Teams used to determine consensus selections
Through the years, the following media outlets have been recognized and have been used to determine consensus teams. From 1905 to 1928, the Helms Athletic Foundation All-America teams are considered the "official" teams of those years by the NCAA.
Leaders by school
The top ten schools with the most consensus first-team All-Americans are listed below, ranked by total number of selections. For a complete list, please see the NCAA records.
Academic All-Americans
In 1963, the first Academic All-American basketball team was named. The first team, selected by the College Sports Information Directors of America (CoSIDA), consisted of: Rod Thorn of West Virginia, Ken Charlton of Colorado, Gerry Ward of Boston College, Art Becker of Arizona State and Ray Flynn of Providence. CoSIDA has named Academic All-America teams continuously each year since. For a complete list of first-team Academic All-Americans, please see the official NCAA records.
Through 2020
Preseason All-Americans
In 1986, the Associated Press named the first preseason All-America team for the 1986–87 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Navy's David Robinson was the leading vote-getter that year. He was joined on the team by Steve Alford of Indiana, Danny Manning of Kansas, Kenny Smith of North Carolina and Pervis Ellison of Louisville. In 2011, Harrison Barnes of North Carolina became the first freshman voted a preseason All-American by the AP.
See also
NCAA Women's Basketball All-Americans – NCAA Division I women's basketball equivalent
AAU Men's Basketball All-Americans – similar honor presented to men's basketball players in the Amateur Athletic Union between 1920–21 and 1967–68
References
Awards established in 1905
History of college basketball in the United States
1929 establishments in the United States
DVL could refer to:
Differential Vascular Labeling, method to differentiate between blood and lymphatic systems
Doppler Velocity Log, an instrument used to measure velocities in water
Damn Vulnerable Linux, a Linux distribution designed for IT-Security training.
Davitamon-Lotto, former name of the Belgian cycling team Omega Pharma-Lotto
Dearne Valley Line, a railway line in England
Desert Valley League, a high school sports league in Riverside County, California, United States
Deutsche Versuchsanstalt für Luftfahrt, a German aerospace center
Deutsche Volksliste, a former Nazi institution
Deutsche Volleyball-Bundesliga, the German Volleyball-league
Devils Lake (Amtrak station), North Dakota, United States; Amtrak station code DVL
Devils Lake Regional Airport, North Dakota, United States; IATA airport code DVL
Devlali railway station, India; Indian Railways station code DVL
Digital Video Logger see Digital video recorder
Discrete Video Learning
Dishevelled, a gene family (DVL1, DVL2, and DVL3) that regulates the Wnt signaling pathway and other intercellular signaling pathways
Pioneer DVL, a series of hybrid DVD/LaserDisc players
Kesküla is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksander Kesküla (1882–1963), politician and revolutionary
Kalev Kesküla (1959–2010), writer and journalist
Kert Kesküla (1975–2011), basketball player
See also
Keskküla (disambiguation)
Estonian-language surnames
Río Ceballos is a city and tourist destination in the Province of Córdoba located in the center of Argentina. Río Ceballos is located at the foot of the Sierras Chicas, about 30 km north of the provincial capital of Córdoba and is part of the Greater Córdoba area. Río Ceballos is accessed from Córdoba by taking Route E-53 north passing the Airport or by Cordoba City through Villa Allende, Mendiolaza and Unquillo, vía Route E-57.
The Natural Hydrologic Reserve "La Quebrada Park" ("Parque La Quebrada") is 7 km beyond Río Ceballos taking the San Martin Avenue till its end.
Río Ceballos had 16,632 inhabitants according to the 2001 census, representing an increase of 29.9% over the population counted for the 1991 census. It has the fourth largest population of cities in the Greater Córdoba area.
External links
Welcome Argentina
Commercial, Industrial and Tourist Center of Río Ceballos (in Spanish)
Red Rio Ceballos
Populated places in Córdoba Province, Argentina
Archdiocese of Mérida may refer to:
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz in Spain
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida in Venezuela
Tsiranavor Church (); literally meaning apricot-colored church is a 5th-century partly ruined Armenian church located at the edge of a gorge in the town of Ashtarak, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
Confusion about the name
Some confusion about the name of the churches of Tsiranavor and Spitakavor has seemed to have occurred due to the misplacement of the Russian markers located inside the two structures. New EU-sponsored information plaques with building descriptions adopted the wrong designations of the older plates thus amplifying the confusion.
Anyone that lives in the city around the area will tell you that Spitakavor ("Whitish") is the white church from the 5th Century, and Tsiranavor ("Apricotish") is the apricot colored church from the 13th Century. The name plaques at the churches however will tell you the opposite.
Nearby is also the church of Karmravor ("Reddish"), formally known as the Church of Holy Mother of God (Surb Astvatsatsin). It is a 7th Century Armenian Apostolic church. Furthermore, there are the churches of S. Mariane and S. Sarkis. In the gorge is a unique bridge built in 1664.
Location
It may be seen across the gorge from the church of Surp Sarkis, but is easiest reached via the streets of the neighborhood that it sits within. Very close (just down the street 3 houses) and also sitting along the gorge is the church of Tsiranavor (literally meaning apricotish because of its color), built between the 13th-14th centuries.
Architecture
Tsiranavor Church is a triple-aisled basilica built in the 5th century, and most-likely renovated the years between 540 and 557. There is not a foundation inscription, but evidence indicating a date for the construction of the church include the archaic T-shaped piers, the arches of the nave, and the two pilasters that survive at the north wall that do not correspond to those at the south wall. Traces of an earlier 5th century structure in the construction details have also been found.
The front façade had at one time been painted white, and is covered in inscriptions. One portal leads into the building from the south wall, and another (now blocked off) was at the western wall. All of the walls, the horseshoe apse flanked by two rectangular chambers, two massive piers, and the southern aisle's columns remain standing. At the west end a small portion of the vaulted ceiling remains, but much of it has since collapsed. During the 17th century the church was fortified by doubling the north and west walls in order to defend the structure, and above the southern wall a gun slot was erected. In 1815, the church was partially ruined. The south façade was supposedly rebuilt at one point. During 1963-64, restorations were done to the church which revealed walls, piers, arches, fragments of vaults, and a khachkar.
Legend
According to a legend, three sisters lived in Ashtarak, all of whom fell in love with the same man, Prince Sargis. The elder two sisters decided to commit suicide in favor of the youngest one. One wearing an apricot-orange dress and the other wearing a red dress, they threw themselves into the gorge. When the youngest sister found out, she put on a white dress and also threw herself into the gorge. Sargis then became a hermit and three small churches appeared at the edge of the gorge, named after the sisters' dress colors.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Armenian Architectural Studies
Armenian Apostolic churches in Ashtarak
Tourist attractions in Aragatsotn Province
Buildings and structures in Aragatsotn Province
Qijia Township () is a township-level division situated in Shangyi County, Zhangjiakou, Hebei, China.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Hebei
References
Township-level divisions of Hebei
The Loutre River is a tributary of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River, flowing into the town of La Malbaie, between the towns of Cap-à-l'Aigle and Saint-Fidèle, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, in Canada. The course of this river flows into the St. Lawrence in the hamlet of Bas-de-l'Anse, northeast of the town of La Malbaie.
The valley of this watercourse is served by route 138 (Malcolm-Fraser Blvd.) which runs along the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River and by route Sainte-Mathilde East.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational tourism activities (including resort and bed and breakfasts), second.
The surface of this stream is generally frozen from mid-December to late-March. Nevertheless, safe ice traffic is generally from late December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the "Loutre River" are:
North side: Port au Persil River, Noire River, Port au Saumon River, Saguenay River;
East side: St. Lawrence River;
South side: St. Lawrence River;
West side: Baptiste-Jean brook, Comporté River, Jacob River, Snigole River, Malbaie River.
The Loutre River originates from a small unidentified lake (length: ; altitude: ) in forest area. From the mouth of this head lake, the course of the Loutre River descends by traveling according to the following segments:
south by cutting a forest road to a bend in the river, corresponding to the confluence of a creek (coming from the east);
south to a creek (coming from the east);
southerly, bypassing the hamlet of Bas-de-Anse, to the bridge of route 138;
southeasterly down the cliff in a forest area to the shore of the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Toponymy
The origin of the name "rivière à la Loutre" is related to the presence of otters in this area.
The toponym "rivière à la Loutre" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
Notes and references
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Sinogold () is a Chinese automobile manufacturer headquartered in Shandong, China, that specializes in producing electric vehicles.
History
Sinogold was founded by Zhongwei Wang in 2016, and is based in Shandong. Sinogold joined with Shandong Guojin (Kingold) Automobile Manufacturing Co. in May 2016. Sinogold's factory stamps, welds, assembles, and paints all Sinogold vehicles.
Sinogold produced the K01 and the K03 in 2016, but they both failed to enter production. They later became the GM3.
There first production vehicle was the G60, which was later renamed the Sinogold GM3. It came out in 2017 and was a compact MPV heavily inspired by the Citroen Grand C4 Picasso. Its dimensions are 4,615 mm/1,845 mm/1,655 mm, and a top speed of 60 kilometres per hour. In May 2017, Sinogold was sued for advertising a picture of the Citroen C4 instead of the Sinogold GM3.
As of December 2021, patent images of a rebadged Chery Arrizo 5e surfaced wearing the Sinogold logo. The electric compact car was codenamed SGA7000BEV3 and features slightly restyled front grilles and front and rear bumpers with a length of 4572mm or 4602mm, a width of 1825mm and a height of 1496mm. The wheelbase is 2670mm long. The maximum power output was listed as 120kW.
Vehicles
Current models
Sinogold currently has two production vehicles.
See also
Leapmotor
Min'an Electric
NIO
Bordrin
References
Electric vehicle manufacturers of China
Car brands
Car manufacturers of China
Chinese brands
Sinogold vehicles
The Cabinet of Ministers (; ) is an executive body chaired by the Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Kyrgyzstan. The status and provisions of the government are determined by Section V of the Constitution of Kyrgyzstan. The cabinet consists of the deputy chairmen, ministers and the chairmen of state committees.
Current Cabinet of Ministers
Below are the 16 members of the Cabinet of Ministers as of 3 February 2021:
The Kyrgyzstan Parliament approved a smaller executive cabinet, consolidating several ministries and reducing their number from 22 to 16 on 3 February 2021; this was partially in response to the political unrest which swept the nation in October 2020. President Sadyr Japarov has stated he would like to see further reductions.
Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers – Ulukbek Maripov.
First Deputy Chairman – Artyom Novikov
Deputy Chairman — Ulukbek Karymshakov
Minister of Economy and Finance – Ulukbek Karymshakov
Minister of Defense – Taalaibek Omuraliev
Minister of Foreign Affairs – Ruslan Kazakbayev
Minister of Justice – Asel Chinbayeva
Minister of Internal Affairs – Ulan Niyazbekov
Minister of Education and Science – Almazbek Beyshenaliev
Minister of Health and Social Development – Alymkadyr Beyshenaliev
Minister of Transportation, Architecture, Construction and Communication – Gulmira Abdralieva
Minister of Energy and Industry – Kubanychbek Turdubayev
Minister of Agriculture, Water Resources and Regional Development – Askarbek Janybekov
Minister of Emergency Situations – Boobek Ajikeev
Minister of Culture, Information, Sports and Youth Policy – Kayrat Iymanaliev
Chairman of the State Committee for National Security – Kamchybek Tashiev
Head of the Government Office — Jenishbek Asankulov, Minister of Economy and Finance.
References
External links
The Attack on Squak Valley Chinese laborers took place on September 7, 1885, in Squak Valley (now called Issaquah), Washington Territory, when a group of men fired their guns into several tents where a group of Chinese hop pickers were sleeping. The gunfire resulted in the death of three Chinese men and the wounding of three others. The attackers were later identified and brought to trial, but all were acquitted.
The attack was part of a widespread pattern of racially motivated violence against Chinese immigrants in the United States. During the latter half of the 19th century, there were more than 150 documented group attacks against Chinese communities and settlers throughout North America.
Some of the details about what happened in Squak Valley are in dispute. There are brief accounts from two of the Chinese victims of the attack and several statements from those who investigated the crime, but otherwise the remaining information comes from statements made by the individuals who were either on trial or awaiting trial for the murder of the Chinese laborers. Several statements made during the trial directly contradicted the accounts made by others.
Undisputed accounts
Ingebright and Lars Wold were two brothers who owned a large hop farm in the Squak Valley, about 15 miles east of Seattle, in the 1880s. For several years they had been using local American Indian laborers to pick the hop crop, but in 1885 the market prices for hops were very low. After failing to negotiate lower wages with the Indians, in late August the Wold Brothers contracted with the firm of Quong Chong & Company in Seattle to bring Chinese laborers to pick the hops for a reduced rate.
On Saturday afternoon, September 5, a group of thirty-seven Chinese laborers arrived at the Wold Brothers' farm. They pitched their tents in the orchard at the farm. That same night a group of local Squak Valley residents, led by Samuel Robertson and DeWitt Rumsey, visited the Chinese and told them they should leave the Valley. They were interrupted by one of the Wold Brothers' workers, who persuaded the local men to go see the Wold Brothers. The local men met with the Wold Brothers and told them that the Chinese must leave, or else the same men would come back and force them to leave. The Wold Brothers told the group to go away and let the Chinese do their work. The group then left and returned to their homes.
On Sunday, September 6, news of the Wyoming Rock Springs Massacre of Chinese miners was on the front page of the Seattle newspaper.
On Monday, September 7, 1885, at about 4 o'clock, another group of about thirty Chinese started to enter Squak Valley and were met at George W. Tibbetts' store by a group of white men and Indians. The crowd intimidated the arriving Chinese, who turned around and went back the way they came. There are no known reports of who was in the group of men that turned the Chinese away.
Somewhere around 10 p.m. that same day, a group of at least five white men and two Indians went to the Chinese camp on the Wold Brother's farm. Several rounds of shots were fired into the tents of the Chinese workers, and at least six Chinese workers were hit by the gunfire. Two, identified as Fung Woey and Mong Gow, died quickly, and another, identified as Yeng San, died the following morning. The remaining three wounded men, named Gong Heng, Ah Jow and Mun Gee, recovered, although Mun Gee was reported to have more permanent injuries.
King County Sheriff McGraw and King County Coroner L. B. Dawson conducted an investigation of the shooting the next day. The coroner convened an official inquest to look into the matter, and on Tuesday, September 8, a hearing was held. At the hearing, eleven men testified before a jury of six local residents. Those testifying were: Gong Heng, Joseph Day, I. A. Wold, L. A. Wold, Sam Gustin, M. De Witt Rumsey, J. A. Wold, George W. Tibbetts, William A. Wolf, Perry Bayne, and Sam Robertson. Under oath, Robertson admitted taking part in the shooting and named several others who were there with him. The jury found that the Chinese were killed "by gun and pistol wounds initiated by M. DeWitt Rumsey, Joseph Day, Perry Bayne, David Hughes, Samuel Robertson, Indian Curley, Indian Johnny and other persons to us unknown."
Two days later a grand jury indicted all of those named by the coroner's jury, except Sam Robertson. The judge gave Roberson immunity in return for his testimony against the others.
Prosecuting Attorney J. T. Ronald decided to try Perry Bayne first, since he was implicated by Robertson as the leader of those who did the shooting. On October 28, the trial of Perry Bayne started in Seattle. It lasted a full week. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty after deliberating less than one-half hour.
The prosecutor then charged the same seven men, plus George Tibbetts, with inciting a riot. Another trial was held in late November, and all of the defendants were found guilty. They were fined $500 each. The defendants appealed their conviction to the Territorial Supreme Court on the grounds that women had been wrongly included on the grand jury that had handed down the indictments. In January, 1888, the Court agreed with the defendants, saying that the law required all members of grand juries to be qualified voters, and women at that time did not have the right to vote in Washington Territory. All of the convictions were overturned.
Disputed information
The number of people who went to the Chinese camp on Saturday night and on Monday night was stated by various defendants to have been at least seven and as many as twenty. Everyone who testified was uncertain about the number and exactly who was in the group.
At the murder trial, the defendants said that they were just going to tell the Chinese to leave or get lost, but when they got to the camp someone in the camp shot at them first. The defendants claimed they returned the fire only in self-defense.
The role of the local Indians in the attack is unclear. Several Indians testified that they were present in the group that went to the camp, and two men, identified as Indian Joe and Indian Curley, were indicted for the murder. During Perry Bayne's trial, at least one person testified that the Indians fled when the shooting started.
Although Sam Robertson first testified against the other defendants, at the trial the defendants said he was the leader and they went along mainly to keep him from harming the Chinese.
Testimony about the number and types of guns supposedly used, and who did or did not use them, varied from person to person.
See also
Chinese American history
History of the Chinese Americans in Seattle
Anti-Chinese sentiment in the United States
Chinese Exclusion Act
Anti-Chinese violence in Oregon
Anti-Chinese violence in California
Anti-Chinese violence in Washington
Chinese massacre of 1871
San Francisco riot of 1877
Rock Springs massacre, 1885
Tacoma riot of 1885
Seattle riot of 1886
Hells Canyon massacre, 1887
Pacific Coast Race Riots of 1907
Bellingham riots of 1907
Torreón massacre, 1911 in Mexico
References
1885 murders in the United States
Ku Klux Klan crimes
1885 riots
Anti-Chinese violence in the United States
Native American history of Washington (state)
Chinese-American culture in Washington (state)
Crimes in Washington (state)
1885 in Washington Territory
Asian-American issues
Riots and civil disorder in Washington (state)
September 1885 events
Hate crimes
Deaths by firearm in Washington (state)
Issaquah, Washington
Abadan is a village located in Jalandhar West community development block of Jalandhar - I tehsil, Jalandhar district, Punjab state, India.
Geography
Abadan is located at a distance of 4 km from Lambran village, which is located on National Highway 703, old NH 71. Nearby villages are Kotla, Rasulpur Khurd, Sammipur and Kurali (Jalandhar), not to be confused with Kurali in SAS Nagar district. Total area of Abadan is 77 hectares (190 acres)
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India, Abadan had 57 households with a total population of 319 of which 163 (51%) were males and 156 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 41. The literacy rate of Abadan village was 83.81% compared to 75.84% of Punjab. In Abadan Male literacy was 90.58% while female literacy rate was 77.14%. The sex ratio was 892 females per thousand males.
Transport
The nearest railway station to Abadan is Jalandhar Railway station at a distance of 12 km.
Postcode
Abadan's Post office is Lambran.
References
External links
A Punjabi website with Abadan's details
Villages in Jalandhar district
The Journal of Contemporary Ethnography is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in ethnography. The journal's editors-in-chief are Charles Edgley and Jeffrey E. Nash (University of Arkansas, Little Rock). It was established in 1972 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of Contemporary Ethnography is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.862, ranking it 32nd out of 40 journals in the category "Urban Studies" and 93rd out of 146 journals in the category "Sociology".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Ethnography journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1972
Clearwater County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,734. The county seat is Orofino. Established in 1911, the county was named after the Clearwater River.
The county is home to North Fork of the Clearwater River, and a small portion of the South Fork and the main Clearwater. Also in the county are the Dworshak Reservoir, Dworshak State Park, Dworshak National Fish Hatchery, and the Dworshak Dam, third highest in the U.S. The modest Bald Mountain ski area is located between Orofino and Pierce.
History
The Clearwater River and Lolo Pass, in the southeast corner of the county, were made famous by the exploration of Lewis and Clark in the early 19th century. Following an arduous trek through the Bitterroot Mountains, suffering through a mid-September snowstorm and near starvation, the Corps of Discovery expedition camped with the Nez Perce tribe on the Weippe Prairie outside of present-day Weippe in 1805. With the assistance of the Nez Perce, the expedition recuperated and constructed burned-out canoes at Canoe Camp in October 1805 and then paddled down the Clearwater, Snake, and Columbia rivers and met the Pacific Ocean a month later at present-day Astoria, Oregon.
Elias D. Pierce and Wilbur F. Bassett made the first discovery of gold in Idaho, on Orofino Creek (Canal Gulch) in 1860, north of present-day Pierce.
Until 1904, Clearwater County was part of Shoshone County to the north. It was annexed by Nez Perce County for several years and then was established as a new county in 1911. The original county seat of Shoshone County was Pierce, in today's Clearwater County. It was the first gold rush area of present-day Idaho (then Washington Territory) in 1860 and was made the county seat of a vast Shoshone County in 1861, two years prior to the establishment of the Idaho Territory. When the Silver Valley population rose dramatically in the 1880s, the seat was moved to Murray in 1884 (and to Wallace in 1898) to better serve the majority of the county's population. The population of the southern area increased with homesteading in the Weippe area in the late 1890s. The vast distance and time required for travel to Wallace from the Clearwater River area prompted the move of the southern portion to Nez Perce County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. It is part of the Palouse, a wide and rolling prairie-like region of the middle Columbia basin.
Adjacent counties
Shoshone County – north
Mineral County, Montana – northeast/Mountain Time Border
Missoula County, Montana– east/Mountain Time Border
Idaho County – south
Lewis County – southwest
Nez Perce County – southwest
Latah County – west
Major highways
US-12
SH-7
SH-8
SH-11
National protected areas
Clearwater National Forest (part)
Mallard-Larkins Pioneer Area
Lolo Trail National Historic Landmark (part)
Nez Perce National Historical Park (part)
Canoe Camp
Musselshell Meadows
Pierce Courthouse
Weippe Prairie
St. Joe National Forest (part)
Ski area
Bald Mountain Ski Area
Government and infrastructure
The Idaho Department of Correction operates the Idaho Correctional Institution-Orofino in Orofino.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,930 people, 3,456 households, and 2,481 families living in the county. The population density was 3.6 people per square mile (1.5/km2). There were 4,144 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.82% White, 0.15% Black or African American, 2.03% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.63% from other races, and 1.96% from two or more races. 1.85% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 24.0% were of German, 14.0% English, 11.7% Irish and 10.5% American ancestry.
There were 3,456 households, out of which 28.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.50% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.20% were non-families. 24.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.84.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.00% under the age of 18, 5.90% from 18 to 24, 26.30% from 25 to 44, 29.20% from 45 to 64, and 15.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 113.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,071, and the median income for a family was $37,259. Males had a median income of $31,426 versus $21,694 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,463. About 9.70% of families and 13.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.90% of those under age 18 and 8.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,761 people, 3,660 households, and 2,397 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,453 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.9% white, 2.2% American Indian, 0.7% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.8% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.3% were German, 17.8% were Irish, 13.8% were English, 6.7% were American, and 6.2% were Norwegian.
Of the 3,660 households, 22.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.5% were non-families, and 29.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.71. The median age was 49.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,835 and the median income for a family was $46,415. Males had a median income of $42,568 versus $30,048 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,507. About 9.0% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Elk River
Orofino
Pierce
Weippe
Unincorporated communities
Ahsahka
Cardiff
Cavendish
Dent
Grangemont
Greer
Headquarters
Hollywood
Judge Town
Konkolville
Moose City
Teakean
Ghost town
Fraser
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2010 census of Clearwater County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clearwater County, Idaho
References
External links
State of Idaho – Clearwater County
Clearwater Museum – official site
Idaho counties
1911 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1911
1,3,5-Triheptylbenzene (also called sym-triheptylbenzene) is an aromatic organic compound with a chemical formula and molar mass 372.67 g/mol. It can be prepared by the hydrogenation reduction reaction of 1,1',1''-(benzene-1,3,5-triyl)tris(heptan-1-one). Alternatively, 1-nonyne trimerizes to 1,3,5-triheptylbenzene when catalyzed by rhodium trichloride.
References
Alkylbenzenes
Dichogama redtenbacheri, the caper-leaf webworm moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Julius Lederer in 1863. It is found in Florida, the West Indies, Costa Rica and South America.
The wingspan is about 28 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing year round.
The larvae feed on Capparis species, including Capparis cynophallophora. They fold or spin together the leaves with silk to make a shelter.
References
Moths described in 1863
Dichogamini
Jack Stephen Payne (born 5 December 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League side Boreham Wood.
Career
Gillingham
He made his debut for Gillingham in a League Two match against Chester City on 25 October 2008, and signed an 18-month professional contract three months later. He was voted Young Player of the Year for Gillingham at the end of the 2008–09 season. He made his first senior start for the club on 8 August 2009 in a 5–0 League One victory over Swindon Town. Payne's form created interest from then Championship side Reading though no offer was ever lodged. Payne then signed a two-year extension in November 2011 to keep him at the club until 2015.
Peterborough United
In January 2013, Payne signed on loan for Championship club Peterborough United until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move. Payne had been due to sign for the Posh in the summer of 2012, however the deal fell through. Payne made 14 appearances whilst on loan at Peterborough, having made his debut for the club on 2 February 2013 as an 84th-minute substitute in a 2–2 draw with Burnley. Peterborough finished 22nd in the Championship and were relegated to League One, whilst parent club Gillingham were promoted to League One as League Two champions. He joined Peterborough United on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee in summer 2013. Payne featured as a 67th minute substitute when Peterborough defeated Chesterfield 3–1 in the 2013–14 EFL Trophy final at Wembley. Following the conclusion of the 2014–15 season, he was transfer-listed by the club.
On 1 September 2015, Payne went on a season-long loan to League Two club Leyton Orients, with an option for a permanent deal. He made his debut for the club on 12 September 2015 in a 1–1 draw with Cambridge United. He scored his first goal for the club on 24 October 2015 with the only goal of a 1–0 win away to Morecambe. He made 32 appearances for the Orient across the 2015–16 season, and scored once.
Blackpool
In August 2016 he signed for Blackpool on a one-year deal. He left the club in May 2017 after his contract ended, shortly after featuring for the club in their League Two play-off final victory over Exeter City.
Ebbsfleet United
Payne signed for side Ebbsfleet United in June 2017. He made his debut for the Kent side in a 2–2 draw away to Guiseley on the opening day of the 2017–18 season.
He joined fellow National League side Eastleigh on a one-month loan in September 2018.
Eastleigh
Having rejected the offer of a new deal at Ebbsfleet, Payne joined Eastleigh permanently in June 2019, signing a one-year deal with the Hampshire side. He made his second debut for the side in a 1–0 victory over Notts County on 3 August 2019.
Crawley Town
Payne joined League Two side Crawley Town for an undisclosed fee on 1 July 2021 on an initial one-year deal, with the option of an additional year.
Boreham Wood
In July 2022, Payne joined Boreham Wood of the National League following the cancellation of his contract with Crawley.
Career statistics
Honours
Blackpool
EFL League Two play-offs: 2017
Gillingham
EFL League Two: 2012–13
Peterborough
EFL Trophy: 2013–14
Individual
Gillingham Young Player of the Season: 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gravesend, Kent
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Gillingham F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Eastleigh F.C. players
Crawley Town F.C. players
Boreham Wood F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
In motorsports, a factory-backed racing team or driver is one sponsored by a vehicle manufacturer in official competitions. As motorsport competition is an expensive endeavor, some degree of factory support is desired and often necessary for success. The lowest form of factory backing comes in the form of contingency awards, based upon performance, which help to defray the cost of competing. Full factory backing can be often seen in the highest forms of international competition, with major motorsport operations often receiving hundreds of millions of euros to represent a particular manufacturer.
One-make series can also be backed by the factory, notably Ferrari Challenge and Porsche Supercup purely to allow themselves sell their competition specials of their models to customers and to organize series. These series commonly offer prize money and even sometimes a factory drive in an upper-level series.
In lower level racing, support from dealerships and importers may also be referred to as factory backing. In drifting, where factory backed teams are few and far between (Mopar and Pontiac of Formula D for example), works team/drivers are those backed by large or highly established tuning companies, as opposed to those entered by the drivers themselves or smaller and less well-off tuning companies. The advantage to this is drivers can get access to expensive prototype parts provided by the company that are not yet available to customers and in the event of their car being too badly damaged to compete, a back-up car will be available to them.
See also
Satellite team
Works team
Privateer (motorsport)
References
External links
Motorsport terminology
William Stott (16 September 1879 – 25 March 1956) was a British trade unionist.
Born in Boroughbridge, then in the West Riding of Yorkshire, Stott began working at the age of fifteen, as a goods clerk for the North Eastern Railway. In 1900, Stott was promoted to work at the District Managers' Office in York; while there, he joined the Railway Clerks' Association (RCA). His manager disapproved of this and, when Stott refused to leave the union, he was transferred to a small town.
In 1909, Stott was appointed as the full-time Assistant Secretary of the RCA, serving in this office for many years. He edited the union's Railway Service Journal for twelve years, and from 1924 headed up the union's movements department. He was secretary of two joint sectional councils: the Somerset and Dorset, and London and South West, then in 1934, became secretary of the London and North Eastern Railway council number one.
Alexander Walkden, long-term general secretary of the RCA, stood down in 1936, and Stott was elected as his replacement, also winning election to the General Council of the Trades Union Congress. However, he retired from all his posts in 1940, spending the remainder of World War II on the Advisory Council on Reserved Occupations.
References
1879 births
1956 deaths
General Secretaries of the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
People from Boroughbridge
The Mercury was a cyclecar built in Detroit, Michigan, by the Mercury Cyclecar Company at 807 South Scotten Street in 1913-1914.
History
The Mercury Cyclecar had a self-supporting body that eliminated the need for a chassis frame. The vehicle was equipped with a two-cylinder air-cooled V-twin engine from DeLuxe which also supplied power for the Sears Dreadnought and Minneapolis motorcycles and other brands. It used a friction transmission and a copper-riveted V belt final drive. Body styles were the tandem two-seater, a one-seater for salesman use, and a light delivery van. The factory was set up at the former location of the Detroit Tribune when operations of the newspaper had ended earlier, and the car company was established by W.J. Marshall and R.C. Albertus. A prototype was completed and test driven by 15 November 1913, claiming to be the first cyclecar sold in Detroit.
The car used unibody construction, a transverse half-elliptic spring supporting the front axle, and two quarter elliptic springs under the rear axle. It had a wheelbase. The car was selected by the Michigan State Automobile School, who bought the Mercury Cyclecar Company when the company went bankrupt, and initially decided to continue to manufacturer and sell the car for $200 ($ in dollars ), then the school reconsidered the idea. W.J. Marshall then relocated the business to 815 South Scotten Street when he became general manager of H. Collier Smith Company that manufactured sheet metal fabricating machinery.
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Michigan
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Michigan
Cyclecars
Brass Era vehicles
1910s cars
Princess Halliday is a TV personality, professor of ethics, leadership ambassador, talk show host, trained petroleum engineer, communications expert, motivational speaker and occasional actress. She is the founder of the Empower Africa Initiative.
Halliday is the host and executive producer of The Princess Halliday Show, which airs on M-Net on the DSTV platform across 48 African countries. It is also syndicated across Nigeria on Silverbird Television, and in the UK on BEN TV.
Early life
Halliday hails from Bonny Island in Rivers State, Nigeria; Her mother is from the Halliday Awusa "King Halliday" House of the Kingdom of Bonny, making Halliday a princess by birth.
At the age of 3, she hosted her first radio talk show, Kiddies World and by the age of 14, she had held a number of roles at different companies. She enrolled into university at the age of 15 to become a Petroleum Engineer. She has worked in both upstream and downstream sectors of oil and gas.
Halliday, aside from speaking English, is fluent in Hindi, some French and Arabic.
Career
Empower Africa Initiative
At age 19, Princess Halliday founded the Empower Africa Initiative whose mission is to positively enhance the mindset of the world by showcasing and engaging people, communities, and organizations, while empowering them to lead, innovate, and serve authentically. Halliday began producing her television show the Princess Halliday Show in collaboration with Multichoice Africa to be syndicated on M-Net via the DSTV network. The show has Halliday and her team travel across the world to showcase world leaders, global players, entrepreneurs, movie stars and ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
In 2012, Halliday after a visit to the Niger Delta area and taking note of the lack of structure in the water network, mobilized the Empower Africa Initiative in conjunction with the Niger Delta Development Commission of Nigeria to carry out the Reticulation of pipes in the Niger delta area, creating pipe borne water for several Niger delta communities.
Halliday is the first young Nigerian to properly strive to have a degree in Leadership that transcribes what it means to lead authentically. Princess Halliday desires to use her degree and expertise to change negative stereotypes of Africans where young women are not often believed to be leaders.
2014 till date
In 2014, Halliday earned a leadership training from Harvard University known as "Communicating with Influence-The Art of Persuasion". She has a degree in Leadership from Woodbury University. Determined to revolutionize the understanding of leadership as Africa knows it, Halliday frequently strengthens the need for mindsets to be empowered.
Halliday hosted the 2014 Miss Commonwealth International Pageant in the UK. She also served Rivers State as a special media and image consultant to wife of the governor of Rivers State at the time, Dame Judith Amaechi.
Halliday along with women from Rivers State visited Morocco for the World Leaders Summit/Crans Montana Female Leadership Forum in Rabat, where she met the President of Malta, Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca, the youngest female to assume the office of the President, and her Chief of Staff John Camilleri.
In 2015, the Princess Halliday show was renewed for another season, and she played host to a number of notable international guests including, American Christian contemporary singer Don Moen, Jamaican singer Chevelle Franklyn, former Nigerian Presidential candidate, Professor Pat Utomi, emmy nominated actress Amy Gibson, Hollywood actor from the movie "the perfect match" Rob Riley and a former Rivers State gubernatorial candidate Dakuku Peterside and many others. Halliday has also interviewed Nollywood actors, Mike Ezuruonye, Tonto Dikeh, Jim Iyke, Robert O. Peters, Joseph Benjamin, Raz Adoti, International singer Ron Kenoly, Nigeria megachurch pastor and church leader, Apostle Johnson Suleiman, the former Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency(NIMASA) Raymond Temisan Omatseye and many other others on her show.
Halliday made her acting debut in 2015, in a TV series produced by Nollywood film-maker Obi Emelonye, titled The Calabash.
In July 2016, Empower Africa Initiative alongside Princess Halliday designed the merchandise theme "Empowered", designed to help prepare and guide all to their own empowered parity. Portions of proceeds from this design goes towards helping the underprivileged in Africa. The sales have garnered support from several celebrities and people of note.
Global speaking engagement
In December 2016, Halliday was invited to speak on corruption at the Parliament House of Commons London at the care of the MP Helen Grant (Maidstone & The Weald). The event was organized by Alistair Soyode, the owner of BEN TV with the focus on dealing with the issue of corruption in Africa.
Halliday is one of the designated speakers for the 2017 Nigeria-Agri Food Investment Forum 2017. Her focus was on addressing the seemingly increasing barriers to leadership, business and investment in Nigeria and proffering solutions through which this can be strengthened.
In 2017 leadership
In 2017, Halliday commenced working on the World African Women Leadership Conference, committed to ensuring women in leadership position are strengthened to lead authentically while ensuring young girls receive the educational opportunity, leadership development and mentoring support needed to be authentic leaders.
Princess Halliday spoke and addressed leaders at the Mackerel Business and Leadership conference in Virginia Commonwealth University on "How Authenticity Affects Leaders in Africa" Princess who with very substantial experience on Leadership & Strategy, shared on “How Authenticity Affect Business Leaders in Africa“ believing it is time for business leaders to begin to change their mindset from the conventional development mindset to a revolutionary and investment mindset revealing that there is increasing hope for Africa.
World Bank Meeting Annual 2017
"I am aware that people can hardly correlate a beautiful lady to leadership especially in our continent where young women are not believed to be carriers of great initiative. This has been a great challenge to me and so daily I endeavor to do the extraordinary. I strive to educate and empower men and women to identify their leadership parity and have young girls know that they have the capacity to be leaders and yes Beauty Equates to Leadership. I am a leader with my own style. Am I changing the dynamics of leadership? Yes I am and this is so important to me. We have had enough of the conventional stalled leadership that has existed for so long and very rarely worked. It is time for a revolution. You can be young, pretty, intelligent, do things the right way and be an Authentic Leader," she said.
She said, "Oftentimes, leaders talk about growth and giving opportunity to the young generation but in reality very few leaders want growth. Power gets intoxicating and so it becomes hard for them to let go. But the truth is great leaders extend the circle of influence so the most junior person feels like they belong. But one great challenge for Africa– one that has stalled her leadership – is how to convince 1.2 billion people to put aside competing interests, sideline different religions, leaderless uprising, ethnicity, political persuasions, and build a United Nation with Authentic leaders to truly bring about significant change."
Leadership style
As a guest lecturer at California State University, Northridge, it has been noted that Princess Halliday strives for women in Africa to get a sit at the table with a mission to develop ethical leaders with an ability to think critically and act effectively. She has constantly liaised with the women in position of authority in Africa, accentuating the need for embracing Empowered parity.
Personal life
Halliday currently lives in West Hollywood, California, in the United States, where, as of 2016, episodes of her television show were being taped. When asked about marriage, the Leadership Newspaper quotes her as saying “I will be married to a man with great wisdom and one who understands the turbulence of my call on earth. His footstep is still being orchestrated!”
Awards and recognition
In recognition of her work in diverse fields, Halliday has received a number of laurels, including being recognized by the International Commonwealth platform in London, and she was given the award for the Youngest Executive Producer/TV Talk show Host in History.
Princess Halliday's passion for showcasing positivity and her uncanny ability to lead authentically with emotional intelligence and communicate with empathy has solidified her as one of the young female authentic voice in the world.
The Canadian federal government recently honored Princess Halliday with the Outstanding Leadership award to Africa in London November 2016.
References
Nigerian television personalities
Harvard University alumni
Woodbury University alumni
Television personalities from Rivers State
Living people
Actresses from Rivers State
Year of birth missing (living people)
Swansea East Dock railway station served the city of Swansea, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1880 to 1936 on the Swansea and Neath Railway.
History
The station was opened on 1 October 1880 by the Great Western Railway. It was known as Swansea East Dock Fabians Bay in the handbook of stations. The engine shed closed in 1964. The station closed on 28 September 1936.
References
Disused railway stations in Swansea
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1880
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1936
1880 establishments in Wales
1936 disestablishments in Wales
Villa Bella is a village in the Vaca Díez Province, in the Beni Department of Bolivia.
References
Populated places in Beni Department
Callistege diagonalis is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in North America, including Arizona and New Mexico.
The wingspan is about 28 mm.
References
External links
Moths described in 1898
Callistege
Jill O'Sullivan is a multi-instrumentalist, singer and songwriter who grew up in Chicago and is based in Glasgow, Scotland. Currently performing as Jill Lorean, O'Sullivan has been a member of bands Sparrow and the Workshop, Bdy_Prts and Three Queens in Mourning, as well as contributing to records by Frightened Rabbit, James Yorkston, Roddy Woomble, Broken Chanter, The Grand Gestures, The Fruit Tree Foundation and the Gral Brothers.
Career
O'Sullivan moved to London in 2005 to pursue a masters degree in Sociology, completing her studies in Glasgow in 2007, where she soon after formed Sparrow and the Workshop with Nick Packer and Gregor Donaldson. The trio were signed to a label, Distiller Records, and released two EP's and three albums over the course of 6 years. After releasing their third album, Murderopolis, in 2013, the band took a break and O'Sullivan formed an alt pop duo with Jenny Reeve and, with the help of drummer Johnny Scott, released the album Fly, Invisible Hero in 2017. O'Sullivan's latest project, Jill Lorean, is a collaboration between O'Sullivan and musician/producer Andy Monaghan and drummer Peter Kelly and has so far resulted in one 6-track EP, Not Your First (2020).
O'Sullivan has also recently released a collaborative album with renowned musicians Alasdair Roberts, Alex Neilson, and Bonnie "Prince" Billy under the moniker Three Queens in Mourning (2020). In addition, she collaborated with Sean Cumming (John Knox Sex Club) on storytelling project Do the Gods Speak Esperanto, released in 2017. Over the years O'Sullivan has also collaborated with Scott Hutchinson, Emma Pollock, and James Yorkston, amongst others, and toured with the likes of the Pogues and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. O'Sullivan has been playlisted on BBC6 Music, BBC Radio 1 and FM4, and has partaken in Lauren Laverne, Marc Riley and Maida Vale radio sessions, and has performed at Glastonbury, Bestival, Hop Farm Festival, End of the Road, Green Man, London Calling and T in the Park, amongst others.
Selected discography
Albums / EPs
Bastard Mountain - Farewell, Bastard Mountain, 2014
Do the Gods Speak Esperanto - Lotus Eaters, 2017
Bdy_Prts - Fly, Invisible Hero, 2017
Three Queens in Mourning - Hello Sorrow, Hello Joy, 2020
Jill Lorean - Not Your First, 2020
Jill Lorean - This Rock, 2022
Appears on
Patrick Watson - "Mary", 2003 (Violin)
Low Skies - "All The Love I Could Find", 2006 (Violin)
Fruit Tree Foundation - "First Edition", 2010 (Co-Write, Guitar)
Broken Records - "Dia Dos Namorados", 2010 (Vocals)
John Knox Sex Club - "Kiss the Dirt", 2011 (Vocals)
Roddy Woomble - "The Impossible Song and Other Songs", 2011 (Vocals)
The Grand Gestures - "There's No Place Like Home", 2012 (Vocals)
The Grand Gestures - "Deer in a Crosshair", 2012 (Vocals)
James Yorkston - Just as Scared", 2012 (Co-wrote, Vocals)
From Scotland With Love - "Film", 2014 (Vocals)
Frightened Rabbit - "Rained On", 2017 (Vocals)
BrewBand - "Brewband", 2018 (Violin, Vocals, Guitar)
Broken Chanter - "Broken Chanter", 2019 (Vocals, Violin)
Gral Brothers - "Caravan East", 2020 (Violin)
Alex Rex - "Andromeda"", 2020 (Vocals, Violin)
Broken Chanter - Catastrophe Hits, 2021 (Vocals, Violin)
References
External links
Bandcamp page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women singer-songwriters
Scottish singer-songwriters
Musicians from Belfast
Meneval (30 March 1973 – after 1995) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Bred in Kentucky and sent to race in Ireland as a yearling and showed considerable promise when finishing second on his only start as a two-year-old in 1975. In the following year he was undefeated in four starts, winning the Ballysax Stakes, Nijinsky Stakes and Gallinule Stakes in spring and then returning after a lengthy break to record his biggest victory in the Irish St. Leger. As a four-year-old he won the Hardwicke Stakes but failed to live up to expectations that he would become a leading contender for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He failed to reproduce his European form when campaigned in the United States in 1978. He later stood as a breeding stallion in the United States and Ireland but had little success as a sire of winners.
Background
Meneval was a "strong, very good-looking" bay horse with a small white star bred in Kentucky by Mrs G M Humphrey. As a yearling he was put up for auction at Keeneland and bought for $170,000 by representatives of Mrs George Getty II. He was sent to Europe and entered training with Vincent O'Brien at Ballydoyle.
His sire Le Fabuleux was a successful French racehorse who won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1964 and went on to sire several good winners including Dauphin Fabuleux and Effervescing. Meneval's dam Nalee won the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes and came from an outstanding family, being a daughter of Levee and a full-sister to Shuvee.
Racing career
1975: two-year-old season
Meneval mad heis racecourse debut in a maiden race over one mile at Leopardstown Racecourse in October in which he started at odds of 33/1 and finished second to his stablemate Semenenko. The independent Timeform organisation gave him a rating of 92 p (the "p" indicating that he was likely to make significant improvement) and commented that he was "sure to win races".
1976: three-year-old season
Meneval was ridden in all four of his races as a three-year-old by Lester Piggott and won easily on each occasion. On his seasonal debut he recorded his first win when he started at odds of 1/4 for the Saval Beg Stakes over ten furlongs at the Curragh in April and came home four lengths clear of his rivals. In May the colt again started 1/4 favourite for the Nijinsky Stakes over the same distance at Leopardstown and defeated the Beresford Stakes winner Whistling Deer by a length. Meneval was then moved up in distance for the Group 2 Gallinule Stakes over one and half miles at the Curragh on 29 May and justified odds of 1/3 as he beat the British-trained Lost Chord by a length and a half. The O'Brien stable was badly affected by a "virus infection" is the summer of 1976 and Meneval was off the track for well over three months.
On 18 September Meneval returned in the Irish St. Leger over one and three quarter miles at the Curragh and started the 5/6 favourite in an eleven-runner field. The best fancied of his opponents were Lost Chord, the Queen's Vase winner General Ironside and the improving handicapper Red Invader. Piggott restrained the favourite in the early stages as General Ironside built up a clear lead. Meneval overtook the leader in the straight, drew right away from the field and "hacked up" by eight lengths from General Ironside with the filly Countess Eileen three lengths back in third.
At the end of the season Timeform gave him a rating of 128, sven pounds behind their Horse of the Year Youth but only a pound behind their best stayer Sagaro.
1977: four-year-old season
Meneval remained in training as a four-year-old with the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe as his main objective. On his first appearance of the year he sustained his first defeat for over eighteen months when he finished fifth of the seven runners behind his stablemate Alleged (a 33/1 outsider) in the Royal Whip Stakes at the Curragh. In June Meneval raced outside Ireland for the first time when he was sent to Royal Ascot and started 2/1 favourite for the Hardwicke Stakes. Ridden as usual by Piggott he has held up towards the rear before finishing strongly and won by one and a half lengths from the French filly Ranimer (winner of the Sun Chariot Stakes), with Quiet Fling the same distance away in third. In July he was sent to France and finished fifth to Exceller in the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud with Piggott reporting that the colt needed softer ground to show his best form. In the Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot in September he was held up by Piggott for a late run but was never able to get on terms with the leader Orange Bay and was beaten four lengths into second place. The race had been intended to prepare the horse for the Arc, but he missed the French race and did not run again in 1977.
Timeform gave Meneval a rating of 129 for the 1977 season, four pounds behind Sagaro and Balmerino who were there top-rated older males. In the inaugural International Classification he was given a rating of 87 making him the highest-rated older horse trained in Ireland.
1978: five-year-old season
In 1978 Meneval was sent to race in the United States where he competed in the colours of J R Fluor and was trained by Stephen A. DiMauro. His North American career was a complete failure as he failed to win or place in any of his eight races.
Stud record
At the end of his racing career Meneval was retired to become a breeding stallion in the United States. He was sent to Ireland in the late 1980s where he was used as a National Hunt sire. He sired numerous minor jump race winners but no top-class performers.
Pedigree
References
1973 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 9-f
Irish Classic Race winners
Antwerpen-Noord junction (English: Antwerp North) is a highway junction in the northern part of the Antwerp agglomeration, located in the district of Ekeren. The junction lies at the northern end of the R1 ring road around the city of Antwerp, where the R1 connects to the A1/E19 road towards Breda, and the A12 road towards the port of Antwerp and, further to the north, also to the city of Bergen op Zoom.
Future: A102 outer ringway and Meccano route
Since the 1970s, several governments have made plans for the construction of the A102 outer ringway, which would run from Antwerpen-Noord junction to the Wommelgem roundabout junction to the east of Antwerp.
The construction of the A102 has also been promoted by various action groups as part of the Meccano route, an alternative to the new highway tunnel under the river Scheldt called Oosterweel Link, which would make Antwerpen-Noord a five way junction. Official plans for the construction of the road are still being studied, with a compromise launched in February 2017 demanding the combination of the Oosterweel Link and the A102.
References
Road interchanges in Belgium
National Highway 4 or National Road No.4 (10004) (in Khmer ផ្លូវជាតិលេខ ៤) is one of the national highways of Cambodia. With a length of , it connects the capital of Phnom Penh with Sihanoukville in the south-west. Sihanoukville is the only international seaport of Cambodia, making NH4 one of the country's most important highways. The road was built in the 1950s, coinciding with the construction of the port.
The road was built especially for the transport of goods between the capital and the port, by heavy trucks and containers. Portions of NH4 were considered toll roads, with three stations to collect fees. All toll stations have now been removed, the entire road is now toll free. It is also considered the most dangerous road in Cambodia due to the occurrence of several traffic accidents and limited management by authorities. Furthermore, the road is congested and in need of maintenance.
Description
The road begins at the junction of Pochentong Avenue and National Highway 3. The junction, located in western Phnom Penh near the Phnom Penh International Airport, is in the Sangkat Chaom Chau – Dangkor District. The road initially heads westerly then curves toward the south west.
After the first toll station, NH4 enters Kandal Province. It then crosses Kampong Speu, Koh Kong and Sihanoukville provinces. In the territory of Koh Kong, at Chamkar Luong, National Road 48 branches off west toward Koh Kong town and the Thai border. The junction with NH3, which leads to Kampot to the east beyond to the Vietnamese border is in the territory of Sihanoukville, at Prey Nob District.
Phnom Penh-Sihanoukville Expressway
A 190 km long expressway parallel to highway 4 is under construction, it will be Cambodia's first expressway. The expressway is built through Chinese investment at a cost of $2 billion under a build-operate-transfer contract by China Road and Bridge Corporation. The completion is planned for 2023.
References
Roads in Cambodia
The 2007 Baltimore mayoral election was held on November 6, 2007. Because Baltimore's electorate is overwhelmingly Democratic, Sheila Dixon's victory in the Democratic primary on September 11 all but assured her of victory in the general election; she defeated Republican candidate Elbert Henderson in the general election by an overwhelming majority. Dixon, who as president of the Baltimore City Council became mayor in January 2007 when Martin O'Malley resigned to become Governor of Maryland, was the first woman to be elected to the office.
Background and candidates
Martin O'Malley, the winner of the previous mayoral election, was elected governor of Maryland in 2006. Therefore, city council president Sheila Dixon became mayor for the final year of what had been O'Malley's term, and subsequently ran for reelection to a full term. Other candidates for the Democratic nomination included city councilman Keiffer J. Mitchell, Jr.; Andrey Bundley, a former school administrator who was O'Malley's only major opponent for the Democratic nomination in 2003; Frank M. Conaway, Sr., the only person, other than Dixon, in the race to have won a citywide election, who withdrew before the primary, Maryland state delegate Jill P. Carter; and perennial Baltimore-area candidate and social activist A. Robert Kaufman. Elbert Henderson was the sole candidate for the Republican nomination; he was the Republican nominee in the previous election, losing by a wide margin to O'Malley. Kweisi Mfume, former Congressman and president of the NAACP, was at one point rumored to be considering a run, but ultimately chose not to join the race. The Green Party did not nominate a mayoral candidate.
Dixon had the advantage of incumbency, but Mitchell, who was seen as the mayor's most prominent opponent, hoped to overcome that advantage with a grassroots campaign. The beginning of Dixon's term and campaign was dogged by an ethics investigation, although the city's Board of Ethics ultimately found no reason to prosecute her. An upsurge of violent crime in Baltimore during the first half of 2007 affected early campaigning. Dixon launched a number of anti-crime initiatives, focusing on illegal guns. Mitchell's initial campaign moves focused on crime; Carter, criticizing Dixon's administration for what she called overzealous policing, promised a total revamp of the police department, stating that "if we had leadership in this city, we would have already changed police commissioners." The Baltimore police commissioner later resigned his post on July 19, in an act that some observers felt would affect the course of the race.
July 2007
With less than two months remaining before the Democratic primary, Carter officially announced her candidacy, and poll of likely Democratic voters commissioned by the Baltimore Sun showed Mayor Dixon holding a comfortable lead over her nearest challenger. The poll, released on July 16, 2007, had Dixon leading Councilman Mitchell with 47 percent of the likely primary voters to Mitchell's 15 percent. The rest of the field was in single digits, below the poll's margin of error, with 28 percent undecided. Although candidates would not be required to release fundraising numbers until August, Dixon was reported to have sizeable lead in this area as well.
August 2007
With little more than a month left until the primary election, Dixon further distanced herself from her primary opponents. On August 3, 2007, Mitchell's father resigned as treasurer of his son's mayoral campaign after it was discovered that he spent more than $40,000 in campaign funds for personal expenses. Despite this incident, Mitchell said that his campaign remained focused on the problems facing Baltimore City. Meanwhile, Carter focused her campaign on the impending 50% BGE rate hike calling for re-regulation, reforming public education, and effective policing, and restoring integrity to City Hall while continuing her attack on Dixon by charging her with not showing at local political forums and for sending city employees in her stead. At a press conference outside City Hall, Carter and a campaign worker dressed in a yellow chicken suit handed out copies of a letter she sent to the State Ethics commission complaining about the practice.
Televised debate
On Monday night, August 27, 2007, all eight democratic candidates for Mayor appeared in a debate televised by Maryland Public Television and WBAL-TV. During his introduction, candidate Conaway announced that he was withdrawing from the race and throwing "his money and support" behind candidate Mitchell. The debate lasted fifty-five minutes with each candidate giving an opening and closing statement and answering questions posed by reporters in between. The debate was sponsored by the League of Women Voters and the Greater Baltimore Committee.
Fundraising
Baltimore's WJZ-TV reported that the Dixon campaign said that as of August 30, it had more than $480,000 left to spend in the final two weeks before the September 11th Democratic primary. Carter's campaign reported having just over $8,000 on hand, and Bundley's campaign reported having $15,000 left as of the mid August 2007 campaign reporting date. Mitchell had just over $115,000 in cash on hand as of August 26.
September 2007
Just over a week before election day, a September 2 Baltimore Sun poll had Dixon maintaining her strong lead. According to the Sun, "Dixon leads City Councilman Keiffer J. Mitchell Jr. by 46 percent to 19 percent – a 27 percentage-point spread – according to the poll conducted by OpinionWorks, an independent Annapolis-based firm." According to a number of experts, the race never really became competitive. Lenneal J. Henderson, a professor at the University of Baltimore's School of Public Affairs, said, "I think it is over. It would take a huge misstep on the part of Sheila Dixon for her not to win this one." Bundley (4%) and Carter (2%) showed no improvement over the previously released July poll.
Primary election: Dixon victory
On the night of the primary, less than three hours after the polls closed, Mitchell conceded defeat and Dixon claimed victory in the primary election.
Primary election results
These are the final, official results for the Democratic primary, as reported on the city of Baltimore's election board Web site.
Elbert Henderson ran unopposed in the Republican primary.
General election campaign
Because of the city's overwhelmingly Democratic tilt, campaigning largely ceased after the primary, with Dixon and other citywide candidates maintaining "bare-bones" campaign staffs. On a low-turnout general election day, Dixon defeated her Republican challenger with more than 86 percent of the vote.
General election results
These are the official results for the general election, as reported on the city of Baltimore's election board Web site.
Other city elections
All other Baltimore city officers were also up for election simultaneously with the mayor, including the fourteen members of the Baltimore City Council (elected from single-member districts) and the City Council President and City Comptroller (both elected citywide). Incumbent comptroller Joan Pratt ran unopposed in both the Democratic primary and the general election, and none of the twelve council members seeking re-election faced serious competition in either election; one ran unopposed in the primary and seven ran unopposed in the general election. All fourteen council members returned in the general election were Democrats, as has been the case in every election since 1939.
The race for the Democratic nomination for City Council President was perhaps the closest of the election cycle. The two major candidates were incumbent Stephanie Rawlings Blake, a former council member who had been appointed to fill the position with Dixon became mayor, and Michael Sarbanes, a community activist and the son of former United States Senator Paul Sarbanes and brother of U.S. Congressman John Sarbanes. A July poll had the two virtually tied, with 27 percent of respondents favoring Sarbanes and 26 percent favoring Rawlings Blake, with Councilman Kenneth N. Harris, Sr. a distant third at 8 percent. Rawlings Blake subsequently overtook Sarbanes, however, and won the primary election with 49 percent of the vote to Sarbanes' 38 percent. In the general election, the incumbent handily defeated her only opponent, Green candidate Maria Allwine, garnering 82 percent of the vote.
Mayoral endorsements
A number of city groups offered endorsements of the various candidates over the course of the campaign:
References
External links
City mayoral race begins to take shape, Baltimore Sun, November 9, 2006
Dixon's campaign leads in funding Baltimore Sun, November 14, 2006
Candidate Web sites
Andrey Bundley official site
Jill Carter official site
Frank Conway official site
Sheila Dixon official site
Robert Kaufman myspace site
Keiffer Mitchell official site
Mike Schaefer official site
Michael Sarbanes official site
2007 Maryland elections
Mayoral elections in Baltimore
Baltimore
Floyd F. Green (July 10, 1899 – January 12, 1952) was the 43rd mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 39th person to serve in that office.
Green was born in Columbus in 1900. He served as a member of Columbus City Council from 1927 to 1931. He was elected mayor in 1939 and served Columbus during World War II. After one term in office he was defeated in the 1943 mayoral election by Jim A. Rhodes. He died on January 12, 1952, from a cerebral hemorrhage.
References
Bibliography
External links
Floyd F. Green at Political Graveyard
Ohio Republicans
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
Columbus City Council members
1899 births
1952 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Stegea mexicana is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
References
Moths described in 1964
Glaphyriinae
Herbert Buhtz (12 April 1911 – 7 June 2006) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Buhtz was born in Koblenz. He became a sculler with Berliner RC. In 1932 he won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta beating Gerhard Boetzelen in the final. Later in the year he partnered Boetzelen to win the silver medal in the double sculls competition rowing at the 1932 Summer Olympics. In 1934 he won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley again.
Buhtz was a dentist. He died in Berlin at the age of 95.
References
External links
profile
1911 births
2006 deaths
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
German dentists
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century dentists
Sportspeople from Koblenz
Alexey Albertovich Garnizoff (, born 25 February 1963) is a Russian music composer, director and producer; a Meritorious Artist of Russia.
Biography
Alexis Garnizoff was born on 25 February 1963, in Melitopol, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.
In 1977 he moved to Moscow to continue his studies. In 1985 Alexey graduated from Russian Academy of Theatre Arts. His first teacher was Joachim G. Sharoyev. As the principal director of the Academic Musical Theater of Opera and Ballet Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko, he noticed Alexei and took to his assistant. At the I.G.Sharoevym he put 8 operas, and by the end of the Institute Alexey Garnizov in the asset were already posing serious.
Evzerov songs into the repertoire of artists such as Valery Leontiev, Philip Kirkorov, Larisa Dolina, Nikolai Baskov, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Irina Allegrova, Irina Allegrova, Mikhail Shufutinsky.
References
External links
Alexis Garnizoff biography
1963 births
Living people
20th-century composers
21st-century composers
Honored Artists of the Russian Federation
People from Melitopol
Russian Academy of Theatre Arts alumni
Russian male composers
Russian record producers
20th-century Russian male musicians
21st-century Russian male musicians
Avatha discolor is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found from the Indo-Australian and Pacific tropics to as far east as Henderson Island.
Description
Its wingspan is about 40–46 mm. Males with minutely ciliated antennae and subcostal neuration of forewings not distorted and without sexual patches on forewings and hindwings. Forewings are greyish and fuscous suffused. No spots on costa. The lunule on the antemedial line sometimes obsolescent. A dark spot found in the cell. The postmedial line "S-shaped" beyond the cell with a blackish patch in its upper curve. Hindwings with whitish cilia at apex and near anal angle.
Recorded food plants are Nephelium, Sapindus, and Callicarpa.
References
External links
Moths described in 1794
Avatha
Moths of Oceania
Hendrik Victor "Rik" Isemborghs (30 January 1914 in Antwerp – 9 March 1973) was a Belgian footballer. He played for Royal Beerschot AC and the Belgium national football team. He appeared in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, and scored a goal in Belgium's only game.
References
Rik Isemborghs at the Royal Belgian Football Association
1914 births
1973 deaths
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Belgian footballers
Belgium international footballers
Footballers from Antwerp
Association football forwards
NGC 6951 (also catalogued as NGC 6952) is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cepheus. It is located at a distance of about 75 million light-years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 6951 is about 100,000 light-years across. It was discovered by Jérôme Eugène Coggia in 1877 and independently by Lewis Swift in 1878.
Characteristics
The nucleus of NGC 6951 is active. It has been classified both as a type 2 Seyfert galaxy and a LINER and it has been suggested that it is in transition form, between a Seyfert galaxy and a very-high-excitation LINER, with very strong [N II] and [S II] lines. A supermassive black hole which accretes material in the centre of the galaxy is believed to be the cause of the nuclear activity. The upper mass limit of the supermassive black hole at the centre of NGC 6951 is estimated to be between 6 and 14 million based on velocity dispersion. Molecular gas, most probably a circumnuclear dust disk or torus less than 50 parsecs in radius, has been detected around the nucleus.
Around the nucleus of NGC 6951 has been observed a star formation ring with a radius of 5 arcseconds. It also emits radio waves. The total gas mass at and inside the ring is estimated to be . Inside the ring is detected a spiral-like structure, with two spiral arms, that extends up to 0.5 arcseconds from the nucleus, while no inner bar was detected in the images obtained by Hubble Space Telescope. The central part of the nuclear area contains red supergiant stars. The ring is complete and features H II regions. It is characterised by a gradient in stellar population ages, with the younger stars being a few million years old while the older are more than a hundred million years old.
The stars in the ring form star clusters with masses between and . Although there have been observed clusters with ages as little as 4 million years or over one billion years, the star clusters predominantly have intermediate ages, with average ages of 200–300 million years, and are massive. Based on the ages of the clusters it is suggested that the most intense star formation in the ring took place 800 million years ago, then lowered, only to increase again 400 million years ago.
NGC 6951 has a large stellar bar with dust lanes running across it. These lanes come in contact with the circumnuclear ring at its north and south points. Gas is channeled inwards, towards the ring, through the bar. Observations in CO revealed also the presence of molecular gas with inflow motion towards the galactic nucleus. Since there are no signs of interaction with another galaxy in the isolated NGC 6951 for the last one billion years, it is believed that the origin of the gas is internal. Gas kinematics have also been observed for the rest of the galaxy, where the gravitational torques caused by the bar have a dominant role.
Five supernovae have been observed in NGC 6951; SN 1999el (Type IIn, mag 15.4), SN 2000E (type Ia, mag 14.3), SN 2015G (type Ibn, mag 15.5), AT2016ejj (mag 16.0) and 2021sjt (= ZTF21abjyiiw), TNS discovered 2021/07/07.352, (Mag 16.4Type II ).
References
External links
NGC 6951 on SIMBAD
Barred spiral galaxies
Seyfert galaxies
Cepheus (constellation)
6951
11604
65086
+11-25-002
J20371406+6606201
Astronomical objects discovered in 1877
Discoveries by Jérôme Coggia
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist may refer to:
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Seattle, Washington)
Sixth Church of Christ, Scientist (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)
Sixth Church of Christ Scientist (Portland, Oregon), designed by architect Morris H. Whitehouse
Westbury is a village and civil parish in northern Buckinghamshire, England, about east of Brackley and west of Buckingham. It is close to the A422 and the border with Oxfordshire.
The village was given by King Edward IV to the Company of Cooks in London, and has since been sold into private hands.
The parish church is St Augustine, a Grade II* listed building. The church dates back to the 13th century, though much restored in 1863. The church tower house four bells, one of which dates back to the 14th century.
The village is home to Beachborough School, a private prep school established originally in Hampshire in 1910, but relocated to Westbury in 1942 in the manor house.
The village has a website providing information regarding the services and events taking place in the village. www.westburyvillage.org
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Braidwood on 3 February 1864 because of the death of Merion Moriarty.
Dates
Results
Merion Moriarty died.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Braidwood
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1864 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1860s in New South Wales
Dividers is an outdoor sculpture located at Clarendon Dock, on the River Lagan, Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was produced in 2002 by artist Vivien Burnside and is an 8.3m tall set of dividers made of bronze with a stainless steel core. It was funded by Laganside Corporation, Belfast Harbour Commissioners and the National Lottery through the Arts Council of Northern Ireland.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Northern Ireland
2002 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
Rosa Louise Woodberry (March 11, 1869 – July 17, 1932) was an American journalist, educator, and stenographer. She was the founder and principal of Woodberry Hall, and the first woman to attend the University of Georgia.
Her articles and sketches, usually of a philosophic and scientific bent, were frequently seen and quoted in journals North and South. She did a great deal of journalistic work for Georgia dailies, and was for two or three years on the staff of The Augusta Chronicle, and during her vacations at home in the summer, was on the staff of the Savannah Press.
Early life and education
Rosa Louise Woodberry was born in Barnwell County, South Carolina, March 11, 1869. She is next to the oldest in a family of nine, and comes from a long line of ardent Carolinians. Her father, Stratford Benjamin Woodberry, was for years a distinguished bass singer of Charleston, South Carolina. Her mother, Victoria Ida Cocroft Woodberry, hailed from an old family of Beaufort, South Carolina.
She spent the first thirteen years of her life in a small town, Williston, South Carolina, and there received her early education. Her parents then removed to Augusta, Georgia, where she was graduated with first honor as valedictorian of her class at Augusta High School. She graduated from Lucy Cobb Institute, Athens, Georgia, in 1891.
It was during her school life in that city she began her literary work and became a contributor to various journals. At the same time, she learned shorthand.
From her earliest years, she discussed State and political themes with her father, which accounted for her fervent patriotism and devotion to her native State. Her eager interest and patriotic devotion made her keenly aware to all political, social and humanitarian movements, and led her to give close attention to the study of political economy, especially in its bearing upon the industrial present and future of the South.
In 1899, Woodberry attempted to enroll as a student in the University of Georgia but was denied entrance at that time. Later, she was allowed to enroll, earning a B.A. degree from the University of Georgia (Education, 1927) and a M.A. degree from Oglethorpe University (1928).
Career
Soon after, she took a position on the staff of The Augusta Chronicle, being in charge of the literature class at Lucy Cobb Institute. Woodberry was a close reader of current events, and did a great deal to popularize this study among the young women of Lucy Cobb Institute. She had a class that frequently numbered a hundred, in current topics, civil government and political economy, and the debates on live topics, mock elections and tariff arguments of her pupils frequently attracted the favorable comment of newspapers throughout the country. In 1894, Woodberry was elected to the chair of Natural Science in Lucy Cobb Institute, and was probably the only young woman in the South who had a laboratory of physical and chemical apparatus, and performed the experiments for her class. She was grateful for the inspiration and encouragement of the school principals she served under, Miss Rutherford and Mrs. M. A. Lipscomb.
During vacations, her home was in Savannah, Georgia. She made time to do a great deal of literary work, and occupied herself with reading books and newspapers. Her stories, sketches, poems and critical reviews appeared in various papers and magazines. She gave much of her time to the study of science, and was a close observer of scientific phenomena. She won a prize of for the best essay on the method of improving small industries in the South, offered by The Augusta Chronicle. She had an intense sympathy with girls who earned their own living, and she was warmly interested in all that concerned their progress and encouragement, Having been a stenographer herself, she knew from experience the realities of a vocation.
In 1908, she became the founder and principal of Woodberry Hall School for Girls in Atlanta. She took groups of her students for European travel.
Personal life
Woodberry was an enthusiastic advocate of organization of women for study, whether of science, literature, art, music or civics. A great deal of her time was devoted to extending the Georgia Federation of Woman's Clubs (GFWC). She was an officer of the GFWC, serving as State parliamentarian. She was a member of the Atlanta Daughters of the Confederacy; and secretary of the Women's Auxiliary of the Diocese of Atlanta. She was a member of the Woman's Press Club of Georgia, and served as an officer in that organization.
In religion, she was affiliated with the Episcopal Church. She co-founded the All Saints Episcopal Church in Atlanta and served as president of the Christian Council of Churchwomen. She was a leader in church missionary work.
Woodberry died July 17, 1932, in Fulton County, Georgia, and was buried at Bonaventure Cemetery, Savannah, Georgia.
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1869 births
1932 deaths
19th-century American journalists
19th-century American women educators
19th-century American educators
20th-century American educators
20th-century American women educators
University of Georgia alumni
People from Barnwell County, South Carolina
American women journalists
Journalists from South Carolina
Educators from South Carolina
Members of the United Daughters of the Confederacy
American Anglicans
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
Friedrich August Berthold Nitzsch (19 February 1832, in Bonn – 21 December 1898, in Kiel) was a German theologian.
The son of Karl Immanuel Nitzsch, he became professor ordinarius of theology at Gießen in 1868 and at Kiel in 1872. He was the author of Das System des Boethius ("The system of Boethius"; 1860) and Grundriss der christlichen Dogmengeschichte, t. I, Die patristische Periode ("Outline on the Christian history of dogma, part 1: The patrician era"; 1870), amongst other texts.
References
1832 births
1898 deaths
Writers from Bonn
19th-century German Protestant theologians
University of Giessen faculty
University of Kiel faculty
German male non-fiction writers
19th-century male writers
Senator Larsen may refer to:
Allan Larsen (1919–2005), Idaho State Senate
Cliff Larsen (fl. 2000s–2010s), Montana State Senate
Oley Larsen (born 1964), North Dakota State Senate
Richard F. Larsen (born 1936), North Dakota State Senate
Sylvia Larsen (born 1949), New Hampshire State Senate
See also
Senator Larson (disambiguation)
Harry Lampman (June 22, 1927 – June 9, 2018) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, and Montreal Alouettes. He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957. He previously played football at and attended the Queen's University.
References
1927 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Montreal Alouettes players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
2018 deaths
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Hamilton, Ontario
The Japanese missions to Imperial China were diplomatic embassies which were intermittently sent to the Chinese imperial court. Any distinction amongst diplomatic envoys sent from the Japanese court or from any of the Japanese shogunates was lost or rendered moot when the ambassador was received in the Chinese capital.
Extant records document missions to China between the years of 607 and 839 (a mission planned for 894 was cancelled). The composition of these imperial missions included members of the aristocratic kuge and Buddhist monks. These missions led to the importation of Chinese culture, including advances in the sciences and technology. These diplomatic encounters produced the beginnings of a range of schools of Buddhism in Japan, including Zen.
From the Sinocentric perspective of the Chinese court in Chang'an, the several embassies sent from Kyoto were construed as tributaries of Imperial China; but it is not clear that the Japanese shared this view.
China seems to have taken the initiative in opening relations with Japan. The Emperor Yang of Sui dispatched a message in 605 which read:
The sovereign of Sui respectfully inquires about the sovereign of Wa.
The court of Empress Suiko responded by sponsoring a mission led by Ono no Imoko in 607. A message carried by that mission, believed to have been written by Prince Shōtoku, contains the earliest known written instance in which the Japanese archipelago is referred to by a term meaning "land of the rising sun." The salutation read, in part:
From the sovereign of the land of the rising sun (hi izuru tokoro) to the sovereign of the land of the setting sun."
The included representatives sent to study government and technology.
They are the best known; 19 missions were completed. A 20th mission had been planned for 894 (Kanpyō 6, 8th month), including the appointment of ambassadors. However, shortly before departure, the mission was halted by Emperor Uda because of reports of unsettled conditions in China. The emperor's decision-making was influenced by the persuasive counsel of Sugawara no Michizane.
Envoys to the Sui court
Japanese envoys to the Sui court were received as ambassadors:
607: The first diplomatic mission was led by Japan's first ambassador to China. This Japanese envoy, Ono no Imoko, had the title kenzuishi. The delegation was received in the Imperial Court.
608: Ono no Imoko leads a returning embassy to China. This mission included two others with the title kenzushi: Takamuko no Kuromaro (no Genri) and Minabuchi no Shōan. Kuromaro and Shōan, along with the Buddhist monk Sōmin remained in China for 32 years before returning to Japan.
Envoys to the Tang court
Japanese envoys to the Tang court were received as ambassadors:
Three missions to the Tang court were dispatched during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku.
Emperor Kanmu's planned mission to the Tang court in 804 (Enryaku 23) included three ambassadors and several Buddhist priests, including and ; but the enterprise was delayed until the end of the year. The ambassadors returned in the middle of 805 (Enryaku 24, 6th month). They were accompanied by the monk Saichō, also known by his posthumous name , whose teachings would develop into the Tendai school of Japanese Buddhism. In 806 (Daidō 1, 8th month), the return of the monk Kūkai, also known posthumously as , marks the beginning of what would develop into the Shingon school of Japanese Buddhism.
New ambassadors to China were appointed by Emperor Ninmyō in 834, but the mission was put off.
836–839: The mission was postponed by a typhoon; but the ambassadors did eventually travel to the Tang court, returning in 839 with a letter from Emperor Tang Wenzong.
In China, a steady and conservative Confucianist Song dynasty emerged after the end of the Tang dynasty and subsequent period of disunity during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period. During this time, although travel to China was generally safe, Japanese rulers believed there was little to learn from the Song, and so there were no major embassy missions to China.
Adopting Tang models
Ancient Japan was called Wa, which had a primitive culture when compared to Tang culture. The Tang folks referred to Wa as 東夷 (Eastern barbarians).
From 630 onward, Wa sent large groups of monks, students and government officials, up to 600 each time, to the Tang capital of Chang'an to learn the then advanced production technology, social system, history, philosophy, arts and architecture.
Among many items adopted by Wa:
Tang political system
Heian-kyō, the new Japanese capital established in 794, and was a laid out in a grid similar to that of Chang'an, the Tang capital.
Culture, many Han Chinese characters (漢字) were borrowed from Tang civilization to build the Japanese culture.
Tang dress codes (known today as Wafuku 和服), eating habits were the fashion which was imitated and popularized.
Envoys to the Ming court
Japanese envoys to the Ming court were received as ambassadors.
1373-1406 (Ōan 6 – Ōei 13): Embassies between China and Japan.
1397 (Ōei 4, 8th month): an Imperial ambassador is dispatched from Emperor Go-Komatsu to the Ming Court.
1401 (Ōei 8): Ashikaga Yoshimitsu sends a diplomatic mission to China as a tentative first step in re-initiating trade between Japan and Ming China. The formal diplomatic letter conveyed to the Emperor of China was accompanied by a gift of 1000 ounces of gold and diverse objects.
1402 (Ōei 9): A letter from the Jianwen Emperor of China was received by Yoshimitsu; and this formal communication mistakenly accords the title "king of Japan" to the Japanese shōgun.
Envoys to the Qing court
During Japan's self-imposed isolation in the Edo period (1603–1868), Japan's vicarious relationships with China evolved through the intermediary of the Kingdom of Ryukyu. Japan's view of external relations was ambivalent.
1853 (Kaei 6): Hayashi Akira completed Tsūkō ichiran. The work was created under orders from the bakufu to compile and edit documents pertaining to East Asian trade and diplomacy; and, for example, it includes a detailed description of a Ryukyuan tribute embassy to the Qing Chinese court in Beijing.
See also
History of China
History of Japan
Iki no Hakatoko no Sho, 7th-century text
Little China (ideology)
Chinese influence on Japanese culture
Japanese missions to Joseon
Notes
References
Ackroyd, Joyce. (1982) Lessons from History: The Tokushi Yoron. Brisbane: University of Queensland Press.
Goodrich, Luther Carrington and Zhaoying Fang. (1976). Dictionary of Ming biography, 1368-1644 (明代名人傳), Vol. I; Dictionary of Ming biography, 1368-1644 (明代名人傳), Vol. II. New York: Columbia University Press. ; ; OCLC 1622199
Kitagawa, Hiroshi and Bruce T. Tsuchida. (1977). The Tale of the Heike. Tokyo: University of Tokyo Press. ;
Mizuno, Norihito. (2003). China in Tokugawa Foreign Relations: The Tokugawa Bakufu's Perception of and Attitudes toward Ming-Qing China, p. 109. excerpt from Japan and Its East Asian Neighbors: Japan's Perceptionf of China and Korea and the Making of Foreign Policy from the Seventeenth to the Nineteenth Century, Ph.D. dissertation, Ohio State University, 2004, as cited in Tsutsui, William M. (2009). A Companion to Japanese History, p. 83.
Nussbaum, Louis Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan Encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 48943301
Ponsonby-Fane, Richard Arthur Brabazon. (1959). The Imperial House of Japan. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society. OCLC 194887
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Odai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1973). Japanese Culture: A Short History. New York: Praeger Publishers. OCLC 590531
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). Jinnō Shōtōki: A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 59145842
Yoda, Yoshiie. (1996). The Foundations of Japan's Modernization: a comparison with China's Path towards Modernization. Leiden: Brill. ; OCLC 246732011
External links
中日交渉史料目録
Ancient international relations
China–Japan relations
Diplomacy
Foreign relations of Imperial China
History of the foreign relations of Japan
Maria Adelaide Lima Cruz was a Portuguese painter, illustrator, set designer and costume designer.
Early life
Maria Adelaide de Lima Cruz (19081985) was born into a family of painters and musicians, being the daughter of the painter and piano teacher, Adelaide Lima Cruz (18781963), and sister of the musicologist, Maria Antonieta Lima Cruz. Starting to draw at a young age, and becoming a pupil of Carlos Reis, she did not follow any academic training.
Artistic career
Lima Cruz started illustrating professionally in 1921 at the age of 12 for the magazine Ilustração Portuguesa. She first exhibited her art in 1921 in an exhibition with her mother who contributed only two paintings. She would go on to have around 40 individual exhibitions in Portugal and France, spending some time in Paris in 1934 under a government scholarship. While in Paris she achieved success with costumes designed for Corina Freire, the Portuguese actress and singer, who wore them in a show performed with Maurice Chevalier.
In 1928, she debuted as a stage and costume designer for what was known in Portugal as a "magazine" show (Vaudeville). Her initial, cosmopolitan, colourful and elegant style, adapted well to such shows. Her costumes became famous and for the rest of the 1920s and the 1930s she continued to make an important contribution to the design of shows, including ballet and opera. In 1931 she also started to exhibit objects in glass. In January 1932, she opened the Salão dos Artistas Criadores (Salon of Creative Artists), together with the sculptors Maria José Dias da Câmara and Ana de Gonta Colaço, which aimed to display only stylistically original works. Leading on from stage designs she started to do murals, including for the Casino Estoril in 1935 and for the Portuguese World Exhibition held in 1940 in Belém near Lisbon. The latter, although intended to glorify the Portuguese Estado Novo regime, actually gave an opportunity to a large number of artists, including ten women, who had artistic ideas opposed to those of the regime.
Much of the work of Lima Cruz is in private collections. However, her work can be seen in the Chiado Museum in Lisbon and at the Casa-Museu Dr. Anastácio Gonçalves in Lisbon.
References
External link
Paintings by Lima Cruz
1908 births
1985 deaths
Portuguese women painters
Portuguese scenic designers
Sean Monahan (born October 12, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). Monahan was selected sixth overall by the Calgary Flames, at the 2013 NHL Entry Draft and he played junior hockey with the Ottawa 67's of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) where he served as team captain.
Early life
A native of Brampton, Ontario, Sean is the son of Cathy and John Monahan, and has a sister, Jacqueline. He attended St. Thomas Aquinas Secondary School. He played minor hockey and lacrosse for the Brampton Excelsiors, where one of his teammates was former Syracuse and NBA guard Tyler Ennis.
Playing career
Junior
Monahan played with the Mississauga Rebels. As a 15-year-old in 2010, he captained the Rebels to an OHL Cup title and was named most valuable player of the tournament. He finished the 2009–10 season with 46 goals and 40 assists in 47 games for the Rebels and was then selected by the Ottawa 67's in the first round, 16th overall, at the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) Priority Selection draft. Monahan's junior hockey career began with difficulty as he suffered a sprained wrist in his first training camp with the 67's, resulting in a slow start for him in the 2010–11 OHL season. An invitation to play in the 2011 World U-17 Hockey Challenge, in which he was a key performer for the gold medal-winning Team Ontario, allowed Monahan to regain confidence; he completed his first OHL season on the 67's second line and recorded 47 points in 65 games. Monahan played in his second international tournament following the season. He joined the Canadian Under-18 National Team for the 2011 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament and scored a goal in the championship game to help Canada win a fourth consecutive gold medal at the event.
Playing alongside NHL prospects Tyler Toffoli, Shane Prince and Cody Ceci, Monahan was one of the OHL's top scorers in the 2011–12. He finished tied for 15th in league scoring with 78 points. He was named to the OHL's Second All-Star team and was the 67's representative on the league's All-Scholastic team. Monahan's third season in Ottawa was a transitional one for the franchise. The 67's had won three consecutive East Division titles between 2010 and 2012, but the graduation of top players caused the team to enter a rebuilding phase. The 67's finished in last place in the 2012–13 OHL season with just 16 wins. Monahan served as the team's captain, sharing the role with Ceci in the first half of the season until the latter player's departure in a trade. He finished the season with 31 goals and 78 points. He was invited to Team Canada's selection camp for the 2013 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, but failed to make the team. He also missed ten games during the season after being suspended for an elbowing incident.
Calgary Flames
Monahan was one of the top-ranked prospects for the 2013 NHL Entry Draft: The NHL Central Scouting Bureau ranked him as the 5th best North American skater in its final ranking while International Scouting Services ranked him 9th overall. Among OHL draft prospects, the league's coaches rated Monahan highly for his intelligence on the ice, playmaking and stickhandling, and for his faceoff ability. He was selected in the first round, sixth overall, by the Calgary Flames. Upon his selection, the 18-year-old centre expressed his confidence that he was ready to immediately play in the NHL. He earned a spot on the Flames roster to begin the 2013–14 season and made his NHL debut on October 3, 2013, against the Washington Capitals. Monahan scored his first career point in the game, assisting on David Jones' goal in a 5–4 shootout loss. He then scored his first goal the following night against goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky of the Columbus Blue Jackets in a 4–3 win.
Though he remained eligible to return to junior without impacting his NHL contract, Monahan scored six goals in his first nine games to earn a permanent spot in Calgary. In doing so, he became the first junior-eligible player to make the full-time jump to the Flames roster since Kevin LaVallee in 33 years. Monahan scored his 20th goal in a late-season loss to the Ottawa Senators, and in doing so, became the first Flames rookie to score 20 goals since Dion Phaneuf in 2005–06 and first rookie forward since Jarome Iginla in 1996–97 to reach the mark.
On August 19, 2016, following back-to-back seasons in which he scored 60 or more points, Monahan, as a restricted free agent signed a seven-year, $44.625 million contract extension to remain in the Flames' organization through 2023. During the season, Monahan scored his 100th career goal against Andrei Vasilevskiy of the Tampa Bay Lightning on February 23, 2017. He is the 6th youngest active player to achieve this milestone, joining the elite company of Alexander Ovechkin, Sidney Crosby, Jaromír Jágr, Steven Stamkos, and Patrick Kane. His 100th goal also marked his 20th of the season, marking the 4 consecutive season he has scored at least 20 goals. He was the youngest player in Flames' history to reach the 100-goal milestone (22 years, 134 days), passing Joe Nieuwendyk, who was 22 years and 185 days old when he scored 100th career goal.
On November 18, 2017, in a game against the Philadelphia Flyers, Monahan scored his first career hat trick in the second period to help the Flames win 5–4. He became the fastest player in the Flames' franchise to record 9 career overtime goals when he scored his 9th on December 7, 2017 vs the Montreal Canadiens in a 3-2 win. However, his season was cut short in March due to injuries. During the following month, Monahan underwent four surgeries but was expected to be able to play during the 2018–19 season.
During the season, with the Flames in the midst of a resurgent season and leading the Pacific Division, Monahan was playing in a reduced role and on pace for a career-low in points-per-game. On April 2, 2022, after recording 8 goals and 23 points through 65 regular season games, it was announced he would undergo season-ending surgery on his right hip.
Montreal Canadiens
On August 18, 2022, Monahan was traded, along with a conditional first-round pick in 2025 to the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for future considerations.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1994 births
Calgary Flames draft picks
Calgary Flames players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Living people
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Ottawa 67's players
Sportspeople from Brampton
Endoreversible thermodynamics is a subset of irreversible thermodynamics aimed at making more realistic assumptions about heat transfer than are typically made in reversible thermodynamics. It gives an upper bound on the energy that can be derived from a real process that is lower than that predicted by Carnot for a Carnot cycle, and accommodates the exergy destruction occurring as heat is transferred irreversibly.
Endoreversible thermodynamics was discovered in simultaneous work by Novikov and Chambadal, although sometimes mistakenly attributed to Curzon & Ahlborn.
Novikov engine
An equation for the efficiency of a semi-ideal heat engine operating at maximum power output in which heat transfer is irreversible but other components are ideal can be shown to have the following form, which is the Chambadal–Novikov efficiency:
In the limit of infinitesimally small power output, the standard Carnot result for efficiency is recovered. For some typical cycles, the above equation (note that absolute temperatures must be used) gives the following results:
As shown, the endoreversible efficiency much more closely models the observed data. However, such an engine violates Carnot's principle which states that work can be done any time there is a difference in temperature. The fact that the hot and cold reservoirs are not at the same temperature as the working fluid they are in contact with means that work can and is done at the hot and cold reservoirs. The result is tantamount to coupling the high and low temperature parts of the cycle, so that the cycle collapses. In the Carnot cycle there is strict necessity that the working fluid be at the same temperatures as the heat reservoirs they are in contact with and that they are separated by adiabatic transformations which prevent thermal contact. The efficiency was first derived by William Thomson in his study of an unevenly heated body in which the adiabatic partitions between bodies at different temperatures are removed and maximum work is performed. It is well known that the final temperature is the geometric mean temperature so that the efficiency is the Carnot efficiency for an engine working between and .
Due to occasional confusion about the origins of the above equation, it is sometimes named the Chambadal–Novikov–Curzon–Ahlborn efficiency.
See also
An introduction to endoreversible thermodynamics is given in the thesis by Katharina Wagner. It is also introduced by Hoffman et al. A thorough discussion of the concept, together with many applications in engineering, is given in the book by Hans Ulrich Fuchs.
References
Thermodynamics
Mario Luis Small is a sociologist and Quetelet Professor of Social Science at Columbia University. Small's research interests include urban poverty, inequality, personal networks, and qualitative and mixed methods. Small was previously a faculty member at Harvard University, University of Chicago, and Princeton University.
Biography
Small was born in Cerro Viento, Panama. He earned a B.A. In 1996 from Carleton College and an M.A. and Ph.D from Harvard University. Small has received many awards for his writings. He is the only person to win the C. Wright Mills Best book Award twice for Villa Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio in 2005 and Unanticipated Gains: Origins of Network Inequality in Everyday Life in 2010. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2022.
Books
Small, Mario L. 2017. Someone To Talk To. New York: Oxford University Press.
Small, Mario L. 2009. Unanticipated Gains: Origins of Network Inequality in Everyday Life, New York: Oxford University Press
Small, Mario L. 2004. Villa Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio, Chicago: University of Chicago Press
Contributions to sociology
Small has published books and numerous articles on urban poverty, personal networks, and the relationship between qualitative and quantitative social science methods.
He has shown that poor neighborhoods in commonly-studied cities such as Chicago are not representative of ghettos everywhere, that how people understand and make sense of their neighborhood shapes how it affects them, and that local organizations in poor neighborhoods often broker connections to both people and organizations. Small has also demonstrated that people's social capital—including how many people they know and how much they trust others—depends on the organizations in which they are embedded.
His work on methods has shown that many practices used to make qualitative research more scientific are ineffective.
Small has investigated why ghettos differ from city to city and how people decide whom to turn to when seeking support.
In his 2017 book Someone To Talk To Small explores whom Americans confide in. Existing theories and common sense suggest that people confide in their intimates, yet Small finds evidence that Americans often turn to people who are not close to them when discussing difficult topics. For example, many people respond to the US General Social Survey (GSS) question 'what are the people with whom you discussed matters important to you?' by naming their close friends and family. Yet Small suggests these people are not necessarily the ones with whom respondents actually discuss matters important to them. Rather, people often confide in those with whom they have "weak ties," as the need for understanding or empathy trumps their fear of misplaced trust. For example, people may find themselves confiding in acquaintances and even strangers unexpectedly, without having reflected on the consequences.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Panamanian sociologists
Harvard University faculty
Harvard University alumni
Carleton College alumni
Princeton University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Columbia University faculty
Daniel Rose Tilden (November 5, 1804 – March 4, 1890) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1843 to 1847.
Biography
Born in Lebanon, Connecticut, Tilden attended the public schools.
Resided several years in Virginia and South Carolina.
He moved to Garrettsville, Ohio, about 1828, and thence to Warren, Ohio.
He studied law with Rufus P. Spalding.
He was admitted to the bar in 1836 and commenced practice in Ravenna, Ohio.
He formed a partnership there as Spalding & Tilden.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Portage County 1838-1841.
Tilden was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1847).
He served as delegate to the Whig National Convention in 1848 and 1852.
He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1852.
Tilden was elected probate judge of Cuyahoga County and served from 1855 to 1888.
He died in Cleveland, Ohio, March 4, 1890.
His remains were cremated at Buffalo, New York, and the ashes deposited in the Buffalo Crematory.
Married three times, the last to Cornelia Lossing, who survived him.
References
External links
1804 births
1890 deaths
People from Lebanon, Connecticut
People from Garrettsville, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
County district attorneys in Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Gabor J. Kalman is a Hungarian-American physicist, academic, and author. He is a Distinguished Research Professor Emeritus at Boston College.
Kalman leads ongoing research focused on Strongly Coupled Coulomb Systems, such as plasmas, charged particle layered systems, bilayers, and fluctuation–dissipation theorems, along with other aspects of plasma physics. He has also done extensive work in relativistic many particle systems, through works on electron–positron plasmas, particle systems with scalar fields and astrophysical many-body systems. He was the principal creator of the research community around the conference series Strongly Coupled Coulomb Systems (SCCS) and served as editor to two books, entitled Strongly Coupled Plasmas, and Strongly Coupled Coulomb Systems.
Kalman is an External Member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Fellow of New York Academy of Sciences, of the American Physical Society, and a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Education
Kalman was born and educated in Hungary, where he received a Diploma in Electrical Engineering from the Technical University in Budapest in 1952. After graduation, he joined the then newly formed Central Research Institute for Physics of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He worked as Research Physicist, and from 1955 as Senior Research Physicist in the Department of Atomic Physics. He emigrated to Israel in 1956 and obtained a D.Sc. degree under the supervision of David Bohm and Nathan Rosen from the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology.
Career
Kalman's scientific career started in the Central Research Institute for Physics in Budapest, Hungary in 1952, where he worked under the supervision of Karoly Simonyi in a group studying thermonuclear fusion. After emigrating to Israel in 1956, Kalman worked at the Technion in Haifa as Lecturer, promoted to Associate Professor in 1961. In the same year, Kalman obtained and accepted an invitation to join the Laboratoire de Physique des Plasmas, Universite de Paris, in Orsay, France. There, in 1962, he received an appointment to the position of Professeur Associé (equivalent to Full Professor) and had the responsibility of organizing a theoretical plasma physics group at the laboratory directed by Jean-Loup Delcroix. In 1965 he was appointed Directeur de Recherche at the C.N.R.S.. Following this appointment, he received a Visiting Fellowship to the Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics, at the University of Colorado from 1965 to 1966. While at the University of Colorado, In 1966 he accepted a Visiting Professorship at Brandeis University and he decided to settle in the United States and resigned from his position in France. His association with Brandeis lasted through 1969. During the same period, he worked intermittently for the Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories, holding the position of Expert. Since 1970, he has been on the faculty of Boston College as Research Professor and received the title Distinguished Research Professor in 1998, a position that he held until becoming Professor Emeritus in 2019. Between 1973 and 1978, he also held an honorary position and lectured on plasma astrophysics at the Center of Astrophysics, Harvard University.
Kalman held various visiting appointments since 1970. He served as a Visiting Scientist at Observatoire de Paris in 1973 and 1974, and at Groupe de Recherches Ionospheriques du CNRS in 1974. At the University of Oxford, he held appointment as a Senior Visiting Scientist in 1975. He was appointed as a Professeur d'Echange at Universite de Paris and Observatoire de Paris in 1976, served as Research Leader at International Centre for Theoretical Physics, Trieste in 1981 and 1984, and spent a semester as a Visiting Scholar at the University of California at San Diego in 1995. Currently, he provides advisory services to the Hungarian National Research, Development and Innovation Office, while continuing his collaboration with the Wigner Research Centre Group in Budapest.
Research
Kalman's early research followed up on his thesis topic, which was the adaptation of the Bohm-Gross collective coordinate approach to transverse collective excitations in plasmas. Subsequently, he worked on the theory of non-linear plasma oscillations ad established, simultaneously with John Dawson, the fact that the exact description of this phenomenon can be worked out. In an independent line of research he studied relativistic particle systems and formulated a relativistic particle Lagrangian that became accepted in the literature. In the early 1960s, when the idea of an universal scalar field gained acceptance, Kalman was one of the few researchers realizing that a many particle system interacting through a scalar field (a "scalar plasma") possesses very peculiar properties and contrary to expectations it constitutes a physically realizable system.
From the 1970s onwards, Kalman's research focused on plasma response functions and the related fluctuation-dissipation theorems. He and his colleagues, K.I. Golden, M. Silevitch and Y Gu, developed a quadratic (as contrasted to the linear) fluctuation-dissipation theorem. This result allowed them to apply the method of non-linear response theory to the longstanding problem of strongly coupled plasmas. The resulting series of works then developed into a major research program on strongly coupled plasmas and the related Coulomb/Yukawa systems. In the subsequent years the research group in the Boston area, directed by him and K.I. Golden, became one of the internationally leading theoretical groups in the area of strongly coupled plasma research. In the 1990s their efforts culminated in the creation of a novel approach to the analysis of collective phenomena in strongly coupled plasmas, the Quasi–Linear Charge Approximation (QLCA), which since then has become the workhorse for the theoretical underpinning of experimental and computer simulation research in the area of complex plasmas.
In the 1990s Kalman and his group in the U. S. formed a close cooperation with a research group specializing in computer simulations in the Wigner Research Centre in Budapest.
The continued research efforts with this group on the topic of strongly coupled plasmas resulted in a number of novel findings. These include the discovery of an energy gap in the mode spectrum of bi- and tri-layers, normal and magnetic plasma shear modes, linear dispersion in electron-hole bilayers, the intricate mode structure of binary ionic mixtures, with a second plasmon and a gigantic Fano-like anti-resonance, structure forming due to dipole-dipole interaction.
Since the 1990s, with the emergence of complex (dusty) plasma experiments as a novel field of research, Kalman's work on strongly coupled Coulomb plasmas paralleled a research program on Yukawa many particle systems, where similar issues were in focus. In a series of papers both 2D and 3D Yukawa plasmas were investigated by Kalman's group, both from the point of view of their equilibrium structure and dynamical fluctuations and collective modes, for which the complete excitation and fluctuation spectrum were mapped out. Most of these works resulted from joint efforts with the computational group at the Wigner Research Centre and therefore their analytic findings are bolstered by the simulation of the behavior of the system on hand. The summary results were published in a review paper.
In addition to his work on strongly coupled Coulomb systems, Kalman has contributed to two major areas of research in the field of physics of charged particles. First, in collaboration with P. Bakshi and R. Cover, he analyzed the response and excitation spectrum of relativistic electron-positron plasma in an ultra-strong magnetic field, a scenario similar to the one that exists in pulsar atmospheres. One of the remarkable findings in this connection was the possible existence of a massive photon-like excitation. The second field is the emission spectrum of turbulent H plasmas, where again in collaboration with P. Bakshi and others, it was shown with the aid of group theoretic methods that the combination of the linear Stark effect with the ionic turbulence of the plasma leads to remarkable observational effects.
Kalman's continued involvement in the area of relativistic many-body systems also continued over the years in collaboration with Shu Lai and K. Datta. Kalman is considered as being one of the principal promoters of this research effort on strongly coupled Coulomb systems. He was the initiator of the series of conferences, which has developed into a regular tri-annual sequence of eponymous meetings. He has been serving as Chair and Member of organizing committees of this and other international conferences on this topic. Over the years, he served as Principal Investigator and Senior Investigator on a series of contracts and grants from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, from the Air Force Geophysical Laboratories, from the Department of Energy and from the National Science Foundation.
Bibliography
Books
Strongly Coupled Plasmas (Ed.) (1978) ISBN 9780306400391
Strongly Coupled Coulomb Systems (Ed.) (1998) ISBN 9780306460319
References
Living people
Plasma physicists
American Physical Society
American people of Hungarian descent
Budapest University of Technology and Economics alumni
Boston College faculty
Technion – Israel Institute of Technology alumni
Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Year of birth missing (living people)
List of ABC shows may refer to:
List of Australian Broadcasting Corporation programs
List of programs broadcast by American Broadcasting Company
List of programs broadcast by Associated Broadcasting Company
Rimless eyeglasses are a type of eyeglasses in which the lenses are mounted directly to the bridge and/or temples. The style is divided into two subtypes: three-piece glasses are composed of lenses mounted to a bridge and two separate temple arms, while rimways (also called cortlands) feature a supporting arch that connects the temples to the bridge and provides extra stability for the lenses.
Rimless glasses were a popular style of eyeglasses from the 1880s until into the 1960s, and re-emerged in popularity in the latter part of the 20th century and early 21st century. Apple founder and former CEO Steve Jobs wore round rimless eyeglasses for 18 years, from 1993 until his death in 2011.
Despite these shifts, they are unique among eyeglass styles in that they have never gone completely out of fashion, remaining an acceptable alternative through the years to more stylish designs.
Mounting methods
Rimless glasses lenses are held in place (or "mounted") by way of a series of screws, or hollow plastic double rivets (called "bushings" or "compression plugs") that fit into two holes in the lens. When bushings are used, the temples and bridge have barbed metal pins that lock into the bushings, creating a pressure seal that holds the lenses in place. Although they are more cosmetically appealing, the bushing method is more fragile than the screw and nut method, and more difficult for laypersons to repair themselves in the event of loosening or breakage. Bushing based rimless mounts are, however, designed so that the pins can pull out of the lenses without causing damage, which reduces repair cost and duration. Actor and comedian Groucho Marx of The Marx Brothers wore round rimless eyeglasses for 56 years, from 1921 until his death in 1977.
History
Origins
The template for rimless eyeglasses date back to the 1820s, when an Austrian inventor named marketed a rimless monocle.<ref name=jack>[https://web.archive.org/web/20070212011510/http://www.visioncareproducts.com/CE-old/frames_newest.html O'Keefe, Jackie. The Newest Technologies in Non-Rimmed Eyewear]</ref> The design as it is known today arose in the 1880s as a means to alleviate the combined weight of metal frames with heavy glass lenses. The style also came about from a desire to make eyewear as inconspicuous as possible; at the time, eyeglasses were not considered an acceptable fashion statement and carried connotations of one being elderly or a member of the clergy; historically, most eyeglass wearers needed them to correct presbyopia, and only clergymen tended to be literate enough to require reading glasses.
1800s – 1920s
Rimless glasses were first widely offered as pince-nez, with manufacturers arguing that the design was superior to extant eyeglasses because it secured the lenses directly to the nose and kept them in place. The style became popularized in the years prior to World War I by Theodore Roosevelt, whose popularity with the American people and public image as a frontiersman helped to eliminate some of the stigma associated with eyeglasses.
During this same period, another style became available in which the lenses were mounted to two arms as well as a bridge; the style became known as three-piece glasses for the three separate structural components. The most popular three-piece style was known as a riding temple, and was modeled after a style of eyeglasses favored by those who relied on horses for transportation. The style lacked nosepads, and featured small, oval lenses designed to sit flush with the face by way of the combined efforts of curved temples that conformed to the back of the wearer's ears and a curved nosepiece that conformed to the bridge of the nose. The design eliminated any obstruction of vision caused by eyeglass frames and also kept the glasses secure on the wearer's head.
1920s – 1960s
As more optometrists began to diagnose astigmatism, the pince nez became less practical because of subtle shifts in the position of the lenses caused by the wearer moving his or her head. With the implementation of nosepads in 1920, the three-piece style surpassed the pince nez in popularity; the new design allowed wearers to adjust the position of glasses on the face, and also permitted for a wide variety of lens shapes, with optometrists offering over 300 options by 1940 (though variations on circles, ovals, and octagons remained most popular).Fitting Faces: Eyeglass Fashion. 1940, the Atlanta Public School System
Also in the 1920s, a new style appeared in which an "arch" connected the bridge to the temples, to provide extra stability for the lenses; the mounting technique was referred to as "Shurset" ("sure set"). Although the design would be considered a variant of "semi-rimless" glasses in the latter part of the 20th century, the style was considered rimless upon its inception because no part of the lens was secured inside of a frame; modern semi-rimless eyewear features lenses partially secured inside of a half-frame, with the lower portion of the lens held in place by nylon wire. Though traditionally called "Rimways,"The Optometrist Attic: Rimway this variation was also referred to as Cortland style. A variation utilizing only two screws and which only secured the lenses to the bridge was called the Numont or the Two Screw Cortland; the removal of the temporal screws was considered to be a cosmetic improvement.
During the 1940s, the United States Army adopted the numont as a style available to soldiers requiring eyewear. Although rounded, wire-rimmed frames were the most popular choice, some participants in World War II wore numonts.
Three-piece glasses with temples and nosepads remained popular from the 1920s until the end of the 1950s; during the same period, Rimway glasses began to edge them out in popularity, and once three-piece glasses had fallen out of favor, remained in style into the 1960s.
1980s
Rimless glasses became popular again in the latter part of the 20th century, particularly a brief renaissance in the 1980s. In the 1980s, Rimways were often featured in movies to indicate that a character was an intellectual; Wilford Brimley wore a pair as scientist Blair in The Thing, as did Corey Feldman while playing a child inventor on Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter. Paul Verhoeven chose a pair for Kurtwood Smith to wear as villain Clarence Boddicker in RoboCop'' specifically because the glasses' intellectual associations would clash with the character's violent personality, a contradiction that he believed recalled the similarly bespectacled Heinrich Himmler.
2000s – 2010s
Three-piece glasses rose in popularity in the early 21st century with the implementation of lightweight titanium frames, which, coupled with polycarbonate lenses, made the glasses virtually weightless on the wearer's face. The favoring of rimless glasses by a variety of public figures also served to increase their popularity; in 2008, demand rose for rimless titanium glasses similar to those worn by Sarah Palin during public appearances during the 2008 United States Presidential Election. In 2011, the waning popularity of rimless glasses—which were being supplanted by horn-rimmed glasses—was invigorated following the death of Steve Jobs, whose round, rimless frames had become an iconic part of his appearance. In the weeks following Jobs' death, Robert Marc, the manufacturer who had designed Jobs' glasses in 1998, were inundated with requests for identical frames, to the point that the company had to place consumers on a three-month waiting list. Similarly, trade shows throughout the world—especially in Asia—quickly sold out as consumer demand rose for glasses like Jobs'.
Durability and stability
Because they lack frames, rimless glasses can sustain damage more easily than other eyeglasses designs; eyeglass labs throughout the United States report that consumers are two to ten times more likely to require new lenses in three-piece frames than any other eyeglass design. This is nominally a result of the material used to produce the lenses: Although relatively durable inside of frames, CR-39 lacks impact resistance and cannot absorb the wear and tear of constant stress to the lenses caused by putting on, wearing, and removing glasses. Rimways fare much better with CR-39 because the arches absorb shock and stress. The implementation of polycarbonate—the material used to make bulletproof glass—in addition to making rimless glasses even lighter, reduces the glasses' fragility as polycarbonate can endure a great amount of stress and is highly impact resistant. To ensure both the longevity of the glasses and as a safety precaution, more optical labs are refusing to mount CR-39 lenses in rimless frames, and British optical labs have uniformly adopted a policy of only processing polycarbonate lenses for rimless frames.
See also
Tannereye
References
Eyewear
Minimalist clothing
Austrian inventions
Strand Theater, now called the Strand Center Theatre, is a historic theater located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County, New York. It was built in 1924 as the premier theater in Plattsburgh and designed in the Classical Revival style. It consists of a vestibule, main lobby, mezzanine, auditorium, and stage with supporting spaces. It has seating for 950 people.
It was in continuous use as a movie theater until 2005, when it was purchased by the North Country Cultural Center for the Arts (NCCCA) with the goal of restoring it to its historic grandeur. This restoration took 10 years and $4 million to complete. In 2014 the NCCCA changed its legal name to The Strand Center for the Arts which includes this beautiful Strand Center Theatre but also the Federal Building next door which houses administration, gallery space and arts education classes.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
External links
"The Historic Strand Theater: The Strand is the Last of Many Theaters in the City of Plattsburgh Left Standing," All Point North, By: Kaidian Smith, Spring 2003
Cinema Treasures - Strand Theatre
The Strand Center for the Arts website
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Theatres in New York (state)
Neoclassical architecture in New York (state)
Theatres completed in 1924
Buildings and structures in Clinton County, New York
Tourist attractions in Clinton County, New York
Art centers in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Clinton County, New York
Public venues with a theatre organ
Sergey Viktorovich Krakovsky (, ) is a Soviet and Ukrainian former football goalkeeper and current Ukraine national under-17 football team goalkeeping coach.
Career
During his club career he played for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk. He was in the USSR national football team for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, but he did not win any caps for the Soviet Union.
In 2007, he served as the goalkeeping coach of FC Dynamo Kyiv.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mykolaiv
Association football goalkeepers
Ukrainian footballers
Soviet footballers
1986 FIFA World Cup players
MFC Mykolaiv players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Dnipro players
Hapoel Tzafririm Holon F.C. players
Hapoel Hadera F.C. players
FC Polissya Zhytomyr players
Soviet Top League players
Soviet First League players
Liga Leumit players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
FC Arsenal Kyiv managers
Ukrainian Premier League managers
Ukrainian football managers
Personality Squares is an Australian game show series aired on Network Ten in 1967 until 1969 and revived in 1981. It was hosted by John Bailey, followed by Joe Martin then Bob Moore and ran until 1969, with announcer John Blackman. The revival in 1981 was hosted by Jimmy Hannan. The format was based on the American game show Hollywood Squares.
The show was briefly known as "Celebrity Squares" when it debuted in 1967. The title was also used for the version on the Nine Network hosted by Jimmy Hannan from 1975 to 1976. Regular panellists included Chelsea Brown, Ugly Dave Gray, Bert Newton, Patti Newton, Bob Rogers, Barbie Rodgers, Malcolm T. Elliott and Beryl Cheers.
"All-Star Squares" was another version of the show in 1999 hosted by Ian 'Danno' Rogerson with announcer Gavin Wood.
See also
Celebrity Squares
References
Network 10 original programming
1960s Australian game shows
1970s Australian game shows
1980s Australian game shows
Black-and-white Australian television shows
1967 Australian television series debuts
1969 Australian television series endings
1981 Australian television series debuts
1981 Australian television series endings
English-language television shows
Biathlon at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of four events for men.
Medal table
Medal summary
The competition event was:
7.5 km: men
The event had separate standing, or visually impaired classifications:
LW2 - standing: single leg amputation above the knee
LW4 - standing: single leg amputation below the knee
LW6/8 - standing: single arm amputation
B1 - visually impaired: no functional vision
B2 - visually impaired: up to ca 3-5% functional vision
B3 - visually impaired: under 10% functional vision
See also
Biathlon at the 1992 Winter Olympics
References
Winter Sport Classification, Canadian Paralympic Committee
1992 Winter Paralympics events
1992
Paralympics
Biathlon competitions in France
Chris Carrawell (born November 25, 1977) is a retired American professional basketball player who is best known for his All-American college career at Duke University. He is currently an assistant men's basketball coach under Jon Scheyer.
High school career
Born in a rough inner city neighborhood in north St. Louis and growing up without his father (he saw him for the first time in 1999), Carrawell attended high school at Cardinal Ritter College Prep in St. Louis. Among his teammates were future NBA players Loren Woods and Jahidi White. In four years on the Cardinal Ritter varsity, he led the team to an overall 80–13 record, including a three-year undefeated streak at home. As a sophomore he posted averages of 19.4 points, 10.1 rebounds, 5.4 assists, 5.5 steals and 2.8 blocks per game. Carrawell was a USA today Top 40 All American going into his junior season, where he averaged 20.6 points and 10 rebounds per game as Cardinal Ritter won the state's Class AA championship. The following season, Cardinal Ritter defended its state title. Carrawell again led the team, averaging 17.4 points, 8.2 rebounds and 5.5 assists per game. Carrawell was named conference Player of the Year twice, earned Central Region honors as Gatorade Player of the Year, and was a fourth-team Parade All-American. He set school career records for points (2,087), rebounds (1,076), and assists (555). Cardinal Ritter made USA Todays list of the top 25 high school teams in the country twice during Carrawell's prep career.
College career
Freshman season (1996–97)
Carrawell was recruited by Duke University's Mike Krzyzewski as the third most-prized piece of the class of 2000. He started 12 times out of the 31 games he appeared in during his freshman season (1996–97). He shot 57.6% from the field, averaging 5.5 points per game. He ranked third on the team in offensive rebounds with 47, and on a team that mainly featured perimeter shooting, led the team in dunks with 22. Some highlights as a Duke freshman in 1996–97 include Carrawell defending Wake Forest's center Tim Duncan, blocking a key Wake Forest shot down the stretch and led Duke to the win.
Sophomore season (1997–98)
As a sophomore in the 1997–98 season, Carrawell appeared mostly as a reserve with ten starts as Duke posted a 32–4 mark, finishing in the Elite Eight. Carrawell, having scored in double figures 22 times, was fourth of the team's scorers with 10.1 points per game, performing well in two losses to North Carolina, scoring 19 in the first meeting with UNC and 18 in the ACC tournament game. He also ranked fourth on the team in rebounding, averaging 3.1 rebounds per game. Carrawell had offseason surgery on his left shoulder prior to the start of his sophomore season and missed four games due to a strained lower back.
Junior season (1998–99)
Carrawell contributed 9.9 points per game as a junior, starting all the games and helping his team to reach the Final Four in the 1998–99 season. He ranked third in rebounds and recorded 130 assists to place second on a team with several future NBA players. During the 39-game 1998–99 season, Carrawell started every game for a Duke team that was undefeated in the ACC and that fell to the University of Connecticut in the 1999 national title game. For these efforts, he was named Third-Team All ACC.
Senior season (1999–00)
Carrawell then averaged 16.9 points, 6.1 rebounds, 3.2 assists, 1.6 fouls, 0.9 steals, 2 turnovers, 1.1 blocks, makes 6 of 12.4 field goals (48%), 0.8 of 2.2 three-pointers (36%) and 4.1 of 5.2 free throws (78%) in 35.6 minutes per game in his senior season (all starts). Being second in his team in scoring, rebound and assists, Carrawell led his team to finish with a record of 29–5, win the ACC Tournament championship, a number one seed, and a Sweet 16 stint in the NCAA tournament. He was 2000 ACC Player of the Year with Associated Press and First Team All-American honors.
Records
Strong enough and mobile enough to guard several positions, Carrawell was also a two-time All-ACC selection in his career with the Blue Devils. He is tied for 27th on the all-time scoring list at Duke with 1,455 career points and also ranks 14th in school history with 0.8 blocks per game and tied for sixth with 116 overall wins. Carrawell helped the Blue Devils to succeed in the ACC during his tenure, finishing his career with 66 conference victories, second most all-time by a Duke player. Along with teammate Nate James, he is one of only two players in ACC history to play on teams that won four straight ACC regular-season championships. He was the only player to play in each of Duke's ACC-record 30 straight league wins. During Carrawell's collegiate career, the Blue Devils compiled a record of 133–24, including a 58–6 mark in ACC play. In 136 college games, he averaged 10.7 points, 4.5 rebounds, 2.3 assists in 26.1 minutes.
College statistics
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Duke
| 31 || 12 || 16.2 || .576 || .000 || .574 || 3.1 || 1.1 || 0.7 || 0.7 || 5.5
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | Duke
| 32 || 10 || 22.2 || .482 || .368 || .641 || 3.7 || 1.1 || 0.6 || 0.7 || 10.1
|-
| align="left" | 1998–99
| align="left" | Duke
| 39 || 39 || 28.6 || .454 || .345 || .577 || 4.8 || 3.3 || 0.8 || 0.9 || 9.9
|-
| align="left" | 1999–00
| align="left" | Duke
| 34 || 34 || 35.6 || .486 || .377 || .778 || 6.1 || 3.2 || 1.0 || 1.1 || 16.9
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" |
| 136 || 95 || 26.0 || .486 || .360 || .667 || 4.5 || 2.3 || 0.8 || 0.8 || 10.7
|-
Professional career
Carrawell was selected by the San Antonio Spurs in the second round (41st pick overall) of the 2000 NBA draft. He played overseas after graduating from Duke. He played a year in Italy before returning to the United States to play in the inaugural season of the D League with the Asheville Altitude. In 56 games for the Altitude, he averaged 7.3 points, 3.6 rebounds, 1.8 assists in 22.9 minutes. Over the next six years, he played in Lithuania for Kaunas, Germany, Australia for the Sydney Kings, the Philippines for the Alaska Aces, and the American Basketball Association. While in the ABA he won the 2006 MVP Award, an ABA Championship (2006) and the 2006 ABA Championship MVP award. Carrawell retired after playing in the Netherlands in 2007 where his team finished second after losing in the championship finals.
With his retirement in 2007, Carrawell became the first player of the new millennium to be drafted into the NBA, but never played a single game in the league. All 40 players that were drafted before Carrawell played at least one game in the league. There were also 7 other players from the 2000 NBA Draft who never played in the league, one of them being Cory Hightower who was also selected by the Spurs in that draft.
Coaching career
Carrawell then spent four years at Duke in a variety of administrative roles. After being hired in 2007–08 as the Duke Athletics Outreach Coordinator, he became a graduate assistant and head team manager from 2008–2010 then became an assistant video coordinator and assistant strength and conditioning coach 2010–11. While serving as a special assistant to the Duke women's team in 2011, the New Jersey Nets hired him to be an assistant coach to Bob MacKinnon Jr. for their NBA D League affiliate in Springfield, Massachusetts called the Springfield Armor. In 2014, Carrawell was hired to Marquette's coaching staff under his former Duke teammate Steve Wojciechowski.
After four years as an assistant coach at Marquette, Carrawell accepted the same position at his alma mater, Duke, on March 30. He replaced Jeff Capel as an assistant, who became the head coach at the University of Pittsburgh.
Personal life
Carrawell resides in Mebane with his wife Keisha Royster-Carrawell. He has two sons, Caleb and Christian. He earned a degree in sociology from Duke.
References
External links
Marquette profile
Duke statistics
NBDL statistics
College stats at Sports-Reference.com
Australian NBL stats at SportsTG.com
1977 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Asheville Altitude players
ABA All-Star Game players
Basketball coaches from Missouri
Basketball players from St. Louis
BC Žalgiris players
Duke Blue Devils men's basketball players
Duke Blue Devils women's basketball coaches
Gaiteros del Zulia players
Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball coaches
Matrixx Magixx players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
People from Mebane, North Carolina
San Antonio Spurs draft picks
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Springfield Armor coaches
Sydney Kings players
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
Alaska Aces (PBA) players
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
Philippine Basketball Association imports
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Phil Chesters (born 29 October 1987) is an English rugby union player who is currently playing for Chinnor in National League 1 having signed for the club for the 2017-18 season.
Prior to that he had made his name at Ealing Trailfinders where he had also been part of the medical staff. His best position is winger and over his career he has proved to be a tremendous try scorer who has set multiple records in lower division English rugby with Ealing, notably all-time records of 42 tries in a season in tier 3 (National League 1) and an amazing 70 tries in a season in tier 4 (National League 2 South) – a record that is unlikely to ever be beaten. As of the end of the 2017-18 he has also become the National League 2 South all-time try scorer with 117 tries.
Surprisingly, despite all the records he has set Phil has been relatively unheralded by the English mainstream press and he has not played at the highest level of English rugby in the Premiership. As well as appearing for Ealing, Phil has also represented his county side Devon as well as Barbarians and England Counties XV.
Rugby Union Career
Early career
Although he grew up in Devon, Phil started his senior rugby union league career at the south-east London based club, Westcombe Park, during the 2008-09 season. Deployed as a full-back in what was a very competitive division, he found his chances limited at a club that would ultimately be relegated at the end of the season. After just one year at Wescombe Park, Phil would be signed by another local club, Ealing Trailfinders, who were playing in National League 2 South – the same division Park had just been demoted to. At Ealing Phil was switched from full-back to the wing where he was better able to make use of his speed and timing at a strong, attack focused team. Becoming a first team regular he had an outstanding debut season, scoring 29 tries to become the divisions top try scorer and helping his side to 3rd place in the 2009–10 National League 2 South, narrowly missing out on the playoff spot despite being tied on points with runners-up, Rosslyn Park (who had a better for and against record).
Breaking records
If his debut season was good, his second season at Trailfinders was record breaking. Having come close to promotion last time around, Ealing would be strong favorites for the title along with league newcomers Jersey. The national league record for tries in a season had been set by Chris Ashton who had scored 39 tries while helping Northampton Saints make an instant return to the Premiership by winning the 2007–08 National Division One league title, himself beating the record of 38 tries to set by Richard Newton of Penzance & Newlyn (now known as Cornish Pirates) back in 2000. This record was blown out of the water by Phil who broke it by February when he scored his 40th try against Richmond, ultimately ending the season with an unbelievable 70 tries. As well as breaking the most tries scored in a season, Phil also equaled the divisional record of most tries per game set by James O'Brien back in 2004 – by scoring 7 tries in a game – twice. Unsurprisingly considering the number of tries scored by Phil and the team as a whole (over 1,400 points scored in total), Ealing finished as champions of the 2010–11 National League 2 South, run close by runners-up Jersey, with both teams streets ahead of everyone else.
His third season at Ealing was another good one for Phil and the club. Although some doubted that in a stronger league he would be able to dominate defences as he did in National League 2 South, he continued his rich vein of form by finishing as the league's top try scorer and breaking the National League 1 try record with 40 tries – the third year in a row he had finished as his division's top try scorer. Ealing battled for the 2011–12 National League 1 title with Jersey, as the two promoted sides dominated the league, but in the end had to settle for second place (and missing out on the only promotion spot) as the Islanders had a tremendous season. His form for Ealing would lead to Phil being called up by Devon for the Bill Beaumont Cup in May, bagging 2 tries in a 20 – 33 group stage defeat against Somerset in his only appearance at the competition. Phil would also be honoured with a cap for the Barbarians later that month, scoring a try in a 40 – 17 win for the Ba-Bas against Loughborough Students. The final highlight of another great season was a call up by England Counties XV for their tour of East Africa. Phil scored 4 tries in 3 games played for the Counties which include a brace in the pre-tour game against an Irish XV in Preston, Lancashire as they won all their games.
Near death and rehabilitation
The 2012-13 season was going well for Phil and his club. Ealing were top of National League 1 and Phil was having another prolific try scoring season with 29 tries to his name before March had drawn to close when disaster struck. Having helped Ealing to a 62 – 7 victory away to Sedgley Park in which he scored six tries, Phil had returned to London and had a night out with friends, during which he was hit by a car and suffered severe injuries including a fractured skull, broken jaw and injured shoulder. He was rushed to intensive care for surgery and spent a week in hospital until he was released to spend the rest of the season at his parents home to recover from his injuries. Despite missing their key try scorer, Ealing managed to win the league title and promotion to the RFU Championship for the first time in the club's history. Phil also finished as the top try scorer in the division as his 29 tries were enough to claim this accolade – now the fourth year in a row in which he had been the top try scorer in his division.
Championship up and downs
During his rehabilitation Phil had been unsure if he would ever play rugby union again due to his injuries but after several months he was given the all-clear and returned to the Ealing Trailfinders squad for contact training in August 2013 in preparation for the 2013–14 RFU Championship season. He made the Trailfinders team for the first game of the season at Allianz Park (a neutral venue for what was billed as the "Big Rugby Weekend"), making history by being the first Ealing try scorer in the Championship, in what was otherwise a disappointing game for his side as they lost 13 – 44 to London Scottish. It was a huge step up in class for both Phil and his team as Championship defences were far meaner than they had been in either National League 1 or National League 2 South and they struggled throughout the season, falling out of the British and Irish Cup before Christmas and being involved in a relegation battle with old foes Jersey. Phil scored 12 tries over the season but in the end his team experienced the agony of a last day relegation losing at home to Rotherham Titans while the Islanders had a bonus point victory away to Bedford Blues – staying up by a single point as Ealing's two losing points were not enough to save them from an instant return to National League 1.
The 2014-15 season saw Phil and Ealing back in National League 1. During the course of the season Ealing proved to be far too strong for the majority of the teams in the division, winning 27 games out of 30 to take the league title and make an instant return to the Championship – nine points clear of second placed Rosslyn Park. In a division where defences were less tight and playing for a winning team, Phil rediscovered his lethal try scoring touch, finishing as the divisions top try scorer with 33 tries.
Although Phil was not as prolific as he had been in the previous campaign, he still played an important role in ensuring that this time Ealing remained in the Championship, contributing 9 tries in the league over the 2015-16 season and condemning Moseley to the drop instead. The 2016-17 season saw Ealing go from strength to strength as they achieved a 3rd-place finish in the league and qualification to the playoffs where they lost to Yorkshire Carnegie despite winning the second leg. On a personal note Phil was relegated to more of a squad player this season despite appearing in one of the playoff semi-finals. In March 2017 he signed with Old Elthamians who would go on to achieve promotion from the 2016–17 National League 2 South via the playoffs, although Phil did not feature in the playoff victory.
Back to National 2 South
After his short spell with Old Elthamians, Phil decided to sign terms with Chinnor, signing for the club in June 2017. He scored 19 league tries during the 2017-18 as his side would go on to finish as league runners-up in National League 2 South, and ultimately gain promotion after winning the play-off against Sedgley Park, although he did not play in this game.
Season-by-season playing stats
Honours
Ealing Trailfinders
National League 2 South champions: 2010-11
National League 2 South top try scorer (2 times): 2009-10 (28 tries), 2010-11 (70 tries)
National League 1 champions (2 times): 2012-13, 2014-15
National League 1 top try scorer (3 times): 2011-12 (42 tries), 2012-13 (29 tries), 2014-15 (33 tries)
Chinnor
National League 2 (north v south) promotion play-off winners: 2017–18
County/Representative
Selected for Devon in County Championship: 2012
Represented England Counties XV on tour of East Africa: 2012
Represented Barbarians: 2012
Playing Records
National League 2 South All-time top try scorer: 117 tries
National League 2 South most times top try scorer: 2 times during 2009-10 and 2010-11 seasons
National League 2 South most tries in a season: 70 tries during 2010-11 season
National League 2 South most tries in a match: 7 (x2) during 2010-11 season
National League 1 most tries in a season: 42 tries during 2011-12 season
Notes
References
External links
Old Elthamians RFC
Ealing Trailfinders Rugby Club
1987 births
Living people
Barbarian F.C. players
English rugby union players
Rugby union players from Devon
Rugby union wings
"Top Back" is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., taken from his fourth studio album King (2006). The song, produced by Mannie Fresh, was released December 12, 2006.
Remix
The remix features fellow American rappers Young Jeezy, Young Dro, Big Kuntry King and B.G. T.I. performed the remix at the BET Hip Hop Awards on November 15, 2006.
The song was also remixed in 2007, by American rapper Lil Wayne, freestyling over the song's beat for his mixtape Da Drought 3. The freestyle was titled "Seat Down Low".
Other versions
"Top Back" (Amended Mix)
"Top Back" (Remix Instrumental)
"Top Back" (Explicit Mix Version)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2006 singles
T.I. songs
B.G. (rapper) songs
Young Dro songs
Jeezy songs
Grand Hustle Records singles
Atlantic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mannie Fresh
Songs written by T.I.
Songs written by Jeezy
Songs written by Mannie Fresh
2006 songs
Songs about cars
Mohamad Zaim bin Abu Hassan is a Malaysian politician from UMNO. He was the Member of Parliament of Parit from 2013 to 2018 and Member of Perak State Legislative Assembly for Belanja from 1995 to 1999 and from 2004 to 2013.
Politics
He was dropped as a candidate in the 2018 Malaysian general election.
Election result
References
Malaysian politicians
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Dewan Rakyat
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Guiqiao Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Jinsui Road and Chuanqiao Road in Pudong, the station serves as the eastern terminus of the line and it opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021. Previously, this station was given the name Jinsui Road.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Nguyen v. INS, 533 U.S. 53 (2001), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld the validity of laws relating to U.S. citizenship at birth for children born outside the United States, out of wedlock, to an American parent. The Court declined to overturn a more restrictive citizenship requirement applying to a foreign-born child of an American father and a non-American mother who was not married to the father, as opposed to a child born to an American mother under similar circumstances.
Background
Section 309 of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 as amended (codified as section 1409 of Title 8 of the United States Code) deals with U.S. citizenship for children born outside the U.S., out of wedlock, to an American parent. If a child is born abroad, out of wedlock, to an American mother, the child automatically acquires U.S. citizenship at birth, provided the mother had "previously been physically present in the United States or one of its outlying possessions for a continuous period of one year". An illegitimate foreign-born child of an American father and an alien mother, on the other hand, is recognized as a U.S. citizen only if a much more complex and stringent set of conditions are met: the father's paternity must be convincingly established prior to the child's 18th birthday, and the father must also agree in writing to provide financial support to the child until he or she reaches age 18.
Tuan Anh Nguyen was born in Vietnam to an American father and a Vietnamese mother who were not married. He moved to the United States with his father and became a legal permanent resident of the U.S. at age six, but his father did not attempt to establish any claim of U.S. citizenship for the boy. At age 22, Nguyen pleaded guilty to sexual assault; this made him subject to deportation based on his criminal record.
Nguyen's father obtained evidence of parentage in an attempt to have his son recognized as a U.S. citizen, but his efforts were rejected by the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) because required any such evidence to have been presented before the child's 18th birthday. Nguyen—together with his father—mounted a court challenge to the law, claiming that 8 U.S.C. § 1409 was unconstitutionally discriminatory because it imposed stricter requirements for a foreign-born illegitimate child of an American father than would have applied if his American parent had been his mother.
Holding
The Supreme Court rejected Nguyen's arguments and upheld the law denying him citizenship, holding by a 5–4 majority that 8 U.S.C. § 1409 was consistent with the equal protection principle, applied through the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution. In the opinion of the Court (written by Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy), the Court ruled that although the statute was discriminatory, "it serves[d] important governmental objectives and that the discriminatory means employed [were] substantially related to the achievement of those objectives". The Court found that Congress' decision to impose different requirements on unmarried fathers and unmarried mothers was "based on the significant difference between their respective relationships to the potential citizen at the time of birth". First, the Court noted that whereas a mother's biological relationship to her child is easily verified and documented, the same cannot be said of the father. Second, the Court concluded that the law was designed "to ensure that the child and citizen parent have some demonstrated opportunity to develop... a relationship... that consists of the real, everyday ties that provide a connection between child and citizen parent and, in turn, the United States"—something that was inherent in the case of an American mother and her child, but not inevitable in the case of a single father.
Even though Nguyen's father had submitted DNA evidence proving the father-son relationship, the Court noted that "scientific proof of biological paternity does nothing, by itself, to ensure contact between father and child during the child's minority". In the end, the Court held that Congress was "well within its authority in refusing, absent proof of at least the opportunity for the development of a relationship between citizen parent and child, to commit this country to embracing a child as a citizen".
A concurring opinion by Associate Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas proposed that the Supreme Court simply did not have the power of "conferral of citizenship on a basis other than that prescribed by Congress". The dissent (written by Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor) concluded that the INS "[had] not shown an exceedingly persuasive justification for the sex-based classification... because it [had] failed to establish at least that the classification substantially relate[d] to the achievement of important government objectives", and on that basis the minority would have ruled in Nguyen's favor.
An earlier case, Miller v. Albright, , suggested a similar conclusion to that given in Nguyen v. INS, but had failed to support it by a clear majority.
Aftermath
After the Supreme Court decision, the INS attempted to deport Nguyen, but was unsuccessful because of a Vietnamese government policy barring the repatriation of convicts from the United States.
Nguyen and his father sought to reopen the deportation proceedings, and when this effort was unsuccessful, appealed to the courts again, claiming that the refusal by the Board of Immigration Appeals to reopen Nguyen's case deprived him of due process of law and denied the father's right to enjoy his son's companionship. This appeal was rejected by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in 2005.
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
2001 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States equal protection case law
Park Circle is a neighborhood in northwest Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Northwest Baltimore
Zhangping may refer to:
Zhangping City (漳平), county-level city in the municipal region of Longyan, Fujian, China
Zhangping (township) (樟坪), ethnic township in Guixi City in the municipal region of Yingtan, Jiangxi, China
Zhang Ping (politician), Chinese politician
Legette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Burnie Legette (born 1970), American football player
Tyrone Legette (born 1970), American football player
See also
Felisha Legette-Jack (born 1966), American women's basketball player and coach
Beachhead! is a 1954 American Technicolor war film based on U.S. Marine Corps Captain Richard G. Hubler 1945 novel I've Got Mine about World War II. It was filmed on Kauai island in the Hawaiian Islands chain in the mid - Pacific Ocean by Aubrey Schenck Productions, released through United Artists studio and directed by Stuart Heisler.
Plot
In late October 1943, a battalion of U.S. Marines have landed on Choiseul Island to create a diversion for the impending Allied attack and invasion of Japanese held Bougainville Island in the Northern Solomon Islands, northeast of the large island colony of New Guinea in the southwest Pacific Ocean. Not addressed in the film is that the real mission was undertaken by the Marine 2d Parachute Battalion (Reinforced).
Four of them have been selected to carry out a reconnaissance patrol to find a French planter and his daughter. The planter has sent a solitary radio message to the Allies concerning the area the Japanese have mined; if the information is true it could save a projected 18% of the Marine invasion force. The patrol must confirm that the message is authentic, and that the planter is still alive, as he can give the Marines valuable information needed for a successful amphibious landing by the Allied forces. Once obtaining the information the small party is to make a rendezvous on the coast with a US Navy PT boat. The members of a patrol are the sole survivors of their sergeant's platoon on Guadalcanal with both the patrol members and the sergeant blaming their demise on their sergeant's leadership.
Cast
Tony Curtis as Burke
Frank Lovejoy as Sgt. Fletcher
Mary Murphy as Nina Bouchard
Eduard Franz as Bouchard, French Planter
Skip Homeier as Reynolds
John Doucette as Maj. Scott
Alan Wells as Biggerman
Akira Fukunaga as Terrified Japanese Sailor (as Sunshine Akira Fukunaga)
Dan Aoki as Japanese Sniper
Sam "Steamboat" Mokuahi Sr. as Malanesian, Island native
Production
Filmed on Hawaiian locations on Kaua'i, including Hanalei Pier, the film was budgeted at US$450,000 with the producers arranging to release Tony Curtis from his contract with Universal-International studios. The producers used Hawaiians for many of the roles in the film such as Sam "Steamboat" Mokuahi, Democratic Party organiser Dan Aoki, and Akira Fukunaga, the latter two being veterans of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team.
The producers went to the US Marine Corps to seek technical assistance for the making of the film. Although the Corps liked the idea of the film, they refused to provide cooperation. As two of the four Marines were killed in the screenplay, the Public Information Officer said that the Marines would not provide any assistance to any film showing the Corps taking 50 per cent casualties as they were in the midst of a new recruiting campaign emphasising a new less danger-seeking image. The producers visited the Pentagon and were provided with Navy, Coast Guard, and Hawaiian National Guard assistance in making the movie. The film was titled Missione Suicido (Suicide Mission) in Italy.
Mary Murphy felt that Stuart Heisler was trying to make her look like a version of the director's own wife. She was also nearly attacked by a drunken cameraman on the film's isolated Hawaiian location.
References
External links
Original film trailer
1954 films
Pacific War films
1950s English-language films
Films about the United States Marine Corps
Films set in 1943
Films set in the Solomon Islands
1950s war adventure films
Films scored by Emil Newman
Films shot in Hawaii
Films based on American novels
Films based on military novels
United Artists films
Films scored by Arthur Lange
American war adventure films
1950s American films
Eric Pratt Hamp (November 16, 1920 – February 17, 2019) was an American linguist widely respected as a leading authority on Indo-European linguistics, with particular interests in Celtic languages and Albanian. Unlike many Indo-Europeanists, who work entirely on the basis of written materials, he conducted extensive fieldwork on lesser-known Indo-European languages and dialects, such as Albanian, Arbëresh and Arvanitika; Breton; Welsh; Irish; Resian and Scots Gaelic.
His wide-ranging interests also included American Indian languages. He served for many years as editor of the International Journal of American Linguistics and did field work on Quileute and Ojibwa. He also studied linguistic aspects of braille.
Hamp's scholarship was characterized by the densely argued, narrowly focused note, essay and review, generally consisting of a few pages. He wrote more than 3,500 articles and reviews, and nearly every important aspect of historical linguistics was dealt with, often multiple times, in Hamp's writings.
He was the Robert Maynard Hutchins Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus at the University of Chicago and in spite of his advanced age, he continued to write, edit, speak and travel at select meetings and conferences, and was an Associate Editor of the journal Anthropological Linguistics. He died in February 2019 at the age of 98.
Early life
Hamp was born in London in 1920 and moved to the United States in 1925 when his father became the New York representative of the Silver Line, a British shipping company. Growing up in East Orange, New Jersey, Hamp was sent to the Tome School in 1935 and entered Amherst College in the fall of 1938. He received his BA from Amherst, majoring in Greek and Latin, in 1942.
Hamp was still a British subject during the early years of World War II, and he spent the period immediately after college as a purchasing agent for the Union of South Africa under Lend-Lease, which provided U.S. war material to the Allies. He then became a U.S. citizen and served in the U.S. Army, being discharged in 1947 at the rank of sergeant.
Hamp resumed his studies in 1947, entering the Department of Comparative Philology at Harvard University (the department was renamed the Department of Linguistics in 1951), from which he received an MA (1948) and PhD (1954). Among Hamp's teachers at Harvard were Joshua Whatmough and Kenneth H. Jackson.
Career
Hamp became interested in Albanian while in graduate school at Harvard, and he traveled to southern Italy to do field work among the Arbëreshë people, an Albanian ethnolinguistic group in southern Italy. It was in Italy in 1950 that he received an invitation to join the faculty of the University of Chicago as a lecturer in Linguistics.
Hamp spent his entire academic career on the University of Chicago faculty, being promoted to assistant professor in 1953, associate professor in 1958 and full professor in 1962. He retired from teaching in 1991. At Chicago, he was the Robert Maynard Hutchins Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus in the Department of Linguistics, where he served as chair from 1966 to 1969.
Hamp also held appointments at the University of Chicago in the departments of Psychology and Slavic Languages and Literatures, as well as in the Committee on the Ancient Mediterranean World. He served as director for the Center for Balkan and Slavic Studies from 1965 to 1991.
He was a visiting fellow and faculty member at a number of institutions throughout the world, including the University of Michigan; the University of Wisconsin; the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies; the University of Edinburgh; and the Luigj Gurakuqi University of Shkodër, Albania. In 1960, he held the Hermann and Klara H. Collitz Professorship for Comparative Philology at the Linguistic Society of America Summer Institute at the University of Texas.
Hamp was a prodigious lecturer, and among the invited talks he has given were the Rudolf Thurneysen Memorial Lecture at the University of Bonn and the James W. Poultney Lecture at Johns Hopkins University.
Selected honors
Hamp's extensive career brought him recognition from multiple disciplines in language studies, including six Festschriften: one in general linguistics, two in Balkan studies, one in Native American languages, one in Indo-European linguistics and one in Celtic studies. These works include Studies in Balkan Linguistics to Honor Eric P. Hamp on his Sixtieth Birthday, Folia Slavica 4, 2–3, published in 1981 and edited by Howard I. Aronson and Bill J. Darden; Celtic Language, Celtic Culture: A Festschrift for Eric P. Hamp, published in 1990 and edited by A.T. E. Matonis and Daniel F. Melia; and Scritti in onore di Eric Pratt Hamp per il suo 90. compleanno, edited by Giovanni Belluscio and Antonio Mendicino of the University of Calabria and published in 2010 (ISBN 9 788874 581016).
Hamp was a member of many academies and learned societies, including the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters and the Albanian Academy of Sciences, and he received honorary doctorates from Amherst College, University of Wales, the University of Calabria, the University of Delhi, and the University of Edinburgh.
On his 92nd birthday in 2012, Posta Shqiptare, the national postal service of Albania, honored Hamp with a 50 lekë stamp in a series commemorating foreign Albanologists, linguists who have studied the Albanian language. Hamp was the only living Albanologist honored in the series, the two other commemorated linguists being Norbert Jokl and Holger Pedersen.
Personal life
Hamp married Margot Faust, a lecturer in Art Education at the University of Chicago, in 1951. She often assisted him in his field work. They had two children: a daughter, Julijana, and a son, Alex. They remained married for more than 67 years until Hamp's death in 2019.
Selected works
Author: A Glossary of American Technical Linguistic Usage, 3d rev. ed., 1966, Vaccarizzo Albanese Phonology, 1993; (with others) Language and Machines, 1966; co-editor Readings in Linguistics I & II, abridged ed., 1995, Languages and Areas: Studies presented to George V. Bobrinskoy, 1967, Themes in Linguistics: The 1970s, 1973; advisory editor: Foundations of Language 1964–74, Studies in Language, 1974–79, General Linguistics, 1966–91, Papers in Language and Lit., 1965–92, Journal Linguistics, 1971–81, Journal Indo-European Studies, 1972—, Folia Linguistica Historica, 1978–98, Ann. of Armenian Linguistics, 1978—, Anthropological Linguistics, 1981—, Études Celtiques, 1982—, Journal Historical Linguistics and Philology, 1982–90, Glossologia (Athens), 1983–99, Jewish Language Rev. (Haifa), 1983, Medieval Language Rev., 1991—, Linguistics Abstracts, 1985, 95, Voprosy Jazykoznanija (Moscow), 1988–92, Studia Indogermanica, 1990—, Albanica, 1991–93; associate editor: International Journal of American Linguistics, 1967–92, emeritus editor, 1992—, Native American Texts Series, 1974—, founding editor; Atlas Linguarum Europae, 1984—; section head comparative and hist. linguistics: Celtic and Albanian sections Modern Language Association Ann. Bibliography, 1969–82; advisor: Encyclopedia Brit., 1969–2000, member advisory committee, 1985–2000; member adv. board and contributor Pergamon-Aberdeen Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 1988–94; member Advisory Board Slavia Centralis, 2009—; adv. and project linguist Braille Reading and Language Programs and Braille Research Center, Am. Printing House for the Blind, 1977–96, member International English Braille Linguistics committee, 1994—; editor for etymologies: Random House Unabridged Dictionary (rev. ed.); Participant in Yeniseic-Tlingit-Athabaskan Familial Proof, Tokyo, Leipzig and Alaska 2004,-06, 08, 10; author ca. 1,500 articles in field.
Bibliography
Among the more than 3500 articles, reviews and other works Eric Hamp produced, some notable ones are:
Hamp, Eric P., Martin Joos, Fred W. Householder, and Robert Austerlitz, editors Readings in Linguistics I & II. With a new Preface by Eric Hamp. Abridged edition. 302 p. 8½ × 11 1957, 1966, 1995
Hamp, Eric P. "Mabinogi." Transactions of the Honourable Society of the Cymmrodorion . 1974–75. 243-49.
Hamp, Eric. 1979. "Toward the history of Slavic scholarship," Slovene Studies 1/2: 61–62.
Hamp, Eric. 1988. "Indo-European o-grade deverbal thematics in Slovene," Slovene Studies 10/1: 65–70
Hamp, Eric. 1989. "On the survival of Slovene o-grade deverbal thematics in Resian," Slovene Studies 10/2: 171–173.
Hamp, Eric. 1989. "Chronological marriage patterns in Resia," Slovene Studies 10/2: 201–202.
Hamp, Eric. 1996. "On the Indo-European origins of the retroflexes in Sanskrit." The Journal of the American Oriental Society, October 21, 1996: 719–724.
Hamp, Eric. 1999. "Mabinogi and Archaism" Celtica 23, 1999: 96–110.
Hamp, Eric. 2007. Studime krahasuese për shqipen (Comparative studies on Albanian) edited by Rexhep Ismajli, Akademia e Shkencave dhe e Arteve e Kosovës, Prishtinë.
References
External links
Books
Linguistic Society of America Summer Institutes
Anthropological Linguistics
University of Chicago archives
University of Chicago Linguistics faculty – Emeritus category
Eric P. Hamp's member history in the American Philosophical Society
1920 births
2019 deaths
Linguists from the United States
Historical linguists
Amherst College alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Linguists of Indo-European languages
Albanologists
Slavists
Etymologists
Members of the Academy of Sciences of Albania
University of Michigan faculty
indo-Europeanists
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Members of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Linguists of Algic languages
Linguistic Society of America presidents
People from East Orange, New Jersey
British emigrants to the United States
Academics of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies
Ignatius "Nace" O'Dowd (1 August 1931 – 16 May 1987) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for the Sligo county team in the 1950s and was a member of a number of successful Railway Cup teams.
In 1949 he captained a Sligo team to a Connacht Championship. He made his senior Inter-county debut for Sligo while a teenager and played for the county for eleven years.
O'Dowd was often tasked with marking Galway forward Seán Purcell. Purcell named O'Dowd as one of the players he admired most in GAA football.
In 1954 O'Dowd played for Sligo in the Connacht Final, which they narrowly lost to Galway.
He lined out nine times for Connacht in the Railway Cup, helping the province to victory in 1957 and 1958.
O'Dowd played in teams that won four Sligo Club Championships. He won one Mayo title with Castlebar Mitchels and captained his native Mullinabreena to a Sligo Senior Title in 1958.
O'Dowd emigrated to America in 1959 and played in Gaelic Park, New York City. He returned to Ireland in the 1970s.
The Coolaney/Mullinabreena GAA club named their pitch Nace O'Dowd Park in his honour.
References
1931 births
1987 deaths
Irish expatriates in the United States
Sligo inter-county Gaelic footballers
Tubbercurry Gaelic footballers
Castlebar Mitchels Gaelic footballers
Mullinabreena Gaelic footballers
People from County Sligo
Thomas Lorraine Hunt (11 February 1882 – 17 April 1938) was a Canadian-American landscape painter of the 1920s and 30s, known especially for his dramatic use of color. His paintings are considered a transition from impressionism to modernism. His primary subjects were boats and harbors in which the colors and shapes on the canvas took precedence over the exactness of the objects. Hunt was active among the Southern California group of Impressionist plein air painters and a founding member of the Laguna Art Museum.
Early life
Thomas Lorraine Hunt was born 11 February 1882 in London, Ontario, Canada, the son of the landscape artist William Powell Hunt. He was mentored in painting technique by his father who encouraged Hunt to pursue a career as an artist. Beginning at age 19, Hunt worked as a traveling salesman, then began taking landscape art seriously in 1908 at the age of 26. After marrying Blanche Levine in 1910, he and his wife immigrated to Cleveland, Ohio, USA. In Cleveland, Hunt earned a living in apartment construction as a general contractor and real estate developer, however, in the city directories he listed his occupation as artist.
Career
Hunt began painting in earnest around the age of 40. Following a vacation trip to Southern California with his wife and parents in 1922, Hunt sold his real estate holdings in Cleveland and moved to San Bernardino, California. Hunt continued to earn a living with real estate development projects in Hollywood and San Bernardino, but became an active figure in the artist community. He began spending considerable time with the Plein Air impressionist painters in Laguna Beach. Additionally, each summer from 1922 to 1926, he and his wife traveled back east to Gloucester, Massachusetts. In Gloucester, Hunt attended the group classes given by artist and instructor Hugh Breckenridge at his Breckenridge School of Art.
Hunt's favorite subjects from both Gloucester and Southern California were landscapes of boats and harbors.
In 1926, Hunt received a commission from the Elks Club of Los Angeles for a painting that would depict the end of the war with Mexico in 1848. Hunt's large 78 x 90 inch canvas, The First American Flag, illustrated the first raising of the American flag in California. The painting exemplified Hunt's "unique approach to painting by reducing an image to a few key elements, simplifying both color and form to create an overall patterned design."
Hunt moved to Laguna Beach in 1927, having built a home therewith a studio overlooking the Pacific Ocean. He became a member of the Laguna Beach Art Association and worked on the selection committee to locate a site for the Association's permanent gallery, which became the Laguna Art Museum.
Hunt exhibited his works regularly during the late 1920s and early 1930s. His exhibition prizes included a 1st place at the 1928 California State Exhibition, 2nd in 1927 Laguna Beach Art Association (LBAA) exhibit, honorable mention from the San Diego Fine Arts Guild in 1933, 3rd at the 1933 LBAA exhibit, the 1933 Gertrude Streater Award for Landscape from the Pasadena Art Institute, and the 1933 Prize for Oil Painting from the San Diego Fine Arts Society.
Personal life
Hunt married Blanche Levina Smith (born 18 May 1871, County Down, Ireland) in 1910. They had no children. In 1937, Blanche died of a cerebral hemorrhage at their Laguna Beach home. Hunt had suffered from stomach ulcers for many years, and died at Santa Ana Hospital on 17 April 1938 after surgery for a perforated ulcer. Both Thomas and Blanche Hunt were buried at Mountain View Cemetery in San Bernardino. At Hunt's memorial service, the artist and his close friend Frank Cuprien gave the eulogy.
Style and legacy
Although his father was a noted landscape artist, and Hunt took some classes from Hugh Breckenridge, he is considered to be mostly self-taught. It has been speculated that Hunt was exposed to some avant-garde styles of art from the Cleveland School of Art.
According to art historian Jean Stern, Hunt developed a unique style that was "uncommonly modernistic for the period." Stern considered his paintings as a transition from impressionism to modernism through a "distinct and unique form of post-impressionism... characterized by bold dramatic canvasses that celebrate color." William H. Gerdts described Hunt's style as using "forms [that] are simple, colorful, unadorned and intense... his paintings celebrate color at the expense of objective exactitude."
There were no solo exhibitions of Hunt's paintings during his lifetime. Following his death, the Laguna Beach Art Association held a mini-retrospective in 1938 and again in 1959. The first major collection and exhibition of paintings by Thomas Hunt was held in the fall of 2019 at the Laguna Art Museum.
References
1882 births
1938 deaths
20th-century American painters
American Impressionist painters
American landscape painters
Artists from London, Ontario
Artists from California
People from Laguna Beach, California
Automatic route selection is a private branch exchange (PBX) feature that allows a system to route a telephone call over the most appropriate carrier and service offering based on factors such as the type of call (i.e., local, local long distance, etc.), the user's class of service (CoS), the time of day, and the day of the week (e.g., workday, weekend, or holiday).
ARS can be used to route the landline leg of a call through a cellular network, if it offers lower rates. ARS is of the greatest value in a liberalized or deregulated telecom environment where there are multiple competing carriers and rate plans available. ARS generally uses a lookup table rather than parsing a hierarchy of dialed telephone numbers and calculating the least cost route.
ARS is also known as Least-cost routing (LCR).
References
Your Dictionary
Telecommunications engineering
Sinéad Bradley (born 17 February 1972) is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician from Northern Ireland. She was an MLA for South Down from the 2016 election, but did not contest the 2022 election. She was the SDLP spokesperson on Economy and Health.
Background
She was born in the Burren, County Down to former MLA P. J. Bradley and his wife Leontia. Sinéad was the campaign manager for her father's successful 1998 Assembly election campaign.
She attended Ballyholland Primary School and St. Mary's High School, Newry. She then went to Manchester Metropolitan University from which she obtained a BSc(Hons) in Business studies and IT. She qualified as a teacher in 1996.
Bradley married John Challinor in 2000. The couple have a son.
References
1972 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Social Democratic and Labour Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Northern Ireland MLAs 2017–2022
Female members of the Northern Ireland Assembly
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
Brian Nancurvis (14 August 1937 – 9 January 2012), who fought under the name Brian Curvis as a professional, was a boxer from Swansea, Wales who was active from 1959 to 1966. He fought as a Welterweight, becoming British welterweight champion in 1960. He retired as undefeated champion and is the only welterweight to have won two Lonsdale Belts outright. The four defeats in his professional career were all to foreign boxers; he was never beaten by a British boxer.
Amateur career
Curvis was the fourth son of Dai Nancurvis, who had been a bantamweight fighter in the British Army, and had opened a gym in Swansea on leaving the forces. All of Curvis' brothers were fighters, most notably Cliff Curvis who became British and Commonwealth welterweight champion. He began his amateur career during his National Service and while representing the army Curvis won the A.B.A. welterweight title. In 1958, while still an amateur in the Armed Forces, he was selected to represent England in the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, which that year was held in Cardiff, Wales. Fighting under his birth name of Brian Nancurvis he was beaten in the semi-finals securing a bronze medal.
Professional career
He had his first professional fight on 2 June 1959 at the Empire Pool, Wembley, winning by technical knockout against Harry Haydock.
He won all of his first thirteen fights, and then fought the Australian, George Barnes for the Commonwealth welterweight title that he held. The fight was held at the Vetch Field, Swansea in May 1960, and Curvis won on points over fifteen rounds.
Three fights later in November 1960, he fought Wally Swift holder of the British welterweight title, at the same time defending his own Commonwealth title. The fight was in Nottingham, and Curvis continued his winning run by taking a fifteen-round points decision.
In May 1961, he had a re-match with Swift in Nottingham for the two titles, and again won on points.
In October 1961, he defended both titles against Mick Leahy at the old Empire Pool, winning by a knockout in the eighth round.
In February 1962, he defended his titles against Tony Mancini at the Royal Albert Hall, winning by a technical knockout in the fifth round.
In his next fight, his twenty-fourth, Curvis suffered his first defeat, losing to the American, Guy Sumlin by a technical knockout in the eighth round. However he gained revenge over Sumlin with a points victory two fights later.
In February 1963, he defended his titles against Tony Smith, at the Royal Albert Hall, scoring a technical knockout in the ninth round.
In July 1964, he defended his titles against Johnny Cook, at Porthcawl, and won by a technical knockout in the fifth round.
World title attempt
In September 1964, Curvis, who had only been beaten once, fought the WBA and WBC, world welterweight champion, American, Emile Griffith, for his title. The fight was held at the Empire Pool, Wembley. Although it went the full distance, Curvis was knocked down in the sixth, tenth and thirteenth rounds by body punches, and lost a unanimous points decision.
Remaining career
Curvis continued to fight, suffering a defeat against Willie Ludick in Johannesburg
In November 1965, he defended his British and Commonwealth titles for the sixth time, against the Scot, Sammy McSpadden in Cardiff, winning by a technical knockout in the twelfth round.
In April 1966, he challenged for the vacant European welterweight title, fighting the Frenchman, Jean Josselin in the Palais des Sports, Paris. He was forced to retire in the fourteenth round.
Curvis fought one more fight, defeating Des Rea in Carmarthen in September 1966, before retiring from the ring as undefeated British and Commonwealth welterweight champion. For his six successful title defences he won two Lonsdale Belts outright, the only welterweight to do so.
In 1960, he was named as BBC Wales Sports Personality of the Year.
See also
List of British welterweight boxing champions
References
Maurice Golesworthy, Encyclopaedia of Boxing (Eighth Edition) (1988), Robert Hale Limited,
1937 births
2012 deaths
Boxers from Swansea
Welsh male boxers
Welterweight boxers
Deaths from leukemia
Boxers at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Wheal Maid (also Wheal Maiden) is a former mine in the Camborne-Redruth-St Day Mining District, 1.5 km east of St Day.
Between 1800 and 1840, profits are said to have been up to £200,000. In 1852, the mine was amalgamated with Poldice Mine and Carharrack Mine and worked as St Day United mine. Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, the mine site was turned into large lagoons and used as a tip for two other nearby mines: Mount Wellington and Wheal Jane.
There were suggestions that the mine could be used as a landfill site for rubbish imported from New York and a power plant that would produce up to 40 megawatts of electricity; the concept was opposed by local residents and by Cornwall County Council, with Doris Ansari, the chair of the council's planning committee, saying that the idea "[did] not seem right for Cornwall".
The site was bought from Carnon Enterprises by Gwennap District Council for a price of £1 in 2002. An investigation by the Environment Agency that concluded in 2007 found that soil near the mine had high levels of arsenic, copper and zinc contamination and by 2012, it was deemed too hazardous for human activity.
The mine gains attention during dry spells when the lagoons dry up and leaving brightly coloured stains on the pit banks and bed.
2014 murder
In 2014, a 72-year-old man from Falmouth died at the site after what was initially thought to be a cycling accident. It was later found that the man had been murdered. A 34-year-old was found guilty and sentenced to life and to serve at least 28 years.
References
Mines in Cornwall
Pollution in the United Kingdom
Soil contamination
2014 murders in the United Kingdom
The Sisters are the sixth studio album by American R&B vocal group Sister Sledge, released in 1982 by Cotillion Records. The album is the group's first self-produced album. It contains a remake of the Mary Wells hit "My Guy". The Sisters peaked at No. 14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart as well as No. 69 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Track listing
"Super Bad Sisters" (Art Austin, Robert Allen, Debbie Sledge Young, Joni Sledge, Kathy Sledge Lightfoot, Kim Sledge) – 4:38
"My Guy" (William "Smokey" Robinson Jr.) – 3:46
"Lightfootin'" (Kathy Sledge Lightfoot, Phillip Lightfoot) – 3:59
"My Special Way" (Mark Moulin) – 5:03
"Grandma" (Art Austin, Robert Allen) – 3:50
"Get You in Our Love" (Michael Clark) – 3:53
"Il Mácquillage Lady" (Joni Sledge) – 3:57
"Everybody's Friend" (Kathy Sledge Lightfoot, Timothy J. Tobias) – 4:33
"All the Man I Need" (Dean Pitchford, Michael Gore) – 4:41
"Jacki's Theme: There's No Stopping Us" (Carol Conners, William Goldstein) – 4:07
Note: The song, "All the Man That I Need", would go on to be re-recorded (in a shortened, re-arranged version) by Whitney Houston, and would become an across-the-board smash hit in America, reaching the top spot on the Billboard Hot 100, the Adult Contemporary, the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and the Cash Box Hot 100. Houston's spin on the song nixes the guitar solo, opting instead for a screaming sax break by Kenny G.
Personnel
Kathy Sledge Lightfoot – lead vocals (2, 6), vocals (1–10)
Joni Sledge – lead vocals (4, 7), vocals (1–10)
Debbie Sledge Young – lead vocals (8), vocals (1–10)
Kim Sledge – vocals (1–10)
James Williams, Kenneth Williams – rap (1)
David Simmons – additional vocals (9)
Nick Mundy – rhythm guitar (1–9), lead guitar (2, 5, 7–9)
James "Herb" Smith – lead & rhythm guitar (10)
Steve Gold – keyboards, synthesizer (1, 5)
Jack Ebbert – keyboards (2, 4, 6, 9)
Timothy J. Tobias – keyboards (8)
Nathaniel Wilkie – keyboards (10)
Robert (Bob) Allen – bass (1, 3, 5)
Jimmy Williams – bass (2, 4, 6, 7, 8)
Howard (CJ) Clark – bass (9)
Jimmy "Funky" Williams – bass (10)
Darryl Birgee – drums (1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9)
Phillip Lightfoot – drums (3, 10), electronic drums (10)
Drew Henderson – percussion (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8)
Larry Washington – percussion (10)
Production
Arranged by Phillip Lightfoot (track 3), Sister Sledge (tracks 1–10)
Horns & strings arranged by Jack Faith (1, 5), Jack Ebbert (2, 6, 9), Roscoe Gill (4)
Recording engineers: Arthur Stoppe, Dirk Devlin, Jim Gallagher, Joe Tarcia, Peter Humpheys
Recording assistant engineers: Joe Bees, John Wisner, Michael Tarcia, Michael Spitz, Scott MacMin, Vince Warsavage
Mixing engineer @ Power Station (New York City): Scott Litt (2, 7, 8)
Mixing assistant engineer @ Power Station (New York City): Malcolm Pollack (2, 7, 8)
Mixing & remixing engineer @ Sigma Sound Studios (Philadelphia): Joe Tarcia (1–10)
Art direction by Bob Defrin
Photography by Harry Langdon
Covers and samples
"Il Macquillage Lady" was sampled by French electronic music band Daft Punk on their 2001 song "Aerodynamic", though the sample was uncredited.
In popular culture
CBS Sports used "Jacki's Theme: There's No Stopping Us" as the theme for its highlights of the 1982 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament following the championship game. In the final, North Carolina defeated Georgetown 63-62, with the Tar Heels scoring the winning points on a jumper by freshman Michael Jordan with 16 seconds remaining. The game featured several future National Basketball Association stars and Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame inductees, including Jordan, James Worthy and Sam Perkins of North Carolina, and Patrick Ewing of Georgetown, along with legendary coaches Dean Smith (North Carolina) and John Thompson (Georgetown). Five years later, CBS first used "One Shining Moment" for tournament highlights, a tradition which continues to this day. The 1982 NCAA tournament was CBS' first after NBC Sports held the broadcast rights from 1969-81.
References
External links
Sister Sledge - The Sisters (1982) album releases & credits at Discogs
Sister Sledge - The Sisters (1982) album to be listened as stream on Spotify
1982 albums
Cotillion Records albums
Sister Sledge albums
Emballonuroidea is a superfamily of bats containing two families: Emballonuridae and Nycteridae. It is one of three superfamilies in the suborder Yangochiroptera, the others being Noctilionoidea and Vespertilionoidea. Emballonurids are also known as sheath-tailed bats and sac-winged bats: the latter name refers to the glandular sac found on the edge of the wings in many species, used to produce a scent which represents territorial dominance and social presence.
The Emballonuridae family contains 13 genera and 47 species, present in subtropical and tropical areas of the world. They take shelter in caves, trees, and hollow logs.
References
Bat taxonomy
Mammal superfamilies
Matias Montinho (born 15 July 1990) is an Angolan sailor. At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's 470 with Paixão Afonso. They finished in 26th place. He has qualified to represent Angola at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the men's 470 with Paixão Afonso again.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Olympic sailors of Angola
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – 470
African Games bronze medalists for Angola
African Games medalists in sailing
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Angolan male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2020 Summer Olympics – 470
Trichophyton interdigitale is a clonal line within sexual species T. mentagrophytes. It causes onychomycosis and tinea pedis in humans, and has never been isolated from animals. Trichophyton interdigitale isolates cannot be reliably discriminated from T.mentagrophytes by cultural techniques or MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry, and therefore ITS region DNA sequencing is recommended.
Critics
Trichophyton interdigitale is defined by its capability of transmission between human hosts and clonal way of reproduction. However, there is at least one another anthropophilic clonal line within T. mentagrophytes, phylogenetically unrelated to T. interdigitale.
References
Arthrodermataceae
Fungi described in 1917
The chapada flycatcher (Guyramemua affine) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is placed in its own genus, Guyramemua.
Taxonomy
The chapada flycatcher, scientifically known as the Guyramemua Affinis, is a part of the Animalia kingdom, falling under the Chordata phylum as a part of the Aves class. The chapada flycatcher is in the Passeriformes order, which is included in the Tyrannidae family. The chapada flycatcher further falls in the genus Guyramemua. This species was formerly placed in the genus Suiriri. It was moved to its own newly erected genus, Guyramemua, based on a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2017. Another common name for the chapada flycatcher is the chapada suiriri.
Description
The chapada flycatcher is a medium sized bird with a greyish head, olive green back, and a yellow belly. They have white wings, with a darker tail, and their legs are a medium greyish color. Their tail is short and broad, but proportional to their bodies. They eat mainly insects and fruit from the upper branches of the trees, but only fruit when it can find some.
Male and female chapada flycatchers sound different from one another. The male chirps a loud series of two couplets. When made to sound like the English language it sounds something like "where where, whooz it". The female has more of a loud bubbly rattle, with a variable length. This sounds more like "whur". They usually will chirp this one or two notes at a time.
These species are known to be neotropical songbirds with specific characteristics when it comes to behavior, their habitat, and ecological traits. Because they have very specific characteristics, it is often hard for them to adapt to the world around them. These characteristics are increasing their likelihood of extinction.
This species is not often found on the ground or in shrubs. They prey from up in the trees, where they sit in the branches and observe, and search for food. Therefore, they are most commonly found in trees sitting on branches.
Distribution and habitat
The chapada flycatcher is a South American terrestrial species and native resident of south-western Brazil and eastern Bolivia. It is found in the cerrado of south-central Brazil and adjacent far eastern Bolivia. Other places it typically resides are Campo Cerrado and Campo Sujo. More specifically, they are seen in Maranhão, Tocantins, Mato Grosso, Goiás, Mato Grosso do Sul, and in the adjacent parts of eastern Bolivia. Chapada flycatchers are found in closed shrubby areas that have lots of grass dispersed with tall trees. The chapada flycatcher is accustomed to the dry savanna habitat and shrublands. To be more exact, the chapada flycatcher is most accustomed to cerrado areas with upper elevation limits of 750 meters and lower elevation limits of 250 meters. Typically, a generation of chapada flycatchers lasts 3.6 years. They have no recorded movement patterns as they do not participate in migration.
Status and conservation
The first time the chapada flycatcher was included on the IUCN Red List was 2004; at that time, it was considered a species of the least concern. By 2009, however, its status had been uplisted to near threatened, as annual surveys in part of its core range showed dramatic declines of more than 30% over an 11-year period. The reasons for the decline are not well understood, but there are some known threats to chapada flycatchers. When it comes to residential and commercial development, housing and urban areas pose threats due to their natural habitat being torn down to build these structures. Agriculturally, annual and perennial non-timber crops create threats for the chapada flycatchers. This includes wood and pulp plantations as well. Livestock farming and ranching also pose a threat to chapada flycatchers as it disrupts their normal habitat and the resources that are found in this habitat. Lastly, fires and fire suppression cause threats towards the chapada flycatcher. Even with a combination of its decreasing population and lengthy threats, there is no action recovery plan nor systematic monitoring scheme in place for the chapada flycatcher.
References
Chapada Flycatcher. Arthurgrosset.com. Accessed 2009-02-02.
Further reading
External links
Chapada Flycatcher videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds described in 2001
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Sir Francis Fane, KB, (died 1691) of Fulbeck, in Lincolnshire, was a writer of stage plays and poems and a courtier in the Restoration court of Charles II of England.
Biography
Fane was the eldest son of Sir Francis Fane (c. 1611–1680). Fane the younger was created a Knight of the Bath in 1661 at the coronation of Charles II. Fane and some partners were financiers for a project to drain Eight Hundred Fen, near Boston, Lincolnshire. He ran up substantial debts which he hoped to reduce by the sale of Firbeck Manor in Yorkshire. He petitioned Parliament to pass an act allowing him to do so as it had been settled on his wife and their sons. By his father's will dated 7 June 1679 he inherited the sum of £1800, the majority of his late father's estate.
During the later part of his life Sir Francis resided on his estate at Henbury, Gloucestershire, where he died on 8 April 1691. In his will, dated 14 November 1689, and proved 15 September 1691, he requests his wife (Hannah), whom he appoints sole executrix, "to pay ffourty pounds to the poore of the parish of Olveston, in the county of Gloucester, being in full and more of the ffines at any time leavied by me on the Quakers without a full deduccon of charges in leavying them, the Informers parte not defraying the Charges".
Works
He was the author of:
Love in the Dark; or the Man of Business, A Comedy (in five acts, in prose and verse), performed in the Theatre Royal, 4to, London, 1675 Genest, Hist. of the Stage, i. 173-4. In dedicating the play to the Earl of Rochester, Fane observes : "I never return from your lordship's most charming and instructive conversation, but I am inspir'd with a new genius and improv'd in all those sciences I ever coveted the knowledge of: I find my self not only a better poet, a better philosopher, but, much more than these, a better Christian, so that, I hope, I shall be obli'd to your lordship, not only for my reputation in this world, but my future happiness in the next".
A Masque, written at Rochester's request for his alteration of Beaumont and Fletcher's 'Valentinian,' and printed in Tate's Poems by several Hands, 8vo, London, 1685 (p. 17).
The Sacrifice. A Tragedy (in five acts, and in verse), 4to, London, 1686; 3rd edition, 1687. It was never acted; the author, as he informs the Earl of Dorset in the dedication, "having long since devoted himself to a country life, and wanting patience to attend the leisure of the stage".
In the opinion of Gordon Goodwin who wrote Fane's entry in the original Dictionary of National Biography Fane's plays are not wholly destitute of merit.
Family
Francis Fane was the eldest son of Sir Francis Fane, K.B., F.R.S., of Fulbeck, Lincolnshire, and Aston, Yorkshire, who was the third, but second surviving, son of Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland and Elisabeth, widow of John, lord Darcy, (the eldest daughter of William West of Firbeck, Yorkshire and his wife Catherine Darcy dau of Sir Edward Darcy of Dertford). Sir Francis Fane the elder died in 1681, and was buried in the chancel of Aston Church, together with his wife, who had died before him.
Frances Fane married Hannah, daughter of John Rushworth of the county of Essex. They had several children:
Henry died as an infant;
George (recorded as 3 months old in April 1666)
Francis survived his father. Known as Francis Fane of Fulbeck he married a daughter of Henry Heron of Cressey Hall in county Lincoln and had one son Francis (died 19 October 1758), who married twice; first a daughter of Edward Paine, and then Jane a daughter of Sir Richard Cust. There were no children by either marriage and after his death Jane married James Evelin.
Henry (2nd son of that name), survived his father, (died 17 December 1726) and was buried at Westbury-on-Trym. He married Anne sister and coheir of John Scrope of Wormsley, they had three sons who survived him: Francis, Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland and Henry; and a daughter Mary (died October 1773). She married twice, first to John Henley of Bristol and second to Dr. Samuel Creswick, dean of Wells. Through Thomas Fane, 8th Earl of Westmorland, Fane is an ancestor of the author George Orwell.
Edward survived his father (died 6 February 1736). He was a prebendary of Lincoln cathedral. He had a son Edward (died March 1760) who was rector of Fulbeck.
Six daughters
John Fane, 7th Earl of Westmorland, died without issue, in 1762, when the barony of Le Despencer, being a barony in fee, devolved upon his nephew Sir Francis Dashwood, bart.; but the earldom of Westmorland went to the male heir, Thomas Fane, of Bristol, merchant, son of Henry Fane, (d. 1726,) attorney at law, grandson of Sir Francis Fane, K.B. (the subject of this article) and great grandson of Sir Francis Fane, of Fulbeck, co. Lincoln, K.B. the third son of Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland.
See also
Bed trick used in Love in the Dark
Notes
References
Attribution
Collins's Peerage (Brydges), iii, 300, 301, 302;
Baker's Biog. Dram. (Reed and Jones), i, 223-4, ii 38809, iii, 28, 236.
British dramatists and playwrights
Francis
Knights of the Bath
1691 deaths
Year of birth unknown
17th-century English dramatists and playwrights
17th-century English male writers
British male dramatists and playwrights
People from South Kesteven District
People from Gloucestershire (before 1904)
Eyshabad (, also Romanized as ‘Eyshābād; also known as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 158, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Solange Knopf (born 1957, Brussels, Belgium) is an artist who often works with pages of books and Baudelaire's poetry. Knopf's work has been featured at a collection of institutions, including the Menil Collection in Houston, the Galerie Dettinger-Mayer in Lyon and the Cavin-Morris Gallery in New York City.
Knopf began studying at the Art School of Ixelles in 1998, only to quit due to their rigidity. Instead she continued on her own path and continued to make art without instruction, allowing her drawings to flow out of her. Randall Morris describes her work, "She has used her own soul to travel to these places and then shapes them into storytelling for our benefit. She does not hide the frightening and painful parts but she blends them into the story naturally. They are both new and familiar and when they are new she weaves (through drawing) an amuletic web around them, and when they are familiar she owns them in such a way that we see them in ways we have never seen them before."
Exhibitions
Solo Exhibitions
Spirit Codex: Drawings by Solange Knopf, May 1 - June 5, 2014, Cavin-Morris Gallery, New York, NY
Group Exhibitions
As Essential as Dreams: Self-Taught Art from the Collection of Stephanie and John Smither, Jun 10 – Oct 16, 2016, The Menil Collection, Houston, TX
References
1957 births
Living people
20th-century Belgian painters
20th-century Belgian women artists
21st-century Belgian painters
21st-century Belgian women artists
Artists from Brussels
Ram Nihor Rai also spelt as Ram Nihore is an Indian politician belonging to the Janata Dal. He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Robertsganj in Uttar Pradesh in 1991.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
India MPs 1991–1996
Lok Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
1934 births
Living people
People from Sonbhadra district
Novy Tumutuk () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kushtiryakovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 190 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Novy Tumutuk is located 44 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kushtiryakovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Virginia's 12th House of Delegates district elects one of the hundred Delegates of the Virginia House of Delegates, United States. Located in southwestern Virginia, 12th district represents the city of Radford, Giles County, and portions of Montgomery County and Pulaski County. The seat is currently held by Republican Jason Ballard, first elected during the 2021 election.
Electoral history
2017
Hurst was elected in 2017 as part of a wave of new Democrats in the House of Delegates. He earned 54.3% of the vote, defeating three-term Republican incumbent Joseph R. Yost.
District officeholders
References
012
Radford, Virginia
Giles County, Virginia
Montgomery County, Virginia
Pulaski County, Virginia
Death of a Prophet is a 1981 television film, written and directed by Woodie King Jr., and starring Morgan Freeman as Malcolm X.
Cast
Morgan Freeman as Malcolm X
Yolanda King as Betty Shabazz
Ossie Davis as himself
Yuri Kochiyama as herself
Amiri Baraka as himself
Reception
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette said that the film "will stimulate discussion, but it won't shed any light on the [assassination] itself... To say Death of a Prophet takes liberties with the facts is an understatement, but the degree to which it does can be a bit irritating at times... Still, the film manages to capture an essential truth — Malcolm X was perceived in some circles and our government as a dangerous man because of his eloquence, self-discipline and unswerving dedication to black liberation."
Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide called the film a "low-budget but involving drama (with some documentary scenes) about the last day in the life of a black American leader. He's clearly supposed to be Malcolm X, though that name is not mentioned. Freeman is excellent, and the film's documentary style is effective."
References
External links
1981 drama films
1981 films
Films about Malcolm X
Films set in the 1960s
American drama television films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Geoffrey Thomas Leslie Ashe (29 March 1923 – 30 January 2022) was a British cultural historian and lecturer, known for his focus on King Arthur.
Early life
Born in London, Ashe was an only child who excelled all his classmates in academics. Periods of poor health meant that he had ample opportunity to read broadly, or be read to. Through his parents, he developed a life-long enjoyment of Gilbert & Sullivan's operas and Conan Doyles' Sherlock Holmes canon. His mother read some of Conan Doyle's stories to him from the Strand when they were first published; his father took him to see Gilbert & Sullivan performances by some of the cast who had worked with Gilbert himself.
Ashe's father was general manager of Poly Tours, later Lunn-Poly, and travelled to Europe and the British Isles frequently with his parents to the hotels used by the agency, sometimes to correct problems, sometimes to establish business contacts. His favourite childhood memories were of summers spent in the West Highlands of Scotland, at the Highland Hotel in Fort William.
When he was 16, his parents emigrated to Vancouver, British Columbia. He graduated from the University of British Columbia before continuing at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Work
Many of his historical books are centred on factual analysis of the Arthurian legend, and the archaeological past of King Arthur, beginning with his King Arthur's Avalon: The Story of Glastonbury, in 1957. The book was inspired by what Ashe had read in G. K. Chesterton's Short History of England.
He is a major proponent of the theory that the historical King Arthur was Riothamus, presented in an article in Speculum, April 1981, and expanded in The Discovery of King Arthur (1985) and in various further articles. His fresh idea was to scrutinise Arthur's foreign campaigns in Geoffrey of Monmouth's account and take the material seriously, concluding that, though the legendary Arthur is a composite figure, the career of Riothamus seems to underlie at least a major portion of Geoffrey's account, for which Ashe adduces passages in a Breton text and several chronicles.
Ashe, co-founder (with C. A. Ralegh Radford) and Secretary of the Camelot Research Committee has also helped demonstrate, through a dig directed by Leslie Alcock in 1966–70, that Cadbury Castle, identified as Camelot by the 16th-century antiquary John Leland, was actually refortified in the latter part of the fifth century, in works as yet unparalleled elsewhere in Britain at the time. Ashe's point is that when Leland picked out this hill as Camelot, he picked what seems to be the most plausible candidate; yet even an archaeologist could not have guessed that the fifth-century fortification was embedded in the earthworks, just by looking without digging.
"I would say there must have been a tradition about the hill and its powerful overlord, handed down from the Dark Ages", Ashe has said, and added "In the film of the musical Camelot, you have a brief glimpse of a map of Britain, and Camelot is in Somerset. It's there because I told Warner Brothers to put it there. That is my one contribution to Hollywood."
Honours
Anya Seton put his name forward in 1963 as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature after publication of Land to the West: St Brendan's Voyage to America. Declining a nomination for honours for most of his career, nevertheless he was delighted to accept an MBE (Member of the Order of the British Empire) from the Queen in the 2012 New Year Honours for Services to Heritage. In 2015, Ashe was unanimously named an Honorary Freeman of Glastonbury by the Glastonbury Town Council "in recognition of his eminent services to the place as an author and cultural historian." He commented that his honour was most important to him because it symbolised the respect of his own community. Of deep professional and personal gratification to him was the title Eminent Arthurian, bestowed by The International Arthurian Society in the year of his 90th birthday, 2013.
Personal life
He died in Glastonbury on 30 January 2022, at the age of 98.
Publications
References
External links
1923 births
2022 deaths
English male non-fiction writers
Academics from London
Arthurian scholars
English historians
People from Glastonbury
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Historians of the British Isles
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
University of British Columbia alumni
Members of the Order of the British Empire
British expatriates in Canada
The Spire of Hope is an outdoor sculpture located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The 40-metre spire is built into the roof of St Anne's Cathedral in the city's Cathedral Quarter.
In April 2007 the steel spire was installed on top of the cathedral. The structure is illuminated at night and is part of a wider redevelopment planned for the Cathedral Quarter. The base section of the spire protrudes through a glass platform in the cathedral's roof directly above the choir stalls, allowing visitors to view it from the nave.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Northern Ireland
Steel sculptures in Northern Ireland
2007 sculptures
Johann Heinrich Schrörs (26 November 1852 in Krefeld – 11 June 1928 in Bonn) was a German Catholic church historian.
Biography
He studied theology in Bonn, Würzburg and Innsbruck, where he was a student of Josef Jungmann (1830–1885). In 1877 he was ordained as priest in Innsbruck, and in 1885 became a professor of canon law at Freiburg im Breisgau. During the following year, with encouragement from Friedrich Althoff (1839–1908), he attained the chair of church history at the University of Bonn. At Bonn he served as university dean on five occasions (1891/92, 1900/01, 1902/03, 1906/07, 1914/15).
In 1887 he founded one of the first church history seminars in Germany, also building a well-equipped Seminarbibliothek (seminary library that was destroyed during World War II). Schrörs was devoted to higher education policy issues, especially in regards to his insistence on the principle of scientific education for theologians. His views on education led to years of open conflict with the Archdiocese of Cologne.
Written works
Hinkmar, Erzbischof von Reims, two editions (1884) -- Hincmar, archbishop of Reims.
Kirche und Wissenschaft. Zustände an einer katholisch-theologischen Fakultät. Eine Denkschrift, Bonn (1907) -- Religion and science. Conditions at a Catholic theological faculty.
Konstantins des Grossen Kreuzerscheinung (1913),-- Constantine the Great's cross appearance.
Die kölner Erzbischofswahl nach Geissels Tode (1864–1865); (1914) -- book on the Archbishop of Cologne, Johannes von Geissel.
Deutscher und französischer Katholizismus in den letzten Jahrzehnten (1917) -- German and French Catholicism in recent decades.
Der Krieg und der Katholizismus, Kempten (1915) -- The war and Catholicism.
Das christliche Gewissen im Weltkriege, Freiburg (1916) -- The Christian conscience in World War I.
Die Kölner Wirren (1837). Studien zu ihrer Geschichte, Berlin and Bonn (1927) -- The turmoil of Cologne (1837). Studies on its history.
Bibliography
Gregor Klapczynski, Katholischer Historismus? Zum historischen Denken in der deutschsprachigen Kirchengeschichte um 1900. Heinrich Schrörs - Albert Ehrhard - Joseph Schnitzer (Münchener kirchenhistorische Studien. Neue Folge 2), Stuttgart: Kohlhammer, 2013, .
References
Deutsche Biographie (biography)
Historians of Christianity
19th-century German Catholic theologians
20th-century German Catholic theologians
University of Freiburg faculty
University of Bonn faculty
People from Krefeld
19th-century German male writers
1852 births
1928 deaths
German historians of religion
German male non-fiction writers
Ex vivo (Latin: "out of the living") literally means that which takes place outside an organism. In science, ex vivo refers to experimentation or measurements done in or on tissue from an organism in an external environment with minimal alteration of natural conditions. Testing the effect of compounds on skin biopsies is an example of ex vivo research, while isolating the primary cells from that biopsy and creating a 3D cell culture model is an example of in vitro research. Both use human tissues, but the former is a more complex and translational environment for drug testing.
A primary advantage of using ex vivo tissues is the ability to perform tests or measurements that would otherwise not be possible or ethical in living subjects. Tissues may be experimented on in many ways, including in part (e.g. cardiac contractility models using atrial pectinate muscles) or as whole organs (e.g. isolated perfused heart model).
Examples of ex vivo models include:
Cardiovascular safety models using cardiac tissues or blood vessels
Inflammatory studies using skin biopsies(see figure 2)
Isolated perfused heart models
ADME/DMPK studies using the Ussing Chamber system
Application of ex vivo models in drug discovery
In drug discovery, ex vivo procedures use living tissues taken from an organism and cultured in a laboratory apparatus under sterile conditions. There are several specialized platform technologies designed for ex vivo pharmacological research, including Ussing chambers, organ baths and wire myographs. Experiments begin as soon as possible after tissue procurement to maintain the physiological function and viability of the samples.
Differences between ex vivo VS in vitro models
There are distinct differences between ex vivo and in vitro models that make them more suitable for certain applications and drug development stages than others. In general, in vitro models are used at an earlier stage in development as they are higher throughput than ex vivo models. Examples of drug discovery phases where in vitro models are commonly used include target identification, validation, and lead validation.
Conversely, ex vivo models are used when a test article is closer to clinical trials to validate preclinical data in a functioning human system e.g. lead optimization and pre-clinical safety. Ex vivo models can also be used after a drug reaches clinical trial to investigate issues that were not identified using in vivo or in vitro studies. The main features of each approach and how they differ is summarized in the table below (table 1).
Table 1: Exploring the differences between ex vivo and in vitro models for drug development.
See also
Animal testing
In situ
In utero
In vitro
In vivo
In silico
References
Latin biological phrases
Latin words and phrases
Animal test conditions
The Tazzari Zero is a battery electric microcar concept car built by the Tazzari Group, in Imola, Italy, and unveiled in the 2009 Bologna Motor Show. The Tazzari Zero uses a lithium-ion battery pack that delivers an all-electric range of .
Specifications
The Tazzari Zero has rear-wheel drive and the motor is situated above the rear axles. The car's Lithium iron phosphate battery pack charge time is nine hours (standard charge) and the motor can accelerate the car to top speed of . Its range is in Eco mode (Green) and the motor has maximum peak torque of . It is also possible to charge batteries to 80% in 50 minutes using three-phase power supply (380V Superfast charger).
The aluminum-bodied car weighs only with batteries. The car has normal options like: central locking, electric windows and mirrors, CD/MP3-player and 15-inch alloy wheels.
Price
Base price was planned in 2009 to start at plus VAT in the European market. In the UK it was to be priced at . In the US, where it is considered a neighborhood electric vehicle, the Tazzari Zero was projected to be sold for and due to its battery size it will be eligible for a federal tax credit.
Gallery
Safety
The Zero in its standard European configuration received 1 star in the Euro NCAP Quadricycle Ratings in 2014.
See also
Electric car use by country
Government incentives for plug-in electric vehicles
List of modern production plug-in electric vehicles
List of production battery electric vehicles
Plug-in electric vehicle
Renault Zoe
References
External links
Tazzari zero, at ENISOLA Barcelona
Tazzari Zero Tech sheet, at Don't worry be creative
Electric concept cars
Production electric cars
Microcars
Quadricycles
Electric city cars
Euro NCAP 2 seat heavy quadricycle
Cars of Italy
2010s cars
Cars introduced in 2009
Elizabeth Spencer is the name of:
Elizabeth Spencer (writer) (1921–2019), American novelist
Elizabeth Spencer (soprano) (1871–1935), American soprano, recording artist for Thomas Alva Edison
Lady Elizabeth Spencer (1737–1831), wife of Henry Herbert, 10th Earl of Pembroke
Elizabeth Spencer, Baroness Hunsdon (1552–1618), English noblewoman, scholar, and patron of the arts
Characters
Elizabeth Webber, fictional character on the American soap opera General Hospital -- at one time married to Lucky Spencer
Betty Spencer, fictional character in Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em
Ernest Goward (10 August 1896 – 17 September 1961) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bengal. He was born in Barrackpore (now Barakpur) and died in Virginia Water.
Goward made a single first-class appearance for the team, having made an appearance for a British in Bengal team against Marylebone Cricket Club nine seasons previously.
Goward's first-class appearance came in the 1935-36 Ranji Trophy, against Madras, against whom he scored a duck in the first innings and 16 runs in the second.
External links
Ernest Goward at Cricket Archive
1896 births
1961 deaths
Indian cricketers
Bengal cricketers
John Gosselyn (fl. 1384–1386) was a Member of Parliament for Weymouth, Dorset, England in November 1384 and 1386.
References
14th-century births
Year of death missing
14th-century English people
People from Weymouth, Dorset
Year of birth missing
English MPs November 1384
English MPs 1386
Langweil's Model of Prague is a realistic paper model of Prague dating from 1826–1837 and named after its creator Antonín Langweil. Due to Langweil's early death, the model remained unfinished. It covers an area of 20 m2 and shows more than 2,000 buildings in the historic heart of Prague in fine detail; approximately half of them do not exist anymore, largely due to an extensive urban sanitation project that included a planned demolition of large portions of the city's Old, New and Jewish towns between 1896 and 1943. The Langweil Model is thus the only existing depiction of the entire Prague Ghetto in its pre-1890s appearance. It is also a worldwide unique authentic witness of the appearance of a city in the first half of the 19th century.
Description
The model represents the Old Town of Prague (including its Jewish Ghetto), the Lesser Town of Prague without Petřín Hill, Prague Castle, and most of Hradčany (without its western part and Strahov Monastery).
The scale of the model is 1:480. It covers an area of 20 m2 and shows about 2,500 buildings, more than 9,000 chimneys, and about 5,400 trees and bushes.
Langweil's Model was not created in order to document Prague's appearance but was rather intended as an original work of art – a three-dimensional picture of the city or a relief veduta. The realistic depiction of many details with which the town marks time and the lives of its inhabitants are also in keeping with this. The facades of buildings do not only show structural and decorative details, such as house signs, frescoes and sundials, but also all sorts of features caught in that moment, such as flaking walls, broken windows and climbing plants. In various courtyards and secluded spots we find stores of barrels, a scene from a pig-slaughter or a ladder leaning against a wall. There are no people in the model except for two soldiers standing on guard, as if their unchanging position is part of the street's appearance.
History
In 1826 Antonín Langweil began to portray the city of Prague in a small model. As a ground plan he used Jüttner's topographical map of Prague, which was published in printed form at the time. During the eleven years of work on the model, Langweil exhibited it five times to the public in unfinished form. In 1833, Langweil was even invited to exhibit the model at an industrial exhibition held in Prague Castle to mark the visit of Emperor and King Francis I to Prague. After the exhibition ended Langweil plucked up the courage to write a letter to the monarch asking for financial support in order to complete work on the model but the request was turned down. Langweil died in June 1837 at the age of 46 and left the model unfinished.
Following her husband's death, in 1840 Langweil's widow offered the model to Emperor and King Ferdinand to buy. The Emperor bought the model for a symbolic price and generously donated it to the Patriotic (now the National) Museum in Prague. The model was then put on display for the first time since Langweil's death in 1862 in Prague's Old Town Hall. In the years that followed, the model was exhibited by the museum only occasionally. It was exhibited for a longer period during the Prague Jubilee Exhibition and later it became part of the National Museum Lapidary exhibition.
After World War II the model was taken into the care of Prague City Museum, where it has since been exhibited. In 1970 the model was put on permanent display in the museum in its own specially built glass case. In 1999 the original glass case was replaced with a new dustproof display case which also provides the model with its own protective microclimate. In 2006 the Prague City Hall together with the City of Prague Museum announced a public tender, on the basis of which the company Visual Connection, a.s. carried out the digitisation of the model.
References
Buildings and structures in Prague
History of Prague
Scale modeling
New Town, Prague
Old Town (Prague)
Chinú is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia. It has an area of 624 km².
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Chinú
Cordoba
Boda is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Stylonuroides is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid. The genus is classified as a stylonurine but more precise classification has proven difficult, with the genus remaining classified as incertae sedis within the suborder. The genus contains two species, S. dolichopteroides from the Silurian of Ringerike, Norway and S. orientalis from the Devonian of Lake Shunet, Southern Siberia.
Description
The compound eyes of Stylonuroides are comparatively large, though their exact shape is unclear due to poor preservation. The posterior margin of the eyes lie in the middle of the prosoma. Stylonuroides orientalis is smaller in size than S. dolichopteroides, with a prosoma measuring about 12 mm. S. orientalis differs from S. dolichopteroides in a number of features, including that it preserves processes on the genal angles, a slightly convex posterior margin of the prosoma and slightly more widely set compound eyes.
S. orientalis is based on a single specimen, PIN 1220/1 (consisting of parts of a prosoma and five anterior segments of the opisthosoma), which can be placed in the genus based on a combination of features, including its strongly elongated parabolic prosoma, large compound eyes and the broad marginal rim of the prosoma.
Species
Stylonuroides contains two valid species, with other named species now seen as invalid.
Stylonuroides orientalis Shpinev, 2012 - Siberia, Russia (Devonian)
Stylonuroides dolichopteroides Størmer, 1934 - Ringerike, Norway (Silurian)
Invalid or reassigned species are listed below:
Stylonuroides limbatus Clarke & Rudemann, 1912 - New York, United States (Ordovician), a pseudofossil.
References
Stylonurina
Silurian eurypterids
Fossils of Norway
Eurypterids of Europe
Devonian eurypterids
Eurypterids of Asia
Epichloë gansuensis is a haploid species in the fungal genus Epichloë. The sexual phase has not been observed.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 2004, Epichloë gansuensis is a sister lineage to Epichloë sibirica and an early branching lineage on the Epichloë tree.
Epichloë gansuensis is found in Asia, where it has been identified in the grass species Achnatherum inebrians, Achnatherum sibiricum and Achnatherum pekinense.
Varieties
Epichloë gansuensis has one variety.
Epichloë gansuensis subsp. inebrians (C.D. Moon & Schardl) Schardl was first described in 2007. It is found in Asia in the grass species Achnatherum inebrians.
References
gansuensis
Fungi described in 2004
Fungi of Asia
Sir Oliver Beauchamp Coventry St John (21 March 1837 – 3 June 1891) was an administrator in British India, who took a close interest in the zoology of the region. He served as the chief commissioner of Baluchistan for ten years and was involved in the establishment of a telegraph network to India.
Early life
Oliver St John was born on 21 March 1837 in Ryde, Isle of Wight. His father was Captain Oliver St John of the Madras Army and his mother was Helen Young (widow of Henry Anson Nutt). He studied at the East India Company's Military College at Addiscombe (1855–57), and joined the Bengal Engineers on 12 December 1856.
Career
After serving in the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh in the public works department, St John volunteered for work in Persia under Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick Stewart of the Royal Engineers. This mission was mainly to establish a telegraph line between Persia and India including a cable in the Persian Gulf and a land cable line for telegraphic link to Bosporus. Stewart and his brother Champain had already worked on a survey in Turkey. St John worked on the expedition under Captain Murdoch Smith, RE.
He later took charge of the line from Teheran to Bashahr (March 1866), and during this time a second telegraph line was added. He went home in May 1867 and he was then sent to Abyssinia to organize telegraph lines for the war. This line was 200 miles from the coast and the work led to his promotion. Towards the end of 1868 he returned to Persia and he remained here till 1871 with a break in September 1869 when he married Janette, daughter of James Ormond, of Abingdon, Berkshire. In October 1871, St John was sent to Baluchistan for the survey of the Perso-Kelat frontier. He returned to England in October 1872 and worked on preparing maps at the India Office. These maps were based on longitudes of the Persian telegraph stations fixed in co-operation with General James Walker of the Indian Trigonometric Survey, Captain William Pierson, RE, and Lt Stiffe, IN.
St John published his notes in the Narrative of a Journey through Baluchistan and Southern Persia (1876). He returned to India in 1875 and became principal of the Mayo College in Ajmer. After August 1878 he became part of the staff of Sir Neville Chamberlain's mission to Kabul. He then became chief political officer to the Kandahar Field Force, becoming later Resident in Kandahar. An attempt was made on his life during a trip in southern Afghanistan on 10 January 1879. He was also posted on special duty in Kashmir (January 1883), acting resident in Hyderabad (April–July 1884), resident in Kashmir (August 1884), agent to the governor-general at Baroda (December 1887), resident at Mysore and chief commissioner in Coorg (January 1889). He was later recalled from southern India to Baluchistan. He died in Quetta of pneumonia after an attack of influenza and was buried at Quetta.
Natural history
During all his time in Abyssinia, Persia and Baluchistan St John took a keen interest in natural history and hunting. His personal notes from the Persian border commission expedition of 1871 are included in the zoology report of the expedition prepared by William Thomas Blanford. Blanford's own account includes notes on St John's experiences with lions in Persia, while another account is provided of him chasing a tiger that threatened a colleague. St John also corresponded with ornithologists in the region, including Allan Octavian Hume.
He was a member of the Royal Geological Society and the Zoological Society of London and sent many animals back for the collections, including a live bactrian camel. A species of woodpecker (Picus sanctijohannis, now considered a subspecies of Dendrocoptes medius) and a species of snake (Fowlea sanctijohannis) are both named after him.
Death
St John died on 3 June 1891 in Quetta of pneumonia after an attack of influenza during a recurrence of the 1889–90 pandemic.
References
Administrators in British India
1837 births
1891 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the Star of India
People from Ryde
Alumni of Addiscombe Military Seminary
Bengal Engineers officers
Oliver
Deaths from the 1889–1890 flu pandemic
People educated at Norwich School
Daniel John Fortmann (April 11, 1916 – May 23, 1995) was an American professional football player who was a guard and linebacker for the Chicago Bears in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Colgate University. Playing for Chicago from 1936 to 1943, he was selected as an All-Pro for seven consecutive years from 1937 to 1943. He was the Bears' team captain starting in 1940 and led the team to NFL championships in 1940, 1941, and 1943.
Fortmann was the line coach for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team in 1944 and in 1945 served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II. He engaged in a medical practice in Southern California from 1946 to 1984 and was the team physician for the Los Angeles Rams from 1947 to 1963. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1965. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1983.
Early years
Fortmann was born in 1916 in Pearl River, New York. His father, Bernhard Gerhart Fortmann, was a New York native and salesman of butter and eggs. His mother, Emma Margaret Doscher, was also a New York native.
Fortmann attended Pearl River High School, where he earned 12 varsity letters in sports and was the valedictorian of his class.
Colgate
At age 16, Fortmann enrolled at Colgate University, where he played football, playing as a halfback as a freshman before moving to guard and becoming a starter in 1934 and 1935. Colgate football coach Andrew Kerr called Fortmann "the best player I ever handled." After the 1935 season, he was selected to play in multiple all-star games, including the East–West Shrine Game (January 1, 1937) and the Chicago College All-Star Game (September 1, 1937). Dick Hanley, who coached Fortmann in the Shrine Game, praised Fortmann as a great blocker and urged Chicago Bears owner George Halas to sign Fortmann.
In addition to playing football, Fortmann was also an outstanding student at Colgate. He received straight A's as a pre-med student and graduated with Phi Beta Kappa honors at age 19. He was also president of his senior class and a member of the Delta Upsilon (DU) fraternity.
Professional football
At age 19, Fortmann was selected by the Chicago Bears in the ninth and final round (78th overall pick) of the 1936 NFL Draft. After being drafted by the Bears, Fortmann was unsure whether he should attend medical school or play professional football. Bears owner George Halas persuaded Fortmann that he could do both and advanced funds to Fortmann for medical school. After speaking with Halas, Fortmann signed with the Bears in May 1936. At the time, he was the youngest person ever signed by an NFL team.
Due to his medical school obligations, Fortmann missed most of the Bears' sessions in his first four years with the team. In 1941, during his medical internship, he described pro football as "just the means to an end", the end being practicing medicine as a surgeon. Yet, Fortmann became fiercely loyal to Halas, saying: "Halas is the salt of the earth. There is nobody I admire and respect more than him."
Fortmann remained with the Bears for his entire professional football career, lasting for eight years from 1936 to 1943. He appeared in 86 games for the Bears. By 1939, Fortmann had established himself as one of the best most valuable players in the NFL. In voting by NFL coaches for the 1939 All-Pro Team, Fortmann received 37 points, the second-highest individual vote of any player.
Fortmann was team captain of the Bears starting in 1940. As team captain, he led the Bears to back-to-back NFL championships in 1940 and 1941 with records of 8–3 and 10–1. After the 1940 season, Fortmann was rated as the best lineman in the NFL. The United Press called him "the heart and soul" of the Bears' ground attack that "rolled up a vast amount of yardage overland."
In the 1940 NFL Championship Game, the Bears defeated the Washington Redskins by a 73-0 score. Fortman later cited the 1940 championship game as proof of Halas' skill as a "master of psychology." The Bears had lost to the Redskins three weeks earlier, and Fortmann recalled that Halas kept reminding the Bears of that defeat every day, and when the team took the field for the championship game, "they were keyed the highest emotionally I ever saw them."
In August 1942, quarterback Bob Snyder called Fortmann "a perfect football player" and "the most important man on the Bear squad." The 1942 Bears compiled a perfect 11–0 record in the regular season and won the Western Division championship, but lost to the Washington Redskins in the 1942 NFL Championship Game.
Fortmann announced his retirement from the NFL in January 1943, but was persuaded to return for the 1943 season. He continued to practice medicine at Pittsburgh's Presbyterian Hospital during the 1943 season, flying in on Saturdays to play with the Bears on Sundays. The 1943 Bears compiled an 8–1–1 record and defeated the Washington Redskins in the 1943 NFL Championship Game, which proved to be Fortmann's last game as an NFL player. He announced his retirement five days after the championship game.
Honors and awards
Fortmann received numerous honors and awards during and after his football career, including the following:
Fortmann received All-Pro honors during each of his eight years in the NFL. He received second-team honors as a rookie in 1936 and first-team honors in 1937 (New York Daily News), 1938 (NFL, UP, Collyer's Eye, Pro Football Writers, INS), 1939 (NFL, UP, Collyer's Eye, Pro Football Writers, INS, New York Daily News), 1940 (AP, UP, NFL, Collyer's Eye, INS, New York Daily News), 1941 (AP, UP, NFL, Collyer's Eye, New York Daily News), 1942 (AP, NFL, INS, New York Daily News), and 1943 (AP, UP, Pro Football Illustrated, New York Daily News).
In 1965, Fortmann was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as part of the Hall's third class of inductees. His Hall of Fame biography states: "On offense, he called signals for the linemen and was a battering-ram blocker. On defense, he was a genius at diagnosing enemy plays and a deadly tackler."
In 1969, Fortmann was named to the NFL 1930s All-Decade Team.
In 1978, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
In 1986, he received the NFL Alumni Career Achievement Award.
In 2019, Fortmann was named to the NFL 100th Anniversary All-Time Team
Later years and family
Fortmann was married to Mary Van Halteren in a ceremony at East Lansing, Michigan, on March 19, 1938. They had two sons, Thomas and Stephen.
Fortmann enrolled at Rush Medical School at the University of Chicago, where he studied medicine while playing for the Bears. He obtained his medical degree in 1940. He interned at Harper Hospital in Detroit and completed his surgical training at the University of Pittsburgh.
In the fall of 1944, he served as the line coach for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
In February 1945, Fortmann was commissioned as a lieutenant in the United States Navy. In April 1945, he was assigned to an attack transport ship in the South Pacific. He served in the Navy Medical Corps on a hospital ship in the Pacific theater.
In 1946, Fortmann was licensed to practice medicine in California and began practicing on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles. He worked as a surgeon at St. Joseph Hospital in Burbank, California, from 1948 until 1984. He became the hospital's chief of staff in 1965. He also served as the team physician for the Los Angeles Rams from 1947 to 1963. Fortmann and his family in Toluca Lake and/or Burbank until 1974 when they moved to Pasadena.
Fortmann was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1983 and, in 1988, began living at the John Douglas French Center, a facility in Los Alamitos, California, specializing in the care of Alzheimer's patients. He died at French Center in May 1995 at age 79.
References
External links
Pro Football Hall of Fame: Member - Dan Fortmann
1916 births
1995 deaths
American football offensive guards
American football offensive tackles
Chicago Bears players
Colgate Raiders football players
Pittsburgh Panthers football coaches
Colgate University alumni
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
People from Pearl River, New York
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
American sports physicians
Physicians from California
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy officers
Deaths from dementia in California
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Interview is a 1979 Canadian short live-action animated documentary film directed by Caroline Leaf and Veronika Soul, produced by David Verrall. The film is a record of a working day in the lives of two women filmmakers, sometimes described as "an autobiographical collaboration", though both filmmakers are discussing the other woman. The film is also seen as a study of female friendship, the women relating their perceptions of each other through their respective animation techniques, "each creating a visual portrait of the other based on characteristic gestures and impressions."
Synopsis
A summary statement from Caroline Leaf's web site reads as follows: "The film is a record of a working day in the lives of two women filmmakers, Caroline Leaf and Veronika Soul. They are seen as friends, as filmmakers, and as individuals whose personalities are contrasted by the things they say of themselves and each other, and by the different animation techniques they use to portray themselves." The women discuss their everyday lives "with irony and humour at the same time revealing their feelings and concerns when speaking about love, loneliness or devotion to art."
Themes and analysis
Work and life
Giannalberto Bendazzi remarks that Interview describes "how work as a filmmaker influences both women's daily lives and, at the same time, how their daily lives shape their works." María Lorenzo Hernández noted in 2010 that this is in sharp contrast to previous autobiographical animated films by men: unlike the men, Leaf and Soul "delved in the identity of the animatrice by sharing with the audience their creative process, depicted as a personal, almost intimate experience." In 2015, she remarked further that the "mutual interview as modus operandi reinforces" the documentary perspective. Leaf and Soul "deliver a reflection on animation as a medium, and as a mode of living, appearing as independent women who work autonomously – but not in creative isolation. They establish a dialogue with other artists, other women, legitimating unconventional animation processes. Both have opposite views on animation, yet they can create together."
Play
A statement appearing with the film's entry at the Krakow Film Festival's 50th anniversary retrospective describes the film as "a game played with the form and techniques of animation." In the 2002 interview, in addition to saying the directors were just "having fun" while making Interview, Leaf said that she and Soul were "playing with the audience" in response to suggestions of a deeper intimacy ("a sexual connotation") in the film.
Production
Background and development
Caroline Leaf moved to Canada from the U.S. in 1970, eventually settling in Montréal where she was invited to work for the National Film Board of Canada, and where fellow American expatriate Veronika Soul had also been living since 1970 or 1971.
Leaf recalled some twenty years later that the idea for Interview began as "murmurs in the corridors at the Film Board that there was going to be a series of films about the animation directors" at the Board's animation unit: "I thought it would be fun to do one about ourselves." It was something of a departure for Leaf: this would be the first time she was not taking "someone else's story": "I was making my own story with Veronica." Leaf was "blinded" by the film's revelations about her own shyness and awkwardness and said she was still "uncomfortable" watching it with an audience as late as 2002.
Filming, animation, and editing
Leaf and Soul "interviewed each other extensively" and then selected different parts to animate. The released film is a combination of still photographs, live action and animation, something Leaf had never before attempted.
Leaf's animation technique is paint on glass, while Soul's is based on collage. Leaf was quoted as saying her animations of allowed for subtle qualities which could not be achieved with a camera. She found editing the film particularly exciting "because the 'chunks' that fit together could have gone in any kind of order."
Release
In a post on his blog in 2007, American animator Michael Sporn recalled seeing Interview at the Ottawa International Animation Festival in 1980, and the film's mounting success: "The film followed the festival circuit back then, and I got to see it another half dozen or so times. It kept opening larger and larger the more I'd seen it. Paul Wells, citing Hungarian animator John Halas (1987) reports that, along with Leaf's other films made in the 1970s, Interview "consolidated her place as one of the acknowledged "masters" of animation."
Home media
Interview is included in a 147-minute anthology of films by women animators released on VHS as a set of two videocassettes in the Conoisseur animation series, titled Wayward girls & wicked women, 1991-1992. A 72-minute box set DVD was released in 2010, titled Caroline Leaf: Out on a Limb - Hand-Crafted Cinema, containing this short and several other works by Leaf.
Streaming
The short is available for streaming by subscription from the National Film Board of Canada (CAMPUS).
Reception
Critical response
Sporn remarked: "This was quite an unexpected and daring film, at the time, and it involved resetting our gears. (It's well worth viewing if you can.)" Jean-François Hamel wrote of Interview that, as is always the case with Leaf's films, the spectator is captivated, entertained and stimulated by a true and sincere artist and that what comes across through the film is what he calls her "humanism", manifest through her artistry and technique. Lorenzo Hernández describes the film as "pioneering" in terms of its personal themes, and its final scene, showing Leaf and Soul working together, is "beautiful". Julie Roy considers the filmmakers' styllistic freedom to be the principle attractive quality of the work, the two biographical portraits developing in parallel as in a conversation, apparently spontaneously, like a modern video diary, confiding with each other, all in a confident tone of voice.
Accolades
1979
Montréal World Film Festival, Jury Award for Best Short Film
World Festival of Animated Film, Varna, Bulgaria, First Prize - Category: Films from 5 to 15 minutes
1981
Melbourne International Film Festival, Grand Prix - Golden Boomerang and Victorian Government Cash Prize of A$4,000
Notes
References
External links
Interview on IMDb
Interview on Canadian Women Film Directors Database
1979 films
Canadian animated short films
Canadian short documentary films
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
Films directed by Caroline Leaf
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
Bradleigh Thomas Peter Donelan (born 3 January 1968) played first-class and List A cricket for Sussex between 1989 and 1993, and then a single first-class match for Somerset in 1994. Between 1995 and 1999, he played Minor Counties cricket for Cambridgeshire and in this period also appeared in List A match for the county. He was born at Park Royal, Middlesex.
References
1968 births
Living people
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
The western spindalis (Spindalis zena) is a songbird species. It was formerly considered conspecific with the other three species of spindalis, with the common name stripe-headed tanager.
Taxonomy
The spindalises were traditionally considered aberrant tanagers of the family Thraupidae, but like the equally enigmatic bananaquit (Coereba flaveola), they are formally treated as incertae sedis (place uncertain) among the nine-primaried oscines until the recognition of the family spindalidae.
Description
The male is brightly colored with a black and white horizontally striped head and contrasting burnt orange throat, breast and nape. The remainder of the belly is light grey. There are two color variations: green-backed (generally northern) and black-backed (generally northern). The female has similar markings on the head, but washed out to a medium grey. She is olive-grey above and greyish-brown below, with a slight orange wash on the breast, rump, and shoulders. They are long and weigh .
Distribution and habitat
The species is found in southeastern Florida and the western Caribbean (Cozumel, the Cayman Islands, Cuba, the Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands). It is a rare visitor of extreme southern Florida, where the subspecies S. z. zena successfully bred in 2009.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest. The subspecies zena is found in pine forest.
Conservation
It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
Subspecies
Spindalis zena zena: Central Bahamas
Spindalis zena townsendi: Grand Bahama Island, the Abacos and Green Turtle Cay
Spindalis zena pretrei: Cuba, Isle of Pines and adjacent offshore cays
Spindalis zena salvini: Grand Cayman Island
Spindalis zena benedicti: Cozumel Island
References
External links
western spindalis
Native birds of the Southeastern United States
Birds of the Caribbean
western spindalis
western spindalis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Middle Claydon is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire, England. The village is about south of Buckingham and about west of Winslow.
The toponym "Claydon" is derived from the Old English for "clay hill". The affix "Middle" differentiates the village from nearby Steeple Claydon, and East Claydon, and from the hamlet of Botolph Claydon. The Domesday Book of 1086 records the Claydon area as Claindone.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints is in the grounds of Claydon House, a National Trust property. The house was the home of Sir Edmund Verney, an English Civil War Royalist, and of Florence Nightingale.
References
Further reading
External links
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Verney family
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Noepoli is a comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. This ancient Lucanian village is situated in the Sarmento Valley, at the heart of the Pollino National Park.
History
Originally an Onotrio-Lucanian centre from the 8th to the 4th century BC, the village took on the name of Noia during the medieval period when it became a centre of learning for Greek Basilian monks.
With the advent of the Normans during the 11th century, Noepoli became a Lordship of Count Alessandro of Chiaromonte as testified in a document which ratifies his donation from the S. Onofrio Monastery to the Cersosimo Church (1093).
In 1404, it became an autonomous fief, but under the Aragonese it passed to the Del Balzo family and then to the Princes of Sanseverino of Salerno (15th century).
In 1863, the village took on its present-day name of Noepoli.
Main sights
Visitation Parish church (16th century)
Madonna of Constantinople Chapel (15th century)
Madonna of the Rosary Chapel (15th century)
Former Archive of the Signore di Noia Building (16th century)
Palazzo Rinaldi (19th century)
Palazzo De Cicco
S. Maria della Saectara Baronial Monastery (10th-11th century) in Rubbio
Farneta Woods
Events
Religion plays a big part of social life in the area, with many religious festival involving the whole village and bringing the locals together. These include: Traditional Annual Fair on 5 April; Feast of Sant'Antonio on 13 June; Feast of the Madonna of Constantinople on 4–6 August (the largest and best known local event, with procession of votive altars and tarantella dance around the village); Feast of the Madonna del Rosario on 20 and 21 October; Pheasant and Chestnut Festival in November; Wine Festival on 8 December; Madonna of Pantano: Procession on Easter Monday; Feast on the 2nd Sunday in May; Fiaccolata on 7th and Feast on 8 September.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Minardi M191 was a Formula One car designed by Aldo Costa and Rene Hilhorst and built by Minardi for the 1991 Formula One season. The car was powered by the Ferrari V12 engine and ran on Goodyear tyres. Its best finish in a race was 4th (twice).
Development
For the 1991 season, team owner Giancarlo Minardi arranged a supply of Ferrari V12 engines to replace the Cosworth V8s that it had used since 1988. However, the new engines, designated 036, were actually those used by Ferrari during the 1989 season and had not received any further development. Later in the season, Minardi received 037 specification engines, which were those from Ferrari's 1990 car.
The chassis was designed by Aldo Costa with Rene Hilhorst providing aerodynamic input.
Race history
1991
The M191 debuted in the 1991 United States Grand Prix, driven by Italians Pierluigi Martini and Gianni Morbidelli. Martini, a longtime stalwart of Minardi, scored all the points scoring finishes for the team in 1991, finishing fourth at the San Marino Grand Prix and repeating the feat in Portugal. This meant a finish of 7th place in the Constructors' Championship, the best placing Minardi achieved in the course of its history.
Despite qualifying well on occasion (with the best of 8th place on the grid in San Marino and Japan), Morbidelli failed to score any points. His best finish was 7th at the Mexican race. He was promoted to the Ferrari race team following the sacking of Alain Prost after the Japanese Grand Prix and was replaced by Brazilian Roberto Moreno for the last race of the year in Australia. Moreno placed 16th in that race.
1992
The team used an updated M191, designated the M191B, for the first four races of the season before it was replaced by the Minardi M192. With it, Morbidelli, back in the team after his one-off drive for Ferrari at the tail end of the previous season, finished 7th at the Brazilian Grand Prix. It was his only finish with the M191B. New recruit Christian Fittipaldi likewise only had one finish with the M191B, 11th at the Spanish race.
Livery
The M191 featured a mostly black livery, with few spots in yellow and white and sponsorship from SCM Group, among other companies.
Complete Formula One results
(key)
* Point scored using the M192.
Notes
References
1991 Formula One season cars
Minardi Formula One cars
Technical variations of Solaris distributions include support for different hardware devices and systems or software package configurations. Organizational differences may be motivated by historical reasons. Other criteria include security, including how quickly security upgrades are available; ease of package management; and number of packages available.
These tables compare each noteworthy distribution's latest stable release on wide-ranging objective criteria. It does not cover each operating system's subjective merits, branches marked as unstable or beta, nor compare Solaris distributions with other operating systems.
General
Basic general information about the distributions: creator or producer, release date and latest version, and so forth.
Technical
Package management and installation
Information on features in the distributions. Package numbers are only approximate.
Security features
See also
Comparison of operating systems
Comparison of open-source operating systems
References
External links
OpenSolaris
Solaris distributions
The Iglesia San Sebastián Mártir () in the plaza in San Sebastián, Puerto Rico was completed in 1897 and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It is one of five churches designed by state architect Pedro Cobreros during 1890 to 1896 and completed in 1897 and is "austere, yet noble".
It is one of 31 churches reviewed for listing on the National Register in 1984.
References
San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Churches completed in 1897
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
The trial and execution of Anne du Bourg was a critical event in the history of religious conflict in Paris, prior to the outbreak of the French Wars of Religion three years later. Anne du Bourg a judge in the Paris Parlement, would be executed, after calling the King Henry II an adulterer and blasphemer, and refusing to affirm the Real presence. He would be garrotted and burned on 23 December 1559. Several of his colleagues who had been arrested along with him, would be forced to recant their beliefs before returning to re-join the court. His trial would inflame religious tensions in Paris, leading directly to the assassination of President Minard, and contributing to the powder keg that exploded in the riot of Saint Medard a few months later.
Background
Royal policy
Beginning in the reign of Francis I, Protestantism would be subject to organised persecution in France. This would continue into the reign of his son Henri II, notably in the Edict of Compiègne (1557) and the Edict of Ecouen (1559). Despite these efforts, Protestantism would continue to grow stronger, from two churches in 1555, to a national synod in 1559 with around 1.5 million adherents. Heretic hunting by the Paris Parlement had slackened by the mid-1550s, with no one executed for heresy in 1555, with an attempt on the King's life in 1557, new legislation to push the Parlement's to action was introduced. However, Henri II remained unsatisfied with their progress, and their reticence to register the Edict of Ecouen into law, but was not able to push them into more aggressive action, until the conclusion of peace with the Habsburgs and English in the Peace of Cateau Cambresis.
Popular action
Hostility in the city of Paris to the Huguenots exploded after the royal loss at the Battle of St. Quentin (1557), for which they were blamed by popular preachers. Shortly thereafter an angry crowd surrounded a secret Protestant site of worship on the rue St Jacques, threatening and throwing stones at those who tried to leave. Over one hundred would be arrested by the Parisian authorities following this, with 8 executed. It was into this volatile environment that Henri would attend a mercurial session of Parlement.
The judiciary
While the judiciary largely resisted the Protestant reformation, and remained overwhelmingly Catholic, the Paris judiciary was largely of the moderate Erasmian Catholic variety, which disapproved of burning people solely for privately held views and who were hostile to what they felt was Papal interference in France's religious affairs. This wing of the court was led by Presidents Seguier, de Hurley and de Thou. There was regardless an ultra Catholic wing of the court, led by Presidents Le Maistre, and Minard. There were however several Protestant justices among the Paris judiciary, including Louis du Faur and Anne du Bourg.
The visit of the King
Prelude
Matters between the ultras and the moderates in Parlement came to a head in March 1559, when three prisoners appealed their death sentences in the Tournelles having been accused of heresy. The judges, more liberal by disposition were ill inclined to sentence the prisoners to death, and offered them amnesty in return for their recanting. The prisoners refused to recant, frustrating the judges, who proceeded to ask for an explanation in writing. This done they reduced their sentences to banishment. The direction the Tournelle was taking under the liberal judges frustrated the ultra wing of the court, who controlled the Grand Chambre. The gens du roi convened a mercuriale session in the hope of restoring discipline among the judges, and healing any potential breach that might be forming. The first session of the mercuriale was in the last week of April. The court began to reach a consensus in favour of the moderate faction in its first few sessions, favouring leaving heresy as a problem for a church council. Fumée went further, and argued for a suspension of the death penalty for heresy until such time as religious clarity achieved. This frightened the ultra wing of the court under Presidents Le Maistre, Saint-Andre and Minard. They went to the King, urging him to surprise the court during a later mercurial session and to verify what they said about the 'many Lutheran' members of the court.
The day of the visit
On 10 June, Henri II attended a session of the Parlement, accompanied by Francis, Duke of Guise, Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine, Louis, Duke of Montpensier and Anne de Montmorency. Alongside his grievances at the failure to register his edict, he had also been passed a list of suspect Huguenot judges by the informers among the judiciary. The King interrupted the deliberations of Parlement that were ongoing, expressing his dissatisfaction at how they were pursuing heresy before instructing them to continue their discussion. Viole then stood to advocate for submitting heresy to a church council. Le Maistre and only 14 other judges rose to advocate for the death sentence. Several councillors went further in favour of Protestantism, with Louis du Faur going as far as to attack the King directly through the use of scripture in quoting Elijah's words to King Ahab. Whilst Anne du Bourg took a more personal line, contrasting the widespread prosperous condition of blasphemers and adulterers, with the pure community of reformers, who desired only to cleanse the church. After the conseillers had spoken, it was the turn of the Presidents; de Hurley, and Seguier offered a defence of the courts conduct, and thus implicitly the moderates, Minard meanwhile emphasised that royal edicts such as those on heresy should be obeyed. Le Maistre went furthest, praising Philip II for his extermination of the Cathars, with the implicit comparison that Henri should do likewise for Protestants. The King still enraged by the words of du Bourg and du Faur demanded the Parlement register be surrendered to him before storming out. He was a serial adulterer himself, and thus interpreted du Bourg's comments as an indirect attack, and thus Lèse-majesté. He would be arrested, alongside du Faur, Fumée, de Foix and de la Porte, whilst Viole, du Ferrier and du Val would escape arrest by hiding with sympathetic colleagues until the crisis had passed.
Trial and bargaining
Trial of the others
Du Bourg and the other judges would be housed in the Bastille, with a special commission established to try them on 19 June. In theory Parlementaires could only be tried by the whole body of their colleagues, but this was ignored. Two of the justices assigned to try the Parlementaires were former Chambre Ardente judges, Saint-Andre and Guyent. Also judging would be de Mesmes and the bishop of Paris du Bellay. The King vowed to see du Bourg burn with his own eyes, however he would be killed at a joust celebrating the peace of Cateau Cambresis on July 10, succeeded by his young son Francis II who was governed by his maternal uncles, the Guise. Du Faur's crime was the second most serious, and as such he would be given the strictest non death sentence of the defendants, a fine and a 5-year suspension, the Parlement not enthusiastic to put any of its own to death. None of the other defendants wanted to fight on religious grounds, and they chose to challenge the authority of their judges to try them legally. De la Porte would be punished only in having to retract his comments about the severity of the Grand Chambre. Fumée appealed to Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine for clemency. De Foix found his trial complicated by the fact he'd distinguished Sacramentarians from Lutherans in terms of who should receive the death penalty. De Thou intervened on his behalf and he was obliged to renounce this view before the whole court and he was also suspended for a year though this was annulled.
Trial of du Bourg
The trial of Anne du Bourg gripped Paris, as he alone broke against outward conformity, in admitting to attending services and denying the miracle of mass when pressed by his judges. Efforts continued into December to avoid the scandal of a public execution, a compromise confession of faith being drawn up for him to sign, which on December 13 he did. The execution would not however be averted, as on December 19, fearing he had become a Nicodemite, he repudiated his signature. Despite the pleas of Margaret of Valois, Duchess of Berry and Frederick III, Elector Palatine his execution would go ahead.
The assassination of President Minard
Whilst du Bourg languished in prison, his coreligionists were active in achieving revenge on the outside. In both October and December there would be failed attempts to jail break du Bourg. On December 12, ten masked horsemen gunned down the ultra judge, President Minard. outside his home. On the same day they also killed the informer of Henri II, Julian Fermé. The gates to Paris were quickly closed, while house to house searches could be conducted. Robert Stuart was determined as a suspect, and he was charged with the assassination of Minard, a plot to free du Bourg from prison and a plot to burn down Paris, though he confessed nothing under torture.
Execution
To avoid any escape on the day of the execution, guards would be added around du Bourg, as he was transferred to the Place de Greve on December 23. However they would end up being used more to keep the Catholic crowd back from seizing him themselves, than they would be blocking any such attempts. As had become the custom Anne du Bourg was garroted before being burned, as the Parlement felt burning alive was too cruel a punishment. The Cardinal of Lorraine wrote to the French ambassador in Rome of his hope that this execution would act as a deterrent against Protestantism, yet for the Protestants he would be a prime martyr justifying resistance.
Aftermath
Sectarian violence in Paris, that first exploded as a result of du Bourg's execution in a major way with the Saint Medard riot, would only increase over the following years in Paris as the situation deteriorated. This would culminate in the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in which over 3000 Protestants would be killed.
References
Huguenots
People executed for heresy
16th-century executions by France
16th-century Protestant martyrs
Hanksville is a small town in Wayne County, Utah, United States, at the junction of State Routes 24 and 95. The population was 219 at the 2010 census.
Situated in the Colorado Plateau's cold desert ecological region, the town is just south of the confluence of the Fremont River and Muddy Creek, which together form the Dirty Devil River, which then flows southeast to the Colorado River. The Hanksville-Burpee Quarry is located nearby, and the Mars Desert Research Station is northwest of town. The Bureau of Land Management's Henry Mountains field station is located in Hanksville.
History
The town was settled in 1882 and known for a time for the name given to the surrounding area, Graves Valley. It took the name of Hanksville in 1885, after Ebenezer Hanks, an early settler. It was not incorporated until January 6, 1999.
The REA brought electricity to the community in 1960. Today agriculture, mining, and tourism are the main drivers to the local economy. Tourism is particularly important with people coming for recreation at Lake Powell, Capitol Reef National Park, the Henry Mountains, the San Rafael Swell, Goblin Valley State Park, and the solitude of the surrounding deserts and slot canyons.
Hanksville was a supply post for Butch Cassidy and the Wild Bunch, who would hide out at Robbers Roost in the desert southeast of town.
During the uranium mining frenzy following World War II, Hanksville became a supply center for the prospectors and miners scouring the deserts of the Colorado Plateau. Many abandoned mines can be found in the deserts surrounding the town.
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, 219 people lived in the town. There were 94 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 98.2% White, 0.5% Asian, and 1.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.9% of the population.
Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Hanksville has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps. It has a mean annual temperature of 52.88 °F (11.6 °C) and an annual mean rainfall of 5.76 in (146.3 mm).
See also
List of cities and towns in Utah
References
External links
Towns in Utah
Towns in Wayne County, Utah
Populated places established in 1882
1882 establishments in Utah Territory
François Baudichon (born in 1812 in Sainte-Maure-de-Touraine) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. He was appointed bishop in 1844. He died in 1882.
References
1812 births
1882 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
The historiography of the Holocaust in Slovakia has been a much-debated subject, and historians have still not arrived at a consensus position as to the role of the Slovak State in the Holocaust.
During the Communist era, scholars were required to analyze events through a Marxist historiographical framework. Marxist historiography viewed Aryanization was a struggle between Jewish and Christian owners, and wealthy Slovaks encouraged the working class to adopt antisemitic beliefs in order to divide the proletariat. However, responsibility for the Holocaust was placed squarely on Nazi Germany. During the Prague Spring era, Ivan Kamenec's dissertation on the Holocaust in Slovakia was accepted, and Kamenec was allowed to publish four studies from it. He was not allowed to publish the dissertation because it was accused of being non-Marxist and promoting Zionism. Academic inquiry again became impossible during the period of normalization that followed.
As a result, the first studies of the Holocaust were published outside the country, for example The Destruction of Slovak Jewry (1961) by Livia Rothkirchen in Hebrew and Die Juden im slowakischen Staat, 1939–1945 (The Jews in the Slovak State) by Ladislav Lipscher in 1980.
Another strand of historiography was developed by anti-Communists living in exile.
Later, perestroika allowed the emergence of more balanced accounts in Slovakia.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
The Holocaust in Slovakia
Historiography of Slovakia
Holocaust historiography
Ramón Martín del Campo (born 5 July 1993) is a Mexican former professional footballer.
Career
Early career
Prior to college, Martin del Campo started his soccer career playing for F.C. San Diego while also playing on the Bonita Vista High School varsity soccer team, which he helped lead to the CIF San Diego Section Division II Championship.
From 2011–2014, he went on to play four seasons of college soccer at the University of California, Davis. His strong performance was rewarded with a call to the United States National U23 Team (one of 19 players in the nation) for a week-long camp in the Bahamas in early August 2014. In the summer of 2014, he joined the San Jose Earthquakes' U23 Premier Development League squad, helping lead his side to a 7–4–3 record and a third-place finish in the Western Conference in its inaugural season. His performance that year led him to be one of three finalists for the PDL's Young Player of the Year Award.
Professional
Ramon Martin del Campo signed his first professional contract MLS prior to the 2015 MLS SuperDraft. He, however, went undrafted and his contract was subsequently voided. He later went on trial with LA Galaxy but was released in pre-season without a contract.
Deportivo Saprissa
In June 2015, he signed a two year contract with Deportivo Saprissa after a recommendation by former MLS and Saprissa player Daniel Torres.
Puerto Rico FC
On May 12, 2016, Puerto Rico FC announced that Martin del Campo will join the club for this upcoming season on loan from Deportivo Saprissa.
Ottawa Fury
On January 10, 2017, Martin del Campo signed with United Soccer League side Ottawa Fury.
Fresno FC
On January 24, 2018, Martin del Campo signed with United Soccer League side Fresno FC for the 2018 season.
Las Vegas Lights
Following Fresno FC folding at the end of the 2019 season, del Campo signed with USL Championship side Las Vegas Lights FC on December 9, 2019, ahead of their 2020 season.
OKC Energy
On September 16, 2020, del Campo moved USL Championship side OKC Energy.
Miami FC
On January 7, 2021, USL Championship side Miami FC announced it had signed del Campo.
After playing every minute of Miami's first three matches, del Campo announced his retirement from professional soccer on May 22, 2021.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
UC Davis Aggies men's soccer players
San Jose Earthquakes U23 players
Deportivo Saprissa players
Puerto Rico FC players
Ottawa Fury FC players
Fresno FC players
Las Vegas Lights FC players
OKC Energy FC players
Miami FC players
American expatriate soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Costa Rica
Association football defenders
Footballers from Sonora
Sportspeople from Hermosillo
University of California, Davis alumni
USL League Two players
North American Soccer League players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from California
Sportspeople from Chula Vista, California
Xenosoma flavisedes is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Paul Dognin in 1891. It is found in Venezuela.
References
Arctiinae
The rufous-capped babbler (Cyanoderma ruficeps) is a babbler species in the family Timaliidae. It occurs from the Eastern Himalayas to northern Thailand, Laos, eastern China to Vietnam and Taiwan. It inhabits temperate forest with dense bushes or bamboo and is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
It is pale olive with a bright rufous crown and nape, measures long and weighs .
Stachyris ruficeps was the scientific name proposed by Edward Blyth in 1847 for an olive-coloured babbler with a ferruginous crown and a white throat collected in Darjeeling.
It was later placed in the genus Stachyridopsis.
References
External links
rufous-capped babbler
Birds of China
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Taiwan
Birds of Vietnam
rufous-capped babbler
rufous-capped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 72nd New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 2 to April 11, 1849, during the first year of Hamilton Fish's governorship, in Albany.
Background
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1846, 32 Senators were elected in single-seat senatorial districts for a two-year term, the whole Senate being renewed biennially. The senatorial districts (except those in New York City) were made up of entire counties. 128 Assemblymen were elected in single-seat districts to a one-year term, the whole Assembly being renewed annually. The Assembly districts were made up of entire towns, or city wards, forming a contiguous area, all in the same county. The City and County of New York was divided into four senatorial districts, and 16 Assembly districts.
State Senator Allen Ayrault resigned on June 2, 1848, leaving a vacancy in the 29th District.
At this time there were two major political parties: the Democratic Party and the Whig Party. The Democratic Party was split into two factions: the "Barnburners" and the "Hunkers." The Barnburners walked out of the 1848 Democratic state convention and formed with a small faction of anti-slavery Whigs and a part of the Liberty Party the Free Soil Party. The uncompromising radical abolitionists ran their own tickets as the Liberty Party.
Elections
The New York state election, 1848 was held on November 7.
Whigs Hamilton Fish and George W. Patterson were elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor; and the other two statewide elective offices were also carried by the Whigs.
State Comptroller Millard Fillmore was elected United States Vice President.
106 Whigs, 15 Free Soilers and 7 Hunkers were elected to the State Assembly. One Whig was elected to fill the vacancy in the State Senate.
Sessions
The Legislature met for the regular session at the Old State Capitol in Albany on January 2, 1849; and adjourned on April 11.
Amos K. Hadley (W) was re-elected Speaker with 101 votes against 13 for Frederick P. Bellinger (Barnb.) and 6 for Charles C. Noble (Hunker).
On January 31, State Comptroller Millard Fillmore sent a letter to the Legislature, resigning the office, to take effect on February 20.
On February 6, the Legislature elected William H. Seward (W) to succeed John A. Dix (Barnb.) as U.S. Senator, for a six-year term beginning on March 4, 1849.
On February 17, the Legislature elected Washington Hunt (W) to succeed Millard Fillmore as State Comptroller on February 20.
On April 11, Samuel J. Wilkin was elected president pro tempore of the State Senate.
State Senate
Districts
1st District: Queens, Richmond and Suffolk counties
2nd District: Kings County
3rd District: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th wards of New York City
4th District: 7th, 10th, 13th and 17th wards of New York City
5th District: 8th, 9th and 14th wards of New York City
6th District: 11th, 12th, 15th, 16th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st and 22nd wards of New York City
7th District: Putnam, Rockland and Westchester counties
8th District: Columbia and Dutchess counties
9th District: Orange and Sullivan counties
10th District: Greene and Ulster counties
11th District: Albany and Schenectady counties
12th District: Rensselaer County
13th District: Saratoga and Washington counties
14th District: Clinton, Essex and Warren counties
15th District: Franklin and St. Lawrence counties
16th District: Fulton, Hamilton, Herkimer and Montgomery counties
17th District: Delaware and Schoharie counties
18th District: Chenango and Otsego counties
19th District: Oneida County
20th District: Madison and Oswego counties
21st District: Jefferson and Lewis counties
22nd District: Onondaga County
23rd District: Broome, Cortland and Tioga counties
24th District: Cayuga and Wayne counties
25th District: Seneca, Tompkins and Yates counties
26th District: Chemung and Steuben counties
27th District: Monroe County
28th District: Genesee, Niagara and Orleans counties
29th District: Livingston and Ontario counties
30th District: Allegany and Wyoming counties
31st District: Erie County
32nd District: Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
Employees
Clerk: Andrew H. Calhoun
State Assembly
Assemblymen
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature.
Party affiliations follow the vote on Speaker, U.S. Senator and USNY Regent.
Employees
Clerk: Philander B. Prindle
Sergeant-at-Arms: Samuel S. Blanchard
Doorkeeper: Robert Grant
Assistant Doorkeeper: Thomas E. Osborn
Second Assistant Doorkeeper: Samuel Merclean
Notes
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858) [pg. 109 for Senate districts; pg. 136 for senators; pg. 148–157 for Assembly districts; pg. 234ff for assemblymen]
Journal of the Senate (72nd Session) (1849)
072
1849 in New York (state)
1849 U.S. legislative sessions
Jon Ludvig Nilssen Hammer (born 2 June 1990) is a Norwegian chess grandmaster and three-time Norwegian Chess Champion. He was the main second for Magnus Carlsen in the World Chess Championship 2013.
Chess career
At the 38th Chess Olympiad in Dresden, Hammer represented Norway as the substitute player (number five on the team). He played in all rounds except the first and scored 6/10 (+4−2=4).
In 2007, Hammer completed all requirements for the International Master title. Hammer gained his first GM norm in the Cappelle-la-Grande Open in 2007, the second in Denmark in 2008, and a third in European Chess Club Cup later that year. The short length of those tournaments, however, meant he needed a fourth norm to gain the GM title. This norm was achieved when Hammer won outright a jubilee tournament at Gjøvik arranged at the end of 2008 and the beginning of 2009. In the final round against Mateusz Bartel, Hammer secured his Grandmaster title with a draw. In spite of this, he eschewed several opportunities for a perpetual check, and successfully took aim at sole first place. He was awarded the grandmaster title in March 2009.
Hammer scored a 2792 rating performance on Norway's top board during the 2009 European Team Chess Championship in Novi Sad, where his +4−0=5 score made him one of the top individual scorers.
In 2011, Hammer suffered setbacks in the "B" section of the Tata Steel Chess Tournament, and the Aeroflot Open. He rebounded with a good result in the Reykjavik Open, where he finished with 7/9, and in 5th place on tiebreaks. As the best Nordic player, Hammer became Norway's first Nordic Chess Champion since Simen Agdestein in 1992.
Hammer won his first Norwegian Chess Championship in 2013 when he scored 7/9 (+5−0=4). Hammer's best result until then had been the 2008 championship, when he finished equal on points with Frode Elsness, but he lost the September playoff to Elsness after losing the first game, and acquiescing to a draw in a worse position in the second. In 2013/14, Hammer took a clear first place with 7½/9 in the Rilton Cup.
Hammer attended the Norwegian College of Elite Sport and was coached by Agdestein. Hammer has been described as taking chess very seriously, playing very often online, in tournaments, or practicing. In 2009, Hammer announced he would not pursue a professional chess career and would study economics. In 2012, he switched to journalism, writing for Science Nordic as part of his degree studies.
He won the Xtracon Chess Open in 2018.
In 2019, he published the educational video series "1.e4 A Complete White Repertoire".
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Norwegian chess players
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Sportspeople from Oslo
The Cimicidae are a family of small parasitic bugs that feed exclusively on the blood of warm-blooded animals. They are called cimicids or, loosely, bed bugs, though the latter term properly refers to the most famous member of the family, Cimex lectularius, the common bed bug and its tropical relation Cimex hemipterus. The family contains over 100 species. Cimicids appeared in the fossil record in the Cretaceous period. When bats evolved in the Eocene, they switched hosts and now feed mainly on bats or birds. Members of the group have colonised humans on three separate occasions.
Cimicids usually feed on their host's blood every three to seven days, crawling away from the host and hiding while they digest the blood, which may take several days. This means that they specialise in vertebrate hosts that return regularly to particular sites to nest, roost or sleep. Birds and bats suit these specific requirements, as do humans now that they live in dwellings, and these are the main hosts used by the bugs. Most cimicids are able to go for long periods without feeding, over a year in some instances.
Cimicids are typically small, oval, flattened, wingless insects. They are stimulated to appear from their hiding places by cues such as a slight rise in the temperature of their surroundings. Among the family's distinctive characteristics are traumatic insemination, in which the male fertilises the eggs by piercing the female's abdominal wall with his intromittent organ. They also have distinctive paired structures called mycetomes inside their bodies, in which they harbour bacterial symbionts: these may help them to obtain nutrients they cannot get from blood. Although the insects may acquire viruses and other pathogens while feeding, these do not normally replicate inside the insect, and the infections are not transmitted to new hosts.
Biology
All cimicids are small, oval-shaped, and flat in appearance, although their bodies bulge after feeding. They do not fly, but have small, non-functional wing pads. They have beak-like mouthparts with which they pierce the skin and suck the blood of their hosts. They are often considered to be ectoparasites because, although they move away from the host after feeding, they remain within the confines of their host's roost, nest or dwelling; however, under a different definition, they may be considered to be micropredatory bloodsuckers.
Reproduction in cimicids involves traumatic insemination; although the female has a normal genital tract for laying eggs, the male never uses it (except in the species Primicimex cavernis), instead piercing the female's abdominal wall with his intromittent organ and injecting sperm into the spermalege, a storage structure; the sperm then migrate through the female's paragenital system to reach the eggs. This practice may have evolved as males competed with each other to place their sperm closer and closer to the ovaries; the last inseminating male sires more offspring than his predecessors. Males will mount any recently-fed bug, regardless of sex, and start probing its abdomen in the region of the spermalege, thus receiving tactile, morphological and behavioral cues revealing the sex of the mounted bug. Females occasionally die from a ruptured gut after insemination; insemination via the female reproductive tract does not normally occur, except under restrictive laboratory conditions.
Feeding is required for egg production in females and probably for sperm production in males. Egg-laying behavior varies among species. C. lectularius stops laying fertile eggs about 35 to 50 days after the last insemination. The American cliff swallow bug, Oeciacus vicarius, hibernates after mating in autumn and begins laying in spring, to coincide with the return of their migratory hosts.
The five nymphal instars (stages) must each take a blood meal to develop to the next stage. An undisturbed bug may take 3–15 minutes to ingest a full meal depending on its life stage. They can survive long periods of time without feeding, reappearing from their hiding places when hosts again become available. Adult bedbugs have been reported to live three to twelve months in an untreated household situation.
In a laboratory attempt to crossbreed a female Cimex lectularius Linnaeus with Cimex hemipterus Fabricius males, one nymph hatched out of 479 eggs laid. It was determined to have hybrid characteristics and unlikely a product of parthenogenesis.
Behavior
Cimicids are attracted to hosts by a variety of cues, including heat (even a temperature difference of 1 °C) and kairomones. Host cues (at least in some species, including C. lectularius and Stricticimex antennatus) change from attractants to repellants after a cimicid has fed, causing it to move out of a danger zone after feeding.
Most cimicids feed once every three to seven days in natural conditions. C. lectularius normally feeds once every seven days and Ornithocoris toledoi every eight days, though C. hemipterus has been observed feeding every day for several days (in hot climates). Excessively hot or cold temperatures disrupt normal behavior. All cimicids harbour bacterial symbionts in paired structures known as "mycetomes". Although the significance of these has not been fully studied, they may be concerned with the biosynthesis of nutrients that the insect cannot synthesize itself, as is the case in other blood-sucking insects.
Many cimicids can go without food for long periods, one and a half years in some instances. This allows them to survive the winter at summer bat roosts even when the bats are hibernating elsewhere, and may be an important adaptive trait because of their limited dispersal ability. Cimicids have occasionally been observed clinging to the fore limbs of bats away from the roost, and this is likely to be the means by which the insects disperse. The cimicids have no special adaptations to enable them to travel in this way, however the only two members of the Primicimicinae subfamily, Bucimex chilensis and Primicimex cavernis have claws and an erect a row of peg-like spines on the tarsus, and have been observed clinging to the bat's pelage with these.
Hosts
Cimicids are a specialised group of blood-sucking parasites that primarily feed on bats, birds and humans. They are thought to have evolved from predatory heteropteran ancestors, with about 60% of extant species using bats as their primary hosts. Bats are social mammals and many species congregate in communal roosts to give birth and rear their young. These roosts provide excellent conditions for their arthropod ectoparasites, with a steady temperature and opportunities for regular blood meals. However, the bats frequently groom themselves and each other, putting the parasites at risk of being eaten. Cimicids lessen this risk by hiding in concealed locations between feeding bouts, and by producing a repellent substance which makes them distasteful.
In evolutionary terms, most species of cimicid probably specialised on insectivorous bats or birds, with the possibility of dispersal to other sites via their winged hosts. On returning to a roost, a bat may only be available to cimicids for a short time before it cools down and enters a state of torpor, with reduced blood flow. When the bats lived in close proximity to humans, in caves or in the roofs of their huts, a new opportunity arose; the cimicids could make use of the large size and homeothermic properties of a human, which provided an abundant food supply that led to the growth and expansion of the ectoparasite populations.
Cimicids are relatively specialized in their choice of hosts, compared to other bloodsucking insects. Most cimicids have a preferred host, but accept some others when presented with the choice, such as C. lectularius and C. hemipterus, which are most often found among humans, but can also survive by feeding on birds, bats, rabbits, and mice. The subfamilies Primicimicinae and Latrocimicinae use New World bats as their hosts, while Afrocimicinae and Cacodminae use Old World bats. Bats represent a convenient mammal to exploit as they roost communally, returning to the same roost regularly. It is perhaps to avoid the parasites that some species of bat regularly change roosts. The subfamily Haematosiphoninae use birds in the swift and swallow families, Apodidae and Hirundinidae. One species, P. cavernis, has a very limited distribution and appears to make use of only one species of host.
Host switching is dependent on several factors, including overlap in host detection cues and ability to digest different kinds of blood. For example, the red blood cells of chickens are about 3 to 5 μm longer in diameter than those of humans, making human blood more suitable for the narrow food canal of C. lectularius. C. hemipterus may be able to vary the size of its food canal, allowing it greater flexibility in its choice of hosts. Preference for a host species can vary between populations of a given species; the causes for this are unclear.
Effects on hosts
The effects of cimicid feeding on the host include causing an immune response that results in discomfort, the transmission of pathogens, secondary infections at the wound site, physiological changes such as iron deficiency, and reduced fitness (slow growth, small size, or lack of reproductive success). Hosts can defend themselves against attack by choosing non-infected sites and by grooming, while cimicids can maximise their success by reducing feeding time, selecting feeding sites which are out of reach of the hosts grooming activities, choosing to feed at times when the host is inactive, and removing themselves to a safer environment promptly when satiated.
Although viruses and other pathogens can be acquired by cimicids, they rarely transmit them to their hosts. O. vicarius is a vector of several arboviruses, but is not killed by these viruses. Trypanosoma cruzi, the trypanosome that causes Chagas disease, is rarely transmitted from cimicids to bats, but it has not been observed replicating after such transmission. The viruses HIV and hepatitis B can persist in C. lectularius for two weeks, but with no viral replication. The possibility of these and most other viruses being transmitted from C. lectularius to humans is considered extremely remote.
Evolution
A fossil bedbug, Quasicimex eilapinastes, was identified in 2008 from Late Cretaceous Burmese amber, aged 99 million years ago (mya). Molecular analysis suggests that bedbugs diversified before the existence of bats, their primary hosts, suggesting repeated colonisation of bats from an unknown host.
Molecular analysis of five mitochondrial and nuclear genes shows that the Cimicidae, a group of over 100 species, form a clade. The Primicimicinae is sister to the clade containing all other extant species. The analysis, dated using fossils, gives an estimated date of 115 mya, in the Cretaceous, for the evolution of the first Cimicidae. When bats appeared some 50 million years later, the parasites switched hosts, feeding on bats and birds from then on. The group colonised humans as hosts on three separate occasions. The genus Cimex is seen to be polyphyletic.
{{clade
|label1=Cimicidae
|1=
Afrocimicinae, Haematosiphoninae, Latrocimicinae were not included in the analysis.
References
External links
Heteroptera families
Parasitic bugs
Taxa named by Pierre André Latreille
In finance, a volatility swap is a forward contract on the future realised volatility of a given underlying asset. Volatility swaps allow investors to trade the volatility of an asset directly, much as they would trade a price index. Its payoff at expiration is equal to
where:
is the annualised realised volatility,
is the volatility strike, and
is a preagreed notional amount.
that is, the holder of a volatility swap receives for every point by which the underlying's annualised realised volatility exceeded the delivery price of , and conversely, pays for every point the realised volatility falls short of the strike.
The underlying is usually a financial instrument with an active or liquid options market, such as foreign exchange, stock indices, or single stocks.
Unlike an investment in options, whose volatility exposure is contaminated by its price dependence, these swaps provide pure exposure to volatility alone. This is truly the case only for forward starting volatility swaps. However, once the swap has its asset fixings its mark-to-market value also depends on the current asset price. One can use these instruments to speculate on future volatility levels, to trade the spread between realized and implied volatility, or to hedge the volatility exposure of other positions or businesses.
Volatility swaps are more commonly quoted and traded than the very similar but simpler variance swaps, which can be replicated with a linear combination of options and a dynamic position in futures. The difference between the two is convexity: The payoff of a variance swap is linear with variance but convex with volatility.
That means, inevitably, a static replication (a buy-and-hold strategy) of a volatility swap is impossible. However, using the variance swap () as a hedging instrument and targeting volatility (), volatility can be written as a function of variance:
and and chosen to minimise to expect expected squared deviation of the two sides:
then, if the probability of negative realised volatilities is negligible, future volatilities could be assumed to be normal with mean and standard deviation :
then the hedging coefficients are:
Definition of the realized volatility
Definition of the annualized realized volatility depends on traders viewpoint on the underlying price observation, which could be either discretely or continuously in time. For the former one, with the analogous construction to that of the variance swap, if there are sampling points of the observed underlying prices, says,
where
for to . Define the natural log returns.
Then the discrete-sampling annualized realized volatility is defined by
which basically is the square root of annualized realized variance. Here, denotes an annualized factor which commonly selected to be the number of the observed price in a year i.e. if the price is monitored daily or if it is done weekly. is the expiry date of the volatility swap defined by .
The continuous version of the annualized realized volatility is defined by means of the square root of quadratic variation of the underlying price log-return:
where is the instantaneous volatility of the underlying asset.
Once the number of price's observation increase to infinity, one can find that converges in probability to i.e.
representing the interconnection and consistency between the two approaches.
Pricing and valuation
In general, for a specified underlying asset, the main aim of pricing swaps is to find a fair strike price since there is no cost to enter the contract. One of the most popular approaches to such fairness is exploiting the Martingale pricing method, which is the method to find the expected present value of given derivative security with respect to some risk-neutral probability measure (or Martingale measure). And how such a measure is chosen depends on the model used to describe the price evolution.
Mathematically speaking, if we suppose that the price process follows the Black-Scholes model under the martingale measure , then it solves the following SDE:
where:
represents the swap contract expiry date,
is (time-dependent) risk-free interest rate,
is (time-dependent) price volatility, and
is a Brownian motion under the filtered probability space where is the natural filtration of .
Since we know that is the volatility swap payoff at expiry in the discretely sampled case (which is switched to for the continuous case), then its expected value at time , denoted by is
which gives
due to the zero price of the swap, defining the value of a fair volatility strike. The solution can be discovered in various ways. For instance, we obtain the closed-form pricing formula once the probability distribution function of or is known, or compute it numerically by means of the Monte Carlo method. Alternatively, Upon certain restrictions, one can utilize the value of the European options to approximate the solution.
Pricing volatility swap with continuous-sampling
Regarding the argument of Carr and Lee (2009), in the case of the continuous- sampling realized volatility if we assume that the contract begins at time , is deterministic and is arbitrary (deterministic or a stochastic process) but independent of the price's movement i.e. there is no correlation between and , and denotes by the Black-Scholes formula for European call option written on with the strike price at time with expiry date , then by the auxilarity of the call option chosen to be at-the-money i.e. , the volatility strike can be approximated by the function
which is resulted from applying Taylor's series on the normal distribution parts of the Black-Scholes formula.
Analytically pricing volatility swap with discrete-sampling under time-dependent risk-free interest rate and constant volatility
Since the realized volatility is only observed discretely in time, one could find the continuous assumption not a good measure in practice, and so it is better off evaluates the value directly through the discrete sampling.
By taking this into account, Rujivan and Rakwongwan (2021) shows that in the case of discrete-sampling with time-dependent interest rate and some constant , if we define
and
for , where , together with the application of the noncentral chi random variable properties, the closed-from pricing formula for the fair volatility strike can be derived by the following function:
,
where
denotes a Laguerre function with parameter and fractional order and
is the gamma function.
In addition to the compactness and simplicity of this formula, it can also be used as an instrument to approximate the solution for a model with time-varying volatility, which is obtained in the form of a weighted solution of the functions in , with the weighted factors chosen to be associated with some deterministic approximator of the specified volatility process. However, the best attempt so far to approach the solution for this extended case is only through some numerical schemes or adopting other forms of approximate function, since there is currently no available closed-form pricing formula for it, making it remained to be discovered for those who interest in this research area.
See also
Variance swap
Volatility (finance)
Forward volatility
References
External links
Prepackaged Volatility Plays
Derivatives (finance)
Swaps (finance)
SirValiant Martin "Val" Brown (born December 21, 1980) is an American former professional basketball player. He played high school basketball at Robert E. Lee High School in Springfield, Virginia, and then signed for the George Washington Colonials in the NCAA Division I. During the 1999–2000 season, his freshman year, he was second in the nation in scoring with 24.6 points per game, behind Courtney Alexander of Fresno State, after leading the nation for part of the season. After his freshman year at George Washington, Brown was named Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Year and was an Honorable mention All-American. He left the college after his sophomore year in 2001 and declared for the NBA draft but went undrafted, and started his professional career in the NBA Development League. He has played in Uruguay, Puerto Rico, Canada and Germany throughout his 10-year career as a pro.
High school career
Brown was born in Washington, D.C. to Robbie and Marcella Brown. His father named him after Prince Valiant, one of the knights of King Arthur's Round Table, and named his other son SirLancelot after Lancelot, another of the Arthurian legend knights. Brown was known as "Val" during his high school years at Robert E. Lee High School in Springfield, Virginia, and in his freshman year he was cited as one of the most impactful players of the varsity team by local newspaper Fairfax Connection. At the end of his sophomore year, Brown averaged 19.9 points per game and was named an Honorable mention All-Met selection by the Washington Post as one of the best players in the Washington, D.C. area. For his junior year, Brown initially transferred to Mount Zion Christian Academy in Durham, North Carolina, but left in December 1997 after a brief period and spent the rest of the year at Notre Dame Academy in Middleburg, Virginia.
In the summer of 1998 Brown was invited to the ABCD Camp, a camp for the best high school players in the United States. For his senior year Brown returned at Robert E. Lee, and averaged 27 points, 5 assists and 3 steals per game, was an All-State selection by the Associated Press and was an Honorable mention All-Met selection for the second time in his career.
College career
Freshman season (1999–00)
Brown was recruited by Kentucky, UCLA and Xavier, among others; however, he had attracted the interest of Tom Penders after his assistant coach Rob Wright saw Brown play at Lee High School and started recruiting him since he was 15 years old. Brown himself cited his desire to play for Penders when he was coaching at Texas, and when Penders was hired by George Washington, Brown signed there in order to play for him.
Brown chose to wear jersey number 13 at George Washington; coach Penders was looking to replace Shawnta Rogers, a point guard who had won the Atlantic 10 Player of the Year award in his senior year, and granted Brown extensive playing time relying on him as the primary scoring option on the team. In his freshman year, Brown was a , shooting guard who also played the point guard position sometimes.
Brown made his debut on November 19, 1999 scoring 19 points against Indiana State, followed by an 18-point performance against Oklahoma; on his third game with the Colonials, on November 21 against Houston, Brown scored 31 points. He had two back-to-back 33-point performances against South Florida (November 27) and Ohio (November 30). He was named the BB&T Classic MVP after scoring a total of 50 points over two games (23 against Seton Hall and 27 against Maryland). On December 11, 1999 Brown posted a new Charles E. Smith Center scoring record with a career-high 42 points against Siena. By the end of December, Brown had been nominated Atlantic 10 Conference Rookie of the Week 4 times in 4 consecutive weeks, and articles about him appeared on several news outlets such as The Washington Post, ESPN.com, The Orlando Sentinel and Dayton Daily News. Brown was leading all freshmen in scoring, and was one of the nation's top scorers in the NCAA Division I. Coach Penders described him as an Allen Iverson-like player. On January 29, 2000 he had a season-high 8 assists against La Salle, and on February 2 he scored 36 points against Duquesne. He then scored 33 against Dayton on February 9, 30 on February 19 against Rhode Island, 35 against UMass on February 29, and ended his season with a 33-point performance again in a game with UMass.
At the end of the season, Brown was the nation's leading scorer among freshmen, and the second best scorer overall with 24.6 points per game behind Courtney Alexander's 24.8. He led his team in several categories, including scoring, free throw percentage, three pointers made, and minutes per game. He averaged 22.8 points over 16 Atlantic 10 conference games, and was named the Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Year and was part of the All-Atlantic 10 Second Team and All-Rookie Team. Associated Press named him an Honorable mention All-American.
Sophomore season (2000–01)
Brown decided to come back to George Washington for his sophomore season. He opened the season with 11 points against Texas A&M on November 18, 2000 followed by 32 points against Old Dominion. On December 2 he scored 32 points against St. John's, which was ranked the #19 team in the nation. He was named BB&T Classic MVP for the second year in a row, and again scored a total of 50 points (32 against St. John's and 18 against Maryland) in the competition. The one against St. John's was his only 30-point game of the season: after a 28-point performance against Richmond on December 9, he never scored more than 24 for the rest of his sophomore year. On January 6, 2001 Brown reached the 1,000 career points milestone against UMass, after 44 games. He had 25 double-figures games in his season, and in 12 of them he scored at least 20 points. On February 17 he scored 23 points against Dayton, and he ended the season with 24 points against Temple on March 9. In his second year at George Washington Brown played 31 games (26 starts), playing 31.2 minutes per game and scoring a total of 536 points (17.3 per game), which ranked him second on his team behind Chris Monroe. At the end of the season, Brown was named to the NABC All-District 4 Second Team.
In May 2001, Brown declared for the 2001 NBA draft as an early entrant, thus ending his collegiate career. He scored a total 1,274 points at George Washington, which ranked 19th in program's history at the time, and his 738 points established a single-season record for the Colonials. He also ranked second all-time for career scoring average with 20.9 behind Joe Holup's 21.4.
College statistics
|-
| align="left" | 1999–00
| align="left" | George Washington
| 30 || 28 || 36.8 || .332 || .264 || .810 || 3.3 || 2.1 || 1.5 || 0.1 || 24.6
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | George Washington
| 31 || 26 || 31.2 || .369 || .294 || .719 || 2.7 || 1.8 || 1.5 || 0.2 || 17.3
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" |
| 61 || 54 || 34.0 || .348 || .275 || .772 || 3.0 || 2.0 || 1.5 || 0.2 || 20.9
|-
Professional career
Brown decided to forgo his final two years of college eligibility, and declared himself eligible for the 2001 NBA draft. At the 2001 NBA Draft Combine, Brown was measured at without shoes, weighing , with a wingspan. During the Chicago pre-draft camp, Brown moved to the point guard position, after playing at shooting guard in college. During the draft, Brown was not selected by any of the NBA franchises. He then joined the Philadelphia 76ers for the 2001 Shaw's Pro Summer League in July. 76ers' coach Larry Brown did not give him much playing time, and decided not to play him for the final games of the tournament. After the summer league, Brown was not signed by the 76ers, and he joined the One World All-Stars, an exhibition team that toured the United States playing college teams.
In September 2002 Brown was allocated to the Roanoke Dazzle of the NBA Development League. He played 8 games during the 2002–03 National Basketball Development League season, averaging 3.5 points and 1.1 rebounds in 8.1 minutes of playing time; he shot 28.1% from the field (14.3% from three) and 66.7% from the free throw line. In September 2003, Brown signed with Trouville, a club of Montevideo in Uruguay which played in the Liga Uruguaya de Basketball. He stayed with the club until the early months of 2004. In November 2006, Brown was signed by the Quad City Riverhawks of the American Basketball Association. After playing for Gigantes de Carolina in Puerto Rico's Baloncesto Superior Nacional, Brown spent the 2007–08 season in the Continental Basketball Association, playing for the Butte Daredevils. In 12 games with the Daredevils, Brown averaged 4.8 points, 1.7 rebounds and 0.8 assists shooting 44.9% from the field (40% on three-pointers).
In November 2008 Brown joined Canadian team Halifax Rainmen of the Premier Basketball League; he was released in late January 2009 after averaging 7.1 points in 23 minutes per game over 7 league appearances. He then went back to Puerto Rico and played for Leones de Ponce, appearing in 2 games and averaging 1.5 points per game. He spent the 2010–11 season playing for MTV Wolfenbüttel in Germany.
References
External links
Career stats at ProBallers.com
Profile at RealGM.com
College stats at Sports-Reference.com
G League stats at Basketball-Reference.com
1980 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Uruguay
American men's basketball players
Baloncesto Superior Nacional players
Basketball players from Washington, D.C.
George Washington Colonials men's basketball players
Leones de Ponce basketball players
Point guards
Roanoke Dazzle players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
This list consists of college football players who forfeited remaining collegiate eligibility and were declared by the National Football League (NFL) as eligible to be selected in the 2016 NFL draft. This includes juniors and redshirt sophomores who completed high school at least three years prior to the draft. A player that meets these requirements can renounce his remaining NCAA eligibility and enter the draft. Players had until January 18, 2016, to declare their intention to forgo their remaining collegiate eligibility.
Complete list of players
The following players were granted special eligibility to enter the 2016 draft:
References
Early entrant references
Lists of National Football League Draft early entrants
Draft early entrants
NFL Draft early entrants
The 2013 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the Canadian women's national curling championship, was held from February 16 to 24 at the K-Rock Centre in Kingston, Ontario. It was the ninth time Ontario hosted the Tournament of Hearts. Ontario last hosted the Scotties in 2010 in Sault Ste. Marie.
In the final, Rachel Homan of Ontario defeated former Scotties champion Jennifer Jones with a score of 9–6 to claim her first Scotties title. Homan and her team went on to represent Canada at the 2013 World Women's Curling Championship in Riga, Latvia.
Event summary
In the fifty-third edition of the Canadian Women's Curling Championship, there was a mix of veterans and newer faces in the team rosters. The defending champion Heather Nedohin rink represented Team Canada, while 2007 world champion Kelly Scott and her rink from British Columbia and 2008 world champion Jennifer Jones and her team from Manitoba also made appearances. Two-time world champion Mary-Anne Arsenault and her team from Nova Scotia (including six-time Hearts champion Colleen Jones throwing second stones) made a notable appearance. 2005 Canadian Junior champion Andrea Crawford skipped her team from New Brunswick, and 11-time Territories champion Kerry Galusha skipped the Northwest Territories/Yukon team. Other teams included 2010 Olympic silver medalist Kristie Moore and her rink from Alberta, 2007 Canadian Junior Champion Stacie Devereaux from Newfoundland and Labrador, 2010 Canadian Junior Champion Rachel Homan and her rink from Ontario, 2001 World Junior Champion Suzanne Birt of Prince Edward Island and 1999 Ontario & 2005 Quebec champion Allison Ross representing Quebec. Only one skip made her Hearts debut, Jill Shumay of Saskatchewan.
Team Manitoba, skipped by Jennifer Jones, became the first team to go undefeated in round robin play since Linda Moore of British Columbia did so in 1985. Jones, who made her ninth consecutive Scotties appearance, also secured her ninth consecutive spot in the playoffs. She played Team Ontario, skipped by Rachel Homan, in the page 1 vs. 2 playoff game, but lost her first game in the tournament as Homan and her team defeated her with a score of 8–5. Team British Columbia, skipped by Kelly Scott, played Team Canada, skipped by Heather Nedohin, in the page 3 vs. 4 playoff game, but lost as Team Canada's strong play gave them an 8–4 win in 9 ends. Team Canada attempted to reach their second straight final, playing in the semifinal against Manitoba. Jones made up for her poor play in the page playoffs, securing an 8–5 win for a spot in the final. Team Canada was relegated to the bronze medal game, where Team Canada and Team British Columbia battled back and forth before a missed double takeout in the final end by Nedohin gave British Columbia the win, by a score of 10–8. Manitoba and Ontario faced off for the championship in the final. Manitoba found themselves in a three-point hole when Jones missed a crucial draw, but regained some momentum with a stolen point in the fourth end and a deuce in the sixth end to tie up the game. In the seventh end, a successful double takeout by Homan led to another three-point end for Ontario, and a missed triple takeout by Jones led to a steal of two points for Ontario. The game ended after Ontario ran Manitoba out of stones in the tenth end, giving Ontario its first Scotties title in sixteen years. The Homan rink also became the first ever Ottawa-based team to win either the Scotties or the Brier.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round robin results
All draw times listed in Eastern Time Zone (UTC-5).
Draw 1
Saturday, February 16, 2:00 pm
Draw 2
Saturday, February 16, 7:00 pm
Draw 3
Sunday, February 17, 9:00 am
Draw 4
Sunday, February 17, 2:00 pm
Draw 5
Sunday, February 17, 7:00 pm
Draw 6
Monday, February 18, 2:00 pm
Draw 7
Monday, February 18, 7:30 pm
Draw 8
Tuesday, February 19, 2:00 pm
Draw 9
Tuesday, February 19, 7:00 pm
*Sonnenberg spared for Moore in skipping Alberta for this game.
Draw 10
Wednesday, February 20, 2:00 pm
Draw 11
Wednesday, February 20, 7:00 pm
Draw 12
Thursday, February 21, 9:00 am
Draw 13
Thursday, February 21, 2:00 pm
Draw 14
Thursday, February 21, 7:30 pm
Draw 15
Friday, February 22, 9:00 am
Draw 16
Friday, February 22, 2:00 pm
Draw 17
Friday, February 22, 7:30 pm
Playoffs
3 vs. 4
Saturday, February 23, 2:00 pm
1 vs. 2
Saturday, February 23, 7:00 pm
Semifinal
Sunday, February 24, 9:00 am
Bronze medal game
Sunday, February 24, 2:00 pm
Final
Sunday, February 24, 7:00 pm
Statistics
Top 5 player percentages
Round robin only
Awards
The awards and all-star teams are as follows:
All-Star Teams
First Team
Skip: Jennifer Jones, Manitoba
Third: Kaitlyn Lawes, Manitoba
Second: Alison Kreviazuk, Ontario
Lead: Dawn Askin, Manitoba
Second Team
Skip: Rachel Homan, Ontario
Third: Jeanna Schraeder, British Columbia
Second: Jill Officer, Manitoba
Lead: Laine Peters, Canada
Marj Mitchell Sportsmanship Award
Sasha Carter, British Columbia
Joan Mead Builder Award
Andrew Klaver, Scotties Tournament of Hearts photographer
Sandra Schmirler Most Valuable Player Award
Lisa Weagle, Ontario lead
Shot of the Week Award
Rachel Homan, Ontario skip
References
External links
Sport in Kingston, Ontario
Curling in Ontario
Ontario
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
The following is a timeline of the presidency of Donald Trump during the second quarter of 2019, from April 1 to June 30, 2019. To navigate quarters, see timeline of the Donald Trump presidency.
Overview
Public opinion
Timeline
April 2019
May 2019
June 2019
See also
Presidential transition of Donald Trump
First 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency
List of executive actions by Donald Trump
List of presidential trips made by Donald Trump (international trips)
References
2019 Q2
Presidency of Donald Trump
April 2019 events in the United States
May 2019 events in the United States
June 2019 events in the United States
2019 timelines
Political timelines of the 2010s by year
Dr. William Starbuck Mayo (April 15, 1811 – November 22, 1895) was an American physician and author who created the fantasy worlds "Kaloola" and "Framazugda".
Early life
Mayo was born in Ogdensburg, New York on April 15, 1811. He was the son of Obed Mayo, a shipbuilder, and Elizabeth (née Starbuck) Mayo. On his father's side, he was descended from the Rev. John Mayo, the first minister of the North Church in Boston. On his mother's side, he was descended from the Nantucket whaling and merchant Starbuck family.
Career
Mayo attended an academy in Potsdam and after choosing a career in medicine, he studied under two local physicians before attending the College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York (today a part of Columbia University). After completing his medical studies in 1832, he practiced for a few years in Ogdensburg, but after due to ill health, he left America to take a tour of Spain and the Barbary Coast of North Africa. His subsequent work as an author was largely based on these travel experiences. Mayo returned to America, relocated his medical practice to New York City, and began to write professionally.
Personal life
In 1851, Mayo was married to Helen Cornelia (née Stuyvesant) Dudley Olmsted (1808–1890). By the time of their marriage, Helen was a widow of Henry Dudley and Francis Olmsted. She was the daughter of Nicholas William Stuyvesant (and a descendant of Peter Stuyvesant, the last Dutch Director-General of New Netherland) and the former Catherine Livingston Reade, a descendant of Gilbert Livingston and Robert Livingston the Elder, the first Lord of Livingston Manor. Helen and William had no children together.
He died in New York on November 22, 1895. His funeral was held at St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery in Manhattan.
Bibliography
Kaloolah, or, Journeyings to the Djébel Kumri: an autobiography of Jonathan Romer. New York, G. P. Putnam; London, D. Bogue, 1849.
Berber; or, The mountaineer of the Atlas. A tale of Morocco. New York : G. P. Putnam; [etc., etc.], 1850.
Romance dust from the historic placer. New York, G. P. Putnam; [etc., etc.] 1851.
Flood and field Philadelphia, W. P. Hazard, 1855.
To the Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy. [New York? : s.n., 1862]
Never again New York, G.P. Putnam & sons, 1873.
References
External links
Further reading
William Starbuck Mayo by Gerald C. Van Dusen Boston : Twayne Publishers, 1979.
1811 births
1895 deaths
American fantasy writers
19th-century American novelists
John Browne was an Irish Anglican priest in the late seventeenth century.
Browne was born in Kingsale and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was appointed Vicar choral of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin in 1682; and Archdeacon of Elphin in 1683. He died in 1700.
References
Irish Anglicans
Archdeacons of Elphin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
17th-century births
1700 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Monastery of San Girolamo in Campansi is a former convent located on Via Campansi #18 in the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy. The Baroque-style church still stands as an independent chapel; while the monastery has been converted to a nursing home (Casa di Riposo) for the elderly. There is a separate Monastery of San Girolamo on via San Girolamo, located in a different contrada of Siena.
History
Located in the northern peninsula of medieval Siena, the monastery was located adjacent to what would be called the Porta di Campansi. The monastery originated from a few women aligned with the Franciscan order in the late 13th to early 14th century. They obtained from the republic the donation of houses in this district, known for its abundance of prostitutes. However, only in 1420-1430 was a monastery building erected, and in 1473 the nuns obtained permission from Pope Sixtus IV to erect an oratory at the site. In 1575, the convent housed some 77 women seeking vocation. Only in 1613 did the monastery receive official recognition by Cardinal Metello Bichi. It soon became popular among the aristocratic classes to accommodate their women to the cloistered life. For example, Berenice, daughter of Agostino Chigi, took on the vows of a Poor Clares in 1683. The great-grandsons of Pope Alexander VII endowed the decoration of the structures.
Construction of the church began in 1683; the facade consists of three ground floor arches. The church was built perpendicular to the former oratory.
The convent was suppressed in 1808 during the Napoleonic occupation, but re-opened in 1816, only to undergo a final suppression in 1874. The property was ceded to a charitable communal office of the Ricovero di Mendicita (Recovery from Poverty). In 1889, it became an asylum for abandoned elders. The convent underwent numerous modifications over the last two centuries.
Artworks
The church contains a fresco attributed to the studio of Sano di Pietro (1460–70). The ceiling of the church has frescoes depicting the Glory of St Peter of Alcantara with the Virgin, St Francis, and Christ attributed to a Giulio Coralli and Niccolò Ricciolini. It is stated that some of the painting or designs were by Michelangelo and Girolamo di Benvenuto and Bartolomeo Neroni. It houses a painting of St Anne and the Madonna and Child with Saint Ursula and the Magdalen, attributed to Domenico Beccafumi.
A survey from the 1840s claim that the church contained paintings by a Pietro Locatelli, and the main altarpiece was a copy of Domenichino's Communion of St Jerome. Nearby on via del Pignattello are the remnant of the Monastery of the Convertite of Santa Maria della Grazie.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Siena
Monasteries in Tuscany
Baroque architecture in Tuscany
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1683
QuickPar is a computer program that creates parchives used as verification and recovery information for a file or group of files, and uses the recovery information, if available, to attempt to reconstruct the originals from the damaged files and the PAR volumes.
Designed for the Microsoft Windows operating system, in the past it was often used to recover damaged or missing files that have been downloaded through Usenet. QuickPar may also be used under Linux via Wine.
There are two main versions of PAR files: PAR and PAR2. The PAR2 file format lifts many of its previous restrictions. QuickPar is freeware but not open-source. It uses the Reed-Solomon error correction algorithm internally to create the error correcting information.
Abandonware
Though QuickPar works well, it is currently considered abandonware, since there have been no updates for it in years.
Replacement
Currently MultiPar is accepted as the software that replaces QuickPar. It is actively being developed by Yutaka Sawada.
64-bit versions
At present the command line version of QuickPar for Linux command line is available as a 64-bit version. None of the GUI versions available presently offer a 64-bit version.
References
External links
QuickPar tutorial referencing Usenet downloads
Data management
Adventist Health Feather River, also known as Feather River Hospital, is a 101-bed acute care hospital located in the town of Paradise, in Butte County, California, with a wide array of outpatient departments and services designed to meet the health care needs of Paradise, Magalia, and neighboring communities. It was severely damaged in the November 2018 Camp Fire and is currently closed.
History
In 1946, Dr. Merritt C. Horning envisioned building a “total health center” in Paradise, California. Dr. Horning shared this vision with three of his colleagues: Dr. Dean Hoiland, Dr. C.C. Landis and Dr. Glenn Blackwelder. These men, along with other community leaders, purchased from Paradise Irrigation District for the price of back taxes – $3,500. Within the next few years, additional acreage was acquired throughout several purchases, eventually totaling . Labor and building materials were largely acquired through donations and volunteers.
Construction was scheduled to begin in April 1948, however, at the time funding was not available to build surgical and obstetrical units. When applying to the State of California for an operating license, the hospital board learned that the hospital did not qualify for a license unless it had a surgical unit. Dr. Horning contacted a friend, the state director of public health, and soon a new hospital classification was created to accommodate the project. Within days, Feather River received a license to operate as an acute medical facility containing 18 beds and officially opened in 1950.
Feather River has experienced three “firsts” in their geographical region. It was the only hospital in the area to train nurse assistants; they pioneered the teen volunteer program of candystripers and handystripers, and the facility was the first public building in Butte County to prohibit smoking.
In 1952, a surgery unit was added and by the end of the decade, a new wing also had been completed. More space was soon needed, so in 1964 a new food service department and a physician's office building was added. Four years later, in 1968, the construction of a new 150-bed hospital was completed. This facility is located uphill from the original building which now houses the hospital's Health Center.
The hospital founders and trustees desired to ensure the facility's long-term mission as an Adventist health care center and so in 1960 they entrusted the hospital to the Northern California Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. On January 8, 1973, Feather River joined Adventist Health and became Adventist Health/Feather River Hospital. Feather River Hospital first closed in 2008, because of the Humboldt Fire. In 2017, the name was changed to Adventist Health Feather River.
On November 8, 2018, Adventist Health Feather River was partially destroyed by the Camp Fire. This fast moving wildfire propelled by high winds leveled a large portion of Paradise. This fire was the most destructive in California history.
2018 Camp Fire
Adventist Health Feather River was forced to evacuate after the fire jumped a road going to the hospital. Some people were trapped under Adventist Health Feather River in a tunnel until they could escape. Employees at Adventist Health Feather River evacuated 60 patients the morning of November 8, 2018. The patients were transported in ambulances, by helicopter and employee vehicles to Oroville Hospital, Enloe Medical Center, in Chico and Orchard Hospital, in Gridley that very day.
2018 aftermath
Surrounding hospitals stepped up to take care of the patients that would normally be going to Adventist Health Feather River, the largest business in Paradise, which will not reopen until 2020, forcing 1,300 employees to be laid off or to relocate their employments at other hospitals and clinics in the area. Some employees have left the state to find work. The buildings that survived the fire include the hospital, the cancer center, the emergency department, the maternity ward, the outpatient surgery center and one clinic. The buildings that were destroyed include offices, clinics, cardiology building, radiology building and maintenance building.
Recovery
In October 2019, people gathered together at Adventist Health Feather River after Senate Bill 156 was approved by the state legislature. This allows the emergency room to operate without a hospital–the first in the history of the state of California.
Services
The services of Adventist Health Feather River were: Behavioral medicine, treatment of cancer, cardiology, critical care medicine, diagnostic laboratory, emergency department, GI laboratory, home health, hospice, outpatient medical offices, home oxygen, medical imaging, obstetrics, rural health center, sleep medicine, surgery, and women's health.
In 1999, Feather River became the first hospital in Northern California to house an Endoscopy Suite complete with voice activated, hands free surgical equipment. It was one of only four hospitals in the region with an anticoagulation clinic, and funded a wide range of preventive treatment programs.
Awards
In 2018 Adventist Health Feather River won the Women's Choice Award and has also won four awards from Healthgrades.
See also
Feather River
References
External links
Nurse Describes Harrowing Hospital Evacuation of Patients During California Fires: 'We Had to Go' People
Inside the Fiery Furnace: A Chaplain's Harrowing Story of Survival in Paradise Time
Camp Fire: Nurse who helped evacuate patients recounts harrowing escape from wildfire CBS THIS MORNING
Camp Fire superhero doctor rescues patient from burning ambulance: 'I think you just do it' YAHOO! LIFESTYLE
When 'hell moved in,' a California nurse drove through fire to save lives The Washington Post
'I thought I was gonna die right there': Nurse's harrowing escape from California wildfire Abc News
Nurses fleeing fast-moving Camp Fire scramble to save patients-and themselves NBC NEWS
The Latest: Fire Captain Says Wildfire Destroys Calif. Town U.S. News
California wildfires: The day Paradise burned down BBC News
California wildfires: Nurse drives through deadly Paradise blaze to evacuate patients INDEPENDENT
Hospital buildings completed in 1950
Hospitals in California
Adventist Health
Buildings and structures in Butte County, California
Deportations of Korean adoptees from the United States are an uncommon phenomenon, but have been cause for controversy over many years. Due to the institutional and parental failure to grant and apply for adopted children's citizenship, South Koreans adopted by American families prior to 1983 were left vulnerable to deportations, and many suffered from a lack of access to other resources American citizens have.
Adoption laws in the United States
Traditionally, adoptions in the United States were finalized in the state of residence of the adoptive parents, but that system failed to recognize adoptions made abroad and not finalized in U.S. territory. Although states still hold exclusive authority over family law within their territory, the federal government, birth countries, and international law now play a role in the process of international adoption.
The Child Citizenship Act of 2000 also improved the legalization process for international adoptees. This act allowed adoptees who were under the age of 18 years at the time of the Act to get automatic United States citizenship, but those born prior to 1983 were left vulnerable to immigration laws since they were adults by the time of the Act.
The Adoptee Rights Campaign estimates that "112,000 Korean children were adopted by US citizens in the last 60 years. Out of these, 20% of adoptees who are now adults are living in the U.S. without citizenship, in danger of deportation.
Though previous adoption laws allowed many international adoptees to gain citizenship, there are still many who could not benefit because of the age restrictions, such as was the case for adoptees who were adults by the time the Child Citizenship Act of 2000 was put into action. However, there is now a petition for The Adoptee Citizenship Act of 2019 to help those adults who were left vulnerable to deportations. According to the Adoptees for Justice website, " The Adoptee Citizenship Act of 2019 will grant automatic citizenship to all qualifying international adoptees adopted by a U.S. citizen parent, regardless of the date the adoption was finalized or the entering visa." In addition, there are various city resolutions being considered to be sent to Congress. One of the Resolutions includes the Ryu Resolution for Adoptee Citizenship introduced to the Los Angeles City Council by Councilmember Ryu. This Resolution "would automatically grant citizenship to those adopted by U.S. citizens as children."
Deportation cases
Phillip Clay (Kim Sang-pil)
Phillip Clay was found abandoned in Seoul in 1981 and legally adopted into an American family in Philadelphia.
After a struggle with drug addiction and a run in with the law, Clay was deported back to Korea in 2012, despite no knowledge of the Korean language or customs, nor without a single contact in the country. Diagnosed in Korea with bipolar disorder, he was shuffled in and out of social agencies and hospitals who could not care for him due to a lack of English speaking staff. In 2017, Clay ended his life jumping from the 14th floor of a building in Seoul.
Adam Crapser
Adam Crapser was adopted from South Korea by United States citizens in 1979, then readopted by a second family years later. Both families were charged with child abuse, and Crapser was later left alone without United States citizenship. Crapser had run-ins with law, including 3 domestic violence incidents and a charge of contributing to the sexual delinquency of a minor, that led to him not being eligible for a green card after years of searching for his proper adoption documentation.
Crapser now lives in South Korea after being deported from the United States. He filed a lawsuit against one of the biggest international adoption agencies, Holt Children's Services, for negligence in sending thousands of children to the United States and other countries without "accounting for their future citizenship."
D
D was moved to the United States at the age of five through the now terminated Friends of Children of Various Nations adoption agency. After moving between multiple foster homes, D got involved in gang activity that led him to be deported to South Korea in 2002.
Monte Haines (Ho-kyu Han)
Born in 1970, Monte Haines was sent to Iowa in 1978. Abused by his adoptive parents, he was shuffled between foster homes for years before being adopted to a family that never secured his citizenship. He would serve honorably in the military and worked as a tattoo artist and a truck driver, claiming that his did not know his driving partner was smuggling drugs when he was arrested. Monte was deported in 2009 with $20 in his pocket and has been struggling to survive in Korea ever since.
Hong
Hong was among the thousands of Korean children adopted before 1983 and left without U.S. citizenship. He was sexually abused by his adoptive father and abandoned by his adoptive mother shortly after. Hong suffers from anxiety and depression due to these past events, and although he has residency in the United States, his adoptive parents never filed for citizenship. Hong wants to visit Korea, but he cannot apply for a U.S. passport.
Jessica Johnson
Jessica Johnson was adopted in 1974. Johnson's adoptive father does not recall any social worker seeing to Johnson's adoption in the first 6 months after the adoption took place. As a result, the "correct paperwork was never filed, and she was unable to find employment."
Hyebin Schreiber
Adopted by her uncle and aunt in Kansas, Hyebin Schreiber arrived in the US in 2014 at 15 years of age from relatives who could not afford to care for her. Her uncle, retired Army Lt. Col. Patrick Schreiber spent much of 2013 and 2014 deployed to Afghanistan, and was unaware that he would need to formally apply for naturalization prior to her 16th birthday to qualify. After a protracted court battle, the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in 2019 that she must return to Korea.
In popular culture
Blue Bayou, a film written and directed by Justin Chon, depicts a Korean-American man who was adopted by a white family and is at risk for deportation because his parents did not file for his citizenship. The movie is based on true stories about interracial adoption, which is related to the Child Citizenship Act of 2000.
References
Adoption in the United States
International adoption
Adoption in South Korea
Deportation from the United States
Yoot Tower (known in Japan as The Tower II) is a 1998 construction and management simulation computer game. It may be considered the spiritual successor to the 1994 game SimTower.
The lead designer, Yoot Saito, who also worked on SimTower, produced this game as a sequel to SimTower, adding several new features while retaining the same general interface and style. The game's premise is largely unchanged from its predecessor; players must build a profitable and unique tower block complete with various amenities and living accommodations, while balancing the needs of the occupants.
Gameplay
Using the provided starting funds, players must begin to build a tower from scratch. As in SimTower, offices and food courts can be built to generate income, as well as condos that can be sold to families. There are plenty of new facilities that can be placed such as rented apartments, vending machines and public restrooms for food court patrons. There are also many changes to existing items that featured in the original game, i.e. a notable difference between the shop item in Yoot Tower and the one originally in SimTower is that it no longer functions as a rented space where the player has no control over what the shop sells; rather the player is provided with different types of shop from the start from which the income they make is part of the player's earnings. Another interesting addition is the ability for players to build two or more towers next to each other and join them with sky bridges. Other income sources also exist, such as placing billboards outside and renting them out as advertisement space.
Also new to this game is the ability to choose where the building is built. What the player can do in these locations varies, such as how many stories high the building can be, what the player is actually allowed to build, and how much money the player starts off with. The variation gives each location its own difficulty level compared to the others.
Yoot Tower includes a non-invasive form of static in-game advertising. Users can place billboards for Apple Computer (in Mac version only) and Sega, whilst there are tenants featuring real-world stores like GameWorks, Orange Julius or Air Jamaica. Some updates include more real-world tenants and billboards. The Japanese version includes a Glico store.
The Tower II is a fully 32-bit program unlike SimTower which was 16-bit. It can even run on all 64-bit Windows operating systems. The Tower II also has a resizable window that can support very high resolutions (3200 x 2160).
Expansions
A new addition of the game is the ability to expand the game using plug-ins released for download which would add new features, such as new facilities (e.g. additional shops, restaurants, and services, ranging from a Glico store to a swimming pool), new events, billboards, and movies, as well as other aspects of gameplay. Inspection of the game's official website through web archives indicates that although the American version never got any true additions, the Japanese version got several updates, including new movies and locations. However, none of these appear to have survived when the official websites relating to the game and its developer OPeNBooK9003 went offline between the years 2001 and 2002. Through translations on the Japanese downloads page, an Austin Powers movie can be downloaded.
The original Tower II game came with Tokyo and Hawaii. The American version had Tokyo, Hawaii, and Kegon Falls. However, unlike in Japan, America did not get updates. In Japan, each expansion pack was sold under the Towerkit title.
Locations
Waikiki, Hawaii
The easiest of the three scenarios, Hawaii has users building a mixed-use structure featuring condominia and hotels. After building up those plus an underground shopping mall, users can place a cathedral on the top floor (the 45th).
Tokyo, Japan
The advanced Tokyo level has users building a fast-paced tower with primarily offices and eventually other uses as well. Users place a stadium on the top level.
Kegon Falls
In this scenario, the player is required to construct mostly underground, building a vast underground tourist attraction through hotels, shops, and a museum. This was initially sold in Japan as an expansion, but is included in Yoot Tower and later The Tower II releases.
Statue of Liberty
This expansion, was released in Japan in February 1999 under the name Towerkit CD-ROM: The Statue of Liberty. It was also originally meant to be available to download from the American official website, but the English version never materialized. The expansion is rare in Japan.
Tokyo Tower
In this game, player build below Tokyo Tower. Yoot Saito also indicated the Tower team was working on another location, "Tokyo Tower", but the addition was only released in Japan as Towerkit. This is not to be confused with the "Tokyo" location.
Kyoto Station Bldg.
The Kyoto Station was launched as a product based on the Gamera 3: Awakening of Irys movie. This version was sold as Towerkit, or bundled with the base The Tower II game.
King Naniwa Building Legend
In this add-on, player built around Tsutenkaku.
This version was sold as Towerkit, or bundled with the base The Tower II game.
Christmas Story
In this add-on, officially titled The Tower II - Christmas Story ～サンタクロースになれる聖夜～, the player constructs a log building and collects Christmas-themed items whilst Santa can be spotted walking around.
This version was sold as Towerkit and the rarest and most obscure of the released items.
Cancelled releases
Lunar base
Luxury cruise ship
Hokkaidō
Reception
The game was dismissed by some game review websites and magazines as being too much a rehash of the original SimTower. Many wrote the game off as being basically identical to its predecessor. Due to the average reviews and spotty distribution, the game was largely ignored by the mainstream gaming public after release, possibly contributing to its poor sales. This in turn is the most likely reason why none of the new locations or expansion plug-ins were ever localized for the English version. It sold well in Japan, however, and received several new plug-ins. Another criticism was that some in-game text was not localized effectively. This resulted in some minor text errors and unfamiliar items to American audiences (such as placing cigarette machines commonly).
References
External links
The Tower II homepage (Japanese)
Archived support website, contains patches to the game. (Japanese)
1998 video games
Business simulation games
Classic macOS games
Sega video games
Video games with expansion packs
Windows games
Video games developed in Japan
Chenar (, also Romanized as Chenār; also known as Chenaroo'eyeh and Chinār) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 34 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Marco Artunghi (born 12 July 1969) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in four editions of the Tour de France, two editions of the Giro d'Italia and one edition of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Brescia
People from Chiari, Lombardy
Italian Folktales (Fiabe italiane) is a collection of 200 Italian folktales published in 1956 by Italo Calvino. Calvino began the project in 1954, influenced by Vladimir Propp's Morphology of the Folktale; his intention was to emulate the Straparola in producing a popular collection of Italian fairy tales for the general reader. He did not compile tales from listeners, but made extensive use of the existing work of folklorists; he noted the source of each individual tale, but warned that was merely the version he used.
He included extensive notes on his alterations to make the tales more readable and the logic of his selections, such as renaming the heroine of The Little Girl Sold with the Pears Perina rather than Margheritina to connect to the pears, and selecting Bella Venezia as the Italian variant of Snow White because it featured robbers, rather than the variants containing dwarfs, which he suspected were imported from Germany.
It was first translated into English in 1962; a further translation is by Sylvia Mulcahy (Dent, 1975) and constituted the first comprehensive collection of Italian folktales.<ref>Terri Windling, "</ref>
List of tales
Dauntless Little John (Giovannin senza paura; Fearless Giovannino [Johnny''])
The Man Wreathed in Seaweed (Riviera di Ponente) (L'uomo verde d'alghe; The man's green algae)
The Ship with Three Decks (Riviera di Ponente (Il bastimento a tre piani)
The Man Who Came Out Only at Night (Riviera di Ponente) (L'uomo che usciva solo di notte)
And Seven! (Riviera di Ponente) (E Sette!)
Body-without-Soul (Riviera di Ponente) (Corpo-senza-anima)
Money Can Do Everything (Genoa) (Il denaro fa tutto)
The Little Shepherd (Genoese hinterland) (Il pastore che non cresceva mai)
Silver Nose (Langhe) (Naso d'argento)
The Count's Beard (Bra)
The Little Girl Sold with the Pears (Montferrat)
The Snake (Montferrat)
The Three Castles (Montferrat)
The Prince Who Married a Frog (Montferrat)
The Parrot (Montferrat) (Il pappagallo)
The Twelve Oxen (Montferrat) (I dodici buoi)
Crack and Crook (Montferrat)
The Canary Prince (Turin)
King Crin (Colline del Po)
Those Stubborn Souls, the Biellese (Province of Biella)
The Pot of Marjoram (Milan)
The Billiards Player (Milan)
Animal Speech (Mantua)
The Three Cottages (Mantua)
The Peasant Astrologer (Mantua)
The Wolf and the Three Girls (Lake Garda)
The Land Where One Never Dies (Verona)
The Devotee of St. Joseph (Verona)
The Three Crones (Venice)
The Crab Prince (Venice)
Silent for Seven Years (Venice)
The Dead Man's Palace (Venice)
Pome and Peel (Venice)
The Cloven Youth (Venice)
Invisible Grandfather (Venice)
The King of Denmark's Son (Venice)
Petie Pete Versus Witch Bea-Witch (Friuli)
Quack, Quack! Stick to My Back! (Friuli)
The Happy Man's Shirt (Friuli)
One Night in Paradise (Friuli)
Jesus and St. Peter in Friuli (Friuli)
The Magic Ring (Trentino)
The Dead Man's Arm (Trentino)
The Science of Laziness (Trieste)
Fair Brow (Istria)
The Stolen Crown (Dalmatia)
The King's Daughter Who Could Never Get Enough Figs (Rome)
The Three Dogs (Romagna)
Uncle Wolf (Romagna)
Giricoccola (Bologna)
Tabagnino the Hunchback (Bologna)
The King of the Animals (Bologna)
The Devil's Breeches (Bologna)
Dear as Salt (Bologna)
The Queen of the Three Mountains of Gold (Bologna)
Lose Your Temper, and You Lose Your Bet (Bologna)
The Feathered Ogre (Garfagnana estense)
The Dragon with Seven Heads (Montale)
Bellinda and the Monster (Montale)
The Shepherd at Court (Montale)
The Sleeping Queen (Montale)
The Son of the Merchant from Milan (Montale)
Monkey Palace (Montale)
Rosina in the Oven (Montale)
The Salamanna Grapes (Montale)
The Enchanted Palace (Montale)
Buffalo Head (Montale)
The King of Portugal's Son (Montale)
Fanta-Ghiro the Beautiful (Montale)
The Old Woman's Hide (Montale)
Olive (Montale)
Catherine, Sly Country Lass (Montale)
The Traveler from Turin (Montale)
The Daughter of the Sun (Pisa) (La figlia del Sole)
The Dragon and the Enchanted Filly (Pisa) (Il Drago e la cavallina fatata)
The Florentine (Pisa) (Il Fiorentino)
Ill-Fated Royalty (Pisa) (I Reali sfortunati)
The Golden Ball (Pisa) ()
Fioravante and Beautiful Isolina (Pisa) (Fioravante e la bella Isolina)
Fearless Simpleton (Livorno) (Lo sciocco senza paura)
The Milkmaid Queen (Livorno) (La lattaia regina)
The Story of Campriano (Province of Lucca) (La storia di Campriano)
The North Wind's Gift (Mugello) (Il regalo del vento tramontano)
The Sorceress's Head (Val d'Arno Superiore) (La testa della Maga)
Apple Girl (Firenze) (La ragazza mela)
Prezzemolina (Firenze)
The Fine Greenbird (Firenze) (L'Uccel bel-verde)
The King in the Basket (Firenze)
The One-Handed Murderer (Firenze)
The Two Hunchbacks (Firenze)
Pete and the Ox (Firenze)
The King of the Peacocks (Siena)
The Palace of the Doomed Queen (Siena)
The Little Geese (Siena)
Water in the Basket (Marche)
Fourteen (Marche)
Jack Strong, Slayer of Five Hundred (Marche)
Crystal Rooster (Marche)
A Boat for Land and Water (Rome)
The Neapolitan Soldier (Rome)
Belmiele and Belsole (Rome)
The Haughty Prince (Rome)
Wooden Maria (Rome)
Louse Hide
Cicco Petrillo (Rome)
Nero and Bertha (Rome)
The Love of the Three Pomegranates (Abruzzo)
Joseph Ciufolo, Tiller-Flutist (Abruzzo)
Bella Venezia (Abruzzo)
The Mangy One (Abruzzo)
The Wildwood King (Abruzzo)
Mandorlinfiore (Abruzzo)
The Three Blind Queens (Abruzzo)
Hunchback Wryneck Hobbler (Abruzzo)
One-Eye (Abruzzo)
The False Grandmother (Abruzzo)
Frankie-Boy's Trade (Abruzzo)
Shining Fish (Abruzzo)
Miss North Wind and Mr. Zephyr (Molise)
The Palace Mouse and the Garden Mouse (Molise)
The Moor's Bones (Benevento)
The Chicken Laundress (Irpinia)
Crack, Crook, and Hook (Irpinia)
First Sword and Last Broom (Napoli)
Mrs. Fox and Mr. Wolf (Napoli)
The Five Scapegraces (Terra d'Otranto)
Ari-Ari, Donkey, Donkey, Money, Money! (Terra d'Otranto)
The School of Salamanca (Terra d'Otranto)
The Tale of the Cats (Terra d'Otranto)
Chick (Terra d'Otranto)
The Slave Mother (Terra d'Otranto)
The Sire Wife (Taranto)
The Princesses Wed to the First Passer-By (Basilicata)
Liombruno (Basilicata)
Cannelora (Basilicata)
Filo d'Oro and Filomena (Basilicata)
The Thirteen Bandits (Basilicata)
The Three Orphans (Calabria)
Sleeping Beauty and Her Children (Calabria)
The Handmade King (Calabria)
The Turkey Hen (Calabria)
The Three Chicory Gatherers (Calabria)
Beauty-with-the-Seven-Dresses (Calabria)
Serpent King (Calabria)
The Widow and the Brigand (Greci di Calabria)
The Crab with the Golden Eggs (Greci di Calabria)
Nick Fish
Grattula-Beddattula
Misfortune
Pippina the Serpent
Catherine the Wise
The Ismailian Merchant
The Thieving Dove
Dealer in Peas and Beans
The Sultan with the Itch
The Wife Who Lived on Wind
Wormwood
The King of Spain and the English Milord
The Bejeweled Boot
The Left-Hand Squire
Rosemary
Lame Devil
Three Tales by Three Sons of Three Merchants
The Dove Girl
Jesus and St. Peter in Sicily
The Barber's Timepiece
The Count's Sister
Master Francesco Sit-Down-and-Eat
The Marriage of Queen and a Bandit
The Seven Lamb Heads
The Two Sea Merchants
Out in the World
A Boat Loaded with…
The King's Son in the Henhouse
The Mincing Princess
The Great Narbone
Animal Talk and the Nosy Wife
The Calf with the Golden Horns
The Captain and the General
The Peacock Feather
The Garden Witch
The Mouse with the Long Tail
The Two Cousins
The Two Muleteers
Giovannuzza the Fox
The Child that Fed the Crucifix
Steward Truth
The Foppish King
The Princess with the Horns
Giufa
Fra Ignazio
Solomon's Advice
The Man Who Robbed the Robbers
The Lions' Grass
The Convent of Nuns and the Monastery of Monks
The Male Fern
St. Anthony's Gift
March and the Shepherd (Marzo e il Pastore)
John Balento
Jump into My Sack
References
General
Chronology of Calvino's works
Stories within Italian Folktales
Jesse Haw (born 1971) is an American politician and businessman from Nevada. A Republican, Haw served in the Nevada Senate in 2016.
Haw's family moved to Nevada when he was five years old. He graduated from Edward C. Reed High School in Sparks, Nevada. Haw enrolled at Arizona State University, and transferred to the University of Nevada, Reno, when his father fell ill and retired from the family business, Hawco Properties.
In 2016, Governor Brian Sandoval called a special session of the Nevada Legislature to debate providing public financing for a stadium in Las Vegas for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League. The county commission for Washoe County interviewed candidates to fill empty seats in the legislature prior to the session. The commission appointed Haw to the Nevada Senate for District 15. He was succeeded in office by Heidi Gansert.
Haw ran for secretary of state of Nevada in the 2022 elections, seeking to succeed Barbara Cegavske, who was ineligble to run due to term limits. He received 18% of the vote in the primary election, losing the nomination to Jim Marchant, who received 38% of the vote.
References
External links
Living people
1971 births
People from Sparks, Nevada
Nevada Republicans
Nevada state senators
University of Nevada, Reno alumni
The 2010 Saudi Crown Prince Cup Final was the 35th final of the Crown Prince Cup. It took place on 19 February 2010 at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and was contested between Al-Ahli and Al-Hilal. It was Al-Ahli's 11th Crown Prince Cup final and Al-Hilal's 10th final. This was the third meeting between these two clubs in the final. It was Al-Ahli's first final since 2007 and Al-Hilal's third final in a row.
Al-Hilal won the match 2–1 to claim their ninth Crown Prince Cup title and third one in a row.
Teams
Venue
The King Fahd International Stadium was announced as the host of the final venue. This was the tenth Crown Prince Cup final hosted in the King Fahd International Stadium following those in 1992, 1994, 1998, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2009.
The King Fahd International Stadium was built in 1982 and was opened in 1987. The stadium was used as a venue for the 1992, 1995, and the 1997 editions of the FIFA Confederations Cup. Its current capacity is 68,752 and it is used by the Saudi Arabia national football team, Al-Nassr, Al-Shabab, and major domestic matches.
Background
Al-Ahli reached their eleventh final, after a defeating Al-Shabab 3–1 on penalties. They reached their first final since 2007 when they won the tournament after defeating Al-Ittihad 2–1.
Al-Hilal reached their tenth final after a 2–1 win against Najran. This was Al-Hilal's third final in a row.
This was the third meeting between these two sides in the Crown Prince Cup final. Al-Hilal won twice in 2003 and 2006. The two teams played each other three times in the season prior to the final with Al-Hilal winning all 3 matches. Twice in the League, 2–1 and 3–1, and once in the Federation Cup semi-final, 4–3.
Road to the final
Key: (H) = Home; (A) = Away
Match
Details
See also
2009–10 Saudi Crown Prince Cup
2009–10 Saudi Professional League
2010 King Cup of Champions
References
External links
Sports competitions in Saudi Arabia
February 2010 sports events in Asia
Al-Ahli Saudi FC matches
Al Hilal SFC matches
The Tornado is a water slide manufactured by ProSlide Technology. It requires riders to sit in a 2-6 seater round tube. Riders drop from inside a tunnel out into the ride's main element shaped like a funnel on its side. Riders oscillate from one side to the other until they exit through the back of the funnel and into a splash pool. Many of the slides feature a conveyor belt to bring the rafts to the top. On April 13, 2012 it was announced the first six-person Tornado would be built using Hydromagnetic technology.
Installations
The first Tornado slides opened at Mountain Creek Waterpark, Six Flags Hurricane Harbor: New England and Splashin' Safari in 2003. To this date, ProSlide has installed 97 Tornados.
Awards
Zinga, Splashin' Safari, Best Waterpark Ride, 2003
Super Tornado, Chimelong Paradise, International Best New Waterpark Ride, 2006
Tornado slides have occasionally ranked in the Top 5 Waterpark Rides such as Zinga at Splashin' Safari
Several other Tornado slides have ranked in the Top 5 New Waterpark Rides such as Funnel of Fear at WildWater Adventure
References
External links
Official Tornado page
Tornado
Cheryll Boren Heinze (October 30, 1946 – July 10, 2012) was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 2003 to 2005. She comes from the Boren family of Oklahoma and Texas; she was first cousin to both Hoyt Axton and David Boren. She was an artist outside politics.
Heinze died on July 10, 2012, when the Cessna 206 she and four other people were traveling in flipped upon landing in Beluga Lake, near Homer Airport.
References
Notes
External links
Cheryll Heinze at 100 Years of Alaska's Legislature
1946 births
2012 deaths
Accidental deaths in Alaska
Alaska Pacific University alumni
Alaska Republicans
Artists from Alaska
Businesspeople from Alaska
Members of the Alaska House of Representatives
People from Wewoka, Oklahoma
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 2012
Women state legislators in Alaska
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Politicians from Anchorage, Alaska
James William Emery Townsend (1838-1900), more commonly known as Lying Jim, was the original of Bret Harte's “Truthful James,” the source of Mark Twain's Jumping Frog story, and much more. Some scholars say Townsend “was one of the most talented and notorious liars of the Comstock....” He was a member of the Sagebrush School of writers.
Some “Townsendisms”
Mill Creek is so crooked in one place that it is difficult to cross it. We waded
it half a dozen times the other day and came out on the same side every time.
The Waters of Mono Lake are so buoyant that the bottom has to be bolted
down, and boys paddle about on granite boulders.
Wild onions are plentiful hereabouts, and eaters thereof smell like the back
door of a puppy's nest.
“When thieves fall out honest men get their dues.” But when honest men fall
out lawyers get their fees.
The editor of the Pioche Record says “Mrs. Page's milk is delicious.” We shall
soon hear that her husband has weaned him with a club. He knows too much.
Carson Daily Index (Carson City, Nevada)
January 26, 1887
“Mind Your P's.
Persons who patronize a paper should pay promptly, for the pecuniary prospects of the press possesses a peculiar power in pushing forward public prosperity. If the printer is paid promptly and his pocket book kept plethoric by prompt-paying patrons, the puts his pen to his paper in peace; he paints his pictures of passing events in more pleasing colors, and the perusal of his paper is a pleasure to the people. Paste this piece of proverbial philosophy where all persons can perceive it.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
August 28, 1880
“Jim Townsend went to Aurora a few days ago. In consequence the saloon keepers of that burg have ordered fresh stocks of liquors and the inhabitants have imbibed a habit of holding up their hands to their ears with a pitiful gesture whenever anybody addressed them.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
October 9, 1880
“A Fishy Feat.
Jim Townsend's readiness for any sort of emergency is well known. The way he grappled with one the other day was a caution. Jim Slack, the “Lone Fisherman,” carried him a three pound trout. Jim had four men at work on an arastra, and each one was clamorous for a piece. Jim counted noses and found that if he divided with all, his share would be small. His course was decided upon without a moment's hesitation. He sat down and ate the whole fish.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
January 29, 1881
Under column “Town Improvements”
“The Index office will soon be graced with an L, as we need room in which to store unpaid bills.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
February 5, 1881
“Don't steal The Index from subscribers. If you are too mean or too poor to buy it, come to the office and get a copy.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
February 12, 1881
“The Index is aderned sight better paper than some of you deserve.”
Homer Mining Index (Lundy, California)
February 26, 1881
“Washington's Birthday. The anniversary of Washington's birthday was royally celebrated in this canyon. Patriotism cropped out exuberantly, and manifested itself so heartily that the full-blooded American bubbled over with national pride and looked on with a watery eye - frequently so watery that he couldn't see the road. The celebration was inaugurated early in the day by a go-as-you-please procession from one saloon to another, the man who had the most money acting as Grand Marshal. By dark the crowds were ready to celebrate the birthday of anybody who would put up for whisky. Though knives and pistols were plentifully displayed, very few deaths occurred, and these only when a gun went off accidentally while the celebrants were running each other around stoves and such obstructions as a man could dodge behind. Taken as a whole, the day was one which should be forgotten as soon as possible.”
References
American storytellers
1838 births
1900 deaths
Sagebrush School
19th-century American musicians
Víkingavatn () is a shallow lake situated in the north of Iceland, between Húsavík and Ásbyrgi.
Lake Vikingavatn is also called Little Lake Myvatn because of the abundance of nesting duck species and other birds.
Vikingavatn has an area of 2,4 km². It is only 4 m above sea level.
Vikingavatn was an estate in the past and originally owned by a farmer by the name "Vikingur".
References
Lakes of Iceland
North Iceland
Voivozi Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Popeşti, Bihor County with estimated coal reserves of 3.9 million tonnes. The legal entity managing the Voivozi mine is the Ploieşti National Coal Company which was set up in 1957.
References
Coal mines in Romania
Fanefjord Church (Fanefjord kirke) is on the Danish island of Møn. It is located in an open setting overlooking the Baltic Sea inlet of Fanefjord between Store Damme and Hårbølle. Standing on the top of a small hill, the church's red-tiled roof and whitewashed walls can be seen from considerable distances, whatever the direction. The interior is of particular historical interest, in view of the many frescos dating back to the 13th and 16th centuries and Fanefjord Church is considered the most famous attraction on Møn.
History
The site itself is of considerable historic interest. A few hundred meters to the south of the church there is a particularly long barrow, Grønsalen, the supposed burial ground of queen Fane and her husband king Grøn Jæger who according to local folklore, lived some 4,000 years ago.
The church's original 7 m high nave dates back to the second half of the 13th century. The cross vaults in the nave were added around 1300. In about 1500, the porch and tower were completed and the choir was built around 1660.
In 1825, the church was bought by the Klintholm Estate which maintained ownership for almost 100 years.
It may appear surprising that such a large church was built at a time (ca. 1250 AD) when the parish only had about 300 inhabitants. One explanation may be that there was considerable trade through the fjord with ports of the Hanseatic League. The traders may well have contributed to the construction, both financially and by helping with the construction.</ref>
Frescos
For many generations, Fanefjord's Church frescos were hidden under a covering of plaster. After frescos had been discovered at the end of the 19th century in Møn's Elmelunde Church, those in Fanefjord were painstakingly uncovered from 1932 to 1934 under the guidance of the National Museum. In 2009, major restoration work was completed on the frescos, revealing their original colours and impact.
The earliest frescos, on the triumphal arch, were painted around 1350. They depict the four evangelists, as well as St Christopher and St George. The most famous frescos are however those dating back to about 1500 which cover large areas of the church's ceiling and upper walls. In the so-called Biblia pauperum style, they present many of the most popular stories from the Old and New Testaments.
Elmelunde Master
The artist, who can be identified by the emblem he included in the decorations, is known simply as the Elmelunde Master (Elmelundemesteren), as it was he and his team who also painted the frescos in Elmelunde Church as well as Keldby Church. It is probable that there were several artists in the Elmelunde workshop who collaborated in decorating churches in the area as other emblems and various in style have been observed.
The warm colours ranging from dark red and russet to yellow, green, grey and black are distinctive. Another typical feature is the expressionless faces of the sleepy-eyed people, turned to the left or right while their bodies face the front. All the images, including the surrounding stonework, are decorated with ornaments such as stars, plants and trees. The images themselves appear to have been inspired partly from block-prints from a Dutch or German Biblia Pauperum, a book containing some 40 pages of drawings depicting stories from the Bible.
Other sources probably included the Bible itself, legends, apocryphal writings and other illustrations. Initially, the wall paintings appear to have covered the entire church including the lower parts of the walls which are now whitewashed. Traces of work in these areas have been found but the images were not sufficiently clear to warrant restoration.
Other features
The church contains a number of other interesting features:
The choir
The choir, which was renovated in the 17th century in a different, but compatible style, consists of an impressive altarpiece, the original candlesticks and a new altar.
The pulpit
The ornate pulpit is from about 1645 and bears King Christian IV's emblem. Among the carved figures are Christ, Jacob, St Peter and one of the apostles.
The organ
A new organ built by Frobenius & Sønner with 10 stops, two keyboards and a pedalboard, was installed in 1998.
Graveyard
Notable people buried in the graveyard include:
Johan Paludan (1756-1821), author, journalist, editor and priest
Bent Barfoed (1920-2007), film director, film producer and animator
Eva Gredal (1927-1995), politician
Henning Christiansen (1932-2008), composer and professor and artist
Kaj Otto Gredal (1925-1992), civil servant
Gallery
See also
Church frescos in Denmark
Keldby Church
References
Other solurces
Pastor Helge Buus: Fanefjord Kirke, Fanefjord menighedsråd, Askeby, 1978, Fanefjord menighedsråd, 19 p.
Birgit Als Hansen: De Mønske Kirker, Møns Turistforening, Stege, 1967, 11 p. (translated 1976 as The churches of Møn)
Annett Scavenius: Elmelundemestern i Fanefjord Kirke, Forlaget Vandkunsten, 2010, 121 p. .
External links
History of Fanefjord Church from the parish website. Retrieved 5 August 2009.
Local History pages of the Fanefjord Sogns Grundejer- & Beboerforening (in Danish). Retrieved 30 July 2007.
Elmelundemesteren from the Insula Moenia site. Retrieved 1 August 2007.
Churches in Vordingborg Municipality
Churches in the Diocese of Roskilde
13th-century churches in Denmark
Fresco paintings in Denmark
Church frescos in Denmark
Møn
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
The Left Field Lounge is the area beyond the outfield fence in Dudy Noble Field, Polk-DeMent Stadium at Mississippi State University. It has been named the "#1 place to watch college baseball", and among the "100 things you gotta do before you graduate" by Sports Illustrated.
The author John Grisham, alumnus of Mississippi State and fan of MSU college baseball wrote an introduction about his time at MSU and in the Left Field Lounge in his book Inside Dudy Noble: A Celebration of Mississippi State Baseball, he.
The Left Field Lounge started in the 1960s with fans driving cars and trucks into the area to watch a game. Russ Rogers, a Starkville native, was the first to drive a pickup in to the left field and set up shop. In the late 1960s, fans started bringing grills, tables, and ice chests full of drinks for a full tailgate party experience. At that time, fans would drive in before the game to set up their tailgates, and then take it all down after the game and drive back out. As the area became more popular, a line would form to get in before the game, the area would fill up, and some would be turned away. In a 2003 article by a Mississippi State alumnus: In the early 1970s one truck driven to the Left Field Lounge would not start and was unable to leave after the game was over, so the owners just left the truck there. For the next game, the truck was still there, creating what was essentially a reserved spot. Other fans picked up on this idea and brought in trucks and grills with the intention of leaving them there. Some trucks that were no longer functional were towed into a spot. To allow more fans to share a space, home-built seats and bleachers were built in the beds of some of the trucks. Later, motorhomes and flatbed trailers were brought in with more elaborate and sturdy bleachers. Eventually, the university established rules for the spots in Left Field Lounge. Spaces were rented for the season, and after all of the spaces were filled, those not receiving a space were placed on a waiting list. The trucks/trailers/motorhomes had been on wheels, brought in by a certain day before the season started, and removed after the season ended.
NCAA Record Attendance
SEC weekend games typically draw the largest crowds, giving rise to large weekend gatherings. Mississippi State holds the NCAA record for the largest single-game on-campus baseball attendance at 15,586 and the largest SEC crowd for a 3-game weekend series at 29,915. In 2007 versus the Clemson Tigers, MSU had the NCAA's top two all-time highest attended Super Regional games with 12,620 and 13,715 fans.
Mississippi State has all of the top 11 on-campus crowds in the history of college baseball. Overall, DNF-PDS has held 15 crowds over 12,000 and 31 crowds over 10,000.
Top Baseball Crowds at DNF-PDS
References
External links
LeftFieldLounge.com
Left Field Lounge Tradition
Left Field Lounge represents the best of MSU
Baseball venues in Mississippi
Buildings and structures in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi
Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball
1960s establishments in Mississippi
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1969 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Venta won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Epichloë elymi is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic and seed-transmissible grass symbiont first described in 1999, Epichloë elymi is a sister lineage to Epichloë bromicola.
Epichloë elymi is found in North America, where it has been identified in the grass species Bromus kalmii and Elymus spp., including E. patula, and as shown in the picture, E. virginicus.
References
elymi
Fungi described in 1999
Fungi of North America
Hollingsworth Glacier () is a broad glacier of low gradient, draining the vicinity east of the Ricker Hills and flowing northeast to enter David Glacier just east of the Trio Nunataks, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It lies partly within the Ross Dependency. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Jerry L. Hollingsworth, a meteorologist with the South Pole Station winter party in 1966.
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Khairi is a small village in the Hisar district under the Uklanamandi constituency in Haryana, India. It is to the west of the Uklana Mandi.
Khairi was a part of the Pabra village. Khairi, Pabra, Kandul, Kinala & Faridpur are collectively called 'Panchgrami' & they are KUNDU clan majority villages. In 1805, Khairi separated from the Pabra village and became its own entity. Although the main source of employment remains agriculture, there is a good number working in the service sector (teachers, doctors, engineers) and other private sector jobs. Some people run sole proprietorship businesses like grocery shops. The literacy rate is almost 80% in the village. Population of Khairi is about 4000 & sex ratio is 950/1000.
After partition in 1947, Muslim Rajputs (Muhammad Usman s/o Abdul Rasheed with his wife Hakimman and sons Jumshid Ali (late), Karaamat Ali(late), Sodager Ali and moujdin(late))) migrated to Mahni sial, tehsil kabirwala, District Khanewal, Punjab, Pakistan. They have all the facilities such as electricity (1976), natural gas, and two Govt high schools - one for boys and other for girls.
The Gram panchayat has restricted resources, therefore infrastructure development is minimal.
Shanti devi high school, Sun rise Sr sec school and Baba bilasgar public are private schools in Khairi. .
References
Villages in Hisar district
The 138th (Lincoln and Leicester) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in the First World War with the 46th (North Midland) Division. The brigade again saw active service in the Second World War, with the 46th Infantry Division.
Formation
The brigade was first raised as the Lincoln and Leicester Brigade in 1908 when the Territorial Force was created, by the merger of the Yeomanry and the Volunteer Force. The brigade was assigned to the North Midland Division (one of fourteen of the peacetime Territorials) and consisted of two Volunteer battalions, the 4th and 5th, of the Lincolnshire Regiment and two, the 4th and 5th, of the Leicestershire Regiment.
First World War
After the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, most of the men volunteered for Imperial Service and, with the rest of the North Midland Division, trained in Luton for overseas service. In late February 1915 the division began landing in France and was the first complete Territorial division to arrive on the Western Front to reinforce the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) (individual units had been sent throughout the winter of 1914 and early spring of 1915).
On 12 May 1915 the division was numbered the 46th (North Midland) Division the brigade was numbered the 138th (1/1st Lincoln and Leicester) Brigade. The battalions also adopted the '1/' prefix (1/5th Lincolns) to distinguish them from their 2nd Line duplicates training in the United Kingdom as 177th (2/1st Lincoln and Leicester) Brigade, part of 59th (2nd North Midland) Division, which consisted of the men of the brigade and division who had not volunteered for overseas service, together with the many recruits who came flooding in.
The brigade saw service with the 46th Division on the Western Front in France and Belgium for the rest of the war, aside from a few weeks in Egypt, fighting at the Hohenzollern Redoubt in October 1915 after the failure of the Battle of Loos. After this, the division was ordered to Egypt and landed there on 13 January 1916. However, soon after the division was ordered to move back to France.
The brigade and division, alongside 56th (1/1st London) Division, later fought at Gommecourt on 1 July 1916, the first day on the Somme, as a diversion for the Somme offensive being launched a few miles south. The attack was a failure and served only to gain the 46th Division a poor reputation until late September 1918 when, during the Hundred Days Offensive, it re-established its name during the Battle of St. Quentin Canal. During the same month Lieutenant John Cridlan Barrett of the 1/5th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment was awarded the Victoria Cross. By the time of the Armistice with Germany the division was at Sains-du-Nord.
Order of battle
138th (Lincoln and Leicester) Brigade had the following composition during the war:
1/4th Battalion, Lincolnshire Regiment (left 31 January 1918)
1/5th Battalion, Lincolnshire Regiment
1/4th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment
1/5th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment
138th Machine Gun Company, Machine Gun Corps (formed 22 February 1916, moved to 46th Battalion, Machine Gun Corps 28 February 1918)
138th Trench Mortar Battery (formed 2 March 1916)
Between the wars
Disbanded after the war in 1919 the brigade was reformed in the new Territorial Army in the 1920s, as the 138th (Lincoln and Leicester) Infantry Brigade, still with 46th (North Midland) Infantry Division and still composed of two battalions of the Lincolns and two of the Leicesters.
In the late 1930s, there was a growing need to increase the anti-aircraft defences of the United Kingdom and a reduced need for so many infantry battalions in the Territorial Army and so many of them were converted into other roles. As a result, in late 1936, the 46th (North Midland) Division (and the brigade) was disbanded and its headquarters renamed the 2nd Anti-Aircraft Division. The 5th Lincolns was transferred to the Royal Engineers and converted into the 46th (The Lincolnshire Regiment) Anti-Aircraft Battalion, Royal Engineers and joined 31st (North Midland) Anti-Aircraft Group. The 4th Leicesters were also transferred to the Royal Engineers and became 44th (The Leicestershire Regiment) Anti-Aircraft Battalion, Royal Engineers, assigned to 32nd (South Midland) Anti-Aircraft Group of 2nd AA Division. Both were equipped with searchlights and part of the 2nd AA Division. The 4th Lincolns was transferred to 146th (1st West Riding) Infantry Brigade and the 5th Leicesters joined the 148th (3rd West Riding) Infantry Brigade, both part of the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division. After all of its battalions were posted away the 138th Brigade was disbanded.
Second World War
A new 138th Brigade was raised in mid-1939 when the Territorial Army was doubled in size throughout the spring and summer of 1939, due to the possibility of war with Nazi Germany becoming an increasing likelihood. As a result, the brigade number was activated again when the 146th Infantry Brigade formed a duplicate unit, to be known as the 138th Infantry Brigade. The new brigade was assigned to the 46th Infantry Division, itself formed as a duplicate of 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division. Like its parent division, the 46th recruited mainly from the North Midlands and West Riding areas in England, although for some reason the division, unlike the 49th, did not adopt the county subtitles.
Due to the worsening situation in Europe, the brigade was mobilised in late August/early September 1939, along with the rest of the Territorial Army. On 1 September the German Army invaded Poland and, two days later, on 3 September 1939, Britain declared war on Nazi Germany, officially beginning the Second World War.
In April 1940, seven months after the outbreak of the war, the 138th Infantry Brigade, commanded at the time by Brigadier Edward John Grinling, DSO, MC, TD, a Territorial Army officer, and division, minus the artillery, engineers and other support units, were sent to France to join the British Expeditionary Force (BEF). The 'division', sent at the same time as the 12th (Eastern) and 23rd (Northumbrian) divisions, was very poorly equipped and trained and was assigned mainly as a labour and training unit, to build defences and construct airfield. As a consequence, the division was battered in the Battle of France when fighting the German Army and, together with the rest of the BEF, was gradually forced to retreat to Dunkirk, where they were evacuated to England.
After returning to the United Kingdom the brigade and division, due to severe casualties suffered in a futile attempt to stem the German advance, were both reformed with large numbers of conscripts and was sent to Scottish Command. In 1941 it came under command of II Corps and later XII Corps, commanded at the time by Lieutenant-General Bernard Montgomery, alongside the 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division and 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division and trained into an anti-invasion role to repel a German invasion.
On 6 January 1943 the 46th Division left the United Kingdom for North Africa where they saw active service in the final stages of the campaign there, fighting in the Tunisia Campaign as part of British First Army which ended in May with the surrender of over 230,000 German and Italian prisoners of war.
With the rest of the 46th Division, the brigade later fought in the Italian Campaign, suffering heavy casualties in the attritional fighting in Italy during the Salerno landings in September 1943 under X Corps, and later the fighting at the Monte la Difenso, Monte Cassino and the Gothic Line, where, during the Battle of Gemmano, the brigade suffered heavy casualties in what has been labelled the "Cassino of the Adriatic". In December 1944, during a heavy counter-attack by the German 90th Panzergrenadier Division on 46th Division's position, Captain John Brunt, of the Sherwood Foresters, attached to 6th Battalion, Lincolnshire Regiment, was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross.
In mid-January 1945, the brigade and the rest of the division (except 139th Brigade) was transferred to Greece to fight in the Greek Civil War, returning to Italy in April but did not see action in the final offensive. Throughout the campaign in Italy the 46th Division came under command of both U.S. Fifth Army and British Eighth Army.
Order of battle
138th Brigade was constituted as follows during the war:
6th Battalion, Lincolnshire Regiment
2/4th Battalion, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
6th Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment
138th Infantry Brigade Anti-Tank Company (formed 22 July 1940, disbanded 10 July 1941)
Commanders
The following officers commanded 138th Brigade during the war:
Brigadier E.J. Grinling (until 8 August 1940)
Brigadier G.C. Bucknall (from 8 August 1940 until 13 July 1941)
Brigadier D.F. Campbell (from 13 July 1941 until 17 March 1942)
Brigadier A. Low (from 17 March until 26 August 1942)
Brigadier G.P. Harding (from 26 August 1942 until 23 March 1944)
Lieutenant Colonel D.P. Yates (Acting, from 23 March until 29 May 1944)
Brigadier G.P. Harding (from 29 May until 26 September 1944)
Brigadier M.D. Erskine (from 26 September until 27 October 1944)
Brigadier A.D. McKechnie (from 27 October until 19 December 1944)
Lieutenant Colonel A.D. Miller (Acting, from 19 December 1944 until 11 January 1945)
Brigadier A.D. McKechnie (from 11 January 1945)
Post-War
The war in Europe ended on 8 May 1945, with Victory in Europe Day and the brigade moved to Austria shortly after, spending the rest of its time on occupation duties under British Forces in Austria. The 138th Infantry Brigade Headquarters were disbanded in 1946 and, being a 2nd Line Territorial formation, was not reformed in the 1947 reorganisation of the Territorial Army but its battalions seem to have survived. The 6th Battalion, Royal Lincolnshire Regiment (the Lincolns became a 'Royal' regiment due to distinguished service in the war, with effect from 1946) appears to have existed until 1950 when it amalgamated with the 4th Battalion, of which the 6th was formed as a duplicate in 1939, creating the 4th/6th Battalion. The 6th Battalion, York and Lancaster Regiment survived until 1947 when it amalgamated with its parent unit, the Hallamshire Battalion of the same regiment, to create the 4th Battalion, as did the 2/4th King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry which amalgamated with the 1/4th Battalion, to create the 4th Battalion, KOYLI.
Recipients of the Victoria Cross
2nd Lieutenant John Cridlan Barrett, 1/5th Battalion, Leicestershire Regiment, Great War
Captain John Brunt, 6th Battalion, Lincolnshire Regiment, Second World War
References
Notes
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War I
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1908
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
Military units and formations established in 1939
Military units and formations disestablished in 1946
The Poland national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Poland and is controlled by the Polish Motor Union (PZM). The Under-21 Speedway World Cup has been dominated by Poland with them winning first place in all of the past championships. Karol Ząbik was a member of Poland team by three finals (2005-2007). Poland has produced seven Under-21 Individual World Champions: Piotr Protasiewicz (1996), Robert Dados (1998), Dawid Kujawa (2001), Jarosław Hampel (2003), Robert Miśkowiak (2004), Krzysztof Kasprzak (2005) and Karol Ząbik (2006).
Competition
Team B
See also
Speedway in Poland
Poland national speedway team
Poland national under-19 speedway team
External links
(pl) Poland national team webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
!
Warner Music Poland Sp. z o.o., is a Polish subsidiary of Warner Music Group, it was founded in 1994 in Warsaw. The label's CEO is Piotr Kabaj.
The label started with a catalog of Polish national record label Polton which was bought from Starstream Communications Group by Warner Music Group.
In 2014 Warner Music Poland was merged with Parlophone Music Poland Sp. z o.o., after Parlophone Records, Ltd. was sold by Universal Music Group to Warner Music Group
Warner Music Poland catalogue includes also EMI Music Poland releases before it was renamed in 2013 to Parlophone. That include rights for titles by such artists as Blue Café, T.Love, Voo Voo, Wojciech Waglewski, Wilki and Pati Yang among others.
WMP distributes in Poland releases by such labels as Warner Classics, Nuclear Blast and Roadrunner Records among others.
WMP acquired Polskie Nagrania Muza, Poland's oldest record label, in May 2015.
Artists
Current
Adam Krylik
Afromental
Agata Dziarmagowska
Agnieszka Chylińska
Daniel Bloom
Elektryczne Gitary
Fair Weather Friends
Gang
Maciej Maleńczuk
Kasia Stankiewicz
Katarzyna Groniec
Les Ki
LemON
L.U.C
Łzy
Maja Koman
Mela Koteluk
Megitza
Mikromusic
Natalia Przybysz
OCN
Przemysław Budny
Stan Borys
T.Love
Tatiana Okupnik
The Dumplings
Uniqplan
Xxanaxx
Warszawskie Combo Taneczne
Zygmunt Staszczyk
Former
Anna Maria Jopek & Pat Metheny
Anna Szarmach
Blenders
Dezerter
Hey
Koli
Kilersi
Małgorzata Ostrowska
Mistic
Medusa
Negatyw
Onar & O$ka
Oxy.Gen
Papa Dance
Püdelsi
Sistars (disbanded)
TSA
WSZ & CNE
See also
BMG Poland
PolyGram Poland
Sony Music Entertainment Poland
Sony BMG Music Entertainment Poland
Universal Music Poland
References
External links
Official website
Warner Music labels
Polish record labels
Sorina Teodorovic (née Lefter; born 21 July 1970) is an Austrian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Austrian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Austria
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Bucharest
Thomas Tadeus Bak is a German visual artist, art director, writer and composer, mainly known for his work in photography.
Biography
Bak was born on April 20, 1978 in Szczecin, Northern Poland. In 1981 his parents emigrated over Denmark to the Federal Republic of Germany and setttled in Bremen in 1983. He was entitled as "Germany's Youngest Draughtsman" at the age of eleven due to his first publication in a German graphic magazine for mature readers and elected twice as the "Official Graphic Designer of the Hochschule fuer Kuenste Bremen" during his studies of Book/Graphic Design and Photography at this university. Bak worked as an art director in European design studios and advertising agencies before he began to lecture the Photographic Master Class of the IAA (International Academy of Arts) at the age of twenty-seven in Germany, France and Poland. His works are featured in various releases for the music industry, including publications of former Bauhaus vocalist Peter Murphy and Dalis Car. He was the youngest photographer ever decorated with the Reinhart-Wolf-Preis and the BFF (Bund Freischaffender Foto-Designer) as the "Best of the Best" in 2004.
Bibliography
Primary literature (books by Bak)
Ene Mene Mysterium. Eine Sechspostkartennovelle. (1993)
Den Hænden nach ein Hundt. (1995)
AThMN. An Act of Tarot. (1995)
Vropa. 22 Photographies. (1996)
BVCH DER VVAND=LVNGEN & VVIRBEL=SÆVREN. Fynff=Zehn Blætter ihrer Længe nach betichtet. (1998)
V.R.Op.A. : C I — IV. (1999)
COSMONAVCIONES et Polaroïdes. (1999)
Hand= bzw. Flusz=Abdrykke; Zwölf Absichten bald "Cosmonauciones" tätoliert. (2000)
Atavista : 33 Photographic Compositions. (2000)
Arche Nada; Yber dem Vm=Gang mit Todtem. Allsoh : "Gryner Fuchs" tætolirt. (2001)
Vff=Tact zum Eiligen Kriege; Polaroïden & Tincturen. (Allrot, 2002)
Fynff Tincturen. (Pan Press, 2002)
The Tourist, Plates I — XXXV. (2006)
Ex Ceterra Incognita, Capricci Erotici e Verticale. (2008)
The Tourist, Plates XXXVI — LXXX. (2012)
Ornament City, Essays & Capricci. (TK Verlag Hamburg, 2012)
Psylens. (Pan Press / S.Ph.In.X. Camera Obscura International, 2013)
On Love considered as one of the Fine Arts. Essays & Essails by Bak (TK Verlag Hamburg, 2014)
Les Chants de Marlboror / AFFORISMEN IN SPE (Pan Press, 2015)
Secondary literature (selection)
Inferso. KUBO Art Award 2000, Xzeit Edition Berlin ()
Manfred Schmalriede, Norbert Waning: Reinhart-Wolf-Preis 2004
Bund freischaffender Fotodesigner: Das BFF-Jahrbuch 2005 ()
Peter Rautmann, Jörn Christiansen: Vier Jahrzehnte Fotografie in Bremen. Focke-Museum, 2003 ()
Ein tierisches Vergnuegen. Kunstsammlung der Sparkasse Bremen / Edition Hachmann, 2006 ()
ATAVISTA. L'Œuvre Photographique du Thomas Bak. 2006 (Cannes, France)
Gemeinsam, aber getrennt. 2008 (Gesellschaft "Forum e.V." zur Foerderung der Polnischen Kultur, Ministry of Culture and Communication Germany)
BAK = ATAVISTA. The Photographic Works of Thomas Tadeus Bak. Second Edition, 2008 (IAA Publications, St.Magnus)
Bak — The Photographic Capriccio. Sheets from 1998 to 2008 (Galerie Hilaneh von Kories / Photoselection GmbH)
TAZ / Die Tageszeitung, 1990 (newspaper interview in German)
Profifoto #2, 2005 (interview in German, 8 pages)
Zoo Magazine #20, edited by Bryan Adams. 2008 (interview & retrospective in English, 8 pages)
Profifoto #10, 2008 (retrospective in German, 6 pages)
Schwarzweiss #87, Das Magazin fuer Fotografie. 2012 (retrospective 2008 — 2012 in German, 8 pages)
Alambic Parisienne #2, 2013 (interview in French; featuring current works, 8 pages)
Exhibition history (selection)
1999 "Three Positions of Contemporary Photography" at the Profile Intermedia 02, Congress Center Bremen, Germany
"AThMN," Media Center Bremen
2000 "Inferso," Municipal Gallery (Bremen) & "Inferso," Kulturbrauerei GmbH (Berlin, Germany)
2001 "Paradogs," Profile Intermedia 04 (Bremen)
2002 "Four Decades of Photography in Bremen," Museum for the State's History
2004 "A=N," photokina (Cologne, Germany)
"A=N," Design Center (Stuttgart, Germany)
"AThMN/Metamorphoses," Institut Français & Goethe-Institut Budapest (Hungary)
2005 "V.R.Op.A." at the headquarters of the Tokyo Journal (Japan)
Gallery B (Nagoya, Japan)
2006 "Ein tierisches Vergnügen," Sparkasse Bremen
Retrospective "Atavista" at the gallery Marc Piano (Cannes, France)
Retrospective "Atavista" at the International Academy of Arts (Lesmona, Germany)
2008 Retrospective "Das Photographische Capriccio. Blätter aus den Jahren 1998 bis 2008" at Galerie Hilaneh von Kories / Photoselection GmbH (Hamburg, Germany)
Movies
1993 : Incubus (22 min.)
1999 : Χάλκανθον ~ SECRET FIGVRES VVRITTEN ON VVATER (8 min.)
2005 : Atavista (40 min.)
2008 : Edgar Alien Poe (28 min.)
2012 : Rainbows On Fire (4 min.)
2013 : L'OVE is the LAVVN / Love is the Lawn, MMXIII (6 min.)
References
External links
http://www.galeriehilanehvonkories.de/en/bak/the-photographic-capriccio/
http://www.kunstmarkt.com/pagesmag/kunst/_id68645-/marktberichte_grossbildansicht.html
http://www.discogs.com/artist/Thomas+Tadeus+Bak
Living people
1978 births
German occultists
German surrealist artists
Photographers from Bremen (state)
Fetish photographers
German erotic photographers
Nude photography
Fashion photographers
German art directors
es:Thomas Bak#top
Horace Bundy (22 July 1814, in Hardwick, Vermont – 15 June 1883, in Concord, New Hampshire) was an itinerant American portrait painter. He is generally classified as a folk artist, due to his lack of formal instruction.
Biography
His early years are apparently undocumented. In 1836, the city directory of Lowell, Massachusetts, lists him as a "carriage maker", so he probably developed his artistic inclinations by painting designs and decorations on sleighs, buckets and signs. In 1837, he married Louisa Lockwood (1814-1907). Four years later, they had settled in North Springfield, Vermont in a home built by her father. They had eight children, only three of whom survived to maturity. Unlike most itinerant artists, all of his paintings are signed and dated and often include the place where they were created; providing a record of his travels.
He was originally a member of the Millerites, an offshoot of the Baptist Church but, by 1844, when their prophecy that the world would end proved to be untrue (an event known as the Great Disappointment), he joined the new Adventist movement. Thereafter, he spent almost as much time preaching as painting. There are records of him having done both in Townshend, Vermont, several locations in New Hampshire and Winchendon, Massachusetts.
He is known to have been active as a painter until at least 1859 and, in the 1860 census, is listed as an artist. Three years later, he was appointed pastor of the Second Advent Church in Lakeport, New Hampshire and was one of its most active leaders, eventually becoming an Elder. In the 1870s, he moved to Concord where he continued to create the occasional portrait from photographs.
He went on a trip to Jamaica in 1883, where he painted on commission from a wealthy planter and made studies of tropical scenery. While there, he contracted typhus and died of its effects shortly after his return to Concord.
References
Further reading
Lauren B. Hewes, "Horace Bundy: Itinerant Portraitist", in Antiques, October 1994
External links
More works by Bundy @ ArtNet
Horace Bundy @ Find-a-Grave
1814 births
1883 deaths
American male painters
American portrait painters
Folk artists
Painters from Vermont
Millerites
Deaths from typhus
19th-century American painters
People from Hardwick, Vermont
Painters from New Hampshire
Religious leaders from Vermont
Religious leaders from New Hampshire
San Benito Municipality or Villa José Quintín Mendoza Municipality is the third municipal section of the Punata Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its seat is San Benito. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 12,720 inhabitants.
Cantons
The municipality is divided into three cantons. They are (their seats in parentheses):
Huaricaya Canton or San Lorenzo Canton - (San Lorenzo)
San Benito Canton or Villa José Quintín Mendoza Canton - (San Benito)
Sunchu Pampa Canton - (Sunchu Pampa)
References
External links
Map of Punata Province
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
is a Japanese professional golfer.
Kajikawa was born in Chiba Prefecture. After turning professional he would play on and off between the Japan Golf Tour and the Japan Challenge Tour. He has not yet won on the Japan Golf Tour but has three wins on the Challenge Tour: one in 2004 and two in 2005.
Professional wins (3)
Japan Challenge Tour wins (3)
External links
Japanese male golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Chiba Prefecture
1971 births
Living people
Greg Brock may refer to:
Greg Brock (baseball) (born 1957), American baseball player
Greg Brock (The West Wing), a fictional character on The West Wing
Millennium Sports Park is a 34 hectare sports and recreational complex, consisting of 15 soccer and football fields located at 100 Millennium Blvd in the Orleans sector of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The closest major intersection to the Sports Park is Innes Road at Trim Road. The site is currently home to a number of youth sporting clubs in the Eastern half of the Greater Ottawa Area.
Currently, the largest tenants at the facility are Ottawa TFC (formerly known as the Cumberland Cobras) soccer club and the Cumberland Panthers football club.
The Ottawa Outlaws of the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL) began playing at Millennium Park Stadium with the 2017 AUDL season.
Sources
http://www.orleansonline.ca/
http://www.ovfl.ca/
Sports venues in Ottawa
Albert Pierre Millet (July 2, 1929 – November 19, 2007) was a French serial killer. Known as The Boar of the Moors (), he killed three people on three separate occasions between 1954 and 2007, each of which was a result of him being released from prison early. He committed suicide shortly after committing his final murder.
Early life
Albert Millet was born on July 2, 1929, in Hyères. He had a tumultuous childhood, as he was frequently beaten by his alcoholic father and was neglected by his mother, who preferred to spend time with her lover than with her family. At the age of 14, Millet dropped out of school and instead spent most of his time in the ruined castle overlooking his hometown, as well as the maquis that surrounded the area. After he started committing thefts, he would usually hide there to avoid arrest.
In the early 1950s, he was sent to Tataouine, French Tunisia as part of his mandatory military service, where he was a sniper. He did not cease committing thefts during his stay there, and acquired additional convictions for assaulting a fellow officer and illegally possessing a weapon of war. On June 5, 1951, he was imprisoned for attempting to shoot at an Algerian teenager with a rifle.
First murder and imprisonment
By the beginning of 1954, Millet had returned to Hyères and soon met 15-year-old Paulette Dogliotti at a ballroom, with whom he fell madly in love. Dogliotti, who was brought up by her aunt, Élisa Maggiorana, worked as a house servant, and every evening at 9 PM, Millet would wait in front of her employers' house when she was carrying the metal dustbin to put on the sidewalk. While Dogliotti herself had no problem with seeing Millet, her aunt disapproved of their relationship due to his obsession with weaponry, his criminal convictions and her niece's young age. She eventually forbid them from seeing one another, with Dogliotti deciding to respect her decision.
In March of that year, Maggiorana was at a bar with her fiancé when Millet suddenly entered and called her out, with the woman warning him to stay away from Paulette. Their conversation eventually erupted into an argument which resulted in Millet being slapped in front of everyone before being thrown out of the establishment by Maggiorana's fiancé. After getting back up, he calmly threatened to kill both her and Dogliotti, before leaving. On April 3, at about 5 PM, Maggiorana and Dogliotti was sitting near a bus stop in front of the Aux Dames de France store when Millet crossed the street, went straight towards her and shot the former in the head, killing the woman instantly. After this, he fled towards the maquis and hid out until the next day, when authorities caught him near the train station and shot him three times.
Despite falling into a coma, Millet miraculously survived his injuries and was later charged with murder and attempted murder, for which he potentially faced the death penalty. His trial began at the cour d'assises in Draguignan on September 30, 1955, with him being defended by Aymé Perrimond. Millet openly admitted to the killing, but claimed that it was not premeditated, asserting that he had shot at the garbage can to scare Dogliotti, claiming that if he had actually tried to kill her, he would not have missed. Concerning Maggiorana, he claimed that he wanted her to accompany him to the police station so she could withdraw her complaint, but she supposedly started screaming the moment she saw him, which made him panic and shoot her instead.
His explanation was not believed, and Millet was subsequently convicted on all counts and sentenced to death. While awaiting execution at Baumettes Prison, he appealed his sentence to the Court of Cassation, which overturned the sentence on a technicality. In March 1956, a new trial began at the cour d'assises in Nice, where Millet was resentenced to life imprisonment at a penal colony. After being shuffled between various prisons, he was finally transferred to Clairvaux Prison, then considered one of the harshest facilities in the country. During his time there, he was considered a model prisoner, which greatly contributed to the eventual reduction of his sentence to 20 years imprisonment.
Release and second murder
Whilst in Clairvaux Prison, Millet frequently corresponded with the wife of one of his friends, Fernande "Nande" Valentin, a nurse's aide at the San Salvadour Hospital in Hyères who often visited him. Following her divorce, she began a romantic relationship with Millet, who was paroled on July 10, 1973, at the age of 44.
In August 1973, as promised, he married Fernande and they moved in together at a house in Hyères. Their marriage was considered relatively happy, with Millet only using firearms when he went out hunting, while Valentin kept the house clean. On his part, Millet had no job and did no chores, but sometimes did gardening and renewed his residence permit once a month. In the evenings, after finishing her shift at the hospital, Valentin would do housework to supplement their income. Over the years, Millet became possessive, suspicious and spied on his wife, as he suspected that she was cheating on him.
Valentin herself complained that he pestered her for sex and prevented her from sleeping.
On June 12, 1979, Valentin told him that she no longer wanted him to sleep in the bed, but on the couch instead, as she did not want to support a husband who did almost nothing all day. She also said that she planned to give him a cheque of 20,000 francs so he could start a new life, which made him feel greatly humiliated. On the following morning, Millet stabbed his wife multiple times with a dagger, hitting her twice in the heart. After killing her, he barricaded himself inside the house, got drunk and eventually started firing shots in all directions from the bedroom window. Soon after, the house was surrounded by police, upon which Millet started throwing objects out of the window and shouting that he had killed his wife and wanted to kill himself too. After several hours of negotiations with friends and a priest, Millet surrendered and allowed himself to be taken into custody.
While in police custody, Millet stated that after killing his wife, he decided that he would shoot himself and their pet Dobermann in the maquis with a pistol. On the way, however, he changed his mind and hit his dog, which then ran away. While in custody, he asked to speak to the commissioner, whose office was on the second floor, and when he was allowed to, he attempted to commit suicide by jumping from the landing onto the police station's stairwell, but was apprehended before he could do it. As part of the investigation, the police opened Valentin's locker at her workplace, where they found drafts of a break-up letter addressed to an undisclosed lover. Soon after, Millet was charged with her murder. A few days later, the corpse of Millet's Dobermann was discovered with a rope tied around its neck near a well by a shepherd, who held off on reporting it because he was afraid of Millet.
Valentin murder trial
On May 11, 1981, Millet's trial began at the cour d'assises in Draguignan. Valentin's family asserted that it was not logical for the dog to have run away and it likely would have taken refuge at their house and defended its mistress from Millet. They were convinced that he had killed beforehand, and therefore had planned the killing of his wife in advance. The jurors, however, were not convinced, and instead found him guilty of second-degree murder, for which he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
During his time in prison, Millet again proved to be a model prisoner, due to which he succeeded in having his sentence commuted to 25 years imprisonment. He was not subjected to any psychiatric examination while serving his term, and amassed a fortune of 300,000 francs from the work he did inside the prison. In 1999 and 2000, Millet was granted furlough on three occasions, during which he stayed at a small hotel room in Nice. In June 2001, during his fourth furlough, he met a woman named Gisèle, who was 18 years his junior, at the terrace of a café. He confided to her his entire criminal career, but despite this, Gisèle accepted him, revealing that she lived off her disability pension and spent most of her money at a casino, due to which she was in debt. She then invited him to spend the night at her two-room apartment in Hyères, which he accepted. Five days later, he returned to prison.
Release and attempted murder
On December 20, 2001, Millet was paroled from prison and immediately moved into Gisèle's apartment. According to her, he gave her numerous gifts, lots of money and frequently demanded sex, which she appreciated at first, although she was the only one who did the chores. In January 2002, Millet's probation officer became concerned at the rate of which his savings were disappearing and feared that Millet was being swindled. When asked, Millet replied that he was perfectly aware and was doing this by his own volition. He then contacted Thierry Perrimond, the son of his first lawyer, and entrusted his personal fortune to him, which Perrimond placed in a safe at a bank in Toulon. They did not remain there for long, as Perrimond soon returned them.
In February 2002, Millet grew possessive and constantly watched over Gisèle, with her eventually deciding to end their relationship. In an attempt to convince her to stay, he said to her that he had hidden a treasure in the maquis near Hyères consisting of twelve gold bars, which he said he was willing to give away in exchange for her staying with him. Intrigued by his offer, Gisèle said that she first needed to see it for herself. On February 12, the pair travelled by train to Hyères, with Millet buying an ice axe along the way. They then travelled by cab to a deserted area and Millet scraping the ground with the axe. While he was doing that, Gisèle realized that he could easily kill her and quickly fled towards the road and hitched a ride. The driver took both of them to the train station, from where they travelled to Nice, where Gisèle ultimately abandoned him.
On the following day, Millet contacted Gisèle again, offering her 10,000 francs if they got together again. She accepted, but told him to leave only four days later, which Millet refused to do. On February 18, while Gisèle was still in bed, Millet attempted to stab her with a kitchen knife, managing to cut her under the chin. After a brief fight, Millet backed off and left after Gisèle told him to get out, whereupon she called an ambulance and was driven to the Saint-Roch Hospital. An examination proved the injury to be minor. Shortly afterwards, Millet went to the hospital to learn of Gisèle's condition, before turning himself in at the probation officer's office, claiming that the attack was not pre-planned. Regardless of his intentions, Millet was charged with attempted murder. His trial took place the following year, and Millet was convicted and sentenced to 7 years imprisonment. He unsuccessfully attempted to appeal the decision, and when the original conviction was upheld, he spent the following years behind bars before he was paroled in August 2007.
Final murder and suicide
Now aged 78 and with 30,000 euro in savings, Millet moved into a hotel in Hyères, where he soon took notice of a female neighbor named Chantal. After learning that she was depressed and had financial issues, Millet offered to move in with her, pay her rent and even buy her gifts. On one occasion, he offered to take her out to a restaurant, but he quickly became upset at the fact that a male friend of Chantal, 41-year-old Christian Fernandez, visited their shared apartment almost every day. After offering Fernandez a meal, for which Millet had to pay, the pair got into an argument which ended with Millet demanding that she reimburse him for the money he had spent for her, which amounted to several thousands of euros.
On November 18, 2007, Millet was spending time at Chantal's apartment, demanding that they be left alone, but Chantal did not listen and invited Fernandez over. Throughout the night, Millet repeatedly went to bed, but had to get up multiple times to complain about the noise. During the early hours of the following morning, Millet went downstairs where he was invited to have a drink with Fernandez. Seemingly insulted by the offer, he abruptly left, saying that he would return armed, a threat which Fernandez did not take seriously. Some time later, Millet returned and calmly knocked on the door, asking to be let in. After Chantal opened the door, he shot her in the thigh, causing Fernandez to run over to assist her, only to be fatally shot three times in turn.
Following the shooting, Millet ran towards the maquis in an attempt to hide himself. Apparently realizing that he was too old to be able to escape the police on foot, Millet turned the gun on himself and shot the gun. The shot proved fatal, and the cause of death was ruled as a suicide.
List of known victims
See also
List of serial killers by country
References
Bibliography
Didier Fabre, The bloody trajectory of Albert Millet, the other Pierrot the madman, Presses du Midi, October 2011
Documentaries
"Albert Millet, The wild boar of the Moors" on December 11, 2011, and December 16, 2012, in "Get the accused" presented by Frédérique Lantieri on France 2.
Radio shows
"Albert Millet, the Boar of the Moors" November 26, 2014 in L'Heure du crime of Jacques Pradel on RTL
"Albert Millet, the boar of the Moors" November 15, 2016 in Hondelatte tells presented by Christophe Hondelatte on Europe 1
1929 births
2007 suicides
20th-century French criminals
French male criminals
French people convicted of murder
French prisoners sentenced to death
French prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
French serial killers
Male serial killers
People convicted of attempted murder
People convicted of murder by France
People from Hyères
Prisoners sentenced to death by France
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by France
Suicides by firearm in France
Uxoricides
Violence against women in France
Žarko Odžakov () (born 11 November 1955, in Skopje) is a retired footballer who represented Australia 13 times in full international matches. Former Australia coach Rale Rasic in 2006 picked Odžakov in his greatest Socceroo team.
Playing career
Club career
FK Vardar
Odžakov played 109 matches over eight years for FK Vardar in the Yugoslav First League, scoring nine goals.
Preston
In 1982, he emigrated to Australia where he played for Preston Makedonia in the National Soccer League.
Sydney Croatia
From 1985 until 1987 he played at NSL club Sydney Croatia. It was at Croatia that he took the notice of the Australian selectors.
Blacktown City
After two years at Croatia he moved to Blacktown City where he played two years, playing 55 NSL matches.
International career
Outdoor football
In 1985 Odžakov played his first international match for the Australia. In all he played 13 full international matches for the Socceroos, playing his last match in 1987.
Futsal
Odžakov played three matches for the Australia national futsal team at the 1989 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Coaching career
Soon after retiring Odžakov returned to his native North Macedonia. He soon received his coaching accreditation in Belgrade.
After a string of assistant coaching roles Odžakov had stint managing FK Vardar, where he managed to place Vardar in the top half of the Macedonian First League.
Odžakov managed various North Macedonia youth teams, including the North Macedonia national under-21 football team.
Zarko Odzakov Cup
The Zarko Odzakov Cup is named in honour of Odžakov. It is contested by Sydney United (formerly Sydney Croatia) and Bankstown City (a team representing the Macedonian-Australian community).
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Footballers from Skopje
Yugoslav emigrants to Australia
Association football midfielders
Yugoslav footballers
Macedonian footballers
Australian soccer players
Australia international soccer players
FK Vardar players
Preston Lions FC players
Sydney United 58 FC players
Blacktown City FC players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav Second League players
National Soccer League (Australia) players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Australian men's futsal players
Macedonian football managers
Australian soccer coaches
FK Vardar managers
North Macedonia national under-21 football team managers
Sir Evelyn Mountstuart Grant Duff (9 October 1863 – 19 September 1926) was a British diplomat who was stationed in Iran at a key moment, and was ambassador to Switzerland.
He was the second son of M.E. Grant Duff (later Sir Mountstuart Grant Duff). He passed the Preliminary Examination for the Civil Services in 1883 and entered the Diplomatic Service in 1888. He served in Rome, Tehran, St Petersburg, Stockholm and Berlin before a post in London 1899–1903.
He was Secretary of Legation in Tehran 1903–06. In the summer of 1906 there was no minister (ambassador) in post – the previous minister, Sir Arthur Hardinge, had left in 1905 and the new minister, Sir Cecil Spring Rice, although appointed in December 1905, did not leave England until September 1906 – so Grant Duff was the senior British diplomat in Tehran when, during the Persian Constitutional Revolution, about 12,000 men took sanctuary (bast) in the gardens of the British Legation in what has been called a 'vast open-air school of political science' studying constitutionalism. The Foreign Secretary, Sir Edward Grey, was outraged by Grant Duff's hospitality towards the bastis which, however, inadvertently expedited the Constitutional Revolution.
Grant Duff had already been appointed to be Councillor at the Embassy in Madrid and he took up that post in late 1906. While in Madrid he negotiated the purchase of land at the corner of calle de Núñez de Balboa and calle de Hermosilla for a British Embassy Church. Building did not start until 1923, and it was dedicated as the Church of St George in 1925.
In 1910 Grant Duff was appointed Minister to Venezuela, but he did not take up the post; he was Consul-General to the Kingdom of Hungary, in Budapest, 1911–13 before his final post as British Envoy to the Swiss Confederation, 1913–16.
He was appointed CMG in 1911 and knighted KCMG in 1916 on the termination of his mission in Berne.
In 1900 he married Edith Florence Bonham, elder daughter of Sir George Bonham, 2nd Baronet (who was British Envoy to the Swiss Confederation, 1905–09). She was appointed a Lady of Grace of the Order of St John of Jerusalem in 1916 and CBE in 1918 as "Founder and Organiser of the Bread Bureau for Prisoners of War." She founded the "British Legation Red Cross Organization" through which the many British expatriates in Switzerland helped wounded soldiers in French and British hospitals.
References
GRANT-DUFF, Sir Evelyn, Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2008; online edn, Oxford University Press, Dec 2007, accessed 12 April 2012
Grant Duff, Sir Evelyn Mountstuart, Encyclopaedia Iranica, Online Edition, 15 December 2002
1863 births
1926 deaths
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Switzerland
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Paris, Palace Hotel is a 1956 French-Italian romantic comedy film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Charles Boyer, Françoise Arnoul and Tilda Thamar.
It was shot in Eastmancolor at the Boulogne Studios in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art director Jean d'Eaubonne.
Synopsis
A manicurist working at a luxurious hotel in Paris and a young garage mechanic there to pick up a customer's luxury car, both pretend to be wealthy residents to impress each other with the friendly assistance Henri Delormel, one of the real guests at the hotel.
Cast
Charles Boyer as Henri Delormel
Françoise Arnoul as Françoise Noblet
Roberto Risso as Gérard Necker dit Brugnon
Tilda Thamar as Madeleine Delormel
Georges Chamarat as Alexandre - le coiffeur
Louis Seigner as Marcel Brugnon
Simone Bach as Barbara - la brune en robe rouge
Darry Cowl as Jules Hoyoyo
Jacques Jouanneau as Le laquais de l'entrée
Jean Clarieux as Un responsable du réveillon surprise
Robert Dalban as L'organisateur du réveillon
Max Elloy as Un maître d'hôtel
René Génin as Le père Noël
Gabriel Gobin as Le brigadier
Jacques Hilling as Le cuistot
Georges Lannes as Monsieur Desmoulins - un client
Jacques Marin a sLe livreur de fleurs au Palace
Raoul Marco as Le monsieur 'pince fesse'
Jean Ozenne as Albert - le réceptionniste de jour du Palace
Robert Pizani as Georges - le maître d'hôtel du palace
Albert Rémy as Le ronfleur du commissariat
Julien Carette as Bébert
Michèle Philippe as Barbara
Raymond Bussières as Soupape - le garagiste
Gina Manès as L'Alouette - la chiffonnière de la cellule
Andréa Parisy as Une manucure
Robert Seller as Le réceptionniste de nuit du Palace
References
Bibliography
Parish, James Robert. Film Actors Guide: Western Europe. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
1956 films
1956 romantic comedy films
French comedy films
Italian comedy films
1950s French-language films
Films directed by Henri Verneuil
Films shot at Boulogne Studios
Films set in Paris
1950s French films
1950s Italian films
Mohammad Rateb Al-Dawud (; born 4 December 1992) is a Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Jordanian club Al-Salt.
Al-Dawud is the son of Rateb Al-Dawud, who also played for Al-Ramtha and the Jordan national team.
International career
Al-Dawud's first match with the Jordan national senior team was against Libya in Doha on 17 December 2011 in the 2011 Pan Arab Games, which resulted in a 0-0 draw.
Career statistics
International
References
Signs a Contract With Al-Ramtha SC
Mohammad Al-Dawud Signs Up for Hidd SCC of Bahrain for $150,000
Jordanian Mohammad Al-Dawud: "My Brilliance With Hidd SCC of Bahrain is My Gateway to Returning to the Jordan national football team"
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Irbid
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordan youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Ramtha SC players
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
Expatriate footballers in Bahrain
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Bahrain
Jordanian expatriate footballers
Al-Salt SC players
Jordanian Pro League players
Bahraini Premier League players
Hidd SCC players
Armando Filiput (19 December 1923 – 30 March 1982) was an Italian hurdler, European Champion in 1950. He was born and died in Ronchi dei Legionari.
Biography
Filiput has 22 caps in Italy national athletics team (from 1942 to 1945). In his career he participated in one edition of the Olympic Games and won the Italian Athletics Championships 7 times.
Achievements
National titles
7 wins in 400 metres hurdles at the Italian Athletics Championships (1946, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1954)
See also
FIDAL Hall of Fame
References
External links
1923 births
1982 deaths
Italian male hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 1951 Mediterranean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1955 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
20th-century Italian people
Aldgate railway station was located on the Adelaide-Wolseley line in the Adelaide Hills suburb of Aldgate, 34.9 kilometres from Adelaide station.
History
Aldgate station opened on 14 March 1883, and on 23 December 1886, a second platform was added. From 1 May 1910, most services from Adelaide station were extended to terminate at Aldgate. On 1 July 1929, the westbound platform was converted to an island platform. In 1974, the goods siding was replaced by a second crossing loop. It was very similar to Blackwood; the station building and shelter were the same.
It was closed to local trains on 23 September 1987, but until 1990 was available for passengers wishing to board the Mount Gambier-bound railcar service. At the time of closure, Aldgate had three platforms. Platform 1 was a 151-metre-long side platform, and platforms 2 and 3 were a 149-metre-long island platform. The island platform was demolished in the 1990s, but the side platform remains in place, although no longer in use. A crossing loop was provided, but was removed when the line was converted to standard gauge in 1995. The station building now functions as The Hut Community Centre.
References
South Australian Railways Working Timetable Book No. 265 30 June 1974
External links
Gallery Johnny's Pages
Mount Lofty - Ambleside SA Track & Signal
Disused railway stations in South Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1883
Railway stations closed in 1987
1987 disestablishments in Australia
Lepidopteris callipteroides is a form species for leaves of Late Permian Pteridospermatophyta, or seed ferns, which lived from around 252 million years ago in what is now Australia, and Madagascar. Lepidopteris callipteroides was an immediate survivor of the largest Permian-Triassic extinction event, migrating southward with the post-apocalyptic greenhouse spike.
Description
In the form generic system of paleobotany Lepidopteris is used only for leaves, which in Lepidopteris callipteroides is palmate with multiple dichotomies of the rachis. The cuticle of the leaves is thick and has distinctive cuticular structure with stomatal opening overhung by papillae, used to link the fossil leaves with well preserved ovulate structures of Peltaspermum townrovii and pollen organs of Permotheca helbyi in the same deposits
Atmospheric carbon dioxide paleobarometer
The cuticular structure of Lepidopteris callipteroides is comparable to that of modern Ginkgo, and has been used to estimate past atmospheric carbon dioxide of an astounding 7832 ppm from its stomatal index immediately following the largest Permian-Triassic extinction event.
References
External links
Permian plants
Triassic plants
Pteridospermatophyta
Permian first appearances
Triassic extinctions
Spencer Madan (1729–1813) was an English churchman, successively of Bishop of Bristol and Bishop of Peterborough.
Life
The son of Colonel Martin Madan and Judith Madan of London, and younger brother of Martin Madan, he was sent to Westminster School in 1742, and in 1746 went to Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1749 he graduated B.A. as third wrangler, M.A. 1753, D.D. 1756. He was at first intended for the bar, like his elder brother, but shortly after took holy orders. In 1753 he was elected to a fellowship at his college, but after short residence became vicar of Haxhay with the rectory of West Halton, both in Lincolnshire. In 1761 he was appointed chaplain in ordinary to the king, a position which he held till 1787, being also from 1770 to 1794 prebendary of Peterborough, and at the same time rector of Castor, Northamptonshire. In 1776 he was appointed to the sinecure rectory of Ashley, Berkshire, and in 1793 was promoted as Bishop of Bristol, where he was consecrated bishop on 3 June. Early in 1794, on the death of John Hinchliffe, he was translated to Peterborough, where he remained till his death, at the age of eighty-four, on 8 November 1813.
He was buried in Peterborough Cathedral. The grave lies at the east end of the cathedral.
Family
Madan was twice married, first to Lady Charlotte, second daughter of Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis (who died 1794, aged 68, and was buried in the Abbey Church at Bath). By her he had two sons, Spencer, and William Charles, who became a colonel in the army; and a daughter, Charlotte who married General George Warde (1725–1803). In 1796 the bishop married, secondly, Mary Vyse, daughter of William Vyse of Lichfield and sister of William Vyse (1741–1816), archdeacon of Coventry. Madan left no issue by his second marriage.
Notes
References
1729 births
1813 deaths
Bishops of Bristol
Bishops of Peterborough
Brownington is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
The 2017 New South Wales Cup season was the tenth season of the New South Wales Cup administered by the New South Wales Rugby League, and the second known as the Intrust Super Premiership NSW due sponsorship reasons. The competition acts as a second-tier league to the ten New South Wales-based National Rugby League clubs, as well the Canberra Raiders and New Zealand Warriors.
The winner of the Premiership will compete against the winner of the 2017 Queensland Cup in the 2017 NRL State Championship. Illawarra RLFC are the defending champions, following their 21–20 victory against the Mounties in the 2016 grand final.
A NSW Residents side, selected from the Premiership, lost 6–36 to the Queensland Residents on 7 May.
Current teams
In 2017, 12 clubs are fielding teams in the Intrust Super Premiership. The Blacktown Workers Sea Eagles replaced the Manly Sea Eagles. The Illawarra Cutters were renamed as the Illawarra RLFC.
A team from Fiji applied to enter the competition, gaining support from Petero Civoniceva and the Fijian government, but the NSWRL board determined that they were not ready for the 2017 season. The team would have played from the 15,000-capacity ANZ National Stadium in Suva.
Pat Weisner started the season as coach of the Blacktown Workers Sea Eagles, before being fired and replaced by Steven Hales. The Bulldogs named Ray Moujalli as their captain.
*: The season the team joined is in the NSW Cup, not any other competition before this.
Ladder
Finals
Grand Final
References
External links
New South Wales Cup
2017 in Australian rugby league
2017 in New Zealand rugby league
KCIB-LD, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 21), is a low-powered Walk TV/Family Channel-affiliated television station licensed to El Dorado, Arkansas, United States. The station is owned by the Immanuel Baptist Church.
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
Station website
Immanuel Baptist Church
CIB-LD
Television channels and stations established in 1995
Low-power television stations in the United States
Sekhar Bandyopadhyay (born 7 July 1952) is an Indian historian and a Fellow of the Royal Society Te Apārangi. Bandyopadhyay is known for his research on the Namasudra of Bengal.
Life
Bandyopadhyay was born to Nanigopal Bandyopadhyay, a professor of Bengali and Pratima Bandyopadhyay. Bandyopadhyay earned his B.A. degree in History at Presidency College and an M.A. degree at the University of Calcutta. He was awarded a doctorate at the University of Calcutta. He is married to Srilekha Bandyopadhyay and lives in Wellington with his wife.
Career
Bandyopadhyay is Emeritus Professor at Victoria University of Wellington and was the founding director of the New Zealand India Research Institute. He has also taught at the Ramakrishna Mission Residential College, Narendrapur, University of Kalyani, and the University of Calcutta. Bandyopadhyay was the first recipient of the Charles Wallace Postdoctoral Fellowship at the Centre for South Asian Studies, SOAS University of London. He has also held visiting fellowships at the University of Chicago, National University of Singapore, International Institute for Asian Studies, Curtin University, Australian National University and Rabindra Bharati University. From 2009-2010, Bandyopadhyay served as the President of the New Zealand Asian Studies Society and currently co-edits its journal, the New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies.
In 2009, Bandyopadhyay was awarded the Rabindra Smriti Puraskar (Rabindranath Tagore Memorial Prize), given by the Government of West Bengal, for his monograph Decolonisation in South Asia: Meanings of Freedom in Post-Independence Bengal 1947-52. Bandyopadhyay has been a recipient of a Marsden grant of the Royal Society of New Zealand.
Since 2021, the Sekhar Bandyopadhyay Prize has been awarded annually by the Department of History at Victoria University of Wellington to the student submitting the best essay or thesis on an aspect of Indian history or the history of colonialism or nationalism. The award 'acknowledges and celebrates the distinguished career of Professor Sekhar Bandyopadhyay, Professor of History at Victoria University of Wellington'.
Awards
Rabindra Puraskar (Rabindranath Tagore Memorial Prize)
Fellow, Royal Society Te Apārangi
Inaugural Fellow, New Zealand Academy of Humanities
Select works
Monographs
Burma To-day: Economic Development and Political Control since 1962 (1987)
Caste, Politics and the Raj: Bengal 1872-1937 (1990)
Caste, Protest and Identity in Colonial India: The Namasudras of Bengal, 1872-1947 (1997; Second Edition 2011)
Caste, Culture and Hegemony: Social Dominance in Colonial Bengal (2004)
From Plassey to Partition and After: A History of Modern India (2004; Second Revised and Enlarged Edition 2015)
Decolonization in South Asia: Meanings of Freedom in Post-independence West Bengal, 1947-52 (2009/2012)
Caste and Partition in Bengal: The Story of Dalit Refugees, 1946-1961 (2022, With Anasua Basu Raychaudhury)
Edited collections
Bengal: Rethinking History. Essays in Historiography (2001)
Nationalist Movement in India: A Reader (2009)
India in New Zealand: Local Identities, Global Relations (2010)
Decolonization and Politics of Transition in South Asia (2016)
Co-edited collections
Caste and Communal Politics in South Asia (1993, with Suranjan Das)
Bengal: Communities, Development and States (1994, with Abhijit Dasgupta and William Van Schendel)
People of India: West Bengal, 2 volumes (2008, with T. Bagchi and R.K. Bhattacharya)
China, India and the End of Development Models (2011, with X. Huang and A.C. Tan)
Globalization and Challenges of Development in Contemporary India (2016, with Sita Venkateshwar)
Religion and Modernity in India (2016, with Aloka Parashar Sen)
Calcutta: The Stormy Decades (2015, with Tanika Sarkar)
Indians and the Antipodes: Networks, Boundaries and Circulation (2018, with Jane Buckingham)
Books in Bengali
Ashtadas Sataker Mughal Sankat O Adhunik Itihas Chinta [Eighteenth-Century Mughal Crisis and Modern Historical Thinking] (1995)
Jati, Varna O Bangali Samaj [Caste, Varna and Bengali Society] (1998, co-edited with Abhijit Dasgupta)
Journal articles
"Caste, Nation and Modernity: Indian Nationalism's Unresolved Dilemma" [A.R. Davis Memorial Lecture, Sydney, 2016], The Journal of the Oriental Society of Australia, 48 (2016), pp. 5-24.
"India-New Zealand Relations in the New Century: A Historical Narrative of Changing Perceptions and Shifting Priorities", India Quarterly, 69(4) (2013), pp. 317-333.
"Rabindranath Tagore, Indian Nation and Its Outcasts", Harvard Asia Quarterly, 15 (1) (Spring 2013), pp. 28-33.
"Partition and the Ruptures in Dalit Identity Politics in Bengal", Asian Studies Review, 33 (4) (2009), pp. 455-67.
"A History of Small Numbers: Indians in New Zealand, c.1890s-1990s", New Zealand Journal of History, 43 (2) (2009), pp. 150-168.
"Freedom and its Enemies: Politics of Transition in West Bengal, 1947-1949", South Asia: Journal of South Asian Studies, XXIX (1) (April 2006), pp. 43-68.
"Transfer of Power and the Crisis of Dalit Politics in India, 1945-47", Modern Asian Studies, 34 (4) (2000), pp. 893-942.
"Protest and Accommodation: Two Caste Movements in Eastern and Northern Bengal, c1872-1937", The Indian Historical Review, XIV (1-2) (1990), pp. 219-33.
"Caste in the Perception of the Raj: A Note on the Evolution of Colonial Sociology of Bengal", Bengal Past and Present, CIV, Parts I-II (198-199) (January-December 1985), pp. 56-80.
"Caste, Class and Census: Aspects of Social Mobility in Bengal under the Raj, 1872-1931", The Calcutta Historical Journal, V (2) (January-June 1981), pp. 93-128.
Book chapters
"Caste and Politics in Bengal: Late Nineteenth and Early Twentieth Century", in Sabyasachi Bhattacharya (Ed.) Comprehensive History of Modern Bengal 1700-1950, Volume III, Kolkata: Asiatic Society of Bengal, 2019, pp. 338-86.
"Indian Unity and the Caste Question: Nationalist Readings of History" in S. Bhattacharya (Ed.) Rethinking the Cultural Unity of India, Kolkata: Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture, 2015, pp. 324-354.
"Does Caste Matter in Bengal? Examining the Myth of Bengali Exceptionalism", in M.N. Chakraborty (Ed.) Being Bengali: At home and in the World, London and New York: Routledge, 2014, pp. 32-47.
"Caste, Class and Culture in Colonial India", in S. Z. H. Zafri (Ed.) Recording the Progress of Indian History: Symposia Papers of the Indian History Congress 1992-2010, Delhi: Primus Books, 2012, pp. 225-39.
"The Minorities in Post-Partition West Bengal: The Riots of 1950" in Abhijit Dasgupta et.al (Eds.) Minorities and the State: Changing Social and Political Landscape of Bengal, New Delhi, Sage Publications, 2011, pp. 3-17.
"Caste, Widow-Remarriage, and the Reform of Popular Culture in Colonial Bengal", in Sumit Sarkar and Tanika Sarkar (Eds.) Women and Social Reform in Modern India: A Reader, Volume II, Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2007, pp. 100-117.
"Eighteen-Fifty-Seven and Its Many Histories", in 1857: Essays from Economic and Political Weekly, Hyderabad: Orient Longman, 2007, pp. 1-22.
"From Subjects to Citizens: Reactions to Colonial Rule and the Changing Political Culture of Calcutta in the mid-nineteenth century", in Michael Wilding and Mabel Lee (eds.) Society and Culture: Essays in Honour of S.N. Mukherjee, New Delhi: Manohar Publishers and Distributors, 1997, pp. 9-31.
"Popular Religion and Social Mobility in Colonial Bengal: The Matua Sect and the Namasudras", in Rajat K. Ray (Ed.) Mind, Body and Society: Life and Mentality in Colonial Bengal, Calcutta: Oxford University Press, 1995, pp. 152-92.
References
External links
The Conversation
Radio New Zealand
Economic and Political Weekly
1952 births
Living people
Indian historians
Presidency University, Kolkata alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Scholars from West Bengal
Ian Fleming: Where Bond Began was a 2008 documentary presented by Joanna Lumley which explored the life of the author Ian Fleming and the origin of his character James Bond. It was first broadcast on BBC One at 6:10pm on Sunday 19 October 2008 and was commissioned to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Fleming's birth and the then forthcoming release of the film Quantum of Solace.
External links
BBC television documentaries
2008 television specials
British television documentaries
Works about Ian Fleming
Palais Royal is French for "Royal Palace", and can refer to the Palais-Royal, a former royal palace in Paris
Palais Royal may also refer to:
Palais Royal (Houston-based department store), a chain of department stores in the United States
Palais Royal (Washington, D.C.), a department store operating from the 1870s-1940s
Palais Royale, a dance hall in Toronto, Canada
Palais Royale, Mumbai, a skyscraper in Mumbai, India
Palaye Royale, a rock band
Palais Royale Building, a historic commercial building in South Bend, Indiana
See also
List of royal palaces
Royal Palace (disambiguation)
Palais (disambiguation)
Royal (disambiguation)
Rick Sekorski, alias Rocky Sekorski, is a retired heavyweight professional boxer from St. Paul, Minnesota.
Professional career
Sekorski made his professional debut on January 21, 1981, with a four-round decision win against Rick Kellar. He won his first 13 professional matches, losing for the first time to 41-5-2 Marvin Camel on May 21, 1983, in Billings, Montana. Sekorski won three more times before his next loss, to 11-1 Pierre Coetzer in Johannesburg, South Africa. Sekorski continued to fight boxers of a high calibre, his biggest win being a sixth-round TKO of former world champion Leon Spinks in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota on August 2, 1986. Sekorski won the vacant Minnesota State Heavyweight title with a 3rd-round TKO against Percell Davis in August 1988, then lost a fight for the WBC Continental Americas heavyweight title to former WBA heavyweight champion Michael Dokes in December of the same year. Thereafter Sekorski would lose more than he won, concluding his career with a loss to Jimmy Lee Smith on November 22, 1993.
Sekorski also lost a fight to the returning George Foreman.
Sekorski compiled a professional record of 23-11 with 13 wins by knockout during a twelve-year professional career.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|23 Wins (11 knockouts, 12 decisions), 13 Losses (4 knockouts, 9 decisions)
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Loss
|
|align=left| Jimmy Lee Smith
|PTS
|4
|22 Nov 1993
|align=left| Mounds View, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Craig Payne
|TKO
|6
|14 Sep 1993
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Michael Murray
|PTS
|8
|28 Nov 1992
|align=left| Manchester, England
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Alex Garcia
|KO
|1
|23 May 1991
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Rick Kellar
|SD
|10
|20 Mar 1990
|align=left| Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Michael Dokes
|UD
|12
|9 Dec 1988
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Percell Davis
|RTD
|2
|2 Aug 1988
|align=left| Saint Paul, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Jeff May
|KO
|2
|9 May 1988
|align=left| Saint Paul, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| George Foreman
|TKO
|3
|18 Dec 1987
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Joey Christjohn
|TKO
|3
|3 Jul 1987
|align=left| Gardnerville, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Walter Santemore
|UD
|10
|9 May 1987
|align=left| Duluth, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Adilson Rodrigues
|PTS
|12
|21 Dec 1986
|align=left| São Paulo, Brazil
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Francesco Damiani
|PTS
|10
|19 Sep 1986
|align=left| Lerici, Italy
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Leon Spinks
|TKO
|6
|2 Aug 1986
|align=left| Detroit Lakes, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Inoke Katoa
|PTS
|10
|4 Jul 1986
|align=left| Gardnerville, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Jimmy Young
|MD
|10
|12 Mar 1986
|align=left| Bloomington, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Jimmy Young
|UD
|10
|20 Jan 1986
|align=left| Marshall, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Walter Daniel Falconi
|PTS
|10
|9 Nov 1985
|align=left| Buenos Aires, Argentina
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Pierre Coetzer
|PTS
|10
|13 May 1985
|align=left| Johannesburg, South Africa
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Al Houck
|PTS
|10
|30 May 1984
|align=left| Mounds View, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ken Arlt
|SD
|10
|12 Apr 1984
|align=left| Portland, Oregon, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ernie Smith
|KO
|7
|3 Jul 1983
|align=left| Gardnerville, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Marvin Camel
|KO
|9
|21 May 1983
|align=left| Billings, Montana, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ralph Rivas
|TKO
|7
|28 Feb 1983
|align=left| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Marty Capasso
|PTS
|10
|14 Dec 1982
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Broderick Mason
|MD
|8
|7 Sep 1982
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Lupe Guerra
|TKO
|4
|14 Jul 1982
|align=left| Saint Paul, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| James Anthony
|KO
|2
|16 Apr 1982
|align=left| Amery, Wisconsin, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left|Jimmy Lee Jackson
|KO
|2
|25 Feb 1982
|align=left| Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Akbar Abdullah
|PTS
|6
|20 Jan 1982
|align=left| Mounds View, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Al Houck
|PTS
|6
|30 Sep 1981
|align=left| Mounds View, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Leroy James
|KO
|1
|30 Jul 1981
|align=left| Gillette, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Solomon Dollison
|PTS
|6
|29 Jul 1981
|align=left| Mounds View, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Jim Hearn
|KO
|3
|6 Jun 1981
|align=left| Amery, Wisconsin, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left|Ingram Butler
|KO
|1
|24 Apr 1981
|align=left| Billings, Montana, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Rick Kellar
|PTS
|4
|21 Jan 1981
|align=left| Saint Paul, Minnesota, U.S.
|align=left|
|}
References
1959 births
American male boxers
Boxers from Minnesota
Heavyweight boxers
Living people
People from Marathon County, Wisconsin
The Presidential Office Building () is an architectural monument of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. The building is the main office of the Office of the President of Ukraine and of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.
It is located at 11 Bankova vulytsia and was initially a reconstruction of the Kyiv Military District headquarters that was built sometime in the 1870s to Oleksandr Shile's design. The building is considered the peak of an architectural artistic work and was built after all government institutions of the Ukrainian SSR were transferred to Kyiv from Kharkiv.
History
The building was built in 1936-39 by the design of the Kharkiv architect Serhiy Grigoriev for the headquarters of the Kyiv Special Military District. The author of the design was able organically unite elements of a classical style and Ukrainian Baroque.
First that may strike visitors it is the unbelievable thickness of building's walls. Specialists explain that it was due to restrictions to build administrative buildings in the Soviet Union of the 1930s which forced to dodge it by building a new structure on the already existing foundation. The new design made a great use of the symmetric campuses of the previous Shile's design of the 1870s.
The new building was considered a reconstruction with some new elements. Its wings were extended, while in the center was formed a special composition - massive risalit with an inserted colonnade of the great Corinthian order. The governing monumentality of the building is underlined by a heavy entablature along with a glazed stylobate of a polished grey tint labradorite ("under coat"). The front entrance of the building is flanked by four rock spheres. The architect planned the design to such extent considering all the details that the big building regardless of being located on a narrow street not only did not squash its surroundings, but also is well observed from all points: from the Instytutska and Lutheranska vulytsi, from the neighboring Franko Square and the remotely located Mykhailiv Square.
In its courtyard are located a dining hall, a laundry room, cleaners, a printing house etc.
References
External links
Information about the building at the presidential website, including photos and a slide show
Our 20. Year 1991. "Inter"
Government buildings in Ukraine
Buildings and structures in Kyiv
Pecherskyi District
Government buildings completed in 1939
Neoclassical architecture in Kyiv
Pybliographer is a reference management software tool that deals with bibliographic databases, used for viewing, editing, searching, and reformatting bibliographies. Written in Python and licensed under GNU GPL, it provides a scripting framework of classes and functions, which makes it extendable to many other applications. Documentation is available.
In addition to the scripting environment, pybliographer provides a graphical GTK+-based interface called Pybliographic, allowing many customizable viewing and editing possibilities. The interface can also be used to insert references directly into LyX, Kile or OpenOffice.org, direct queries to Medline, and more.
File formats supported
BibTeX
ISI
Medline
Ovid
PubMed
Refer
See also
Comparison of reference management software
References
External links
Reference management software
Free reference management software
Free software programmed in Python
Linux TeX software
Software that uses GTK
Software that uses PyGTK
The U.S. state of Alaska has three state forests, which are managed by the Division of Forestry of the Department of Natural Resources.
Alaska state forests
Haines State Forest - Haines Borough
Southeast State Forest - Prince of Wales-Hyder Census Area
Tanana Valley State Forest - Fairbanks North Star Borough
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
External links
Division of Forestry - Alaska's State Forests
State forests
Alaska State Forests
Alaska
Kent McCarty (born January 24, 1993) is an American business owner and politician, representing the 101st District in the Mississippi House of Representatives since 2019.
Early life and education
McCarty was born on January 24, 1993 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi and attended Oak Grove High School. Afterwards, he enrolled at the University of Southern Mississippi, where he graduated with an bachelor's degree degree in finance. While in college, McCarty started Java Moe's Coffee Company and now operates a chain of five locations in Mississippi.
Career
McCarty first ran in the special election to replace former Representative Brad Touchstone, who resigned to take a seat on the Lamar County Court. McCarty placed first in a field of five candidates in the first special election on March 12, 2019 and then went on to win the runoff special election with 68% of the vote on April 2, 2019. McCarty won the August 6, 2019 Republican Primary with 84.8% of the vote.
He was sworn into office on April 5, 2019.
For the 2021 House session, McCarty serves as Vice Chairman of the House Education Committee and also serves on the following House Committees: Accountability, Efficiency, Transparency; Banking and Financial Services; Conservation and Water Resources; Universities and Colleges.
Political positions
During the 2019 election, McCarty campaigned on supporting public education and growing the economy by supporting small businesses.
In 2020, McCarty voted yes on the bill to change the Mississippi State Flag.
References
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
Mississippi Republicans
21st-century American politicians
1993 births
Living people
MicroStation is a CAD software platform for two- and three-dimensional design and drafting, developed and sold by Bentley Systems and used in the architectural and engineering industries. It generates 2D/3D vector graphics objects and elements and includes building information modeling (BIM) features. The current version is MicroStation CONNECT Edition.
History
MicroStation was initially developed by 3 Individual developers and sold and supported by Intergraph in the 1980s. The latest versions of the software are released solely for Microsoft Windows operating systems, but historically MicroStation was available for Macintosh platforms and a number of Unix-like operating systems.
From its inception MicroStation was designed as an IGDS (Interactive Graphics Design System) file editor for the PC. Its initial development was a result of The developers experience developing PseudoStation released in 1984, a program designed to replace the use of proprietary Intergraph graphic workstations to edit DGN files by substituting the much less expensive Tektronix compatible graphics terminals. PseudoStation as well as Intergraph's IGDS program ran on a modified version of Digital Equipment Corporation's VAX super-mini computer.
In 1985, MicroStation 1.0 was released as a DGN file read-only and plot program designed to run exclusively on the IBM PC-AT personal computer.
In 1987, MicroStation 2.0 was released, and was the first version of MicroStation to read and write DGN files.
Almost two years later, MicroStation 3.0 was released, which took advantage of the increasing processing power of the PC, particularly with respect to dynamics.
Intergraph MicroStation 4.0 was released in late 1990 and added many features: reference file clipping and masking, a DWG translator, fence modes, the ability to name levels, as well as GUI enhancements. The 1992 release of version 4 introduced the ability to write applications using the MicroStation Development Language (MDL).
In 1993, MicroStation 5.0 was released. New capabilities included binary raster support, custom line styles, settings manager, and dimension driven design. The "V5 for Power Macintosh provided a comprehensive tool set for both 2-D and 3-D CAD ... with added several truly useful features ... the high-end PowerPC- native CAD package runs on steroids." This was the last version to be supported in Unix. This version was branded both Intergraph (on CLIX) and Bentley MicroStation (on PC). Later versions were all branded Bentley. This was the last version to run on Intergraph CLIX. All platforms other than the PC used 32-bit processors.
In 1995, Windows 95 was released. Bentley soon followed with a release of MicroStation for that operating system. Aside from being the first version of MicroStation to not include the version number in its name (MicroStation 95 was actually MicroStation v5.5), MicroStation 95 included the ability to be mostly driven by graphic icon buttons. This version introduced a host of new features: Accudraw, dockable dialogs, Smartline, revised view controls, movie generation, and the ability to use two application windows (similar to previous Unix driven Intergraph terminals. Many of these features are among the most popular used today. MicroStation 95 was the first version of MicroStation for a PC platform to use 32-bit hardware.
The last multi-platform release, MicroStation SE (SE standing for special edition, but it was actually MicroStation 5.7) was released late in 1997, and was the first MicroStation release to include color button icons. These icons could also be made borderless, just like in Office 97. This version of MicroStation also included several features to enable more work over the internet. This version also introduced enhanced precision and a very commonly used tool in MicroStation - PowerSelector.
MicroStation/J (a.k.a. MicroStation 7.0, a.k.a. MicroStation V7) was released almost a year after SE. The J in the software title stood for Java, as this version introduced a Java-enhanced version of MDL, called JMDL. Other features included QuickvisionGL and a revised help system. MicroStation/J was the last version to be based upon the IGDS file format; since MicroStation/J was actually Version 7, the file format became known as "V7 DGN". That file format had been used for about 20 years.
However, with the advent of MicroStation V8 in 2001 came a new IEEE-754 based 64-bit file format, referred to as V8 DGN. Along with the new file format came many new enhancements, including unlimited levels, a nearly limitless design plane and no limits on filesize. Other features that were added were: Accusnap, Design History, models, unlimited undo, VBA programming, .Net interoperability, True Scale, and standard definitions for working units (as the new file format stored everything internally in meters, but can recognize rational unit conversions so that it can know the size of geometry)(some of these features were also available in MicroStation 95 to MicroStation/J). It also included the ability to work natively with DWG files.
MicroStation V8 2004 Edition (V8.5) followed nearly three years later with support for newer DWG releases, Multi-snaps, PDF creation, the Standards Checker and Feature modeling.
MicroStation V8 XM Edition (V8.9) was released in May 2006. It builds upon the changes made by V8. The XM edition includes a completely revised Direct3d-based graphics subsystem, PDF References, task navigation, element templates, color books, support for PANTONE and RAL color systems and keyboard mapping.
In MicroStation V8i (V8.11) the task navigation was overhauled and the then newest DWG format was supported. MicroStation now contains a module for GPS data.
The current version is MicroStation CONNECT Edition (V10). This version updated the application architecture to 64-bit and changed to a Ribbon Interface. Future versions are being delivered as (roughly) quarterly updates.
File format support
Its native format is the DGN format, though it can also read and write a variety of standard CAD formats including DWG, DXF, SKP and OBJ and produce media output in such forms as rendered images (JPEG and BMP), animations (AVI), 3D web pages in Virtual Reality Modeling Language (VRML), and Adobe Systems PDF.
At its inception, MicroStation was used in the engineering and architecture fields primarily for creating construction drawings; however, it has evolved through its various versions to include advanced parametric modeling and rendering features, including Boolean solids, VUE Rendering, raytracing, pathtracing, PBR Materials, and keyframe animation. It can provide specialized environments for architecture, civil engineering, mapping, or plant design, among others.
In 2000, Bentley made revisions to the DGN file format in V8 to add additional features like Digital Rights and Design History - a revision control ability that allows reinstating previous revisions either globally or by selection, and to better support import/export of Autodesk's DWG format. Additionally, the V8 DGN file format removed many data restrictions from earlier releases such as limited design levels and drawing area.
CONNECT Edition versions continue to use the V8 DGN file format.
See also
ProjectWise
GenerativeComponents
Comparison of computer-aided design editors
References
External links
MicroStation home page at Bentley
CONNECT Edition Book Series at Bentley
Computer-aided design software
Computer-aided design software for Windows
Genetic reductionism is the belief that understanding genes is sufficient to understand all aspects of human behavior. It is a specific form of reductionism and of biological determinism, based on a perspective which defines genes as distinct units of information with consistent properties. It also covers attempts to define specific phenomena in exclusively genetic terms, as in the case of the "warrior gene".
The concept has been criticized by many biologists. According to Affifi (2017), "With the discoveries of pleiotropy and epistasis, cracks in the reductionist paradigm emerged even before the rise of molecular biology, but the full extent of the interdependency and flexible adaptivity of the genome has really come to light in the past 10 years..." The genetic reductionist perspective can be appropriate when used to identify changes in specific genetic loci that cause differences in a given phenotype.
References
Reductionism
Human genetics
Cassida flaveola, also known as the pale tortoise beetle, is a brownish coloured beetle in the leaf beetle family.
Distribution
The beetle is found in the Palearctic realm, east up to the Russian Far East.
Ecology
The host plants are Caryophyllaceae species, including Cerastium vulgatum, Honckenya peploides, Malachium aquaticum, Spergula arvensis, Spergula nemorum, Stellaria graminea and Stellaria media.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1794
Taxa named by Carl Peter Thunberg
Beetles of Europe
Palearctic insects
Sweileh (, alternatively spelled Suwaylih, Swaylih or Swaileh) is district number sixteen in Amman, Jordan out of twenty-seven. It lies to the north of the city center. It was founded by Chechen settlers in 1906 during Ottoman rule. It had a population of 151,016 in the 2015 census. The town is known for having a good climate throughout the year, it is one of the few districts of Amman that sees snow during winter due to its high altitude. The cultivation of olives and grapes, heavy industries, such as auto assembly, steel, and cement, make up the local economy. Today, it is considered one of Amman's most populated districts since it has the University of Jordan and is a connection point to other cities such as Salt, Irbid and Jarash.
History
Sweileh was founded as an agricultural village called Ayn Suwaylih in 1906 by Circassian and Chechen settlers who were moved to the area by the Ottomans from other parts of the Empire. It was the fourth village in the Balqa region to be settled by Chechen refugees. On 3 May 1907 the settlement was raided by 2,000 Adwan, Abbad, Balqawiya and Bani Hasan tribesmen and townspeople from Salt and Fuheis in response to an earlier quarrel in which a Bedouin herder was wounded attempting to graze livestock on wheat fields claimed by the Chechens. The raid ended in the deaths of eleven settlers and the wounding of fifteen others, while a similar number of raiders were killed. All of the village's livestock and the entire contents of twenty-eight dwelling were stolen in the raid. The Ottoman authorities arrested sixty people allegedly involved the raid, including several tribal chiefs, dismissed the governor of the Salt kaza (district), and opened a wide-scale reparations project to compensate the Chechens. The population of the village according to the 1915 Ottoman census was 745. In the 1940s a road connecting Amman with Jabal Ajlun in the northeast of the country was opened through Sweileh; the new road was built for commercial and security purposes.
References
Bibliography
1906 establishments in Ottoman Syria
Districts of Amman
Populated places in Amman Governorate
Full of Hell / Code Orange Kids is a split EP between the American hardcore bands Full of Hell and Code Orange Kids. The album was released on April 17, 2012 through Topshelf Records. Both bands toured together later in 2012, and Code Orange Kids released a music video directed by Max Moore for the track "V (My Body Is a Well)" that featured live footage recorded from the band's performance at a Louisville, Kentucky house show mixed with shots of "anthropomorphic Evil Dead-like tree branches."
Reception
The split received generally favorable views. Writing for Alternative Press, Kevin Stewart-Panko gave the album a three-and-a-half out of five stars and said Code Orange Kids' two songs, "'IV (My Mind Is a Prison)' and 'V (My Body Is a Well)' are expansive and spastic with a spirited, three-pronged vocal attack our disenfranchised inner-anarchist just loves, not to mention the Pg. 99 and Orchid influence they bring to the table. The downfall to Code Orange Kids' contribution is the tendency to meander. The songs' parts often seem cobbled together, with the result being that the musical flow suffers." Writing for AbsolutePunk, Adam Pfleider gave the album an 8.8 out of 10.0 and said about Code Orange Kids' side that they have, "already hearkened an intensity begotten of early Fear Before the March of Flames, but they move into The Always Open Mouth territory on 'IV (My Mind Is a Prison),' and it gives us a hopeful preview of their upcoming full-length with the band's best track to date. The four piece close out the b-side with 'V (My Body Is a Well),' memorable of why the band has made a name for themselves thus far." Writing for Exclaim!, Kiel Hume said that on Code Orange Kids' side, "The group's (marginally) more traditional hardcore sound ebbs and flows between breakdown-style riffs and fast sections; one moment it's punishing riffing and the next it's speedy, all-in screaming. With a variety of vocal styles working in this cacophony, Reba's (guitar) at once melodic and acidic vocals stand out."
On Full of Hell's songs, Stewart-Panko said, "Their half of this split ('Fox Womb' and 'Reeds In A River, Dry') is mired in miserable, pitch-black emotion conveyed by a thick and wiry guitar sound, dual-vocal contrasts and a reverbed-out production value that recalls basement show abrasion and early-'90s death metal." On Full of Hell's side, Pfleider said the band is, "a terrifying group of kids. The wall of guitars mixed with the "devil-escaping" opening vocals of 'Fox Womb' is an opening murder scene. The track moves from barking sludge to quick hitting hardcore and back to drowning before feeding into the hardcore exorcism of 'Reeds In a River, Dry.'" On Full of Hell's side, Hume wrote, "'Fox Womb' lurches to life in slow, steady chords until it suddenly unravels into maniacal screeching and growls before ending on a lucid, fading scream. Full of Hell's nature imagery and song titles suggest a war of all against all, a world of imminent extinction and human knowledge of this fact. This theme is continued in Full of Hell's second track, 'Reeds in a River, Dry.'"
Track listing
Side A: Full of Hell
"Fox Womb" – 3:14
"Reeds in a River, Dry" – 2:12
Side B: Code Orange Kids
"IV (My Mind Is a Prison)" – 2:58
"V (My Body Is a Well)" – 3:34
References
External links
Full of Hell / Code Orange Kids on Bandcamp
2012 EPs
Hardcore punk EPs
Full of Hell (band) albums
Code Orange (band) albums
Tomislav "Tom" Zanoški (born March 3, 1984) is a Croatian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing for Dunaújvárosi Acélbikák.
Playing career
Zanoški was born in Zagreb, Croatia, but immigrated to Canada and was raised in Brampton, Ontario. He originally started his junior career in the Ontario Junior A Hockey League with the Vaughan Vipers in 2001.
Zanoški played for the Owen Sound Attack of the Ontario Hockey League from 2001 to 2003 and in the 2002 to 2003 season they made the playoffs. He was sent to the Mississauga IceDogs during the 2003–04 season and played with them until 2005. This team also made the playoffs in 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons.
Zanoški enrolled at Dalhousie University in 2005 and attended classes there until midway through the 2007–08 season when he turned professional, joining the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL, where he played in 42 regular season games and 4 playoff games.
He began the 2008–09 season with the Thunder, playing in 3 games, but was then loaned to the Dayton Bombers for another 3 games. He was then traded to the Gwinnett Gladiators, where he remained for the rest of the ECHL season, including the playoffs. Zanoški was then re-signed to a one-year contract with the Gladiators on June 19, 2009.
In the 2009–10 season, Zanoški improved his offensive output with Gwinnett, with 47 points in 42 games, and was selected on one occasion as runner-up in the ECHL's player of the week. . Throughout the season, Zanoški appeared on loan for 5 different American Hockey League teams. On December 15, 2009, he was signed to a professional tryout with the Binghamton Senators, but was released 5 days later. After a short stint with the Albany River Rats from January 15, he was later signed to a P.T.O with the Lake Erie Monsters on January 21, and scored two goals in 9 games, his first in the AHL. Zanoški then finished out the season with two game spells with the Toronto Marlies and the Syracuse Crunch.
On July 2, 2010, Zanoški's ECHL rights were retained by the Gladiators for the 2010–11 season. However, after making an impact in his brief time with Lake Erie of the AHL the previous season, he was signed by the Monsters to a season-long contract. After posting 6 points in 21 games with the Monsters, Zanoški was reassigned to the Gladiators on loan. On January 26, 2011, he was released from his Monsters contract and returned to Gwinnett temporarily before leaving for Europe to sign with Wölfe Freiburg of the German 2nd Bundesliga on January 31, for the remainder of the season.
A free agent at season's end and harboring intentions to play for Croatia, Zanoški signed a contract with KHL Medveščak, marking a return to his native Zagreb on June 2, 2011.
During the 2012–13 season, his second with Zagreb, Zanoski was released. He joined EBEL club EC KAC of Austria on December 13, 2012.
On September 11, 2014, Zanoški returned to the EBEL on a one-month try-out contract, signing as injury cover with Italian club, HC Bolzano. Seven games into the 2014–15 season, Zanoski's try-out was terminated and he was not offered a contract. On October 8, 2014, he signed for the remainder of the EBEL season with Slovenian club, HDD Olimpija Ljubljana.
Zanoški returned to Croatia as a free agent for a second stint with KHL Medveščak Zagreb, now of the Kontinental Hockey League, on July 9, 2015.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1984 births
Albany River Rats players
Binghamton Senators players
Bolzano HC players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Austria
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Slovenia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Croatia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Italy
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Croatian ice hockey right wingers
Dalhousie University alumni
Dayton Bombers players
EHC Black Wings Linz players
Evansville IceMen players
EHC Freiburg players
Gwinnett Gladiators players
HDD Olimpija Ljubljana players
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
EC KAC players
Lake Erie Monsters players
Living people
Mississauga IceDogs players
Ontario Junior Hockey League players
Owen Sound Attack players
Stockton Thunder players
Syracuse Crunch players
Toronto Marlies players
IF Troja/Ljungby players
Sheffield Steelers players
is a video game character whose popularity peaked during the late 1980s and who was the protagonist of both a series of video games released by Sega and their fictional universe, as well as in numerous spin-offs such as novelizations and comics.
Alex Kidd is the protagonist of several video games, spanning various platforms, and appeared in the arcade and on the Master System and Mega Drive/Genesis home consoles. Alex Kidd's popularity was at a peak with the release of the first game in the series, Alex Kidd in Miracle World in 1986. However, Sega wished to have a mascot to rival Nintendo's flagship character Mario, a task which Alex Kidd was not considered up to. In 1991, Sega introduced Sonic the Hedgehog. After this, Alex Kidd fell into obscurity as the development of new games in the series had stopped. Despite that, he has made cameo appearances in other games. A remake of the first game was released on June 22, 2021, making it the first main appearance of the character since 1990's Alex Kidd in Shinobi World.
Character description
Alex Kidd appears as a short boy with large ears and slightly monkey-like features, a red and yellow jumpsuit, and oversized hands. Sometimes he appeared as a teenager, with his age stated to be 14 years old in human terms. He is a member of an alien race known as the Arians, a species possessing an incredibly long lifespan, with Alex himself having lived many hundreds of years previously.
Disregarding the various costumes he would wear in the later Alex Kidd titles, the initial appearance of the character would swing between garb loosely resembling a traditional Mandarin tunic or red-striped jumpsuit, sometimes overalls closer to the appearance of Mario depending on the localisation. The character of Alex Kidd was inspired chiefly by Sun Wukong from the Chinese novel Journey to the West, martial artist Bruce Lee, and Goku from the Dragon Ball franchise.
In the original game, he is an orphan who lives alone on Mt. Eternal, on the planet Aries (also known as "Miracle World"), where he has trained in the Shellcore technique. This technique enables an Arian to alter the size and toughness of their fists through sheer willpower, and enables one to shatter rocks with bare fists.
After the disappearance of King Thunder (referred to in-game as "King Sander"), the planet Aries is thrown into disarray. A usurper, Janken the Great, kidnaps the next in line to the throne, Prince Igul (referred to in the manual as "Egle"), and his fiancée Princess Lora. Many of the citizens are turned to stone through Janken's magic. Alex Kidd learns from a dying man that he is in fact a lost member of the Radaxian Royal Family, son of King Thunder and brother of Prince Egle. Alex Kidd sets out to discover the whereabouts of his father, rescue his brother, restore the kingdom, and destroy the monstrous minions of Janken. Numerous magical artifacts and medallions must be discovered to progress in the story.
During the game, Alex can collect "Baums" (the currency of Miracle World) which can then be used to purchase extra lives, items, power-ups and vehicles for Alex Kidd from shops at the start of several stages, such as the Sukopako Motorcycle and the Petit-copter, a small pedal-powered helicopter.
After Alex defeats Janken the Great, the game explains how Alex restores peace to Radaxian, and that the people who were turned to stone by Janken have returned to normal. In the city, Egle is crowned King of Radaxian, and Alex Kidd, with his martial arts, takes the position of Defender of the City, although his next goal will be to find his father, King Thunder.
Some time later, in Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle, Alex hears a rumor that his long lost father (referred to in this game as King Thor) is alive and well on the Planet Paperock (known in Japan as "Janbarik"). The Planet earned this name as it is inhabited by experts at the game "Paper, Rock, Scissors". Despite discouragement from his family, Alex travels to the Planet Paperock in hopes of finding his father, and learns that the king had been kidnapped by Ashra, son of Janken the Great. After travelling to the Sky Castle, King Thunder reveals that he was not abducted by Ashra, and was actually using him as a servant.
Legacy
Alex Kidd has continued to make cameo appearances in other Sega titles, including as a playable character in Sega Superstars Tennis, Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing, and Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed.
Alex Kidd is one of several Sega and Capcom guest heroes who are recruited by Sonic the Hedgehog and Break Man to battle Sigma in the Worlds Unite crossover from Archie Comics. The crossover spans Archie's Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic Universe, Sonic Boom, and Mega Man comic series.
Notes
References
Video game characters introduced in 1986
Child characters in video games
Extraterrestrial characters in video games
Male characters in video games
Sega protagonists
Prince characters in video games
Video game mascots
The Misamis Oriental Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Misamis Oriental.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Misamis Oriental.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Misamis Oriental's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Jeremy Jonahmar G. Pelaez (UNA)
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
2nd District Board Members
References
Politics of Misamis Oriental
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Einar Fredrik Åke Tinius Nagell-Erichsen (15 February 1934 – 12 November 2007) was a Norwegian publisher, noted for his leadership of the Schibsted media conglomerate which includes the broadsheet newspaper Aftenposten and the tabloid Verdens gang.
Nagell-Erichsen was the great-grandson of Christian Michael Schibsted, the founder of the Schibsted corporation. His father was the Leif Nagell-Erichsen, a noted attorney. The Schibsted corporation was closely held by the Nagell-Erichsen, Riddervold, and Huitfeld families.
Education
Nagell-Erichsen attended the London School of Economics, earning a Master of Science in 1959. He also worked as a waiter for two years in California. He started his career in newspapers as a journalist at a local newspaper Lillehammer Tilskuer to learn the newspaper trade, even learning how to use the typesetting equipment.
Work life
Nagell-Erichsen joined Aftenposten as a junior manager, to the surprise of the owning families of the corporations. In 1968 he became publisher of Verdens Gang, which at the time was at the brink of bankruptcy. He turned the newspaper around, setting it for the course of becoming Norway's largest newspaper. He took over as publisher of Aftenposten in 1970 until 1983, and was the chairman of the board for Schibsted from 1992-2002.
The Tinius Trust
Nagell-Erichsen was noted for his gregarious manner and idealism. Among other things, he arranged to place the ownership of Schibsted in an irrevocable trust that would make it impossible for foreign interests to buy the newspaper. The Tinius Trust was founded in 1996.
References
Obituary in Aftenposten, by Per Egil Hegge
Press release from Schibsted ASA
Article in Verdens Gang
1934 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Schibsted
20th-century Norwegian journalists
Dap Chhuon (), also known as Chuan Khemphet (), Khem Phet, Chhuon Mochulpech () or Chhuon Mchoul Pich () (1912–1959) was a right-wing Cambodian nationalist, guerrilla leader, regional warlord, and general.
Chhuon was born in Siem Reap and grew up in Prey Veng, joining the French militia in which he rose to the rank of sergeant. In the Franco-Thai War he was captured by - or deserted to - Thai forces, and in 1943 again deserted from the Cambodian National Guard at Bang Mealas, allegedly in the possession of his men's pay. By the mid-1940s, Chhuon was backed by the Thai government in organising anti-French guerrilla bands in the area of Siem Reap.
In August 1946 a disparate group of activists led by Chhuon, Prince Norodom Chantaraingsey and the leftist Son Ngoc Minh fought French troops in Siem Reap over the course of several days. Chhuon went on to become a leader of the Khmer People's Liberation Committee, a grouping of various regional elements of the Khmer Issarak resistance. However, in late 1949 he and his men went over to the French, who rewarded him with virtual control of parts of northern Cambodia and an official military post as commander of the "Franco-Khmer Corps".
Chhuon had a reputation for extreme brutality which had rapidly alienated the other Issarak leaders, and ruled effectively by personal decree. He was held in awe by the local peasantry. They accredited him with powers of invulnerability, reinforced by his habit of demonstrating feats of strength and his "daunting" appearance, being cadaverously thin with "unblinking, deep-set eyes".
By 1954 and Cambodian independence, Chhuon had again switched allegiance, this time to the new government of Norodom Sihanouk; Sihanouk even took him to the Geneva Conference in order to demonstrate that he had Issarak support. In October 1954, in the run-up to the 1955 elections, Chhuon formed an alliance between his 'Victorious North-East' political party and several other small parties (including Lon Nol's Khmer Renovation party) which proclaimed themselves as monarchist, traditionalist and rightist. This rightist alliance formed the basis of Sihanouk's Sangkum Reastr Niyum political organisation. During the 1955 elections, Chhuon's militia were routinely used to break up rallies of Sangkum opponents and intimidate voters.
Chhuon became Sihanouk's Internal Security Minister, and the Governor of Siem Reap Province. Although he had begun his career fighting alongside the Viet Minh, Chhuon's increasingly strident anticommunism caused him to be suggested by Robert McClintock, the US Ambassador to Cambodia between 1954 and 1956, to cultivate as a possible replacement for Sihanouk. His disagreements with Sihanouk over the latter's courting of communist China led to him being dropped from the cabinet in 1957, however, and he began to openly break with Sihanouk's regime.
In 1959 Chhuon was exposed in an allegedly Central Intelligence Agency-funded coup plot (the "Dap Chhuon Plot" or Bangkok Plot), and Sihanouk ordered his arrest. According to one account, Chhuon was surprised at his home by Lon Nol's security forces and despite escaping clad only in an under-sarong, he was quickly recaptured and killed. Sihanouk was later to claim that Lon Nol had secretly ordered Chhuon to be shot at capture in order to avoid being implicated in the coup himself.
One of Chhuon's brothers, Kem Srey, was closely associated with him in his political activities and another brother, Kem Penh, was an international arms dealer. A half-brother, Slat Peou (1929–60), an embassy worker and later the Sangkum delegate for Siem Reap, was executed for his involvement in the 1959 plot.
References
Cambodian anti-communists
Cambodian generals
Cambodian independence activists
Assassinated Cambodian people
People of the First Indochina War
People from Prey Veng province
People from Siem Reap province
1912 births
1959 deaths
Benjamin Franklin Bowles (1869–1928) commonly written as B. F. Bowles, was an African American civil rights leader, teacher, high school principal, and the founder and president of Douglass University, a 20th-century college for African Americans in segregated St. Louis, Missouri.
Biography
Benjamin Franklin Bowles was born on a farm near Cooperville in Pike County, Ohio. His parents were Delia (née Nash) and John H. Bowles. Bowles attended Wilberforce University, and received a A. M. degree in 1905. He had been married twice, first to Annie R. Anderson, followed by Caroline "Carrie" King Johnson. In total he had five children.
Early in his career he taught grammar school in Du Quoin and Metropolis, Illinois. He served as principal of Lincoln High School in East St. Louis from 1896 to 1914. He also worked as faculty at Lincoln University, a public historically black land-grant university in Jefferson City, Missouri.
In 1921, Bowles signed a NAACP petition as a representative in Missouri, in support of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill.
Bowles founded Douglass University in St. Louis in 1926, which he operated until the late 1920s due to a decline in his health. The school remained active off-and-on for decades after. At the time of the university's founding, no other college in St. Louis County admitted black students. The first university in the state of Missouri allowing black students to attend was Lincoln University (founded in 1866), which was followed by Douglass University. It was also only one of two schools in the United States offering full law degrees to black students.
Death and legacy
Bowles died in September 1928. W. E. B. DuBois wrote to Benjamin F. Bowles' wife Carrie after Bowles death requesting an obituary writeup for The Crisis.
References
1869 births
1928 deaths
African-American activists
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Lincoln University (Missouri) faculty
20th-century African-American academics
Activists for African-American civil rights
African-American educators
American academic administrators
Wilberforce University alumni
American school principals
People from Pike County, Ohio
African-American schoolteachers
American schoolteachers
Founders of universities
Founders of schools in the United States
The Stewart Mountain Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located 41 miles northeast of Phoenix, Arizona. The dam is long, high, and was built between 1928 and 1930. The dam includes a 13,000 kilowatt (kW) hydroelectric generating unit that is operated by SRP (Salt River Project), an Arizona public utility. It is primarily operated during the summer months. The dam forms Saguaro Lake as it slows the passage of the Salt River in Maricopa County, Arizona. It was named after a ranch that used to be located nearby known as the Old Stewart Ranch.
A camp was built just below the dam in 1927 to house the construction workers; after the damn's completion it was turned into the Saguaro Lake Guest Ranch.
The dam was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
Gallery
References
External links
Dams in Arizona
Hydroelectric power plants in Arizona
Arch dams
Buildings and structures in Maricopa County, Arizona
United States Bureau of Reclamation dams
Dams completed in 1930
Dams on the Salt River (Arizona)
Historic American Engineering Record in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Maricopa County, Arizona
Dams on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
George Martin Skurla (July 2, 1921 – September 2, 2001) graduated from University of Michigan in 1944 and was an aeronautical engineer with Grumman Corporation. He began his career as an apprentice engineer, rising through the ranks and in 1965 becoming Director of Operations at the Kennedy Space Center. He was responsible for overseeing the production of the Lunar Modules for the Apollo Program. In June 1973, he oversaw operations for the design and production of the F-14 Tomcat and A-6 Intruder aircraft. He was elected president of Grumman Corporation in 1985 and retired the next year after 42 years with Grumman Corporation. He died from pneumonia in Melbourne, Florida at Holmes Regional Medical Center at age 80. At Florida Institute of Technology in Melbourne, Florida, the aeronautics building is named after him, where he served on the Board of Trustees.
Skurla is of Croatian descent.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20040923195304/http://marina.fortunecity.com/finisterre/336/george_sk_obit.htm
http://www.croatians.com/MOON-SKURLA.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20070724194351/http://www.grummanpark.org/Newsletters/newslettervol1no5.htm
External links
1921 births
2001 deaths
Burials at the Cemetery of the Holy Rood
American aerospace engineers
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
American people of Croatian descent
Deaths from pneumonia in Florida
20th-century American engineers
Canal 6 (Honduras) is a television station in San Pedro Sula, Honduras, that has been broadcasting since June 27, 1977.
References
External links
Official site
Canal 6 Live on Honduras 504
Canal6 Noti6 Live on Hondu.TV
Television in Honduras
Spanish-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1977
Mass media in San Pedro Sula
1977 establishments in Honduras
V Battery Royal Horse Artillery was a battery of the Royal Horse Artillery. Formed in 1804, the battery took part in the Napoleonic Warsnotably the Peninsular War and Battle of Waterloobefore being placed into suspended animation in 1816 as part of the usual post-war reductions of the British Army.
Reformed in 1900, the battery saw active service on the Western Front and in Mesopotamia during the First World War. Reverting to the Royal Artillery as V Battery Royal Artillery, it served in North Africa and the Far East in the Second World War.
Since the Second World War, it has seen a wide variety of service as towed and self-propelled artillery, a training unit, and latterly as an Aviation Tactical Group. It has been based in Germany as part of the BAOR, Malaysia and Borneo (Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation) and Afghanistan (Operation Herrick). In May 2013 it was placed in suspended animation a second time.
History
Napoleonic Wars
The battery was formed on 1 November 1793 as D Troop, Horse Artillery at Woolwich with six 6 pounder guns as a horse artillery battery of the British Army. It remained at home for the French Revolutionary Wars and the early part of the Napoleonic Wars, but departed for the Iberian Peninsula in March 1810 under command of Captain George Lefebvre (hence known as Lefebvre's Troop).
Thereafter, it took part in a number of Wellington's major actions of the Peninsular War including the Battle of Bussaco in 1810 and the Siege of Almeida, the Battle of Albuera and the Battle of Usagre in 1811. Lefebvre died on 23 October 1812 and was succeeded by Captain George Beane (hence Beane's Troop). It then took part in the Battle of Vitoria and Battle of the Pyrenees in 1813 and the Battle of Orthez and Battle of Toulouse in 1814.
Armed with 9 pounder guns it took part in the Hundred Days Campaign in 1815 under the command of Major Beane, notably the Battle of Waterloo. Beane was killed in action in the battle and Captain Mercer took command. It then took part in the advance to Paris. In the usual post-war reductions of the British Army, a number of troops of horse artillery were disbanded between 1815 and 1816, including D Troop on 31 July 1816.
First World War
The battery was reformed on 13 February 1900 as V Battery, Royal Horse Artillery.
On 1 March 1901, a new brigade system was introduced and the battery was assigned to the II Brigade-Division, RHA (redesignated as XII Brigade, RHA on 1 October 1906) along with W Battery. In 1903 it was stationed at Woolwich.
By the time the First World War broke out, the battery had been re-equipped with six quick-firing 13 pounders. It was still with W Battery in XII Brigade, and was stationed at Meerut, assigned to the 7th (Meerut) Division. On mobilization, V Battery was transferred to the newly formed II Indian Brigade, RHA, 2nd Indian Cavalry Division and sailed for the Western Front in November 1914. In practice, the artillery batteries were permanently assigned to the division's cavalry brigades and the battery was attached to 7th (Meerut) Cavalry Brigade.
2nd Indian Cavalry Division did not take part in any major actions in 1915 and the early part of 1916, but the battery served in the trenches as infantry at times. In June 1916, 7th (Meerut) Cavalry Brigade (complete with V Battery) left the division and was reformed for service in Mesopotamia.
The battery arrived in Mesopotamia in August 1916 and remained there with the 7th Indian Cavalry Brigade for the rest of the war. The brigade initially served as an independent formation, as part of the Cavalry Division from 8 December 1916 to 8 April 1918, and independent again thereafter.
From December 1916, it took part in the advance to Kut, culminating in the Second Battle of Kut (23 February 1917). It then took part in the Pursuit to Baghdad and a number of actions later in 1917. In 1918 it took part in the Affair of Kulawand (27 April), the action of Tuz Khurmatli (29 April), the action at Fat-ha Gorge on the Little Zab (23–26 October 1918) and the Battle of Sharqat (28–30 October 1918) under the command of I Corps.
After the Armistice of Mudros, the 7th Indian Cavalry Brigade was selected to form part of the occupation forces for Mesopotamia. The brigade was finally broken up in late 1920.
Inter-war period
Post-war plans for the RHA envisioned that it would have 27 batteries in nine brigades. In May 1919, the battery joined the newly reformed VI Brigade, RHA at Shorncliffe with W and X Batteries. This new organisation was short-lived, however, as the usual post-war reductions took their toll. On 8 January 1920, the brigade was absorbed into 8th Brigade, Royal Field Artillery and on 4 May 1920, V, W, and X Batteries were converted to 137th, 138th and 139th Batteries, RFA in 8th Brigade, RFA. On 1 November 1922 it was redesignated as 103rd Battery, RFA before resuming its original designation as V Battery, Royal Artillery on 1 May 1924.
With effect from May 1938, brigades were redesignated as regiments and 8th Brigade became 8th Field Regiment, RA on 11 May. V Battery was still with the regiment on the outbreak of the Second World War with W, X and AA Batteries. It was stationed at Lucknow, India with 6th Indian Infantry Brigade equipped with 18/25 pounders.
Second World War
The battery served with 8th Field Regiment throughout the Second World War. On 25 August 1940 they left India, arrived in Egypt on 13 September and joined Headquarters Matruh Fortress (22nd Brigade).
From 1938, field artillery brigades had been reorganized from three or four six-gun batteries to two 12-gun batteries. Rather than disband existing batteries, they were instead linked in pairs. Strangely, this did not happen in 8th Field Regiment until 18 September 1940 (after arrival in Egypt) when V Battery was linked with AA Battery as V/AA Battery (and W and X batteries were linked as W/X Battery). The experience of the BEF in May 1940 had already shown the limitations of having artillery regiments formed with two 12-gun batteries: field regiments were intended to support an infantry brigade of three battalions (or armoured brigade of three regiments). This could not be managed without severe disruption to the regiment. As a result, field regiments were reorganised into three 8-gun batteries but this did not happen in 8th Field Regiment until November 1942.
By now re-equipped with 25 pounders, on 2 January 1942 it was assigned to 2nd Armoured Brigade, to 5th Indian Infantry Brigade, 4th Indian Infantry Division on 12 February and to 70th Infantry Division on 28 February. In reaction to the Japanese entry into the war, it immediately returned to India with 70th Infantry Division, departing Egypt on 6 March and arriving on 23 March. It was posted to the Ranchi area.
8th Regiment was reorganized as three batteries in November 1942. The sources differ as to the designation of the battery at this point. Clarke states that it remained as V/AA Battery until 31 December 1946 when V Battery absorbed AA Battery. Frederick is in accordance with this. Joslen and Barton state that it became V Battery in November 1942. A proposal to number the battery as 578th Field Battery in March 1943 was rescinded in April.
On 27 April 1943, it moves to Calcutta and on 14 July to Bangalore. From 6 September 1943, 70th Division was reorganized for the role of Long Range Penetration (Chindits). 8th Field Regiment (and V Battery) left the division on 30 September 1943 and came under the command of Royal Artillery Southern Army. It was reorganized as a Jungle Field Regiment.
On 11 November 1943, it joined 25th Indian Infantry Division and with it moved to the Arakan on 21 March 1944. It remained in Burma with the 25th Division until 28 May 1945 when it departed Rangoon, arriving at Bangalore on 4 June. There, it joined 26th Indian Infantry Division until 20 July when it transferred to Poona and come under the command of 36th Infantry Division. It ended the war with 36th Division in India.
Post-war
Plans were put in place at the end of 1946 to create a total of eight RHA regiments to form the artillery element of the 6th and 7th Armoured Divisions in the British Army of the Rhine. 8th Regiment, RHA was to be a Light Anti-Aircraft (LAA) Regiment with V, W and X Batteries. V Battery became RHA on 31 December 1946. Initially formed in the BAOR in October 1946, the decision was rescinded in March 1947 before the regiment was fully constituted. On 1 April 1947, the regiment became 10th Field Regiment, Royal Artillery and the battery transferred to 4th Regiment, RHA at Dorset Barracks, Kiel equipped with 25 pounders. It moved to England (Blackdown Barracks) in July 1948 before returning to Germany (Hohne) in March 1951.
On 3 December 1951, it once again reverted to the Royal Artillery as V Battery, RA and joined 6th Field Regiment in exchange for O Battery in the Suez Canal Zone. Equipped with Sexton 25 pounder self-propelled guns, it returned to Germany in 1954 (Hohne again, then Munsterlager) until August 1962 when the regiment returned to England, where it was stationed at Larkhill as part of the Royal School of Artillery. In January 1966, it moved with the regiment to Terendak Camp, Malacca, Malaysia, where the battery saw a duty stint in Borneo in the same year. The battery was now armed with 105mm Pack Howitzers. On 10 May 1968, 6th Regiment was placed in suspended animation and V Battery with it.
The battery was reformed in 2008 and joined 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery at Colchester as an Aviation Tactical Group. It played a key role in the integration of the Apache attack helicopters into British Army operations. It deployed with 7 Para RHA as part of 16 Air Assault Brigade to Helmand Province, Afghanistan as part of Operation Herrick from October 2010 to April 2011.
Under Army 2020 plans, 7 Para RHA was reduced from five to three batteries; H Battery was transferred to 1st RHA in August 2013 and V Battery was, once again, placed in suspended animation in May of the same year.
See also
British Army
Royal Artillery
Royal Horse Artillery
List of Royal Artillery Batteries
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Royal Horse Artillery batteries
Royal Artillery batteries
1793 establishments in Great Britain
1900 establishments in the United Kingdom
2008 establishments in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations established in 1793
Military units and formations disestablished in 1816
Military units and formations established in 1900
Military units and formations disestablished in 1948
Military units and formations established in 2008
Military units and formations disestablished in 2013
Kimwanyi is a neighborhood in Kira Municipality, Wakiso District, in the Buganda Region of Uganda. Kimwanyi also refers to Kimwanyi Parish, in Kira sub-county, Kyaddondo County, Wakiso District. It is one of the six parishes (wards) of Kira Municicipality, namely; Kimwanyi, Kira, Kyaliwajjala, Kireka, Bweyogerere and Kirinnya.
Location
Kimwanyi is in Kimwanyi Ward (Kimwanyi Parish), in northeastern Kira Municipality, Wakiso District, in Central Uganda. It is approximately , by road, north of the central business district of Kira Town. This is approximately , by road, northeast of downtown Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city. The Kimwanyi neighborhood is bordered by Nakweero to the north, Kijabijo to the northeast, Kitukutwe to the east, Kiwologoma to the southeast, Bulindo to the south, Gayaza to the west, and Manyangwa to the northwest. The coordinates of Kimwanyi are 0°27'12.0"N, 32°38'05.0"E (Latitude:0.453336; Longitude:32.634733). Kimwanyi sits at an average elevation of , above sea level.
Overview
Kimwanyi is a rural neighborhood. In 2001, a law was passed incorporating the village into the newly created Kira Municipality, the second-largest urban center in Uganda, with a population of 313,761 according to the 2014 national census.
The neighborhood is the location of Kimwanyi Umea Primary School, an elementary school, administered by the Uganda Muslim Community. Also located there is the Namugongo Youth and Women Development Association (YWDAN), a non-profit organization.
Population
In 2002, the national census estimated the population of Kira Municipality at 142,800. Kimwanyi Parish's population at the time was about 6,800 (approximately 5% of the total). In 2014, the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS), enumerated population of Kira at 313,761. Given that data, it is estimated that the population of Kimwanyi Parish (Kimwanyi Ward) in 2014, was about 15,700.
See also
Bweyogerere
Kirinnya
Kireka
Kyaliwajjala
References
External links
Project Report supported by Japan Water Forum Fund 2012
Populated places in Central Region, Uganda
Cities in the Great Rift Valley
Kira Town
Mediation in Australia, as a form of mediation, involves understanding the role that culture plays in the multi-cultural society of Australia. Cultural differences often exist due to race and ethnicity, but can also arise from religion, gender, age, sexual orientation and disabilities. Major concerns in cross-cultural dispute resolution include perceived power imbalance—often escalated by communication difficulties, misconceptions, negotiation behaviour, face-saving and the publicity surrounding the dispute.
Native title mediation
Native title in Australia has frequently given rise to mediation. If a mediator lacks cultural literacy across different cultures or awareness of parties having difficulties during the mediation due to differences in culture, then the mediator's lack of understanding or misunderstanding could cause a breakdown in the negotiation-process. Cultural awareness ensures that mediators can adapt their skills and techniques to ensure that they can maintain their standard of care throughout the mediation process.
Native-title mediation differs from regular mediation in that, rather than the parties referring a dispute to mediation, the Federal Court of Australia can also determine whether the National Native Title Tribunal should mediate a matter. Other distinctive features occur: often native-title mediations can involve up to one hundred participants; lawyers play a minimal role; and rather than making technical legal points the speakers for the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islands people often talk about their family genealogies, traditions, dreaming and stories to support their claims.
The National Native Title Tribunal does not decide whether native title exists over land in question: rather it has the role of mediating contested applications and applications for compensation which originated in the Federal Court of Australia. More importantly, the parties must mandatorily attend a native-title mediation unless the court has granted leave. However, the parties can apply for the termination of the mediation at any time later than three months after the commencement of the mediation.
Due to the large number of applicants in native-title applications, the process of mediation differs somewhat from that of other mediations. The National Native Title Tribunal takes a more "outcome-focused" approach. In the course of a number of pre-mediation meetings the mediator obtains information from the parties in relation to the claim itself and tries to obtain information from the parties regarding their interests in the claim and any other matters which may have relevance to the mediation.
Mediation clauses and the mediation process
Mediation clauses aim to ensure that if a conflict arises the parties will settle it amicably and fairly by triggering the requirement for the parties to use the mediation process (as opposed to the court system). As more Australian companies realise the benefits of settling commercial disputes out-of-court, many companies include compulsory mediation clauses in their contracts. Such benefits include avoiding negative publicity that can often entail following a trial, reduced legal fees and less time spent by management with lawyers.
Contracts which could include mediation clauses include franchise agreements, commercial contracts, building and construction agreements, finance and lease agreements and joint ventures. Standard mediation clauses appear on the websites of professional associations and of mediation agencies; however mediators may draft some clauses to suit specific circumstances, for example if the parties reside in different countries.
Standard mediation clauses generally provide—in the event of a dispute—for the referral of the matter to a mediator, and make it subject to the rules of mediation. Further, standard clauses will often specify an alternative if the parties fail to reach agreement within a specified time. Most importantly, such clauses allow for the continuation of the contract notwithstanding the current dispute.
Note that the Australian courts, in times, have declared a number of mediation clauses void due to poor drafting. The reasons the courts have cited for declaring the mediation clauses void include, for example:
whether the clause survives the termination of the agreement
a sufficiently certain clause
whether the parties agreed to mediate in good faith
in complete mediation
Mediators may therefore obtain legal advice when drafting such clauses to ensure their enforceability.
In Australia, once parties have decided to participate in a mediation, the majority of mediators will require them to sign a document commonly known as an "agreement to mediate". Agreements to mediate represent an important step in the mediation process because parties participating in mediation often have different views and expectations in relation to the mediation process, the mediator's role and the parties' role.
"Agreements to mediate" include clauses in relation to:
the appointment of the mediator
the mediator's role
the scope and conduct of the mediation
conflicts of interest
the roles of the parties
confidentiality and privilege
the mediator's fees
liability and indemnity
authority to settle
termination of the mediation
settlement of the dispute
enforcement of any settlement-agreement reached
Importantly, agreements to mediate provide both the mediator and the parties to the mediation with a contract which, if breached, will give rise to remedies for breach of contract.
Many Australian government agencies, professional and industry-bodies and mediation-agencies provide pro-forma agreements to mediate on their web-sites. The mediator should ensure that the parties understand the terms of the agreement before executing it. Mediators should also give the parties an opportunity to ask questions and suggest changes. Once the parties express themselves content with the agreement to mediate, the mediator should arrange for its signing and dating prior to the commencement of the mediation.
References
Mediation
Society of Australia
Native title in Australia
Digby Smith (born 1 January 1935) is a British military historian. The son of a British career soldier, he was born in Hampshire, England, but spent several years in India and Pakistan as a child and youth. As a "boy soldier", he entered training in the British Army at the age of 16. He was later commissioned in the Royal Corps of Signals, and held several postings with the British Army of the Rhine.
After a career in the British Army Signal Corps, he retired and with a friend started a company selling body armour, followed by several years working in the telecommunications industry. After his second retirement, he lived for a while in Hanau, Germany, but has moved back to Britain.
Originally writing under the pen name, Otto von Pivka, since his retirement from the military he has written another dozen books, venturing into narrative history with his 1813: Leipzig : Napoleon and the Battle of the Nations in 2001 and Charge!: Great Cavalry Charges of the Napoleonic Wars in 2003. His Greenhill Napoleonic Wars Data Book: Actions and Losses in Personnel, Colours, Standards and Artillery, 1792–1815 (1998) is considered a standard for French Revolutionary War and Napoleonic War historians, re-enactors, and hobbyists.
Family
Smith was born 15 January 1935, at the Louise Margaret Military Hospital in Aldershot, Hampshire. His father, George Frederick Smith, was a corporal in the 2nd Infantry Division Signals regiment. In 1937, he was posted to India in the 9th Infantry Division (India) Signals Regiment on the Afghan border in Quetta, Baluchistan. The 1935 Quetta earthquake devastated the area, and the family lived in a tent. At the outbreak of war in 1939, his father was commissioned and posted to Malaya, where, in 1941, he took part in the fighting near Kota Baru. Eventually he was captured at Singapore, and was one of the 60,000 Allied POWs who built the Burma-Siam railway.
Returning in 1942 to Aldershot, Digby Smith was sent, first, to East End Primary School, where he won a Scholarship to Farnborough Grammar School. After the war, in another stint in India and Pakistan, the family journeyed to Rawalpindi, Pakistan. George Smith, now a major, was seconded to the Pakistan Signal Corps. In the absence of adequate schools, 13-year-old Digby attended the Pakistan School of Signals near the Lalkurti Bazaar, where he received his first training in electronics.
Military career
In 1950, he returned to England and school, but left Farnborough Grammar School at the age of 16 to the army as an apprentice telecommunications technician. He received additional training at Minden in 1954 as a Technician III Class. After a six-month stint at the Pintsch Electro Radio Factory in Constance, Smith returned to Duisburg, where he met his wife.
In 1960 the war office selection board sent him to Mons Officer Cadet School at Aldershot, and he received his commission as a lieutenant in 10th Signal Regiment, posted in Krefeld, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Here he was a Troop Commander using the same Pintch equipment he had studied in Constance. In 1961, he received a commission into the Royal Corps of Signals, and served in the British Army of the Rhine. While in service there, he studied German, and explored his growing interest in the military history of the old German states of the Holy Roman Empire. Smith's first foray into the realm of Napoleonic history occurred by chance at Bradbury Barracks in Krefeld. As a qualified linguist, he was asked to research the history of the Barrack's original German regiment, part of the Signal's 20th anniversary at the location. His research led him to the 2nd Westphalian Hussars, who in turn were descended from the green- and purple-clad Cheaveau Legers Uhlanen of Duchy of Berg. This colourful regiment had as its founder the equally colourful Joachim Murat, King of Naples and a Marshal of France under Napoleon.
In 1965, he transferred to the Royal Army Ordnance Corps, where he worked in computers and logistics and the study of work. From 1970 to 1972, he had a stint at the German Armed Forces Command and Staff College, located at Blankenese, near Hamburg.
Post-military
After serving a brief stint at the Ministry of Defence, Whitehall, he retired from the military to start a new career, selling body armour to the German police, who were at that time combating the Baader Meinhof and other urban terrorist groups. In 1981, high tech logistics and customer services markets drew him into international computer and telecommunications companies located in Germany, Saudi Arabia and Moscow. During his assignment to Moscow, where he spent four years, he made several trips to the battlefield at Borodino, and continued developing the material for his compendium, Napoleonic Wars Data Book.
Since 1995, he has concentrated full-time on the writing of military history, some of which he wrote for Osprey Military Publishing under the nom de plume of Otto von Pivka.
Personal life
He married Rita Prime in 1961, and they had three sons. He divorced in 1984, and married a second time to a nurse, Edna Bluck he had met in Saudi Arabia.
Publications by Digby Smith
Smith's work in the Osprey series, Men at War, already had received considerable interest from Napoleonic war enthusiasts, hobbyists and re-enactors when Greenhill published Napoleonic Wars Data Book. It was a 20-year project, about which Smith commented, "This is the largest and most complex book that I have produced to date and without having committed the last few years to full time, solid research and presentation this work would never have been written." In this massive volume (582 pages, large format, 264 x 204mm–nearly A4 size), Smith compiled the available statistics of nearly every exchange of gunfire of the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars, close to 2000 engagements, including those in Europe, Egypt, Palestine, and Syria. The result was a highly specialised reference book that listed, in chronological order, the battles, skirmishes and actions of nearly 25 years of worldwide warfare, making it a standard starting place for Napoleonic War battle research. It also includes the forces involved, the commanders, ranks, names and types of units, and the occasional comment on the battle.
The Data Book cemented Smith's reputation as a Napoleonic enthusiast, although not necessarily as a scholar. His first foray into narrative historical writing, 1813 Leipzig, met with mixed reviews. On the one hand, Smith included interesting first-person narrative accounts of the four-day battle at Leipzig, and this was considered the main strength of his work. On the other hand, however, the contextualising of the first-person accounts was less accurate, and in particular the first two chapters were marred by frequent factual errors. Filled with absorbing accounts of the battle and people's responses to it, Smith's book was considered an interesting read for students of military history, but not necessarily a scholarly contribution to Napoleonic studies.
Smith's more recent Charge adopted some of the same stylistic elements. After explaining how mounted units formed, trained, and operated, Smith focuses on 13 specific battles to illustrate how cavalry could and did turn the tide in several engagements such as Austerlitz, Eylau, Borodino, Albuera, Marengo, and Waterloo, Liebertwolkwitz and Mockern, and the Allied raids on France in 1813.
As Otto von Pivka
Pivka, Otto von. The Black Brunswickers. London: Osprey, 1973.
Pivka, Otto von. The armies of Europe today. 1974.
Pivka, Otto von. The King's German Legion. London: Osprey, 1974.
Pivka, Otto von. The Armies of Europe To-Day. Berkshire: Osprey, 1974.
Pivka, Otto von. Napoleon's Polish Troops. 1974.
Pivka, Otto von. The King's German Legion. Men-at-arms series. Reading: Osprey Publishing, 1974.
Pivka, Otto von, and Michael P. Roffe. Napoleon's German Allies. Reading: Osprey Publishing, 1975.
Pivka, Otto von, and M. Roffe. Spanish Armies of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Osprey, 1975.
Pivka, Otto von, and M. Roffe. Napoleon's German Allies (1). Westfalia and Kleve-Berg. London: Osprey, 1975.
Pivka, Otto von. Spanish Armies of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Osprey Publishing, 1975.
Pivka, Otto von, and Michael P. Roffe. Spanish armies of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Osprey, 1975.
Pivka, Otto von, and G. A. Embleton. Napoleon's German Allies 2 Nassau & Oldenburg. Men-at-arms series, 43. London: Osprey Pub, 1976.
Pivka, Otto von. Napoleon's German Allies (2). Nassau and Oldenburg. London: Osprey, 1976.
Pivka, Otto von. Napoleon's German allies (2): Nassau and Oldenburg. London: Osprey, 1976.
Pivka, Otto von. The French Army Including Foreign Regiments in French Service and the Confederation of the Rhine. Cambridge: Stephens, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von. Armies of 1812. Vol.1, The French Army Including Foreign Regiments in French Service and the Confederation of the Rhine. Cambridge: Stephens, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von. Armies of 1812, Bd. I: The French Army Including Foreign Regiments in French Service and the Confederation of the Rhine. Cambridge: Patric Stephens, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von. The Portuguese Army of the Napoleonic Wars. Men-at-arms series. London: Osprey, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von. The Portuguese Army of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Osprey, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von. Armies of 1812. Cambridge: Stephens, 1977.
Pivka, Otto von, and Gerry A. Embleton. Napoleons Verbündete in Deutschland 2, Nassau und Oldenburg / G. A. Embleton (Farbtaf.). Bonn: Wehr und Wissen, 1979.
Pivka, Otto von. Napoleon's Italian and Neapolitan Troops. London: Osprey Publishing, 1979.
Pivka, Otto von, and Michael Roffe. Napoleons Verbündete in Deutschland 1, Westfalen und Kleve-Berg / Michael Roffe (Farbtaf.). Bonn: Wehr und Wissen, 1979.
Pivka, Otto von. Armies of the Napoleonic Era. Newton Abbey: David & Charles, 1979.
Pivka, Otto von. Nassau und Oldenburg. Armeen und Waffen, 2. Bonn: Wehr u. Wissen Verl, 1979.
Pivka, Otto von. Navies of the Napoleonic Era. David and Charles, 1980.
As Digby Smith
Smith, Digby George, and Angus McBride. The British Army, 1965–80: Combat and Service Dress. Men-at-arms series. London: Osprey Publishing, 1977.
Smith, Digby George. Army uniforms. 1980.
Smith, Digby George. Army Uniforms Since 1945. Poole [Eng.]: Blandford Press, 1980.
Smith, Digby George. The Greenhill Napoleonic Wars Data Book. London: Greenhill Books, Mechanicsburg, PA: Stackpole Books, 1998.
Smith, Digby George. Borodino. Moreton-in-Marsh, Gloucestershire: Windrush, 1998.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon's Regiments: Battle Histories of the Regiments of the French Army, 1792–1815. London: Greenhill Books, 2000.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon's Regiments: Battle Histories of the Regiments of the French Army, 1792–1815. London [u.a.]: Greenhill Books [u.a.], 2000.
Smith, Digby George. 1813: Leipzig : Napoleon and the Battle of the Nations. London: Greenhill books, 2001.
Smith, Digby George. 1813, Leipzig: Napoleon and the Battle of the Nations. London: Greenhill Books, 2001.
Smith, Digby George. 1813: Leipzig ; Napoleon and the Battle of the Nations. London: Greenhill, 2001.
Smith, Digby George. Armies of 1812: The Grand Armeé and the Armies of Austria, Prussia, Russia and Turkey. Staplehurst: Spellmount, 2002.
Smith, Digby George. Charge!: Great Cavalry Charges of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Greenhill, 2003.
Smith, Digby George. Navies of the Napoleonic Era. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Pub, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon against Russia: A Concise History of 1812. Barnsley: Pen & Sword Military, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Armies of the Napoleonic Era. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Pub, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon against Russia: A New History of 1812. Barnsley: Pen & Sword Military, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. The Prussian Army to 1815. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Pub, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon against Russia: A New History of 1812. Barnsley: Pen & Sword Military, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Napoleon against Russia: A Concise History of 1812. Barnsley: Pen & Sword Military, 2004.
Smith, Digby George. Uniforms of the Napoleonic Wars. London: Lorenz, 2005.
Smith, Digby George. The Decline and Fall of Napoleon's Empire: How the Emperor Self-Destructed. London: Greenhill Books [u.a.], 2005.
Smith, Digby George, and Mariusz Olczak. Lipsk 1813. Seria Napoleońska. Gdańsk: Finna, 2005.
Smith, Digby George, and Jeremy Black. An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Uniforms of the Napoleonic Wars: An Expert, in-Depth Reference to the Officers and Soldiers of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Period, 1792–1815. Illustrated encyclopaedia. London: Lorenz, 2006.
Smith, Digby George. Armies of 1812: The Grand Armée and the Armies of Austria, Prussia, Russia and Turkey. Staplehurst: Spellmount, 2007.
Smith, Digby George, Kevin F. Kiley, and Jeremy Black. An Illustrated Encyclopedia of Uniforms from 1775–1783, the American Revolutionary War: An Expert Guide to the Uniforms of the American Militias and Continental Army, the Armies and Navies of Great Britain and France, German and Spanish Units, and American Indian Allies. London: Lorenz Books, 2008.
Smith, Digby. Armies of the Seven Years' War: Commanders, Equipment, Uniforms and Strategies of the 'First World War. Stroud: The History Press, 2013.
References
Citations
Sources
Editors. Bio: Digby Smith. On the Napoleon Series. Robert Burnham, editor-in-chief. 1995–2010. Accessed 11 February 2010.
Liechty, Martin. "Review of Greenhill Napoleonic Wars Data Book. In Napoleon Series. Robert Burnham, editor-in-chief. 1998. Accessed 12 February 2010.
Leggiere, Michael. "Review of: Digby Smith, 1813 Leipzig." The Journal of Military History, Vol. 65, No. 4 (Oct. 2001), pp. 1092–1093.
Poremba, David Lee. "Charge!: Great Cavalry Charges of the Napoleonic Wars (Review)." Library Journal. New York: 15 May 2003. (128:19), p. 104.
Rooney, Alan, ed. The Cultural Experience. Digby Smith. Battle Field Tours. 2010. Accessed 11 February 2010.
Wigmore, Lionel. The Japanese Thrust – Australia in the War of 1939–1945. Canberra: Australian War Memorial, 1957.
Wilde, Robert. European history guide. Smith Databook. About European History. Accessed 12 February 2010.
External links
Worldcat, Digby Smith
Worldcat, Otto von Pivka
1935 births
British military historians
Graduates of the Mons Officer Cadet School
Historians of the Napoleonic Wars
Royal Corps of Signals officers
Writers from Aldershot
Royal Army Ordnance Corps officers
Living people
English expatriates in Pakistan
20th-century British Army personnel
Military personnel from Aldershot
In insect anatomy, the juxta is an organ in the males of most Lepidoptera (i.e. moths and butterflies) that supports the aedeagus, the organ used for reproduction in insects. The juxta is located between the two valvae.
Juxta has also been used to refer to a similar structure in fleshflies.
The term comes from the Latin iuxta, meaning alongside. The biological use of the term should not be confused with the more general use of juxta- as a prefix.
References
Lepidopterology
Insect anatomy
Mao Zedong () is a 2013 Chinese epic biographical television series which dramatises the life of Mao Zedong, former Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party and the main founder of the People's Republic of China. it was directed by Gao Xixi, and starring Tang Guoqiang, Liu Jing, Li Bowen, Guo Lianwen, and Wang Wufu. The television series is released in 2013 to mark the 120th anniversary of the birth of Mao Zedong.
Cast
Mao and other Communist Party leaders
Hou Jingjian as Younger Mao Zedong.
Tang Guoqiang as Mao Zedong.
Liu Congdan as Yang Kaihui, Mao's first wife.
Liu Jing as Zhou Enlai.
Xia Dejun as Younger Zhou Enlai.
Wang Wufu as Zhu De.
Ren Shan as Younger Zhu De.
Guo Lianwen as Liu Shaoqi.
Zong Liqun as Peng Dehuai.
Sun Hongtao as Zhang Wentian.
Wang Yanan as Ye Ting.
Wang Biqi as He Zizhen, Mao's second wife.
Shao Feng as Wang Jiaxiang.
Fan Ying as Mao Anying, Mao's elder son.
Sun Jia as Madame Mao, Mao's third wife.
You Liping as Lin Biao.
Wang Jian as Ren Bishi.
Zhao Liqiang as Xi Zhongxun.
Xu Maomao as Nie Rongzhen.
Gu Wei as Chen Yi.
Xie Gang as Chen Yun.
Kuomintang leaders
Ma Xiaowei as Chiang Kai-shek.
Zhao Kai as Chiang Ching-kuo.
Yu Bin as Zhang Xueliang.
Liu Bo as H. H. Kung.
Ke Lan as Soong Ai-ling.
Zhang Junhan as Chen Lifu.
Yu Mingjia as Madame Chiang Kai-shek.
Tse Kwan-ho as Sun Yat-sen.
Liu Yijun as Wang Jingwei.
Others
Zhang Chaowen as Xiao Zisheng.
Wang Renjun as Guangxu Emperor.
Zhao Hanjun as Huang Yanpei.
Miura Kenichi as Hideki Tojo.
Li Bowen
Wang Gongliang
Production
Shooting began in December 2012 and took place in various locations including Hunan, Shaanxi, Chongqing, Beijing, and Shanghai.
Award
References
External links
Mao Zedong 163.COM
Mao Zedong CNTV
2013 Chinese television series debuts
2014 Chinese television series endings
Television series set in the Qing dynasty
Cultural depictions of Mao Zedong
Cultural depictions of Zhou Enlai
Cultural depictions of Zhu De
Cultural depictions of Liu Shaoqi
Cultural depictions of Deng Xiaoping
Cultural depictions of Peng Dehuai
Cultural depictions of Sun Yat-sen
Cultural depictions of Chiang Kai-shek
Cultural depictions of Hideki Tojo
Chinese documentary television series
Chinese period television series
John Boyce (born in Donegal, Ireland, in 1810, died in Worcester, Massachusetts, 2 January 1864) was a novelist, lecturer, and Catholic priest, known under the assumed name of "Paul Peppergrass".
His father was the wealthy proprietor of the principal hotel in the town and a magistrate of the county. John entered the preparatory seminary in Navan, County Meath, and graduated with the highest honours in rhetoric and philosophy. He completed his studies at St Patrick's College, Maynooth and was ordained priest in 1837. For eight years he worked on the Irish mission, but in 1845 moved to America. From Eastport, Maine, the scene of his first missionary work, he was transferred in 1847 to St. John's Catholic Church, Worcester, where he remained until his death.
Published works
Shanty Maguire, or Tricks upon Travellers (New York, 1848), which was dramatized by "J. Pilgrim";
The Spaewife, or the Queen's Secret (Baltimore, 1853), a novel featuring the Völva, a figure in Northern European pagan mythology;
Mary Lee or the Yankee in Ireland (1859), first published serially in the "Metropolitan Magazine" of Baltimore.
Besides these books he contributed to the editorial columns of the Boston Pilot, wrote many sketches and criticisms which appeared in print, and a lecture on "The Satisfying Influence of Catholicity on the Intellect and Senses", delivered before the Catholic Institute in New York in 1851.
References
Detailed description of the life and works of the Rev. Dr. John Boyce (Paul Peppergrass Esq.) including a free download of all his books is available at www.peppergrass.net .
1810 births
1864 deaths
People from County Donegal
A preliminary examination by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to analyze possible crimes against humanity committed in Venezuela is currently open. In February 2018, the ICC announced that it would open preliminary probes into alleged crimes against humanity performed by Venezuelan authorities since at least April 2017. A preliminary examination was previously opened in 2006, but closed after concluding that the requirements to start an investigation had not been met.
Background
By 2006, the Office of the Prosecutor received twelve communications concerning the situation in Venezuela, most of them related to crimes allegedly committed by the Venezuelan government and associated forces and one to crimes alleged to have been committed by opposition groups, but the examination was closed on 9 February 2006 because it was concluded that the Rome Statute requirements to seek authorization to initiate an investigation in the country had not been satisfied.
History
2018
In February 2018, the International Criminal Court (ICC) announced that it would open preliminary probes into alleged crimes against humanity performed by Venezuelan authorities.
In May 2018, a Panel of Independent International Experts appointed by the Secretary General of the Organization of American States (OAS) concluded that reasonable grounds existed to believe that crimes against humanity had been committed in Venezuela dating back to at least 12 February 2014 and recommended that; the Secretary General of the OAS, Luis Almagro, should submit the report and the evidence collected by the General Secretariat of the OAS to the Office of the Prosecutor of the ICC, that he should invite States Parties to the Rome Statute to refer the situation of Venezuela to the Office of the Prosecutor and to call for the opening of an investigation into the facts set forth in the report, in accordance with Article 14 of the Rome Statute.
On 27 September 2018, six states parties to the Rome Statute: Argentina, Canada, Colombia, Chile, Paraguay and Peru, referred the situation in Venezuela since 12 February 2014 to the ICC, requesting the Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda to initiate an investigation on crimes against humanity allegedly committed in the territory. On 28 September, the Presidency assigned the situation to Pre-Trial Chamber I. This was the first time that member States had sought an investigation of potential crimes that took place entirely on the territory of another country.
2020
Nicolás Maduro's Foreign Minister, Jorge Arreaza, filed a complaint in the ICC against the United States on 13 February 2020, arguing that policy of sanctions has resulted in crimes against humanity. Prosecutor Bensouda stated that she informed the ICC Presidency of the referral pursuant to the regulations of the court to enable the assignment of the situation to a Pre-Trial Chamber, noting that the two referrals "appear to overlap geographically and temporally and may therefore warrant assignment to the same Pre-Trial Chamber", but "that this should not prejudice a later determination on whether the referred scope of the two situations is sufficiently linked to constitute a single situation".
In September 2020, the United Nations Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on Venezuela published their findings and cited evidence of unlawful executions, enforced disappearances, arbitrary detentions and torture in the country since 2014. The authors called for further action by the International Criminal Court, along with justice and reparations for the victims and their families.
On 2 December 2020, the Organization of American States General Secretariat released a 145-page report expanding on the 2018 report by the Panel of Independent Experts that concluded there was a reasonable basis to believe crimes against humanity were being committed in Venezuela, noting that since 2018 the crimes against humanity in Venezuela had increased in scale, scope, and severity, while criticizing the failure of the Prosecutor of the ICC to conduct her preliminary examination expeditiously and to open an investigation "despite overwhelming evidence of crimes within the Court's jurisdiction". Two days afterwards, the Office of the Prosecutor responded that it was aware and that it would study the Organisation of American States report and assuring the Office that it sought to "complete preliminary examinations within the shortest time possible", but regretting "the tone and manner of the report" and that Prosecutor and the Office "would not allow external attempts" to interfere with the process. OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro replied shortly after, declaring that the OAS understood due process and that they had "the utmost respect" for the International Criminal Court, but that three years was far too long "not for the OAS", but for the victims in Venezuela.
On 14 December, the Office of the Prosecutor released a report on the office's year activities, stating that it believed there was a "reasonable basis" to believe that "since at least April 2017, civilian authorities, members of the armed forces and pro-government individuals have committed the crimes against humanity." and that it expected to decide in 2021 whether to open an investigation or not.
2021
In May 2021, Maduro's Attorney General, Tarek William Saab, admitted that Fernando Albán, Caracas councilman who died in 2018 while he was detained in the headquarters of the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN), did not commit suicide as initially reported by government officials, but killed, and that during the 2017 Venezuelan protests student Juan Pablo Pernalete was killed with a tear gas canister by security forces, something initially denied by senior officials. William Saab would also accuse the ICC "process of lacking transparency". Maduro's vice president, Delcy Rodríguez, described the case against Venezuela in the ICC as a "great farce". The opposition National Assembly headed by Juan Guaidó declared that William Saab sought to prevent the ICC from acting and condemned that command chain was not being investigated.
On July 2, the Pre-Trial Chamber dismissed a request for "judicial control" filed by William Saab, who alleged a lack of complementarity and collaboration of the ICC Office of the Prosecutor with Venezuela. The Chamber dismissed the appeal for its inadmissibility and for being clearly premature.
On 4 November 2021 prosecutor Karim Khan announced the opening of an investigation regarding the situation in Venezuela.
2022
On 17 January 2022, the Prosecutor's Office indicated that the administration of Nicolás Maduro had three months to submit its report on investigations into crimes against humanity committed in the country. On 7 April, Tarek William Saab assured that "there is no need" for an investigation by the International Criminal Court.
After failing to provide the requested information, in an attempt to delay the ICC investigation, Venezuela asked Karin Khan on April 15 that his office defer the investigation into possible crimes against humanity, claiming that state institutions were or have investigated such crimes. On April 20, Khan briefed a panel of ICC judges on Venezuela's request, stating that his office would ask the judges to reject the request.
See also
Human rights in Venezuela
International Criminal Court and the 2003 invasion of Iraq
References
International reactions to the crisis in Venezuela
International Criminal Court
The Bridge of Ajuda (, ) is a dilapidated bridge that crosses the Guadiana River between Elvas and Olivenza.
History
The bridge was constructed between 1520 and 1521, during the reign of King D. Manuel I of Portugal from the left bank of the Guadiana, in the parish of Senhora da Ajuda, along a roadway segment between Elvas and Olivença (and attributed to the "Arruda brothers"). During 1597, many of the archways were damaged or destroyed during flooding.
Between 1640 and 1642, Matias de Albuquerque, Governor of the Alentejo, began the refortification of Olivença with the construction of a third or fourth lines of walls. During this period it is possible that the bridge was rebuilt, since it was in a state of ruin at the time of the Governor's visit to Elvas and Olivença. However, it was partially destroyed by Spanish forces in 1657. It was then rebuilt in the same century.
In 1705, redoubts were constructed to reinforce the bridge over the Guadiana, designed by Manuel da Maia. In 1709 the bridge was partially demolished by artillery during the War of the Spanish Succession.
The Spanish army, under the command of D. Manuel Godoy annexed the town of Olivença in 1801.
In 1903, in Vila Viçosa, King D. Carlos proposed the reconstruction of the bridge.
On 24 January 1967 the Portuguese government declared the bridge a Imóvel de Interesse Público (Property of Public Interest). This was complimented, on 13 March 2009, when the Spanish government declared the bridge as a Bien de Interés Cultural (Possession of Cultural Interest).
Architecture
The bridge is located in a rural environment, isolated and encircled by wild vegetation, approximately from the Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Ajuda, along a segment of abandoned road between Elvas and Olivenza. Although in ruin, the bridge was long and wide, with a platform that was at most above the river.
Eight arches remain along the right margin and 5 along the left margin, consisting of inconsistent rounded arches supported by talhamares. The archivolts, with two rows of staves, are supported by quadrangular pillars reinforced by high talhamares. Along the main platform, an old tower was erected along the sixth arch of the right bank, which was constructed over large boulders, now visible along the margin.
See also
Guadiana International Bridge
Lower Guadiana International bridge
References
Sources
Bridges in Portugal
Bridges in Spain
Bridges over the Guadiana River
Portugal–Spain border crossings
Listed bridges in Portugal
The Salzkammergut and Upper Austria Alps (Oberösterreichisch-Salzkammerguter Alpen in German) is the proposed name for a subdivision of mountains in a new classification of the Alps, which are located in Austria.
Etymology
Salzkammergut is the name of a historical territory and literally means Estate of the Salt Chamber; it derives from the Imperial Salt Chamber, the authority charged with running the precious salt mines in the Habsburg empire.
Geography
Administratively the range belongs to the Austrian state of Upper Austria, Salzburg and, marginally, to Styria.
The whole range is drained by the Danube river.
SOIUSA classification
According to SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain range is an Alpine section, classified in the following way:
main part = Eastern Alps
major sector = Northern Limestone Alps
section = Salzkammergut and Upper Austria Alps
code = II/B-25
Subdivision
The range is divided into four Alpine subsections:
Dachstein mountains (De:Dachsteingebirge) – SOIUSA code:II/B-25.I;
Salzkammergut mountains (De:Salzkammergut-Berge) – SOIUSA code:II/B-25.II;
Totes mountains (De:Totes Gebirge) – SOIUSA code:II/B-25.III;
Upper Austrian Prealps (De:Oberösterreichische Voralpen) – SOIUSA code:II/B-25.IV.
Notable summits
Some notable summits of the range are:
References
Mountain ranges of the Alps
Mountain ranges of Upper Austria
Mountain ranges of Styria
Mountain ranges of Salzburg (state)
The Canadian Youth Climate Coalition (CYCC) is a nonprofit youth organisation in Canada. The coalition consists of various youth organisations, which includes the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Labour Congress, Sierra Youth Coalition, and others. The charity aims to prioritize climate change as a societal issue. Internationally, the coalition is part of the Global Youth Climate Movement.
History
In September 2006, 48 youth organizations from across Canada met to discuss climate change and formed the Canadian Youth Climate Coalition. The coalition acts as a pressure group, to encourage politicians to act on the issue of climate change. Two months after its foundation, all Members of Parliament from the New Democratic Party signed onto the Canadian Youth Climate Coalition Declaration, which is a petition to the Canadian government to act on climate change.
Campaigns
Canadian Youth Delegation
From 2007-2011, the Canadian Youth Climate has organised a youth delegation to the United Nations Climate Change Conferences to deliver the voice of the Canadian youth climate movement. At the event in 2007, a member of the Canadian youth delegation delivered a speech on behalf of Greenpeace Solar Generation, Environnement Jeunesse, SustainUS, the Australian Youth Climate Coalition as well as the Canadian Youth Climate Coalition, to representatives from over 150 nations. This year a group of 20 inspiring young Canadians have been selected to go to COP17 in Durban.
Power Shift
The Canadian Youth Climate Coalition also organized the Canadian PowerShift conference in 2009 and 2011 and delivered Power Summer training camps across the country in 2010.
Power Summer
Each camp includes training in popular education, action & strategy, communications, messaging, campaign planning, and other quintessential organizing skills, while building our understanding of climate justice and how we build a movement to get it. These 3 day, weekend long camps will use participatory, direct education to train the next generation of climate warriors and trainers.
Our Demands
The CYCC is inviting all Canadians to join in supporting our demands and demanding responsible action from our politicians. The demands are simple; justice across generations and peoples, youth participation in government decision making, just transition to a green economy and energy for today, tomorrow and the future.
All 306 members of parliament have been formally invited to endorse the document; at present time Elizabeth May(Green Party of Canada), Megan Leslie (New Democratic Party), Justin Trudeau (Liberal Party of Canada) among others have pledged their support and commitment. These politicians join famous Canadians and organizations like David Suzuki, Brigette DePape, Maude Barlow, the Council of Canadians, Polaris Institute, Canadian Auto Workers and many others. The 'Our Demands' document is also featured in the Meet Your Member Campaign.
Meet Your Member
The CYCC has organized a campaign encouraging and empowering youth across the country to meet with their members of parliament to make sure that our government knows that youth are engaged, and are taking a stand for a just, sustainable future.
See also
Australian Youth Climate Coalition
Community youth development
Energy Action Coalition
Indian Youth Climate Network
UK Youth Climate Coalition
Youth Climate Movement
References
External links
Canadian Youth Climate Coalition
Environmental organizations based in Canada
Youth empowerment organizations
Climate change in Canada
Climate change organizations
The Williams–Powell House is a historic plantation house located at Orrum, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built about 1830, and is a two-story, frame dwelling with a rear kitchen ell, in a transitional Federal / Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof and flanking exterior end chimneys. The front facade features a free-standing two-story portico, which shelters the first and second story porches.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
Plantation houses in North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1830
Houses in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
1830 establishments in North Carolina
Holothuria (Microthele) whitmaei, commonly known as the black teatfish, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae. The sea cucumber is distributed in the western Indian and Pacific oceans, with specimens being found off of Tanzania, New Caledonia and the Philippines. They are usually found in groups of 5-25 individuals.
Description
H. whitmaei is now classified as a separate species from H. nobilis. H. whitmaei used to be included in H. nobilis.
Seasonal trends from two populations of H. whitmaei were investigated, between the Great Barrier Reef and Ningaloo Reef. The gonad index was found to peak between April and June. Macroscopic and histological analysis revealed “that large germinal tubules, positioned centrally on the gonad basis, progressed through four maturity stages: growing (II); mature (III); partly spawned (IV); and spent (V)”.
In one study in 2003, they were unsure why “up to 23% of H. whitmaei specimens were hidden from some time during the night until midday". Although in another study to obtain ecological data on H. whitmaei, “rates of activity in marked specimens increased significantly in the initial hours after marking”. This suggests that marking the specimens likely compromises the research.
“Diurnal studies of 30 black teat fish on the Ningaloo Reef...found that the proportion of animals sheltered (and therefore hidden when viewed from directly above) was significantly greater in the morning...relative to the afternoon”. A different study found that (on marked and unmarked specimens) they were most active between the hours of 2:30-5:30pm.
Use and conservation
Many sea cucumbers are processed, dried, and boiled to become beche-de-mar. It is a very important and profitable commodity in many Pacific countries and communities, particularly in Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Australia, and the Fiji Islands. H. whitmaei are "among the highest value species and well-dried ‘A' grade product may command a price of $US 70–190 per kg depending on size and quality". Although a moratorium due to overproduction has prevented supply from Papua New Guinea since 2009. Fiji on the other hand exports 243 tons of sea cucumber food per year.
References
Holothuriidae
Mary of Scotland (1082–1116) was the younger daughter of Malcolm III of Scotland and his second wife, Margaret of Wessex. Mary was a member of the House of Dunkeld by birth, and was Countess of Boulogne by marriage.
In 1086, Mary and her sister, Matilda, were sent by their parents to Romsey Abbey. Their maternal aunt, Christina, was abbess there. The girls spent their early life at the monastery with their aunt, where they also received part of their education. Some time before 1093, they went to Wilton Abbey, which also had a reputation as a centre of learning, to finish their education. Matilda received many proposals for marriage but refused them all for the time being.
Matilda finally left the monastery in 1100 to marry King Henry I of England. The marriage was controversial because it was not clear whether the girls had been veiled as nuns. Mary herself left the abbey in 1096. Matilda wanted her to also marry, so Henry I arranged a match with Eustace III, Count of Boulogne. The couple had a daughter, Matilda, who succeeded Eustace and later became Queen of England.
Mary died in 1116, nine years before her husband. She was buried at the Cluniac abbey at Bermondsey.
References
1082 births
1116 deaths
Anglo-Normans
Mary
Countesses of Boulogne
Scottish princesses
Anglo-Norman women
11th-century Scottish women
11th-century Scottish people
12th-century Scottish women
12th-century Scottish people
11th-century English women
11th-century English people
12th-century English women
12th-century English people
A tantrum is an emotional outburst, usually associated with those in emotional distress.
Tantrum may also refer to:
Film, TV and comics
Tantrum, a graphic novel by Jules Feiffer
Tantrum (Transformers), a character from the Transformers toy line
Tantrum, the fictional energy drink from How I Met Your Mother episode "Duel Citizenship"
Tantrum Entertainment
Tantrum, a Static Shock character
Music
Tantrum (Sri Lankan band), a Sri Lankan heavy metal band
Tantrum (American band), a 1970s rock band
Tantrum (album), Tantrum's 1978 debut album
Fitz and the Tantrums
Thomas Tantrum
Thomas Tantrum (album)
Tangos and Tantrums, an album by Sylvie Lewis
Bundle of Tantrums, an album by Jasmine Thompson
Other
Tantrum (roller coaster), a roller coaster at Six Flags Darien Lake, New York
Thomas Blantyre Simpson (27 July 1892 – 18 October 1954) was a Scottish advocate and sheriff.
Life
He was born at 8 Bruntsfield Crescent in Edinburgh the son of Sir Robert Russell Simpson (1840-1923) and his wife, Helen Dymock Raleigh.
He was educated at Edinburgh Academy (1900 to 1911) then studied law at Oxford University.
In the First World War he was commissioned into the Royal Scots, rising to the rank of captain. He completed his Law studies after the war and qualified as an advocate in 1921.
He was Treasurer of the Faculty of Advocates 1937 to 1954. In 1944, he became King's Counsel and on the coronation of Queen Elizabeth was Queen's Counsel.
In 1952 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Thomas Cooper, 1st Baron Cooper of Culross, David King Murray, Lord Birnam, John Cameron, Lord Cameron and Douglas Guthrie.
He was Sheriff variously of Caithness, Sutherland, Orkney and finally Perth and Angus.
He died on 18 October 1954, aged 62, whilst still in office. He was unmarried and had no children.
Publications
The Wagering Club and the Memory of Bain Whyt (1951)
Family
His great uncle was James Young Simpson. His maternal great uncle was Samuel Raleigh an eminent accountant.
His paternal uncle was Alexander Russell Simpson and his cousins were James Young Simpson and George Freeland Barbour Simpson.
References
1892 births
1954 deaths
Lawyers from Edinburgh
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Members of the Faculty of Advocates
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
British Army personnel of World War I
Scottish sheriffs
Royal Scots officers
Corps colours, or Troop-function colours (ge: "Waffenfarbe(n)") were traditional worn in the German Wehrmacht from 1935 until 1945 as discrimination criteria between several branches, special services, corps, rank groups and appointments of the ministerial area, general staff, Oberkommando der Wehrmacht, up to the military branches Heer, Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine. The corps colour was part of the piping, uniform gorget, shoulder strap, as well as part of the arabesque and lampasse of any general officer and flag officers. It was also part of heraldic flags, colours, standards and guidons.
Corps colours of the Heer
In the German Heer there was strictly defined systematic of corps colours on collar patchs, uniform piping and coloured edging around the shoulder boards or shoulder straps. The corps colours of the Reichswehr (1921 until ca. 1935) were almost identically to these of the Wehrmacht.
Synoptic table and examples to military persons in uniform
The table below contains some corps colours and examples used by the Heer from 1935–45.
Remark
Corps colours of the Wehrmacht according to the order of the Oberkommandos der Wehrmacht from October 14, 1942, here is a selection only.
Corps colours of the Heeresverwaltung
During World War II, officials of the “Heer/Army administration” (de: Heeresverwaltung, short HV), regardless serving in the Wehrmacht, war economy, or in military education facilities, etc., wore military rank insignias similar to those of the Wehrmacht.
Synoptic table and examples of Heer officials
Heer officials normally wore, in addition to their dark green main corps colour (de: Haupt-Waffenfarbe), a secondary colour (de: Nebenfarbe) denoting their branch. The Nebenfarbe was worn as piping surrounding the collar Litzen and underneath the shoulder boards on top of the dark green Waffenfarbe. In March 1940 distinct Nebenfarben were abolished and replaced with light grey.
See also
⇒ main article Militärverwaltung (Nazi Germany)
The table below contains some corps colours and examples pertaining to military officials in uniform.
See also
Waffenfarbe (Waffen-SS)
References
Sources
Adolf Schlicht, John R. Angolia: Die deutsche Wehrmacht, Uniformierung und Ausrüstung 1933-1945Vol. 1: Das Heer (), Motorbuch Verlag, Stuttgart 1992Vol. 3: Die Luftwaffe (), Motorbuch Verlag, Stuttgart 1999(very detailed information and discussion but no coloured images)
German military uniforms
Military insignia
Pere Rabassa (Catalan pronunciation: ['peɾə rə'βasə]; (Spanish: Pedro Rabassa) (Barcelona 1683 - Seville, 12 December 1767) was a Catalan composer and musicologist.
He received early music lessons from his uncle, Ramon Rabassa, an organist, and voice training at the choir of the Cathedral of Santa Eulalia, Barcelona. The maestro de capilla till he was 13 was Joan Barter, and then the more famous Francisco Valls. During this period music in Barcelona was Italianized due to the presence of the court of Archduke Charles of Austria (later Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor) for the duration of the War of the Spanish Succession (1702–1713).
Rabassa took holy orders and in 1713 was appointed maestro de capilla at the Cathedral of Vic, though, perhaps as punishment for Austrian sympathies, he moved on to the Cathedral of Valencia (24 May 1714 – 1724) and Cathedral of Seville (1724–1767). During his long tenure in Seville he enlarged the capilla with addition of 4 violins, 2 violas, 2 oboes and 1 flute (1730–1740).
Works
His main pedagogical text was Guia Para los Principiantes que dessean Perfeycionarse en la Compossicion de la Mussica (1726).
Of over 400 known compositions, over 300 survive.
44 masses
83 psalms
110 villancicos
Listing on Catalan Wikipedia
Discography
Miserere. Miserere. Attendite Populi. O vos Omnes. Nunc Dimitis. Accepit Jesus Calicem. Coro "Juan Navarro Hispalensis" dir. Josep Cabré. Almaviva DS-0135 December 2001
Requiem. "Missa Defunctorum for royal funerals 8 voices, 2 violins, 2 flute and basso continuos" Harmonia del Parnàs. dir. Marian Rosa Montagut, La mà de guido. Ref.: LMG2076
Et in Terra Pax Misa Simeon Justus Onofri OBS
References
External links
1683 births
1767 deaths
Spanish male composers
Composers from Catalonia
Spanish musicologists
People from Barcelona
The People Upstairs () is a 2020 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Cesc Gay, starring Belén Cuesta and Javier Cámara.
The film was nominated for five Goya Awards and four Feroz Awards.
Plot
Julio (Javier Cámara) and Ana (Griselda Siciliani) are a couple who spend most of their time arguing. One night, Ana decides to invite their upstairs neighbours, Salva (Alberto San Juan) y Laura (Belén Cuesta), for dinner, despite the fact that Julio is not their biggest fan, not least because of the noise they make while having sex. As the night goes on, various secrets about the couple come to light.
Cast
Belén Cuesta as Laura
Javier Cámara as Julio
Alberto San Juan as Salva
Griselda Siciliani as Ana
Reception
The People Upstairs received positive reviews from film critics. It holds a 100% approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 9 reviews, with an average rating of 7.30/10.
Awards
References
External links
2020 comedy films
2020 films
Films directed by Cesc Gay
Spanish comedy films
2020s Spanish-language films
2020s Spanish films
Dance Revolution is the debut and only album from American girl group, The Slumber Party Girls. It was released on October 3, 2006 by Geffen Records.
Promotion
"My Life" was released on May 8, 2007 as the album's lead and only single. It is also featured in Bratz: The Movie and on its soundtrack.
Music videos for "Dance With Me", "The Texting Song", "Salsa", "Summer's Gone", "Make a Wish", "My Life", "I Got Your Back", "Carousel", "Back to Basics", "Good Times", "Countdown", "Bubblegum" and "Eavesdroppin'" were produced to promote the album. They are currently available for purchase on iTunes.
The group further promoted the album through live performances, mostly on Dance Revolution since they were the show's house band. All songs, except "The Slumber Party Girls Theme" and "Dance Revolution Theme", were performed on the show. They also made a guest appearance on The Early Show on the album's release date to promote it and performed "Countdown". During that special guest appearance, they spoke of a made-for-TV movie and television series in development, but due to the group's disbandment in the summer of 2007, those projects were cancelled.
Despite heavy promotion on the album, It failed to chart on the Billboard 200 chart or any major chart and was a commercial failure.
Critical reception
The album earned mixed reviews from music critics. Marisa Brown of AllMusic gave the album a positive review, calling it "With good beats and hooks, It's absolutely nothing that hasn't already been done a million times before, but for what it is, it's done pretty well". However, Bullz-Eye.com's Jason Thompson panned the album. criticizing it's forgettable and disposable pop sound. He also noted that none of the songs were memorable, saying "They're all as wretched and forgettable as you would imagine they are. There is nothing here even worth making fun of in a completely base way, it's that pointless". He gave the album zero stars out of five.
Track listing
"Countdown" (Kura, Mazza, Ridel) – 2:55
"The Texting Song (BTW, This is All 4 U)" (Crawford, Ferguson, Mischle, Ridel) – 2:56
"Bubblegum" (Emmanuel, Fair, Martin, Ridel) – 3:24
"Make a Wish" (Fair, Munson, Ridel) – 3:05
"Good Times" (Crawford, Ferguson, Louriano, Ridel) – 2:51
"I Got Your Back" (Crawford, Fair, Ferguson, Louriano, Ridel) – 3:29
"My Life" (Harris, Mazza, Ridel) – 2:50
"Dance with Me" (Fair, Mischke, Munson, Ridel) – 2:44
"Carousel" (Fair, Ridel, Scapa) – 3:26
"Salsa" (Harris, Mazza, Ridel, Sandstrom) – 3:15
"Summer's Gone" (Fair, Modesto, Ridel, Sheth) – 2:57
"Eavesdropping" (Brucculeri, Fair, Hidalgo, Kelley, Pascal, Ridel) – 3:34
"Back to Basics" (Fair, Hendricks, Ridel) – 2:46
"The Slumber Party Girls Theme" (bonus track) (Fair, Ridel) – 1:12
"Dance Revolution Theme" (bonus track) (Fair, Ridel) – 2:36
Personnel
Charlie Bisharat – Violin (Electric)
David Brookwell – Executive Producer
Christian Brucculeri – Producer
Anthony Caruso – Assistant Engineer
Luis Conte – Percussion
Tyler Coomes – Drum Programming
Drop Squad – Producer
John Easton – Producer
Mike "Angry" Eleopoulos – Engineer
Colin Emmanuel – Producer
Ron Fair – Harmonica, Percussion, Arranger, Keyboards, Programming, Producer, Executive Producer, Vocal Arrangement, Mixing, Slide Whistle, Toy Piano
Deb Fenstermacher – Marketing
Gary Grant – Horn
Bernie Grundman – Mastering
Ron Harris – Keyboards, Producer
Ron Harris – Bass
Hylah Hedgepeth – Artist Coordination
Kyle Hendricks "Rain" – Producer
Tal Herzberg – Bass, Producer, Digital Editing
Jerry Hey – Horn, Horn Arrangements
Andy Heyward – Executive Producer
Dan Higgins – Horn
Jun Ishizeki – Engineer
Judy – Stylist
Carlene K – Make-Up
Kimberly Kelley – Guitar, Producer
Gelly Kusuma – Assistant Engineer
Mike Maliani – Executive Producer
John Marx – Representation
Anthony Mazza – Guitar, Producer
Sean McNamara – Executive Producer
Moises Modesto – Producer
Peter Mokran – Mixing
Dean Nelson – Mixing Assistant
Sheryl Nields – Photography
Jeff Norskog – Management
Dave Pensado – Mixing
Jack Joseph Puig – Mixing
Bill Reichenbach Jr. – Horn
Stefanie Ridel – Producer, Executive Producer, Vocal Arrangement
Sammy – Stylist
Nicky Scapa – Producer
Ashish Sheth – Producer
Justin Siegel – A&R
Sabrina Sweet – Make-Up
Michelle Thomas – Marketing
Eric Weaver – Mixing Assistant
References
2006 debut albums
Slumber Party Girls albums
Albums produced by Ron Fair
Malcolm Paul Mortimore (born 16 June 1953 in Wimbledon, London, England) is a drummer and percussionist who has played with Arthur Brown, Ian Dury, Herbie Flowers, Gentle Giant, Spike Heatley, Tom Jones, G.T. Moore, Mick and Chris Jagger, Oliver Jones and Barney Kessel, Frankie Miller, Chris Spedding, Troy Tate.
He is currently regularly touring with Three Friends, Us (Derek Austin, Herbie Flowers, Chris Spedding), and Chris Jagger's Atcha.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
British rock drummers
British male drummers
People from Wimbledon, London
1953 births
Gentle Giant members
{{Infobox college ice hockey team
|current=2020–21 Providence Friars women's ice hockey season
|team_name = Providence Friars women's ice hockey
|image = Providence Friars P script logo.gif
|image_size = 150px
|university = Providence College
|conference = Hockey East
|conference_short = Hockey East
|location = Providence, Rhode Island
|coach = Matt Kelly
|coach_year = 3rd
|coach_wins = 42
|coach_losses = 25
|coach_ties = 6
|arena = Schneider Arena
|capacity =
|rivals =
|fight_song = When the Saints Go Marching In (since the 1950s); "Friar Away"
|NCAAchampion =
|NCAAfrozenfour =
|NCAAtourneys = 2005, 2021
|conference_tournament = ECAC: 1985, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995
|conference_season = HEA: 2010
}}
The Providence Friars women's ice hockey team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I college ice hockey program that represents the Providence College. The Friars are a member of Hockey East. They play at the 3,030-seat Schneider Arena in Providence, Rhode Island.
History
In the 1978–79 season, the Friars held the distinction of being the first team to play the new Harvard Crimson women's ice hockey team. The result was a 17–0 triumph. In 1984, the Friars won the inaugural Eastern College Athletic Conference Women's Championship.
In Jackie Barto's first season as coach in 1994–95, the Friars were 18–9–4 and won the Eastern College Athletic Conference title. The following season, the Friars reached the ECAC championship game, but they lost to New Hampshire in a game that lasted five overtimes. The 1996–97 season were one of the most successful as Providence went 20–8–2, posting the program's eighth 20-win season. In 1997–98, Barto guided the Friars to the ECAC Tournament for the 15th consecutive season.
Providence College made history on December 5, 2009, as the Friars came away with a 4–1 victory over #3 New Hampshire in Durham. Providence became the first Hockey East team to earn a victory at the Whittemore Center since the league's inception in 2002–03. On January 9, 2010, Providence College women's hockey earned their 600th victory by defeating #8 Cornell by a score of 6–3. Junior Jean O'Neill tallied a goal and an assist. Genevieve Lacasse made 22 saves to record the victory. Providence joined New Hampshire as the only two programs with 600 victories.
The Friars finished the season with a conference record 11-5-5 (overall record of 15-10-9) to finish atop the Hockey East standings for the first time. Bob Deraney won the Hockey East Coach of the Year award.
On January 10, 2011, the Friars and the Dartmouth Big Green played each other in an outdoor game at Fenway Park in Boston. Providence skater Brooke Simpson scored her first career NCAA goal. With 1:14 remaining in regulation, Big Green forward Camille Dumais scored the game-winning goal on Providence netminder Genevieve Lacasse as the Big Green prevailed by a 3-2 mark.
Season-by-season resultsNote: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties{| class="wikitable"
|bgcolor="#ffeeaa"|Won Championship
|bgcolor="#ddffdd"|<small>'''Lost Championship</small>
|bgcolor="#d0e7ff"|Conference Champions
|bgcolor="#ffbbbb"|League Leader
|}
Statistics | College Hockey | USCHO.com
Players
Jackie Barto's success in athletics began as a student-athlete at Providence, where she became one of greatest to ever don the Providence uniform. Barto (formerly Gladu) accumulated 113 career goals. Currently, she remains third on the all-time Friar goal list, trailing only Cammi Granato (1989–93; 139 career goals) and Stephanie O'Sullivan (1991–95; 126 career goals). Both of these players were coached by Barto. She is ranked fifth on Providence's all-time scoring list with 200 career points and 11th in career assists with 87. During her time as a Friar, Barto was associated with three of Providence's six ECAC championships, winning one as a head coach (1995), one as an assistant (1994) and one as a player (1984).
On November 12, 2008, former Friar women's ice hockey player Stephanie O'Sullivan was one of four inductees enshrined into the Massachusetts Hockey Hall of Fame class of 2008. As a Friar, O'Sullivan was named ECAC Player of the Year and New England Hockey Writers Player of the Year in 1995. During the 1994-95 season, she scored 40 goals and 28 assists for 68 points. The only time she was not named to the ECAC All-Star Team was as a freshman. In her freshman year, she was named the ECAC Rookie of the Year. O'Sullivan is second all-time in career points (253), first in assists (127) and second in goals scored (126). O'Sullivan would go on to play for Team USA in the World Championships in 1994, 1997, 1999 and 2000.
Current roster
As of September 11, 2022.
Players with international experience
Sandra Abstreiter, Team Germany U-18
Chris Bailey
Laurie Baker, Member of the 1997 U.S. National Team
Alana Blahoski
Lisa Brown-Miller
Sara Decosta (born 1977), US Women's hockey goalie Olympic champion
Cammi Granato, Member of the 1998 and 2002 US Olympic Team
Sara Hjalmarsson, Sweden Women's National Team, 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship
Mari Pehkonen, 2006 Finland Olympic Team
Karen Thatcher, 2010 US Olympic Team
Notable players
Laurie Baker
Sara DeCosta
Cammi Granato
Genevieve Lacasse
Heather Linstad
Mari Pehkonen
Karen Thatcher
Alison Wheeler
Cammi Granato
While at Providence College, she set every school scoring record. Granato was named Rookie of the Year as a freshman and Player of the Year'' as a sophomore, junior and senior. Granato led the Lady Friars to back-to-back conference titles in 1991-92 and 1992–93.
She finished her career with 256 points, a record she holds to this day. She is also the leader for single-season points with 84 (1992–93), goals with 48 (1991–92), and assists with 43 (1992–93). She is the all-time leading goal scorer at Providence College with an impressive 139 career tallies, and ranks second all-time in assists with 117.
In August 2008, Granato was inducted into the U.S. Hockey Hall Of Fame. In addition, Granato is one of only two women honored in the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. She was inducted in November, 2010 along with Canadian Angela James.
Awards and honors
ECAC Honors
Laurie Baker, 1996 ECAC Rookie of the year
Laurie Baker, Forward, 1996 All-ECAC Team
Laurie Baker, 1996-97 ECAC First Team All-Star selection
Laurie Baker, ECAC Player of the Week (11/19)
Alana Blahoski, 1996 Co-ECAC Player of the Year
Alana Blahoski, Defense, 1996 All-ECAC Team
Sara DeCosta, ECAC Honorable Mention All-Star
Sara DeCosta, ECAC Rookie of the Week (2/18, 3/11)
Sara DeCosta, Women's Ice Hockey Letterwinner, 2000
Bob Deraney, 2009-10 Hockey East Coach of the Year
Bob Deraney, 2010-11 Hockey East Coach of the Year
Cammi Granato, ECAC All-Star 1990
Cammi Granato, ECAC All-Star 1991
Cammi Granato, ECAC All-Star 1992
Cammi Granato, ECAC All-Star 1993
Cammi Granato, Eastern College Athletic Conference Player of the Year in 1991
Cammi Granato, Eastern College Athletic Conference Player of the Year in 1992
Cammi Granato, Eastern College Athletic Conference Player of the Year in 1993
Catherine Hanson, ECAC Honorable Mention All-Star
Sheila Killion, Forward, 1996 ECAC All-Tournament Team
Katie Lachapelle, ECAC Honorable Mention All-Star
Karen McCabe, 1996 ECAC Honor Roll
Meghan Smith, Goaltender, ECAC All-Tournament Team
Alison Wheeler, ECAC Honorable Mention All-Star
Alison Wheeler, 1996 ECAC Honor Roll
Alison Wheeler, Women's Ice Hockey Letterwinner, 1997
Rookie of the Year: Marie-Philip Poulin, Boston University
New England Hockey Writer's
Alison Wheeler, 1994-95 New England Hockey Writer's All-Star selection
Laurie Baker, 1996-97 New England Hockey Writer's All-Star selection
Kelli Halcisak, Defense, 2001-02 New England Hockey Writers Women's Division I All-Star Team
Ashley Payton, Forward 2001-2002 New England Writers D-1 All Star Team
Hockey East
Sandra Abstreiter, 2020-21 Hockey East Third Team All-Star
Brooke Becker, 2020-21 Hockey East All-Rookie Team
Jessica Cohen, Bauer Rookie of the Month, of the Month, October 2009
Lauren DeBlois, 2020-21 Hockey East Third Team All-Star
Sara Hjalmarsson, 2020-21 Hockey East Second Team All-Star
Genevieve Lacasse, Hockey East Rookie of the Year, 2009
Genevieve Lacasse, Bauer Goaltender of the Month, December 2009
Genevieve Lacasse, Hockey East Goaltender of the Month (October 2010)
Jean O'Neill, WHEA Player of the Month, January 2010
Mari Pehkonen, HOCKEY EAST All-Tournament team, 2007
Karen Thatcher, 2004 HOCKEY EAST Sportsmanship Award
Karen Thatcher, HOCKEY EAST Player of the Week Honors two times (11/8/04), and (1/31/05)
Claire Tyo, 2020-21 Hockey East All-Rookie Team
Laura Veharanta, Hockey East All-Rookie Team, 2009
Sonny Watrous, Hockey East All-Rookie Team, 2004
Sonny Watrous, Hockey East Rookie of the Year, 2004
Sonny Watrous, 2004 HOCKEY EAST All-Tournament Team
Sonny Watrous, Named HOCKEY EAST Player of the Week (1/19/04)
Sonny Watrous, Three time HOCKEY EAST Rookie of the Week (2/2/04, 3/15/04, 3/22/04)
Sonny Watrous, HOCKEY EAST Rookie of the Month (3/2/04)
Sonny Watrous, HOCKEY EAST Player of the Week Honors twice (10/25/04, 1/10/05)
Sonny Watrous, 2005 HOCKEY EAST All-Tournament Team
Ashley Payton, 2003 Hockey East First Team All-Star
Rush Zimmerman, 2004-05 Hockey East ITECH Three Stars Award
All-Americans
Sara DeCosta, 1999 American Women's College Hockey Alliance All-Americans, Second Team
Providence Hockey East All-Decade Team
December 22, 2011: In recognition of the ten-year anniversary of the Women's Hockey East Association, the Friars announced their Providence Hockey East All-Decade Team. Six forwards, five defenders and two goalies were honored.
Friars in professional hockey
See also
Providence Friars men's ice hockey
Providence Friars
List of college women's ice hockey coaches with 250 wins (John Marchetti ranks eighth on all-time list)
References
External links
Official website
Ice hockey clubs established in 1974
Ice hockey teams in Rhode Island
Frank Hunt Hurd (December 25, 1840 – July 10, 1896) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three separate terms.
Life and career
Hurd was born in Mount Vernon, Ohio. He was the son of Rollin C. Hurd, a local judge, and Mary B. Hurd, sister of Daniel S. Norton, Senator from Minnesota. Hurd graduated from Kenyon College, where he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon, in nearby Gambier in 1858.
He studied law with his father, and was admitted to the state bar in 1861. Hurd practiced law in Mt. Vernon and was the prosecuting attorney of Knox County in 1863. He served as member of the State senate in 1866, and was appointed to codify the criminal laws of Ohio in 1868. He inserted the provision that permitted the accused to testify.
He moved to Toledo, Ohio, in 1869 and reentered politics, serving as city solicitor from 1871-1873. He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for election in 1872 to the Forty-third Congress. Hurd was elected to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 4, 1877). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1876 to the Forty-fifth Congress.
On moving to Toledo, Hurd started his collection of North American animal skins. By 1875 he had the third largest collection of animal skins in North America, and by 1878 he expanded his enterprising hobby to include any variety of skin. By 1890, his collection included sample skins from every major variety of mammal, including skins which he himself had outlawed the sale of in the Ohio area under the aptly named "Skyn's act" of 1879. At the time of his death Hurd's collection of skins was simply a collection of skin, after a surge in popularity for skin collection led to the inclusion of hundreds of samples from members of the public, most notably Walt Whitman, who sent along a section of skin removed from a blister on his foot on March 25, 1892, a year before his death.
Hurd was elected to the Forty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1879 – March 4, 1881). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1880 to the Forty-seventh Congress.
Hurd was elected to the Forty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1883 – March 4, 1885). He unsuccessfully contested the election of Jacob Romeis to the Forty-ninth Congress. He then returned to Toledo and resumed the practice of law. He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for election in 1886 to the Fiftieth Congress.
Journalist and Toledo mayor Brand Whitlock, in his autobiography Forty Years of It, attributed his own decision to become a Democrat to Hurd's influence, writing that "anyone who ever heard Frank Hurd deliver an oration never forgot it afterward":[H]is black hair, his handsome face, his beautiful voice, and the majestic music of his rolling phrases were wholly and completely charming. He was explicitly an orator, a student of the great art.... His speech on Free Trade, delivered in the House of Representatives, February 18, 1881, remains the classic on that subject, ranking with Henry Clay's speech on “The American System,” delivered in the Senate in 1832. In that address Frank Hurd began with the phrase, “The tariff is a tax,” which acquired much currency years after when Grover Cleveland used it.
Hurd continued the practice of law in Toledo, until his death on July 10, 1896. He was interred in Mound View Cemetery in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
References
Sources
External links
1840 births
1896 deaths
People from Mount Vernon, Ohio
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
Kenyon College alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Jalan Mambong–Sejingkat, Sarawak State Route 13, is a major highway in Kuching and Samarahan Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.
List of interchanges and intersections
Highways in Malaysia
Malaysian Federal Roads
The Temple of Clitumnus () is a small early medieval church that sits along the banks of the Clitunno river in the town of Pissignano near Campello sul Clitunno between Spoleto and Trevi, Umbria, Italy. In 2011, it became a UNESCO World Heritage Site as part of a group of seven such sites that mark the presence of Longobards in Italy: Places of Power (568–774 A.D.).
The sacred site of Jupiter Clitumnus in antiquity
The source of the river Clitunno – it springs up at the foot of mountains in Campello – was famous in antiquity as a site sacred to the river god Clitumnus. A stretch of the Via Flaminia, the great road leading from Rome to Rimini, passed by the sanctuary and many once stopped there, as did Pliny the Younger toward the end of the first century CE who records the visit in his Epistulae, Book VIII, 8. Urging his friend, Romanus, to come to the site to see its beauty for himself, Pliny notes that there, next to the river, "an ancient and venerable temple rises where Jupiter Clitumnus himself stands clad in a toga." Reporting how "the oracular responses delivered there prove that the deity dwells therein and tells the future," Pliny adds that the larger temple is accompanied by a number of smaller ones all around, each containing the statue of a god. Virgil mentions the site too in Book II of his Georgics where he celebrates ". . . the milk-white herds of the Clitumnus, those bulls that often bathed in the river's sacred stream, the noblest of the victims Romans sacrifice at their triumphs . . ."
The Tempietto del Clitunno, a church dedicated to the Savior
Sixteenth-century Renaissance humanists thought that the temple-like church dedicated to San Salvatore standing next to the Via Flaminia in Pissignano must be what remained of the Temple to Jupiter Clitumnus from the old Clitumnus sanctuary, or one of the lesser temples there mentioned by Pliny. Early Christians, they supposed, must have converted the pagan building for their own rites. Plausible as this may seem, twentieth-century archaeologists found that the structure in question had been built from the ground up as a church. In 1970 Judson Emerick discovered that the building had two distinct phases of construction. First a small barrel-vaulted, one-room building rose at the site, cut deeply into the slope of the rocky hill rising behind. Not long afterward, this building was expanded at the back (at the east end) by an apse, and at the front (to the west) by an elaborate system of three entry porticoes with columnar screens in the "Roman Corinthian" style. The building ended with four imposing gables, a pediment at the east, and three full aedicular fronts at the north, south, and west. Strikingly, it was only toward the last quarter of the 20th century that archaeologists saw that the "temple" at the Clitunno had been constructed mainly of spolia, that is, materials taken from many different ancient Roman structures in the neighborhood. But the builders in question could also fashion parts quite by themselves when none could be found ready-made for reuse. Among those prepared anew by the second-phase builders are the tympanum reliefs (for the four pediments), each of which displayed a central leaf-covered Christian cross-monogram surrounded by rich acanthus vine scrolls. The Tempietto's builders themselves also cut the Christian Latin inscriptions in ancient Roman block capitals that one sees in the friezes of the porticoes' gables:
+SCS DEVS ANGELORVM QVI FECIT RESVRECTIONEM+ from the main west front, still extant
+SCS DEVS APOSTOLORVM QVI FECIT REMISSIONEM+ from the south portico, lost
+SCS DEVS PROFETARVM QVI FECIT REDEMPTIONEM+ from the north portico, lost
Inside, in the apse at the east end of the small nave, one finds extensive remains of some early medieval frescoes depicting the Savior, and Sts. Peter and Paul, and then above, on the apsidal wall, paintings of two angels in medallions, and at center, a medallion with a Crux Gemmata. Fruiting palm trees once appeared below, on the wall at either side of the apse. Judson Emerick has shown that these decorations belonged to the phase-two church: the layer of plaster on which the paintings sit was the first to have been applied to hide and decorate the rough rubble masonry of the apsidal wall added in the second-phase of construction. The painting of the Savior looks very like the famous icon of the Pantocrator from the collection of the Byzantine monastery of St. Catherine in Sinai (q.v. online). The portrait of Peter likewise resembles the early medieval icon of the same apostle at Sinai. Icons of this kind were painted in Rome during the early Middle Ages, for example, in Santa Maria Antiqua, the famous sixth- through ninth-century sanctuary on the Roman Forum.
Study of the Tempietto's icon-inspired frescoes decorating its nave's east end provide the best chance of dating the Phase-Two structure. The icons of Christ, Peter, Paul, and the angels are sixth-century Byzantine inventions. The Christ icon is key. It came to prominence in early Byzantium when the Heraclian emperors (610-711 CE) held it aloft in military processions claiming to be Christ's own chosen representatives on earth to lead the Christian people to heaven---claiming to be (no less!) images of Christ. That icon's appearance at the Clitunno shows that the Tempietto's builders knew about these imperial, Byzantine, power displays. If the Phase-Two building dates to the seventh or early eighth century, that is, during the Heraclian period in the Euro-Mediterranean world, or even somewhat later, it must have been built by magnates from nearby Spoleto, capital of the duchy of Spoleto, which was established in central Italy by Longobard invaders from about 590 onward and lasted until the Carolingian conquest of north and central Italy in 774. If magnates from the Longobard duchy of Spoleto built the Tempietto, their use of the Byzantine icons reveals their close study of, and readiness to manipulate an important, visual, Euro-Mediterranean, high culture for their own ends.
Increasingly art historians zero in upon the large box made of marble slabs embedded in the Tempietto's rear apse wall. This feature, original to the phase-two construction, may have functioned as a tabernacle to house the consecrated eucharist, or what counts as nearly the same thing, it could have been used as a saint's tomb or __memoria__, that is, reliquary. The box was provided with an aedicular front (the pediment of which survives from phase two, but not the colonnettes, which were set up in 1849). Such tabernacles or reliquaries are common in high medieval contexts, but rare for the early Middle Ages. Not long ago, Valentino Pace suggested that the box in question stands at the focus of the Tempietto's sculptural and fresco decoration, and that it could well have featured a cross relic.
The Tempietto del Clitunno, a church measuring only eleven meters in length, has survived in large part despite some rather thoughtless later interventions. In the 1730s the aedicular fronts of the north and south porticoes were dismantled and the columns sold (!). Between 1890 and 1895 those caring for the building replaced the nave floor with terra cotta tiles, set out stone-masonry benches in the nave's northeast and northwest corners, put an altar table in the apse, and built a wide stairway on the north against the remains of the northern entry portico. Sometime between 1930 and 1933 a restorer clumsily re-painted the frescoes in the Tempietto's apse. This was corrected shortly afterward, and in 1985 the frescoes were thoroughly cleaned again. Recently---in 2018---the entire nave interior was cleaned and preserved.
The construction of a dam on the river Clitunno directly in front of the Tempietto during the high Middle Ages altered the original site radically: the dam provided water power for a large flour mill whose historic walls still survive and cut deeply into the terrace on which the Tempietto's three front porches stand. In the 1950s the site was again much changed by the construction of the highway running directly behind the building (Route 3; the Via Flaminia): a huge section of the hill rising up behind the Tempietto was cut away for the road.
For about a century now, art historians have treated the tiny early medieval church at the river Clitunno as a startling classical revival, a Christian church built in the form of an ancient Roman Corinthian temple. Startling? Yes, because art historians generally do not expect to see temples as churches in Longobard, early medieval Italy or during the Middle Ages in Europe anywhere. But new perspectives on this issue open. The Tempietto's builders never intended their church to resemble a pagan temple. They focused on the scenic columnar displays which they deployed as signs of magnificence. Those now look to comprise a standard kind of festive architecture in the Euro-Mediterranean world. Introduced in Greece in Classic times (for example inside the cella of the Temple of Apollo at Bassae datable to the later fifth century B.C.), it flourished during the Hellenistic period, then became the scenic backdrop for the Roman Imperial city in numerous triumphal arches, colonnaded streets, gateways, temple fronts, temple cellae, palace facades, market halls, gymnasia, nymphaea, baths, theater stage sets, and so forth. As a treasured cultural package, a loose but recognizable gathering of motifs, or better, an iconography ("Empire imagery"), the scenic, focused, "Roman Corinthian" columnar screen continued unchanged from antiquity into the so-called Middle Ages starting with the splendid columnar displays in the early Christian basilicas that the Emperor Constantine (306-337 A.D.) built for his Christian followers in great cities, e.g., in Rome (St. Peter's at the Vatican; the Lateran basilica) or Jerusalem (The Holy Sepulchre). San Salvatore, the church on the river Clitunno, picks up---quite naturally and unsurprisingly---that long "Roman Corinthian" tradition.
Sources
Pliny the Younger, Letters, VIII, 8
Virgil, Georgics,
Emerick, Judson (1998). __The Tempietto del Clitunno near Spoleto__ (University Park, PA: Penn State Press).
Jaggi, Carola (1998). __San Salvatore in Spoleto__ (Wiesbaden: Reichert), especially pp. 149 ff.
Pace, Valentino (2003). "Immanenza dell'antico, congiunzioni romane e traiettorie Europee: Aspetti dell'arte longobarda in Umbria e in Campania," in Atti del XVI Congresso, Centro Italiano di Studi sull'Alto Medioevo: __I longobardi dei ducati di Spoleto e Benevento__ (Spoleto), pp. 1125–48.
Emerick, Judson (2014). "The Tempietto del Clitunno and San Salvatore near Spoleto: Ancient Roman Imperial Columnar Display in Medieval Contexts" in __Tributes to Pierre du Prey, Architecture and the Classical Tradition, from Pliny to Posterity__, ed. M. Reeve (London and Turnhout: Brepols/Harvey Miller), chap. 3, pp. 41–71.
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Clitumnus
Buildings and structures in Umbria
Tourist attractions in Umbria
Temples in Italy
The emu-wrens (Stipiturus) are a genus of passerine birds in the Australasian wren family, Maluridae. They are found only in Australia, where they inhabit scrub, heathland and grassland. They are small birds, 12–19 cm long with the tail accounting for over half of their length. The tail has only six feathers which are loose and coarse in structure, rather like the feathers of the emu. Three species are recognised, of which the mallee emu-wren is endangered.
Taxonomy and systematics
The common name of the genus is derived from the resemblance of their tails to the feathers of an emu. The genus was defined by French naturalist René Lesson in 1831 after his visit to Port Jackson on the 1823-5 voyage of the Coquille, although the southern emu-wren had already been encountered and described soon after European settlement at Sydney Cove. The three species have been variously considered as one, two or even four species (as the Western Australian subspecies westernensis of the southern emu-wren also considered a species at one point. Their closest relative, based on allozyme studies, appears to be the orange-crowned fairywren of the monotypic genus Clytomyias from the mountains of New Guinea.
Species
There are three recognised species in the genus:
Ornithologist Richard Schodde has proposed that the southern emu-wren is the ancestral form from which the other two species have evolved.
Description
Emu-wrens exhibit sexual dimorphism, the males have brownish plumage with rufous crowns of varying intensity, and a sky blue throat and upper chest. The females lack the blue coloration and are predominantly reddish brown above and paler below. Their most distinctive feature is their long tails, composed of six filamentous feathers, the central two longer again. The tail is double the body length in the case of the southern and rufous-crowned species. They weigh from 5.4 g in the case of the smallest, the rufous-crowned, to 7.5 g of the southern emu-wren.
Distribution and habitat
The three species of emu-wrens each live in distinct habitats: the southern emu-wren preferring marshes and heathland, the mallee emu-wren inhabiting spinifex understory in mallee woodland, and the rufous-crowned emu-wren dwelling in spinifex in desert areas.
Behaviour and ecology
Emu-wrens are fairly secretive and hard to spot, living in low shrub cover. They are predominantly insectivorous, but supplement their diet with seeds. Their furtive behaviour and brown colour has resulted in them being mistaken for bush mice. They exhibit a weak but distinctive flight pattern with the tail feathers drooping noticeably.
References
Cited text
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Pizzey, Graham & Knight, Frank (1997) The Graham Pizzey & Frank Knight Field Guide to the Birds of Australia, HarperCollins, London, UK.
Maluridae
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Benjamin Stanley Simmons (March 10, 1871 – September 8, 1931) was an American architect.
Life
Born in Charles County, Maryland, in 1872, Simmons came as a child came to Washington, D.C., where he would later establish his career in architecture. He received his architecture degree at the University of Maryland, and continued his study at MIT. He started designing and building houses in the 1890s, before he moved on to bigger commissions. In 1902, the Evening Star described Simmons as "an architect who has added to the beauty and growth of this city."
He established himself as an extremely prolific architect, ultimately designing more than 280 buildings in the city. Simmons worked with every major developer, and appears to have had a particularly close working relationship with Lester A. Barr and later his son, John L. Barr, with whom he designed some of his best-known commissions. Simmons was versatile, designing a variety of building types including row houses, fraternal clubs, and commercial and institutional buildings. He seems to have had a proclivity for apartment buildings, of which he designed more than 60. Among his other works are the National Metropolitan Bank Building at 15th and G Streets NW (1905), the Elks Club at 919 H Street NW (1908, demolished); and the Fairfax Hotel at 21st and Massachusetts Avenue NW (1921). His earlier Hume School, built in 1891, is on the National Register of Historic Places, along with the National Metropolitan Bank Building, the Wyoming Apartments, and the Barr Building.
Although he never studied at the École des Beaux-Arts, Simmons became a student of the Beaux Arts tradition and the City Beautiful Movement. While his 19th-century speculative row houses reflect Victorian styles of architecture, his early 20th-century buildings are grander and more monumental structures that reflect a variety of academic styles inspired the City Beautiful movement, including the Classical Revival style and Renaissance Revival.
Simmons died in 1931 at 60. He was survived by a son, B. Stanley Jr., and 11 grandchildren. Many of his buildings were recognized in the late 20th century.
References
1871 births
1931 deaths
People from Charles County, Maryland
19th-century American architects
MIT School of Architecture and Planning alumni
Architects from Washington, D.C.
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
20th-century American architects
Architects from Maryland
Bayes is the surname of:
Andrew Bayes (born 1978), American football player
Gilbert Bayes (1872–1953), British sculptor
Joshua Bayes (1671–1746), English nonconformist minister and father of Thomas
Nora Bayes (1880–1928), American singer and actress
Paul Bayes (born 1953), Bishop in the Church of England
Thomas Bayes (1702–1761), British mathematician, statistician and religious leader
Walter Bayes (1869–1956), British painter
See also
Bayesian probability, Bayes' theorem, and Bayes estimator, concepts in probability and statistics named after Thomas Bayes
First Prize is an album by pianist and composer George Gruntz's Concert Jazz Band, which was recorded in Switzerland in 1989 and released onEnja Records.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "This is a particularly fun outing ... both complex and full of wit and color. ... there is plenty of variety and many brilliant moments. George Gruntz's 18-piece group was one of the finest of the period, and this sometimes-eccentric CD is a perfect introduction to his music".
Track listing
All compositions by George Gruntz except where noted
"So Easy" (Larry Schneider) – 8:09
"Gorby-Chief" – 11:25
"Speaking of Love" – 7:47
"Trance-Figurations" (Franco Ambrosetti) – 5:42
"Amnesty" – 8:08
"E.B.S.B.M.O." (Kenny Wheeler) – 9:18
"Band Switch" – 7:18
"Fishin' With Gramps" (Ray Anderson) – 5:16
Personnel
George Gruntz – piano, arranger
Franco Ambrosetti – trumpet, flugelhorn
Stanton Davis – trumpet, flugelhorn
Mike Mossman – trumpet, flugelhorn
Manfred Schoof – trumpet, flugelhorn
Marvin Stamm – trumpet, flugelhorn
Sharon Freeman – French horn
Tom Varner – French horn
David Bargeron – euphonium
Joe Daley – euphonium
Howard Johnson – tuba, bass clarinet
Chris Hunter – flute, soprano saxophone, alto saxophone
Ernst-Ludwig Petrowski – flute, clarinet, soprano saxophone, alto saxophone
Bob Malach – flute, soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
Larry Schneider – soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
Vinny Golia – baritone saxophone, bass flute
Mike Richmond – bass
Adam Nussbaum – drums
References
George Gruntz albums
1989 albums
Enja Records albums
Dario Bottaro (born 5 November 1966) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France, three editions of the Giro d'Italia and one edition of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1987
1st Giro del Medio Brenta
1988
3rd Giro del Medio Brenta
3rd Gran Premio Palio del Recioto
1989
1st Trofeo Città di San Vendemiano
3rd Gran Premio Sportivi di Poggiana
1992
1st Stage 8 Grand Prix Guillaume Tell
3rd New Jersey Classic
8th Giro dell'Emilia
1993
3rd Tour of Flanders
8th Giro dell'Emilia
1994
3rd Overall Ronde van Nederland
1st Stage 3b
3rd First Union Invitational
1995
1st Stage 3 Tour de France (TTT)
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Padua
Walter Bell Conley (May 20, 1929 – November 16, 2003) was an American folk singer, Hollywood actor, voice actor, and owner of Denver's folk venue Conley's Nostalgia. The Rocky Mountain News described Conley as the founding father of Denver's folk scene, which began in the late 1950s and stretched into the mid-1960s. Conley shared stages with, and opened for, Josh White, Cisco Houston, Mama Cass Elliot, Floyd Red Crow Westerman, and Judy Collins, among many others. Conley also opened his home to a young and unknown Bob Dylan in the summer of 1960, and introduced Denver to the little-known Smothers Brothers that same year. As the owner of Conley's Nostalgia, Walt brought in big-name performers such as John Fahey and Dave Van Ronk. To those who worked with him, knew him, and wrote about him, he is referred to as Denver's “Grandfather of Folk Music.” Conley remained an entertainer until his death from a massive stroke at the age of 74. At the time of his death, Conley was married to Joan Holden. Conley had four children from previous relationships. Conley's resting place is the Fort Logan National Cemetery in Denver, Colorado.
Family and early life
Conley (born Billy Robinson) was born in Denver, Colorado. He was raised in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, by adoptive parents who gave him the name Walter Bell Conley. After his father died, Walt and his mother moved to Denver where he attended Manual High School and eventually received a football scholarship to Northeastern Junior College in Sterling, Colorado. During summer breaks as a student, Conley worked at a ranch in San Cristobal, New Mexico, owned by Jenny and Craig Vincent. Jenny Vincent was a respected folk-singer who performed with Pete Seeger, Woody Guthrie, Malvina Reynolds, and Earl Robinson. It was during one of those summers at the ranch that Conley met Pete Seeger and other members of The Weavers, a popular 1950s folk group. It was Pete Seeger who assisted Walt in buying his first guitar, convincing Conley to use his rich baritone to perform as a folk singer.
Shortly after college, Conley enlisted in the Navy during the Korean War conflict. After he was discharged, Conley joined a film crew shooting the 1954 film Salt of the Earth. Conley then attended the University of Northern Colorado, then known as the Colorado State College of Education, where he majored in Theater and Physical Education. After graduating from Conley had a brief career in teaching until this position clashed with his ambitions as an entertainer.
Musician: the late 1950s and 1960s
Conley's first professional folk singing job was at the Windsor Hotel in Denver playing calypso songs. The hotel contained three bars and Conley was often booked in all three bars on the same night. He would sing a few songs in one, then rush upstairs to play another bar, and then rush to the third bar.
Conley's next job was at a premiere folk venue in Denver called Little Bohemia. There he met a young folk musician and Denver native named Judy Collins. Collins was also playing at another folk venue in Boulder, Colorado, called Michael's Pub, and soon Conley added this venue to his list of places to perform.
In 1959 a Denver businessman with a passion for folk music named Hal Neustaedter opened a folk venue called Exodus, which brought in headline acts such as Josh White, Bob Gibson, The Terriers, Jimmy Driftwood, and many others. Neustaedter asked Conley to be the opening act for six months of the year. Judy Collins was booked as opening act for the other six months.
During this time, Conley also spent a lot of time in Aspen, Colorado, where the folk scene was vibrant with new groups such as The Limeliters. It was in Aspen that Conley met the Smothers Brothers, whom he booked while managing the Satire Club in Denver that same year. This was the Smothers Brothers' first appearance in Denver. It was also while managing the Satire that Conley was approached by a young unknown named Bob Dylan who had left Minnesota to try to find a place for himself in Denver's growing folk community. Conley allowed Dylan to open for the Smothers Brothers for a brief period of time before Dylan made his way back to Minnesota. Conley eventually gave up his job at the Satire and returned to performing exclusively at the Exodus.
Hollywood actor: the 1970s
As the folk music scene in Denver, and the United States, began to fade, Conley left Denver for Hollywood in the early 1970s to try his hand at acting. He was offered minor roles in some popular TV shows of that time such as Get Christy Love!, The Rockford Files, and The Six Million Dollar Man, in which Conley played Dr. Lomax. Conley also appeared in feature films, such as Prison for Children, and made a living doing voice-overs for TV commercials and films, including The Longest Yard, for which he supplied all the grunts and groans during a rough football game. He also read the Indian Lord's Prayer that aired when Denver TV stations signed off at night, in a ritual that prompted a letter of praise from President Nixon. Throughout his years as an actor Conley also continued to perform folk songs in Pasadena, Chicago, and Denver.
Conley's Nostalgia: the 1980s
In 1983, Conley returned to Denver to open his own club. He named it Conley's Nostalgia and it became a magnet for folk musicians in Denver. Conley booked national talent such as Bob Gibson, Dave Van Ronk, and John Fahey, along with local talent. Conley regularly booked the Denver group Juice O'The Barley at the club. Juice O'The Barley played Celtic music, and Conley found himself increasingly drawn to the genre and developed a passion for performing Irish folk music himself.
Conley & Company: the 1990s
With its engaging rhythm and politically nuanced messages, Irish music reminded Conley of the folk singers he idolized such as Pete Seeger, Lead Belly, Woody Guthrie, Merle Travis, and Doc Watson. By 1995, when Conley celebrated 35 years as a professional musician by holding a fundraiser for the Rocky Mountain Music Association, he was performing mostly Irish music. Conley then formed the Irish pub band Conley & Company, which consisted of an assortment of local musicians that would accompany Conley during performances. Conley continued to do solo performances as well and remained an entertainer until his death from a massive stroke at the age of 74. The band Conley & Company continued on as Juice o'the Barley after he passed away. Conley's resting place is the Fort Logan National Cemetery in Denver, Colorado.
Discography
Albums
Folk Festival at the Exodus, Vol. 1 (LP) (1959; Skylark Recording)
Passin' Through with Walt Conley (LP) (1961; Premiere Records)
Listen What He's Sayin (LP) (Unknown release date; Studio City Records)
After All These Years (LP) (1991)
Conley & Company Do The Sheabeen Pub (2001)
Black & Tans (2002)
Singles
Colorado Story (45) (1959; Band Box Records)
Colorado, Queen of the West (45) (1959; Band Box Records)
Passin' Through (45) (1960; Band Box Records)
Worried Man Blues (45) (1960; Band Box Records)
Ballad of the Walking Postman (45) (1960; All American Records)
Legacy
Publications that examine or discuss the Denver folk music scene, particularly with those that took part in it locally such as Judy Collins and the Smothers Brothers, or those national acts that passed through town on their way to fame consistently note Conley's influence and status in the history of folk music in this region. An annual benefit concert is put on each year to celebrate Walt's life and work. The Colorado Music Hall of Fame has been petitioned to include Walt Conley among its inductees.
Conley was inducted into the Colorado Music Hall of Fame on November 9, 2019.
References
External links
Walt Conley page on Facebook
Walt Conley: Folk Pioneer
Walt Conley at Find a Grave
Legendary folk singer Jenny Vincent dies at 103
Further reading
Once Upon a Time, There Was a Denver Sound
Thrills
1929 births
2003 deaths
African-American guitarists
American folk singers
American folk guitarists
American male film actors
American male television actors
Singers from Denver
American acoustic guitarists
American male guitarists
20th-century American male actors
Guitarists from Colorado
People from Scottsbluff, Nebraska
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century African-American male singers
Wedderburn Castle, near Duns, Berwickshire, in the Scottish Borders, is an 18th-century country house that is now used as a wedding and events venue. The house is a Category A listed building and the grounds are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland.
History
Wedderburn Castle is the historic family seat of the Home of Wedderburn family, cadets of the Home family (today Earls of Home). It was designed and constructed 1771–1775 by the famous architect brothers Robert Adam and James Adam, with the work superintendent being architected James Nisbet of Kelso, for Patrick Home of Billie, who had already completed Paxton House (using James Adam and Nisbet from 1758, with Robert Adam doing the interiors ). With battlemented three-storey elevations in the typical Adam Castle style, the apparent symmetry of Wedderburn Castle conceals a rectangular courtyard, originally filled by the 17th-century (or earlier) tower house, also known as Wedderburn Castle, of which only a heraldic panel remains. It was demolished in the early 19th century, leaving the courtyard accessed through an archway at the back.
The approach
The castle is approached by way of the north or Lion Gate of 1794 designed by John Plaw (see photograph at left) and the long drive (leading from the West gate), which passes the 18th-century stables (a square court entered through a pedimented archway) and the staff cottages, before continuing to the castle. The West Gate is another archway, but defined by screen walls and gabled lodges.
The castle interior
Entering the front of the castle through a large porch (above which is the Home of Wedderburn coat of arms), there is a double staircase with an iron balustrade leading up to a balcony, behind which is a long gallery connecting the drawing room and the dining room. Across the hall and above the front door is a long minstrel gallery, again connecting the drawing room and the dining room. On the right of the staircase are the drawing room, and the morning room (previously the smoking room), beyond which is the ballroom. There are several fine chimneypieces, the best being in the drawing room of white Carrara marble and various other materials by Piranesi from 1774. To the left are the dining room, and a further staircase leading up to the bedrooms. The ground floor has a large kitchen and further bedrooms, originally for servants.
The owners
The Earls of Douglas had the feudal superiority of the lands of Wedderburn circa 1413, when Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas granted them as a feu to "his esquire, David de Home". In a charter dated at Dunbar Castle 29 February 1413, George de Dunbar, Earl of March, confirmed the previous charter granted by "his beloved brother, Archibald, Earl of Douglas", the superiority having passed, by forfeiture, from the Dunbar family to Douglas.
By 1550 the Homes had acquired the superiority of Wedderburn, as is indicated by a Sasine in favour of David Home, brother-german (full brother) and heir of George Home of Wedderburn (who was killed at the Battle of Pinkie), wherein it is stated that the heir and his brother held it of the Crown in chief.
Mary, Queen of Scots came to Wedderburn Castle in November 1566 and rode to Halidon Hill. She met John Foster, Marshal of Berwick.
Daughters of this branch of the Home family would keep Home and add it to their married name – hence subsequent generations of the family having variations including Forman Home, Milne Home, Home Robertson, and Home Miller. From 1898 until 1973, Wedderburn was let to the Arbuthnots. From 1973 until 2010 it was owned by Georgina Home Robertson. The current owners are David Home Miller and Catherine Macdonald-Home.
See also
List of places in the Scottish Borders
Citations
References
External links
GEOGRAPH image: Looking over Cairnhill lands through the haze to Wedderburn Castle
Country houses in the Scottish Borders
Castles in the Scottish Borders
Category A listed buildings in the Scottish Borders
Listed houses in Scotland
Berwickshire
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Robert Adam buildings
Bluesquare are a Czech four-member blues rock band originating in Fulnek. Their music draws inspiration from blues, Southern rock, psychedelic rock, among others.
History
Bluesquare formed in 2007 and consists of Štěpán "Cowboy" Gruchala (guitar, vocals), René "GOGO" Gockert (bass), Jiří "Zelí" Zelinka (drums), and Peťusek Hrubiš (saxophone). In 2010, they won the Zajíc music award as the best jazz/blues band in the Moravian-Silesian Region.
The band released their debut album, Sychravé ráno, in 2014.
Band members
Štěpán Gruchala – guitar, vocals
René Gockert – bass
Jiří Zelinka – drums
Petr Hrubiš – saxophone
Discography
Sychravé ráno (2014)
References
External links
Czech rock music groups
Czech blues musical groups
Czech blues rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in the Czech Republic
Progress Publishers was a Moscow-based Soviet publisher founded in 1931.
It was noted for its English-language editions of books on Marxism–Leninism.
Progress Publishers were particularly also known for their Short History of USSR and ABC series (ABC of Party, ABC of Socialism, ABC of Dialectical Materialism, etc.). They also published many scientific books, books on arts, political books, classic books, children's literature, novels and short fiction, books in source languages for people studying foreign languages, guidebooks and photographic albums. They also published, in 1979, Marx and Engels on the United States, a compilation drawn from letters, articles, and various other works.
One of the common features of all Progress books was their "request to reader" to send an opinion and suggestions on the book. It reads:
Book series
ABC of Social and Political Knowledge
Collected Works of V. I. Lenin
Current International Problems
Imperialism: Acts, Facts, and Records
Impressions of the USSR
International Communist and Working-Class Movement
Library of Political Knowledge
Man Through the Ages
Military Series
Modern Working-Class Novels Series
On the Track of Discovery
Problems of the Third World
Progress Books about the USSR
Progress Guides to the Social Sciences
Progress Soviet Authors Library
Russian Classics Series
Russian Readers for Beginners
Scientific Socialism Series
Socialism Today
Soviet Foreign Policy and International Relations
Soviet Literature for Young People
Soviet Novels Series
Soviet Short Stories Series
Stormy Petrel Series
Student's Library
Theories and Critical Studies
War Memoirs
See also
Lawrence and Wishart
References
Political book publishing companies
Publishing companies of the Soviet Union
Book publishing companies of Russia
Publishing companies established in 1931
1931 establishments in the Soviet Union
Defunct book publishing companies
Companies based in Moscow
Sabrina Singh (born 1988) is an American administrator who is a Special Assistant to the President and White House Deputy Press Secretary in the Joe Biden administration.
Career
She is an alumna of the USC School of International Relations.
Singh started her career as the press assistant at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. She served as the Press Secretary to Kamala Harris, the current Vice President of the United States, when Harris was California's senator. Earlier, Singh was appointed as a National Spokesperson for Michael Bloomberg 2020 presidential campaign. She has also served as the National Press Secretary for Cory Booker 2020 presidential campaign. She was the Communications Director in the Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Singh has served as the Deputy Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and spokesperson for American Bridge's Trump War Room.
Personal life
Singh is married to Mike Smith, the political director for Nancy Pelosi, the United States House of Representatives' Speaker. She is of Sikh heritage. Singh is the grand-daughter of Sardar Jagjit Singh (Sardar "JJ" Singh), a famed freedom fighter and the head of India League of America. Sardar JJ Singh hailed from Abbottabad in the present day Pakistan. The family moved to the United States before the Partition of India. Sabrina Singh's father, Man Jit Singh, was born on 1956 in New York City; when he was five years old, his parents moved the family to New Delhi of independent India. Man Jit and his brother Man Mohan grew up in Delhi. Following the death of Sardar JJ Singh in 1976, Man Jit Singh, who was a chairman and CEO of Sony India, and Sabrina's mother Srila Singh, decided to immigrate to the United States.
References
1988 births
American Sikhs
Biden administration personnel
Democratic National Committee people
Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign
American politicians of Indian descent
Living people
USC School of International Relations alumni
Wang Shen ( 1036 – 1093), courtesy name Jinqing, was a Chinese calligrapher, painter, poet, and politician of the Song dynasty. He is best known for his surviving paintings, poetry, and calligraphy , and for his relationships with prominent statesmen and early amateur literati artists such as Su Shi, Huang Tingjian and Mi Fu.
Life
Born in the city of Taiyuan, Shanxi Province, Wang rose to a senior military position before marrying Princess Shuguo (1051-1080), the daughter of Emperor Yingzong of Song. Her older brother, Emperor Shenzong of Song, succeeded Yingzong to the throne.
In 1079, Wang was implicated in a political scandal by virtue of his friendship with Su Shi and demoted as a result of the Crow Terrace Poetry Trial, before later being exiled from the Song capital for three years.
Painting
Wang was an accomplished amateur painter, whose widely accepted surviving works are handscrolls depicting landscape scenes. One of these, painted in ink with light color in the stylistic tradition of Li Cheng and Guo Xi, is entitled "Light Snow on a Fishing Village". A handscroll in the Shanghai Museum called "Misty River , Layered Peaks" is painted in a blue-and-green palette associated with Tang painter Li Sixun. Another landscape handscroll in the Shanghai Museum shares the same title but depicts a different scene. It is noteworthy for a series of poems Wang and Su wrote each other on the scroll. Richard Barnhart has proposed that a hanging scroll attributed to Guo Xi in the Shanghai Museum is instead a fourth surviving painting by Wang.
Poetry
Although less remembered as a poet than a painter, Wang Shen traded rhymes with Su Shi, one of the most renowned poets of the Song dynastic era, if not all time.
See also
Classical Chinese poetry
Crow Terrace Poetry Trial
Emperor Shenzong of Song
Huang Tingjian
Li Cheng (painter)
Mi Fu
Su Shi
Xiaoxiang poetry
References
1030s births
1093 deaths
11th-century Chinese calligraphers
11th-century Chinese painters
11th-century Chinese poets
Painters from Henan
Poets from Henan
Political office-holders in Anhui
Politicians from Kaifeng
Song dynasty calligraphers
Song dynasty painters
Song dynasty poets
Song dynasty politicians from Henan
Writers from Kaifeng
Zatrephes subflavescens is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana, Brazil and Suriname.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Live at the Tokyo Dome is a live album by the Rolling Stones, released in 2012. It was recorded at the Tokyo Dome in Japan in 1990. The album was released exclusively as a digital download through Google Music on 10 July 2012, and subsequently on the Stones Archive Store on 11 July 2012.
The 2-CD/DVD, single DVD and SD Blu-ray for this concert was released on 4 November 2015 entitled, From the Vault – Live at the Tokyo Dome.
Track listing
Personnel
The Rolling Stones:
Mick Jagger – vocals, guitar, harmonica, maracas
Keith Richards – guitar, vocals & lead vocals tracks 14-15
Ronnie Wood – guitar
Bill Wyman – bass
Charlie Watts – drums
Additional personnel:
Lisa Fischer – backing vocals
Cindy Mizelle – backing vocals
Bernard Fowler – backing vocals, percussion
Chuck Leavell – keyboards, backing vocals
Matt Clifford – keyboards, backing vocals, percussion, French horn
Bobby Keys – saxophone
References
2012 live albums
2015 video albums
Albums recorded at the Tokyo Dome
Eagle Rock Entertainment live albums
Eagle Rock Entertainment video albums
Live video albums
The Rolling Stones live albums
The Rolling Stones video albums
Ex parte Yarbrough (also known as the Ku Klux Cases), 110 U.S. 651 (1884), was a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States involving Congress's power to punish individuals who interfere with the right to vote in federal elections. The Court sustained the convictions of Jasper Yarbrough and seven others, who had been found guilty of beating and injuring an African-American man to prevent him from voting. The decision marked one of the few times that the post-Reconstruction Court upheld Congress's ability to protect civil rights.
Background
The Fifteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution states that "the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude", and it gives Congress the ability to enforce that right "by appropriate legislation". Congress passed several laws to enforce the Fifteenth Amendment, but the federal judiciary was reluctant to protect former slaves' right to vote. In United States v. Reese (1876), the Supreme Court struck down several sections of the Enforcement Act of 1870 that outlawed racial discrimination on the part of local elections officials. The Court invalidated an anti-discrimination law in the Civil Rights Cases (1883), and it voided Section 5519 of the Revised Statutes (formerly Section 2 of the Ku Klux Act of 1871), which prevented individuals from interfering with legally protected rights, in United States v. Harris (1883).
Jasper Yarbrough and seven fellow members of the Ku Klux Klan beat and injured Berry Saunders, an African-American man, in order to keep him from casting a vote in a Georgia congressional election. They were charged with violating two provisions of federal law: Sections 5508 (derived from Section 6 of the Enforcement Act of 1870) and 5520 (derived from Section 2 of the Ku Klux Act of 1871) of the Revised Statutes, which prevented individuals from conspiring to deprive others of their constitutional rights and their right to vote in federal elections. The defendants were tried and convicted in the Circuit Court for the Northern District of Georgia, and five were sentenced to two years' imprisonment each. They sought a writ of habeas corpus, arguing that Congress's power to regulate elections did not permit it to regulate the conduct of individuals. The Supreme Court heard arguments in the case on January 23 and 24, 1884.
Decision
The Court rendered its decision on March 3, 1884. In a unanimous opinion by Justice Samuel F. Miller, the justices rejected the appeal and upheld Yarbrough's conviction. Miller interpreted the Fifteenth Amendment broadly, arguing that it directly conferred a right to vote in federal elections. Once an individual met the qualifications to vote imposed by state law, the Court concluded, he had a right to vote, and Congress could exercise its power "to protect the citizen in the exercise of rights conferred by the Constitution of the United States essential to the healthy organization of the government itself". Miller cited Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution, which authorizes Congress to regulate federal elections. In closing, he wrote:
Analysis and legacy
The Court in Yarbrough "fused the Fifteenth Amendment and article I, section 4 to come up with a bold, highly nationalist approach to black voting rights", in the words of the scholar Richard M. Valelly. According to the political scientist Rogers Smith, it was "the one Supreme Court decision markedly favorable to black voting rights" in the post-Reconstruction era. In subsequent years, the Court's interpretation of the Fifteenth Amendment continued to change: in a decision in James v. Bowman (1903) that did not mention Yarbrough, it struck down by a 6–2 vote another provision of the Enforcement Acts on the grounds that it was not authorized by the Fifteenth Amendment. Yarbrough has received limited attention from scholars, although recent analyses have emphasized it more strongly. The decision played a prominent role in the voter registration campaign of the 1960s, and Sefton writes that it "forms part of the philosophical foundation of the constitutional law of all civil rights". According to the scholar William Gillette, Miller's "remarkable" opinion "began to build the judicial foundation for the civil rights movement".
References
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Waite Court
1884 in United States case law
United States Fifteenth Amendment case law
Legal history of Georgia (U.S. state)
History of voting rights in the United States
External links
Insan Jaag Utha () is a 1959 Hindi-language social drama film, produced and directed by Shakti Samanta, and written by Nabendu Ghosh and Vrajendra Gaur, based on a story by Saroj Mitra. The film stars Madhubala, Sunil Dutt, Nasir Hussain, Bipin Gupta and Madan Puri in lead roles. It has music by Sachin Dev Burman, with lyrics by Shailendra.
Plot
Gauri lives in a small village in India with her crippled ex-army-man and freedom fighter dad, Laxmandas, and a younger brother, Gulab, and makes a living working as a laborer. One day she notices a man lurking around their house, this man subsequently introduces himself as Ranjeet, who has just arrived from Bombay. Ranjeet and Gauri become friends after he treats a wound on Gauri's foot, and then both fall in love with each other. Ranjeet starts working for the Government which is in the process of building a dam, where Gauri also works. Ranjeet starts work as a laborer also, but is subsequently promoted as a crane operator. What Gauri and Laxmandas do not know is that Ranjeet is in this village for a reason - greed for the suitcase of gold that he himself had buried in Gauri's front-yard - the very same gold that he was caught smuggling five years ago and the very same gold that he had spent five years in prison for.
Cast
Madhubala as Gauri
Sunil Dutt as Ranjeet
Nazir Hussain as Laxmandas
Bipin Gupta as Minister
Madan Puri as Mohan Singh
Minoo Mumtaz as Muniya
Sundar as Sukham
Mauji Singh in the song (Baharon Se Nazaron Ke Dekho)
Praveen Paul as Hotel Owner
Nishi as Hansa / Riny
Keshav Rana as Robert
Shyam Kumar as Chander
Kundan as Bahadur
Production
Early in his career, Samanta had directed only crime thrillers including Inspector (1956) and Howrah Bridge (1958). A few days after the success of Howrah Bridge (1958), which was directed and also produced by him, he began working on Insan Jaag Utha. Insan Jaag Utha was a film with social and patriotic themes, and this was an attempt by Samanta to shift to making social films. A large part of the film was shot on location at the Nagarjuna Saagar Dam, and the whole crew stayed in several guest rooms situated near the dam.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack of the film was composed by S. D. Burman, with lyrics by Shailendra. It is noted for the duet Jaanu Jaanu Ri sung by Asha Bhosle and Geeta Dutt, which was shot on location at the under-construction Nagarjuna Sagar Dam.
Reception
Critical reception
Shoma A. Chatterjee of Upperstall found the film's storyline to be "powerful" and its songs to be "beautiful". Filmfare had mentioned Madhubala's performance as Gauri in the film among her best performances.
Box office
Insan Jaag Utha was a hit with audience and eventually emerged as the thirteenth highest-grossing film of 1959, taking 0.52 crore at the box office. However, since the film was made on a big budget, its earning brought Samanta only a little profit. In an interview he gave several years after the film's release, he recalled Insan Jaag Utha as a "mediocre success".
Discouraged by the little box-office returns of Insan Jaag Utha, Samanta shifted back to make entertainment-oriented, crime films for another decade, beginning with the highly successful Jaali Note (1960), before attempting the socially relevant film genre with films like Aradhana (1969), Kati Patang (1971) and Amar Prem (1971).
References
External links
, Rajshri Films Official channel
Indian drama films
1959 films
Films directed by Shakti Samanta
Films scored by S. D. Burman
Indian black-and-white films
1959 drama films
1950s Hindi-language films
Hindi-language drama films
John Lampkin Taylor (March 7, 1805 – September 6, 1870) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for four terms from 1847 to 1855.
Biography
Born in Stafford County, near Fredericksburg, Virginia, Taylor completed preparatory studies.
He studied law in Washington, D.C..
He was admitted to the bar in 1828 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1829.
He served as a major general in the State militia for several years.
Taylor was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1855).
He served as a clerk in the United States Department of the Interior from May 1, 1870, until his sudden death at his desk in Washington, D.C., September 6, 1870.
He was interred in the family burying ground on the Taylor ancestral estate, "Mansfield," near Louisa, Virginia.
Sources
1805 births
1870 deaths
Politicians from Fredericksburg, Virginia
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
American militia generals
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Paul Vangelisti (born 1945) is a United States poet and broadcaster. He graduated from the University of San Francisco in 1967 with a Bachelor of Arts in English and Philosophy. He attended Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland, for a year as a research Fellow and moved to Los Angeles in 1968 to attend the University of Southern California, where he took several graduate level classes but never earned a degree.
Vangelisti has edited several anthologies of poetry, including one each in Italian and Polish. His anthologies of Los Angeles area poets, such as "Specimen '73", were among the first such collections to begin defining the historical trajectory of post-World War II poetry in Southern California. His first such volume, "Anthology of L.A. Poets", was co-edited with Charles Bukowski and Neeli Cherkovski. Most recently, he edited "L.A. Exiles", an anthology of displaced Los Angeles writers.
Vangelisti is the author of almost twenty collections of poetry, including "Air" (1973), "Portfolio" (1978), "Another You" (1980), "Villa", "Rime" (1983), and "Nemo" (1995). He was awarded a Creative Writing Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1988. Vangelisti is also well known as a translator of Italian poetry, particularly experimental poets such as Adriano Spatola and Antonio Porta.
Vangelisti produced broadcasts of poetry readings through an association with Pacifica radio station KPFK in Los Angeles, where he worked as a Cultural Affairs Director between 1974 and 1982. While in that position, he initiated and directed L.A.T.E. (Los Angeles Theater of the Ear), which produced both live and recorded radio theater broadcasts of classic plays by Pirandello and Brecht, as well as contemporary playwrights.
Vangelisti is currently the Chair of the MFA writing program at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles.
External links
Paul Vangelisti Papers at University of California, San Diego
Living people
American translators
American male poets
1945 births
University of San Francisco alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Otis College of Art and Design faculty
Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani ( ; 4 July 1939 – 22 August 2011) was a Yemeni politician who served as Prime Minister of Yemen from 1994 to 1997, under President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Ghani was a member of the General People's Congress party.
Ghani also served as the second Vice President of Yemen Arab Republic in the 1980s, and as the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic twice. His first term was from 1975 to 1980, and his second term was from 1983 to unification in 1990.
Abdul Ghani was the president of the Consultative Council (Shura Council) from 2001 until his death in 2011.
He received his BA degree in economics from Colorado College in the United States in 1962 and an MA in economics from the University of Colorado in 1964.
He died in Saudi Arabia on 22 August 2011 from injuries suffered in a June assassination attempt on President Ali Abdullah Saleh, a government official with Saleh in Riyadh said.
Ghani was the first senior political figure to die from the explosion in Saleh's palace mosque which forced the president and a number of his aides to seek medical treatment in Saudi Arabia.
References
1939 births
2011 deaths
20th-century Yemeni people
21st-century Yemeni people
General People's Congress (Yemen) politicians
Governors of the Central Bank of Yemen
People from Taiz Governorate
Prime Ministers of Yemen
Vice presidents of North Yemen
Leonard Bacon (1887–1954) was an American poet, translator, and literary critic. The great-grandson of preacher Leonard Bacon, he graduated from Yale University in 1909, and subsequently taught at University of California, Berkeley until his retirement in 1923. In 1923, he started publishing poetry in the Saturday Review of Literature under the pseudonym 'Autholycus'. He and his family lived in Florence, Italy from 1927 to 1932. He won the 1941 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for his satiric poems Sunderland Capture. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1942.
Works
The Heroic Ballads of Servia (1913) (translated from Spanish)
Chanson de Roland (1914) (translated from French)
The Cid (1919) (translated from Spanish)
Sophia Trenton (1920)
Ulug beg (1923)
Ph.D.s (1925)
Animula Vagula (1926)
Guinea-fowl and other Poultry (1927)
Lost Buffalo, and other Poems (1930)
Sunderland Capture (1940) (winner of the Pulitzer Prize)
Day of Fire (1943)
References
External links
Leonard Bacon Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
New York State Literary Tree: Leonard Bacon
Biographical Notes, Leonard Bacon
Hervey Allen Papers, 1831-1965, SC.1952.01, Special Collections Department, University of Pittsburgh
1887 births
1954 deaths
Poets from New York (state)
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from Onondaga County, New York
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry winners
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Writers from Rhode Island
Yale University alumni
20th-century American poets
Censorship in Iraq has changed under different regimes, most recently due to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Since 2003
The penal code and censorship
The penal code of Iraq does have some provisions that do address the issue of censorship. In 2003, the Iraqi penal code was reverted to its 1988 edition with some revisions drafted by Paul Bremer and later the Iraqi national government. Several provisions in the current penal code address the limitations placed on the freedom of the press and communicative media, namely;
Paragraph 215 – Any person who produces, imports, exports or obtains a picture, written material or sign with intent to trade, distribute, display or exhibit such material, which, by its nature, endangers the public security or brings the country into disrepute unless he was acting in good faith is punishable by detention plus a fine not exceeding 300 dinars or by one of those penalties.
Paragraph 220 – If five or more people are assembled in a public place, thereby endangering the public security and the public authorities order them to disperse, any person who is given that order and refuses to comply with it is punishable by a period of detention not exceeding 1 year plus a fine not exceeding 100 dinars or by one of those penalties.
Paragraph 403 – Any person who produces, imports, publishes, possesses, obtains or translates a book, printed or other written material, drawing, picture, film, symbol or other thing that violates the public integrity or decency with intent to exploit or distribute such material is punishable by a period of detention not exceeding 2 years plus a fine not exceeding 200 dinars or by one of those penalties. The same penalty applies to any person who advertises such material or displays it in public or sells, hires or offers it for sale or hire even though it is not in public or to any person who distributes or submits it for distribution by any means. If the offense is committed with intent to deprave, it is considered to be an aggravating circumstances.b
Paragraph 404 – Any person who himself or through some mechanical means sings or broadcasts in a public place obscene or indecent songs or statements is punishable by a period of detention not exceeding 1 year or by a fine not exceeding 100 dinars.
Paragraph 434 – Insult is the imputation to another of something dishonourable or disrespectful or the hurting of his feelings even though it does not include an imputation to him of a particular matter. Any person who insults another is punishable by a period of detention not exceeding 1 year plus a fine not exceeding 100 dinars or by one of those penalties. If such insult Is published in a newspaper or publication or medium it is considered an aggravating circumstance.
Paragraph 438 – The following persons are punishable by a period of detention not exceeding 1 year plus a fine not exceeding 100 dinars or by one of those penalties: (1) Any person who publishes in any way a picture, remark or information in respect of the private or family life of another, even though such information is true and such publication causes him offense. (2) Any person other than those mentioned in Paragraph 328 who is privy to information contained in a letter, telex or telephone conversation and he discloses such information to a person other than for whom it is intended and such disclosure causes harm to another.
The Constitution and censorship
In 2005, a new Constitution was ratified by Iraqi voters, which have implications for Constitutional rights and censorship in Iraq. Among the civil liberties guaranteed in the Constitution include;
Section 1. Article 7 - No entity or program, under any name, may adopt racism, terrorism, the calling of others infidels, ethnic cleansing, or incite, facilitate, glorify, promote, or justify thereto, especially the Saddamist Baath in Iraq and its symbols, regardless of the name that it adopts. This may not be part of the political pluralism in Iraq. This will be organized by law.
Section 2. Article 36 - The state guarantees in a way that does not violate public order and morality: a. Freedom of expression, through all means. b. Freedom of press, printing, advertisement, media and publication. c. Freedom of assembly and peaceful demonstration. This shall be regulated by law.
Section 2. Article 38 - The State shall guarantee in a way that does not violate public order and morality: First. Freedom of expression using all means. Second. Freedom of press, printing, advertisement, media and publication. Third. Freedom of assembly and peaceful demonstration, and this shall be regulated by law.
Section 2. Article 40 - The freedom of communication, and mail, telegraphic, electronic, and telephonic correspondence, and other correspondence shall be guaranteed and may not be monitored, wiretapped or disclosed except for legal and security necessity and by a judicial decision.
Internet censorship
Only 17.6% of Iraq's population had access to the Internet at the end of 2013.
The ONI found no evidence of filtering from Iraq in August 2009 in all 4 areas for those which the government tests political filtering, social filtering, conflict/security, and monitoring of Internet tools.
Iraq's constitution provides for the rights of freedom of speech and press, and the government respects these rights in practice. There are no overt government restrictions that the government monitor Internet chat rooms or e-mail.
Those freedoms are provided so that it doesn't violate public order and morality or express support for the banned Baath Party or for altering the country's borders by violent means.
Censorship in Iraq: 1979 - 2003
Saddam Hussein ruled Iraq as a single-party dictatorship from 1979 - 2003, with the Ba'athist Party being the only lawful party in Iraq. During this era, political criticism or dissent of the Iraqi government was illegal. Similar restrictions against political expression were found in the Iraqi Constitution.
While elections were sometimes held in Iraq during this time period, they essentially "mock" elections with Saddam Hussein as the sole candidate. No legitimate free and fair elections were held in Iraq.
The Iraqi National government was (in accordance with Article 37 of the Constitution of 1990) limited to the membership of the Revolutionary Command Council. Among other powers, this council had (Article 36) the right to prohibit anything that they felt harmed "national unity", the "objectives of the People" or their "achievements".
Censorship in Iraq during the 1950s - 1979
In the late 1950s - late 1970s, several different political factions fought for control of the Iraqi government. Initially, a series of military leaders ruled Iraq from 1958 - 1968. After, which the Iraqi Baathist Party seized control and was led by a series of party leaders until Saddam Hussein came to power in 1979. None of these different governments showed much support for the freedom of speech, press, personal expression and other forms of communications because of Saddam's strict rule.
Censorship in the Kingdom of Iraq
The Constitution governing the Kingdom of Iraq (1932 - 1958) pledged to respect several civil liberties, specifically;
Article 12 - "Freedom of expression of opinion, liberty of publication, of meeting together, and of forming and joining associations" ... in accordance with whatever laws were enacted by the national government.
Article 13 - "Islam is the official religion of the State. Freedom to practise the rites; of the different sects of that religion, as observed in Iraq, is guaranteed. Complete freedom of conscience and freedom to practise the various forms of worship, in conformity with accepted customs, is guaranteed to all inhabitants of the country provided that such forms of worship do not conflict with the maintenance of order and discipline or public morality."
Article 15 - "Art. 15. All postal and telegraphic correspondence and all telephonic communications shall be secret and free from censorship or detention, except in such circumstances and in such manner as may be prescribed by law."
See also
Human rights in post-invasion Iraq
Human rights in Saddam Hussein's Iraq
Human rights in pre-Saddam Iraq
Internet censorship and surveillance in Iraq
References
External links
Constitution of the Republic of Iraq, Official Gazette of Iraq, No. 4012, of December 28, 2005 (Arabic text)
UN WIPO: Iraqi Constitution (2005) in English translation
Iraq: A Tale of Censorship, a 2007 film about a U.S. soldiers accouint of widespread censorship of the media in Iraq
Iraq
Politics of Iraq
Human rights abuses in Iraq
Warren Matthew Burrell (born 3 June 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for club Harrogate Town.
Career
Burrell is a graduate of the Mansfield Town youth academy, and made his first-team debut in the last game of the 2007–08 season against Dagenham & Redbridge, coming on as a substitute for Nathan Arnold. He was also captain of Mansfield's youth team, and signed a professional contract with the club in June 2008. On 12 January 2016 Warren re-signed with Harrogate Town.
Honours
Harrogate Town
National League play-offs: 2020
FA Trophy: 2019–20
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Sheffield
English footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Harrogate Town A.F.C. players
Sheffield F.C. players
Handsworth F.C. players
Leek Town F.C. players
Buxton F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
The speckle-fronted weaver (Sporopipes frontalis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Africa from Mauritania and Gambia in the west to Ethiopia and Tanzania in the east.
Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
Gallery
References
External links
Speckle-fronted Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
speckle-fronted weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
speckle-fronted weaver
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Informe Semanal ( Weekly Report) is a weekly Spanish television news magazine broadcast on La 1 of Televisión Española (TVE). Debuting on 31 March 1973, it is the second longest-running national television program in the history of television in Spain, just behind the daily newscast Telediario, on air since 15 September 1957; and the third overall just behind TVE's Canary Islands regional musical program Tenderete, on air since 7 September 1971.
Informe Semanal is produced by Televisión Española news services and besides on La 1, it is broadcast on 24 Horas news channel, on TVE Internacional and on RTVE Play. Previous editions are also available on the online platform on demand.
With years on air, it is referred as the milestone television news magazine in Europe and it is Televisión Española's most awarded program.
Format
The program's format is based on the American program 60 Minutes from CBS, that consists of four reports about themes as current affairs, economy, politics, society and culture. Each report lasts around 10–15 minutes.
History
Informe Semanal started broadcast on 31 March 1973, then titled Semanal Informativo and hosted by José Antonio Silva and directed by Pedro Erquicia. Since then they have issued more than 6,000 reports.
In 1978 Erquicia left the direction of the program and was replaced by Jorge Martínez Reverte and for some time the format was changed and live interviews were featured.
In January 2021, the journalist Cristina Olea interviewed former US President Barack Obama for the program Informe Semanal.
Directors
Pedro Erquicia (1973-1978)
Rafael Martínez Dubán (1978-1981)
Ramón Colom (1981-1987)
Jorge Martínez Reverte (1988)
Baltasar Magro (1988-1989)
María Antonia Iglesias (1989-1990)
Elena Martí (1990)
Ana Ramírez Cañil (1990-1991)
Fernando López Agudín (1991-1994)
Manuel Sánchez Pereira (1994-1996)
Baltasar Magro (1996-2004)
Alicia Gómez Montano (2004-2012)
Jenaro Castro (2012-)
Hosts
José Antonio Silva (1973-1975)
Pedro Erquicia (1976-1978)
Rosa María Mateo (1975-1980)
Adela Cantalapiedra (1980-1981)
Ramón Colom (1981-1983)
Mari Carmen García Vela (1983-1996)
Georgina Cisquella (1996)
Baltasar Magro (1996-2000)
Almudena Ariza (2000-2001)
Letizia Ortiz (2001)
Baltasar Magro (2001-2004)
Pilar García Muñiz (2004)
Alicia Gómez Montano (2004-2005)
Beatriz Ariño (2005-2007)
Beatriz Ariño, María Casado, Ana Blanco, Lorenzo Milá, David Cantero, Ana Pastor and Pepa Bueno (2007-2009)
David Cantero (2009-2010)
Ana Roldán (2010-2012)
Olga Lambea (2012–2020)
Marisa Rodríguez Palop (2020-present)
References
External Links
1973 Spanish television series debuts
1970s Spanish television series
1980s Spanish television series
1990s Spanish television series
2000s Spanish television series
2010s Spanish television series
2020s Spanish television series
RTVE shows
Spanish television news shows
Spanish-language television shows
The Pittsburgh Penguins were the best team in the NHL during the 1992–93 regular season. Their 56 wins and 119 points earned them the Presidents' Trophy's as the League's top team. Four players reached the 100-point plateau and, for the second consecutive season, five reached the 30-goal plateau. Despite missing over a quarter of the regular season due to Hodgkin's Disease, Mario Lemieux returned later in the year to help the Penguins put together a 17-game winning streak, an NHL record still standing today.
Logo
Regular season
Pittsburgh allowed the most short-handed goals (19) during the regular season of all 24 teams. In addition to tying the Buffalo Sabres for most hat-tricks during the regular season, with ten, the Penguins finished second in shooting percentage, scoring 367 goals on 2,725 shots (13.5%). The Penguins also achieved a feat of 3 goals in 29 seconds during a home game on January 26, 1993.
Mario Lemieux
It was announced during the regular season that Mario Lemieux had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's Disease. Despite missing 24 regular season games and the 1993 NHL All-Star Game in Montreal on February 6, 1993, Lemieux led the League in plus-minus with +55 and led in scoring with 160 points (a total for which he would win the Art Ross Trophy). At the pace he was scoring goals (1.15 per game) and earning up assists (1.52 per game), he could have scored 97 goals and tallied 128 assists for 225 points had he played all 84 games. Had he achieved these totals, he would have broken Wayne Gretzky's all-time records for most goals in a season (92) and most points in a season (215). In recognition of his dedication and his achievements, Lemieux was awarded the Hart Memorial Trophy as the NHL's MVP during the regular season.
Season standings
Schedule and results
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 1 || 6 || Philadelphia Flyers || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–0–1 || 1
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2 || 8 || New York Islanders || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–0–1 || 3
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 3 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || Montreal Canadiens || 1–0–2 || 4
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 4 || 13 || Buffalo Sabres || 5–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–0–2 || 6
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 5 || 15 || Montreal Canadiens || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–0–2 || 8
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 6 || 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || Hartford Whalers || 4–0–2 || 10
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 7 || 20 || Vancouver Canucks || 1–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–0–2 || 12
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 8 || 22 || Detroit Red Wings || 6–9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–0–2 || 14
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 9 || 24 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || New Jersey Devils || 7–0–2 || 16
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 10 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–2 || Ottawa Senators || 8–0–2 || 18
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 11 || 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–6 || St. Louis Blues || 8–1–2 || 18
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 12 || 1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–4 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 9–1–2 || 20
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 13 || 3 || New York Islanders || 0–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 10–1–2 || 22
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 14 || 5 || St. Louis Blues || 4–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 11–1–2 || 24
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 15 || 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 11–2–2 || 24
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 16 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || Chicago Blackhawks || 11–3–2 || 24
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 17 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Minnesota North Stars || 12–3–2 || 26
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 18 || 12 || Quebec Nordiques || 4–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–3–3 || 27
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 19 || 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–8 || Detroit Red Wings || 12–4–3 || 27
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 20 || 17 || Buffalo Sabres || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 13–4–3 || 29
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 21 || 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || New Jersey Devils || 14–4–3 || 31
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 22 || 21 || New Jersey Devils || 0–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 15–4–3 || 33
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 23 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–2 || New York Rangers || 16–4–3 || 35
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 24 || 25 || New York Rangers || 11–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–5–3 || 35
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 25 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–6 || Washington Capitals || 16–6–3 || 35
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 26 || 28 || Washington Capitals || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 17–6–3 || 37
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 27 || 1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || New York Islanders || 18–6–3 || 39
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 28 || 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Los Angeles Kings || 18–7–3 || 39
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 29 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 9–4 || San Jose Sharks || 19–7–3 || 41
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 30 || 8 || Winnipeg Jets || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 20–7–3 || 43
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 31 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || New Jersey Devils || 20–8–3 || 43
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 32 || 12 || New Jersey Devils || 5–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–8–3 || 45
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 33 || 15 || Philadelphia Flyers || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 22–8–3 || 47
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 34 || 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–4 OT || Philadelphia Flyers || 23–8–3 || 49
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 35 || 19 || New York Islanders || 4–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–9–3 || 49
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 36 || 21 || Quebec Nordiques || 4–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 24–9–3 || 51
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 37 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–0 || Philadelphia Flyers || 25–9–3 || 53
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 38 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Buffalo Sabres || 26–9–3 || 55
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 39 || 31 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–9–4 || 56
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 40 || 2 || New York Rangers || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 27–9–4 || 58
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 41 || 5 || Boston Bruins || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 28–9–4 || 60
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 42 || 7 || Minnesota North Stars || 6–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 28–10–4 || 60
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 43 || 9 || Calgary Flames || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–10–4 || 62
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 44 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Winnipeg Jets || 29–11–4 || 62
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 45 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–7 || Boston Bruins || 29–12–4 || 62
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 46 || 16 || Ottawa Senators || 1–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–12–4 || 64
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 47 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–2 || Vancouver Canucks || 31–12–4 || 66
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 48 || 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Edmonton Oilers || 31–13–4 || 66
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 49 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Calgary Flames || 32–13–4 || 68
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 50 || 26 || Washington Capitals || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 33–13–4 || 70
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 51 || 28 || New York Islanders || 5–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 33–14–4 || 70
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 52 || 30 || Philadelphia Flyers || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 34–14–4 || 72
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 53 || 31 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–2 OT || Washington Capitals || 34–14–5 || 73
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 54 || 8 || Boston Bruins || 0–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 35–14–5 || 75
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 55 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–0 || New York Rangers || 36–14–5 || 77
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 56 || 13 || Chicago Blackhawks || 1–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 37–14–5 || 79
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 57 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–7 || Buffalo Sabres || 37–15–5 || 79
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 58 || 18 || Edmonton Oilers || 5–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 37–16–5 || 79
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 59 || 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || New York Islanders || 37–17–5 || 79
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 60 || 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || Hartford Whalers || 38–17–5 || 81
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 61 || 23 || New Jersey Devils || 3–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 38–18–5 || 81
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 62 || 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Ottawa Senators || 38–19–5 || 81
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 63 || 27 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 38–19–6 || 82
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 64 || 28 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Washington Capitals || 39–19–6 || 84
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 65 || 02 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–5 || Philadelphia Flyers || 39–20–6 || 84
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 66 || 05 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–3 || New York Rangers || 39–21–6 || 84
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 67 || 09 || Boston Bruins || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 40–21–6 || 86
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 68 || 11 || Los Angeles Kings || 3–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 41–21–6 || 88
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 69 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || New York Islanders || 42–21–6 || 90
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 70 || 18 || Washington Capitals || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 43–21–6 || 92
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 71 || 20 || Philadelphia Flyers || 3–9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 44–21–6 || 94
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 72 || 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–4 || Edmonton Oilers || 45–21–6 || 96
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 73 || 23 || San Jose Sharks || 2–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 46–21–6 || 98
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 74 || 25 || New Jersey Devils || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 47–21–6 || 100
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 75 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Boston Bruins || 48–21–6 || 102
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 76 || 28 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Washington Capitals || 49–21–6 || 104
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 77 || 30 || Ottawa Senators || 4–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 50–21–6 || 106
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 78 || 1 || Hartford Whalers || 2–10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 51–21–6 || 108
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 79 || 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Quebec Nordiques || 52–21–6 || 110
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 80 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–2 || New Jersey Devils || 53–21–6 || 112
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 81 || 7 || Montreal Canadiens || 3–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 54–21–6 || 114
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 82 || 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 10–4 || New York Rangers || 55–21–6 || 116
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 83 || Apr 10 || New York Rangers || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 56–21–6 || 118
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 84 || Apr 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–6 OT || New Jersey Devils || 56–21–7 || 119
|-
|- style="text-align:center;"
| Legend: = Win = Loss = Tie
Playoffs
Patrick Division Semifinals
Pittsburgh vs. New Jersey
The Devils had been a struggling team prior to the 1992–93 season, and in the first round of the playoffs, they met the Presidents' Trophy winners from Pittsburgh. The Penguins entered the series on an 11-game playoff winning streak, which they extended to a record 14 games in this series.
Patrick Division Finals
Pittsburgh vs. New York Islanders
The Isles' improbable upset of the Penguins was capped off by David Volek's series-winning goal at 5:16 of overtime in Game 7.
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
Awards and records
Mario Lemieux became the first person to score 1100 points for the Penguins. He did so in a 5–4 win over Philadelphia on December 17.
Troy Loney set a franchise record for penalty minutes (980). He broke the previous high of 959 set by Rod Buskas is 1990.
Awards
Transactions
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1992–93 season:
Trades
Free agents
Waivers
Signings
Other
Draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins' picks at the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.
Draft notes
The Pittsburgh Penguins' 11th-round pick went to the St. Louis Blues as the result of an October 2, 1990, trade that sent Gordie Roberts to the Penguins in exchange for this pick.
Farm teams
The Cleveland Lumberjacks relocated from Muskegon for the 1992–93 season. They finished second in the International Hockey League (IHL)'s Atlantic Division which earned them a playoff spot. They lost in the first round of the playoffs to the eventual Turner Cup champion Fort Wayne Komets.
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Presidents' Trophy seasons
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
Pitts
Pitts
Patrick Division champion seasons
Pitts
Pitts
Coatbridge North is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects four councillors. Covering neighbourhoods in the north of Coatbridge (Blairhill, Cliftonville, Drumpellier, Dunbeth, Gartsherrie, Greenhill, Parklands, Summerlee, Sunnyside, Townhead and the town centre), the ward had a population of 15,146 in 2019.
It was created in 2007 as Coatbridge North and Glenboig, originally covering around twice as much territory between Coatbridge and Condorrat about further north, largely rural and sparsely populated but including the expanding commuter village of Glenboig. A nationwide boundary review in 2017 that recommended more representation for the area overall led to this rural half being placed in a separate new ward (along with Gartcosh and Moodiesburn from the Strathkelvin ward), but the electorate in the existing ward reduced only a slightly as a result and the number of seats was unaffected.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
2012 Election
2016 By-election
Councillor Fulton James McGregor was elected as a MSP for Coatbridge and Chryston in the 2016 Scottish Parliament election. On 29 June 2016 he resigned his council seat. A by-election was held on 22 September 2016 which was won by Labour's Alex McVey.
2007 Election
2009 By-election
The SNP's John Wilson resigned following his election as an MSP. Peter Sullivan gained the seat for Labour in the resulting by-election.
2011 By-election
Labour Party's Tony Clarke died on 24 August 2011. Michael McPake held the seat in the resulting by-election.
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Coatbridge
Korytyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Trzeszczany, west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Korytyna
Clifton Bailey Beach (September 16, 1845 – November 15, 1902) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1895 to 1899.
Biography
Born in Sharon Township, Medina County, Ohio, Beach moved to Cleveland with his parents in 1857.
He attended the common schools and was graduated from Western Reserve College in Hudson, Ohio, known now as Case Western Reserve University, in 1871.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1872 and commenced practice in Cleveland.
He served as deputy collector of customs at Cleveland.
He retired from the practice of law in 1884 and engaged in the manufacture of wire nails, staples, and rods.
Beach was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1899).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1898.
He resumed his former manufacturing pursuits in Cleveland.
He died at Rocky River, Ohio, November 15, 1902.
He was interred in Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sources
1845 births
1902 deaths
Politicians from Cleveland
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Cleveland
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Jetmir Topalli (born 7 February 1998) is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Turkish club İstanbulspor and the Kosovo national team.
Club career
Ballkani
On 13 June 2018, Topalli signed a two-year contract with Football Superleague of Kosovo club Ballkani. On 25 August 2018, he made his debut in a 3–0 home defeat against Llapi after being named in the starting line-up.
Loan at Feronikeli
On 13 June 2019, Topalli joined in a short-time loan with Football Superleague of Kosovo club Feronikeli, only for European competition matches. Twelve days later, he was named as a Feronikeli substitute for the first time in semi-final of 2019–20 UEFA Champions League preliminary round against the Gibraltarian side Lincoln Red Imps. His debut with Feronikeli came on 28 June in final of 2019–20 UEFA Champions League preliminary round against the Andorran side FC Santa Coloma after coming on as a substitute at 67th minute in place of Jean Carioca.
Yeni Malatyaspor
On 13 August 2020, Topalli signed a three-year contract with Süper Lig club Yeni Malatyaspor, and received squad number 98. On 12 September 2020, he made his debut in a 3–0 away defeat against Fatih Karagümrük after coming on as a substitute at 81st minute in place of Umut Bulut.
İstanbulspor
On 31 August 2021, Topalli signed a five-year contract with TFF First League club İstanbulspor.
International career
On 24 December 2019, Topalli received a call-up from Kosovo for the friendly match against Sweden, and made his debut after coming on as a substitute at 46th minute in place of Flamur Kastrati.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Kaçanik
Kosovan footballers
Kosovo international footballers
Kosovan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Association football forwards
KF Vushtrria players
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
KF Ballkani players
KF Feronikeli players
Süper Lig players
Yeni Malatyaspor footballers
TFF First League players
İstanbulspor footballers
Georgia Walker (born 7 December 1998) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Football Club in the AFL Women's (AFLW).
Early life and state football
Born in Rye, Walker started playing with the boys of her local club. In 2015, Walker joined the Dandenong Stingrays and was the captain of the youth girls in her two years with the club. At the same time she also played for Rye Youth Girls and for Seaford in the starting VFLW season. She won the Youth Girls Academy Challenge premiership with the Dandenong Stingrays, beating the Sandringham Dragons in the grand final, with Walker winning the best on the ground award.
After playing for in the inaugural AFLW season, Walker joined the Southern Saints before their first VFLW season.
AFL Women's career
After not being selected in the draft, Walker was signed by as a late injury replacement, following Collingwood's Canadian recruit Kendra Heil suffering an anterior cruciate ligament injury. She made her debut in round 3, 2017, in a match at South Pine Sports Complex against .
Walker was delisted by Collingwood ahead of the 2018 season.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of the 2017 season.
|- style="background-color: #eaeaea"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 31 || 2 || 0 || 0 || 5 || 3 || 8 || 0 || 3 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 2.5 || 1.5 || 4.0 || 0.0 || 1.5
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 2
! 0
! 0
! 5
! 3
! 8
! 0
! 3
! 0.0
! 0.0
! 2.5
! 1.5
! 4.0
! 0.0
! 1.5
|}
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Collingwood Football Club (AFLW) players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Ergste is a stadtbezirk (a district) of the town of Schwerte in Germany. As of 31 December 2012, Ergste had a population of 7025 inhabitants. It lies south of the river Ruhr near Sauerland. Ergste is twinned with the French commune Allouagne.
Ergste has bus connections inside the district, to central Schwerte and Iserlohn-Letmathe. Furthermore you can find an own train station here. It is served by train line RB53 between Iserlohn and Dortmund via Schwerte. On weekdays the connections on this line are half-hourly.
References
External links
Heimatverein Ergste Internet site of the local history society of Ergste
openstreetmap
Unna (district)
Ramón Alfredo Muttis (12 March 1899 – 12 January 1955) was an Argentine football defender who spent most of his career with Boca Juniors. He also played for the Argentina national team winning the 1925 South American Championship.
Muttis (sometimes recorded as Mutis) started his career with Argentine club Wanderers, in 1920 he joined Club Atlético Atlanta where he was part of the team that won the Copa de Honor in 1920.
Muttis joined Boca Juniors in 1923, the same year that he made his international debut. He won a total of 9 championships with the club. Muttis made a total of 237 appearances for Boca Juniors, spanning ten seasons earning the nickname "Ramón el Fuerte (Ramón the Strong)".
Muttis played in two editions of the Copa América, winning the tournament in 1925 and finishing second in 1926. He was part of the Argentina squad for the 1930 FIFA World Cup but he only played in one game, against France.
Muttis retired in 1932 but came out of retirement in 1936 to play for Argentinos Juniors. He went on to become player-manager of Almagro leading them to the 2nd Division championship in 1937 and in 1940 he was the manager of the Argentinos Juniors squad that won the 2nd division championship.
Titles
Club
Boca Juniors
Primera División (5): 1923, 1924, 1926, 1930, 1931
Copa Ibarguren (2): 1923, 1924
Copa de Competencia Jockey Club (1): 1925
Copa Estímulo (1): 1926
Copa de Honor Cousenier (1): 1920
National team
Argentina
Copa América (1): 1925
References
External links
Informe Xeneize profile
1899 births
1955 deaths
Argentine people of Italian descent
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
1930 FIFA World Cup players
Association football defenders
Club Atlético Atlanta footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Club Almagro players
Argentine Primera División players
Argentine football managers
Almagro managers
Argentinos Juniors managers
Forrest Henry "Frosty" Sprowl (August 23, 1919 – October 19, 1988) was an American basketball player and coach. An All-American college player at Purdue, he was a head coach at the college level at Lawrence.
Sprowl came to Purdue from Oblong, Illinois to play for coach Ward Lambert at Purdue University. During the course of his three-year varsity career he was twice named Purdue MVP and earned All-Big Ten Conference honors as a senior. At the close of the season he was named a second-team All-American by Converse.
Following the close of his college career, Sprowl enlisted in the Navy and played with the Great Lakes Naval Training Station under Tony Hinkle. Upon returning to civilian life, he turned to high school coaching, first for his alma mater Oblong High School for a year and then to Monticello High School in Indiana for four seasons. He was then named head basketball coach at Lawrence College (now Lawrence University) in 1951, also taking on assistant football and head tennis coaching duties. He coached at Lawrence for four seasons before resigning for a corporate job.
Sprowl died on October 21, 1988.
References
External links
Basketball Museum of Illinois profile
1919 births
1988 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
Chicago Bruins players
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
College tennis coaches in the United States
High school basketball coaches in Illinois
High school basketball coaches in Indiana
Lawrence Vikings football coaches
Lawrence Vikings men's basketball coaches
People from Huntington, Indiana
Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball players
Small forwards
The greater sciatic notch is a notch in the ilium, one of the bones that make up the human pelvis. It lies between the posterior inferior iliac spine (above), and the ischial spine (below). The sacrospinous ligament changes this notch into an opening, the greater sciatic foramen.
The notch holds the piriformis, the superior gluteal vein and artery, and the superior gluteal nerve; the inferior gluteal vein and artery and the inferior gluteal nerve; the sciatic and posterior femoral cutaneous nerves; the internal pudendal artery and veins, and the nerves to the internal obturator and quadratus femoris muscles.
Of these, the superior gluteal vessels and nerve pass out above the piriformis, and the other structures below it.
The greater sciatic notch is wider in women (about 74.4 degree in female) than in men (about 50.4 degree in male).
See also
Greater sciatic foramen
Lesser sciatic notch
References
External links
- The Male Perineum and the Penis: Osteology"
- "The Male Pelvis: Hip Bone"
Bones of the pelvis
Murtada Said Abdel Baki al-Hadithi (; 1941 – 1 June, 1980), was an Iraqi politician, diplomat and minister. Al-Hadithi served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 31 October 1971 to 23 June 1974.
Biography
Al-Hadithi was born in 1941 in Haditha, Al Anbar Governorate, a small town located northwest of Baghdad. Al-Hadithi finished his elementary school in Haditha and moved to Ramadi for his higher school. Al-Hadithi finished studying College of Education for Department of Mathematics in Baghdad in 1965.
Politician Life
Al-Hadithi was member of Ba'ath Party from 1954 , after Ba'athism had taken over power in Iraq on 17 July 1968; Al-Hadithi got many important positions in government. Al-Hadithi was Minister of Works and Economy from March in 1970 to 24 October 1971, minister of Foreign Affairs from 1971 to 1974 and ambassador in the Soviet Union and Spain.
Death
Al-Hadithi was arrested in Baghdad after he had come back from Madrid during operations of Ba'ath Party Purge in July 1979 and murdered in prison by Iraqi security forces on June 1, 1980 in Baghdad.
References
1941 births
1980 deaths
Government ministers of Iraq
Foreign ministers of Iraq
Iraqi diplomats
Ambassadors of Iraq to the Soviet Union
Robert Brown (Robby) Gardner (February 27, 1939 – May 5, 1998) was an American mathematician who worked on differential geometry, a field in which he obtained several novel results. He was the author and co-author of three influential books, produced more than fifty papers, eighteen masters students and thirteen Ph.D students. His 1991 book, Exterior Differential Systems, coauthored with R. Bryant, S. S. Chern, H. Goldschmidt, and P. Griffiths, is the standard reference for the subject. Robert Bryant, Duke University's Professor of Mathematics and the president of the American Mathematical Society (2015-2017) was a student of his.
He is better known in the United States for his improvements and popularization of the methods of Élie Cartan (most notably, Cartan's equivalence method, an algorithmic procedure for determining if two geometric shapes are different). The works of Cartan were hard to grasp for most students, and Gardner worked to explain them in more accessible ways.
Biography
He was born on February 27, 1939. Gardner graduated from Princeton University in 1959, earned a master's degree from Columbia University in 1960, and completed his PhD in 1965 from the University of California, Berkeley, under the orientation of Shiing-Shen Chern. After this, he worked at many places, including becoming a member of the Institute for Advanced Study, and some years as assistant professor at Columbia University. He joined the faculty of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1971 and became a full professor there in 1977. He died on May 5, 1998.
Legacy
In his memory, the UNC Mathematics Department created the Robert Brown Gardner Memorial Fund, devoted to supporting graduate student activities.
Selected publications
The Method of Equivalence and Its Applications
R. Bryant, S.-S. Chern, R. B. Gardner, H. Goldschmidt, P. Griffiths, Exterior Differential Systems, MSRI Publications, Springer, 1990
Lectures on Exterior Algebras Over Commutative Rings
Differential Geometric Methods in Partial Differential Equations
References
Further reading
Pat Eberlein, "Robby Gardner (February 27, 1939 - May 5, 1998)"
1939 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
Geometers
Princeton University alumni
Columbia University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Columbia University faculty
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Place of birth missing
Mount Margaret is a 5,850-ft (1,780 m) mountain summit located in Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in Skamania County of southwest Washington state. It is situated in the Cascade Range, north of Spirit Lake, and northeast of Coldwater Peak. Its nearest higher neighbor is Mount Whittier, to the north, and Mount St. Helens rises to the south. Precipitation runoff from Mount Margaret drains into Coldwater Creek, a tributary of the North Fork Toutle River. A hiking trail provides access to this mountain. This peak was named some time before 1900 by an admiring prospector for Margaret "Maggie" Shultz Layton (1877-1965), a pioneering resident of Toledo, Washington.
Geology
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to various climate differences. During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured and shaped the landscape. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity occurred. The lateral blast from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was pointed toward Mount Margaret and stripped the vegetation from its slopes. Due to Mount Saint Helens' proximity to Mount Margaret, volcanic ash is common in the area.
Climate
Coldwater Peak is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
See also
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: Mount Margaret
Mt. Margaret hiking trail: US Forest Service
Cascade Range
Mountains of Skamania County, Washington
Mountains of Washington (state)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest
North American 1000 m summits
Blanch's Café was a café in Stockholm, Sweden, located in a now demolished building on Hamngatan.
The house that houses the establishment was built in 1866 according to plans of the architect Albert Törnqvist and was originally intended to house an exhibition and create studio space with large windows in the building's upper floors. The Art Society in Stockholm moved into the premises on 1868. However, Governor Theodore Blanch (1835-1911) opened Blanch's cafe on the ground floor in July 1868. The interior was elegant and airy, with crystal chandeliers, plush carpets and comfortable chairs.
Live music was played every afternoon and foreign newspapers were laid out in the dining room. The building was replaced in the 1960s by Sverigehuset (Sweden House).
References
Restaurants in Stockholm
Coffeehouses and cafés in Sweden
was a feudal domain under the Tokugawa shogunate of Edo period Japan, located in Harima Province in what is now the southwestern portion of modern-day Hyōgo Prefecture. It was centered around the Anji jin'ya which was located in what is now the city of Himeji, Hyōgo and was controlled by a cadet branch fudai daimyō Ogasawara clan throughout all of its history.
History
In 1716, the 5th daimyō of Nakatsu Domain in Buzen Province, Ogasawara Nakasato died at the age of five. As he had no heir, this would normally be cause for attainder; however, in recognition of the death in combat of one his ancestors at the Siege of Osaka, the Tokugawa shogunate decided to appoint his uncle, Ogasawara Nagaoki as daimyō, but to reduce his kokudaka to 10,000 koku and to relocate his seat to Anji. Ogasawara Nagaoki was weak health and retired at the age of 19 without heir, but he adopted the son of Ogasawara Tadamoto of Kokura Domain, Ogasawara Nagamitsu, as his successor. Afterwards, the domain was regarded as if it was a subordinate domain of Kokura. Due to these strong ties, the domain fought in the Chōshū expeditions against Chōshū Domain, bu with the start of the Boshin War defected to the Imperial side. In 1871, with the abolition of the han system, the domain became Anji Prefecture, which was merged with Shikama Prefecture, which in turn became part of Hyōgo Prefecture.
The clan was ennobled with the kazoku peerage title of shishaku (viscount) in 1884.
Holdings at the end of the Edo period
As with most domains in the han system, Anji Domain consisted of several discontinuous territories calculated to provide the assigned kokudaka, based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields.
Harima Province
18 villages in Ako District
11 villages in Sayo District
18 villages in Shisō District
List of daimyō
{| class=wikitable
! #||Name || Tenure || Courtesy title || Court Rank || kokudaka
|-
|colspan=6| Ogasawara clan, 1716-1871 (Fudai)
|-
||1||||1716 - 1730|| -none- || -none- ||10,000 koku
|-
||2||||1730 - 1770||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
||3||||1770 - 1782||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
||4||||1782 - 1823||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
||5||||1823 - 1832||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
||6||||1832 - 1860||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
||7||||1860 - 1871||Shinano-no-kami (信濃守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||10,000 koku
|-
|}
See also
List of Han
Abolition of the han system
Further reading
Bolitho, Harold. (1974). Treasures Among Men: The Fudai Daimyo in Tokugawa Japan. New Haven: Yale University Press. ; OCLC 185685588
References
Domains of Japan
1871 disestablishments in Japan
States and territories disestablished in 1871
Harima Province
History of Hyōgo Prefecture
This is a list of yearly Carolinas Conference football standings.
Carolinas Conference football standings
Early history (1930–1955)
NAIA (1956–1969)
NAIA Division I (1970–1974)
References
Carolinas Conference
Carolinas Conference
Standings
Brisson was a 22-gun corvette of the French Navy.
Career
Brisson was built as a fluyt for the Mississippi Company. She became property of the Crown on 8 December 1769 with the liquidation of the Company, and commissioned as a light frigate. She was sold to the commerce circa September 1771.
She returned to the service of the Crown when the French requisitioned in July 1778 for the defence of Pondicherry. She was captured by the British at Pondicherry in September 1778.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Frigates of the French Navy
1767 ships
The Auburn Botanic Gardens are a botanical garden located in Auburn (a suburb of Sydney), New South Wales, Australia. It was established in 1977 and covers an area of . There are two lakes, a waterfall and bridges. Duck River winds through the garden. The garden is maintained by Cumberland Council. It is open daily, and there is a small entry fee on weekends. The Japanese gardens, which have hosted couples from overseas, are one of the main attractions.
The Auburn Botanic Gardens attract thousands of visitors each year, including a significant number from outside Australia, who come to enjoy the surrounds of the gardens, which provide a variety of flora and fauna. The topography of the site, which slopes gently towards the Duck River, has been altered to create different perspectives and microclimates. Three habitats are intended to provide an experience of 'Australia' in the city – the woodlands theatre, the native garden and billabong, and the Australian rainforest. The gardens were opened by New South Wales governor Sir Roden Cutler on 11 September 1977.
History
Prior to construction, the area was mined for clay tile production early in the 1900s. The area was then used as a waste landfill site. These soils were eventually excavated to create the hills and lakes that now lie in the gardens. The gardens were designed by Eric Black, chief engineer of Auburn Municipal Council from 1949 to 1979. Community groups have added a bonsai garden and an aviary to the basic plan. The native fauna reserve, set up in consultation with Taronga Zoo, is a later addition by the council's parks and gardens department.
The gardens owe their origin to the County of Cumberland planning scheme (1946–1951) which set aside the area along the banks of the Duck River for recreation. Both before and after the scheme, the council dumped rubbish and sewage along the banks and in brick and tile clay-pits for many years. In July 1968, Black presented a detailed report to the council on proposing a mixture of sporting grounds and intensive cultivation of the Duck River parklands. Black envisaged a series of gardens representing national styles from around the world. This vision was later reduced, though some elements survived, including the Japanese gardens and lake, the formal gardens and reflection pool, and the different Australian habitats.
Construction work on the Botanic Gardens site began in 1969 and involved the excavation of the Japanese Gardens Lake. In 1973, hundreds of trees were planted in the Avenue of Remembrance, Garden of Trees and Woodland area. The next crucial step was when the Whitlam Government (1972–1975) pioneered federal government recognition of local government through direct funding. Through the regional development program, Auburn Council received funding in 1974 and 1975–76 to develop the gardens.
Environment
Flora
The gardens have matured since their opening, to the extent that some areas have had to be replanted after maturing trees and plants came to the end of their life cycles. The New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Branch of the Department of Environment and Climate Change has identified the gardens as part of the recovery plan for certain environments and species, including Cooks River clay plain scrub forest, Acacia pubescens (downy wattle) and Wahlenbergia multicaulis (Tadgell's bluebell).
Other plant species in the garden include pine, cherry blossom and azalea, which are present in the Japanese Garden. Species such as Frangipani, Lavender and Sage are found in the Scented Garden. Floribunda, grandiflora, petunias, garden roses and David Austin Roses are present in the Rose Gardens. The Garden's woodland area has a thick canopy of foliage with tremendous amount of vegetation that would produce damp littered leaves and a moldy floor. A remnant of Cumberland Plain Woodland, the woodland's structural form is an open-forest to low woodland with a shrub by understory.
Fauna
Opened in 1994, the Fauna Reserve contains wallabies, kangaroos, emus, rufous bettong, red-bellied black snakes and the common wombat. The Reserve is a built structure which allows the public to walk through and view native animals within their own environment. The aviary was officially opened on 5 December 1988 and it contains Australian and Asian bird species. Migrating birds also frequently visit the Botanic Gardens. Outside of the fauna reserve, animals such as peacocks, swans and other native birds wander around the garden freely.
Attractions
Japanese garden and Japanese rock garden
Fauna reserve
Rose garden
Scented garden
Australian native and rainforest gardens
Gallery
See also
List of parks in Sydney
Royal Botanic Gardens
Nurragingy Reserve
Central Gardens Nature Reserve
Garden tourism
References
External links
Official website
Botanical gardens in New South Wales
1977 establishments in Australia
Parks in Sydney
Japanese gardens in Australia
Urban forests
Parks established in 1977
Joseph Howell (February 17, 1857 – July 18, 1918) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Life and career
Born in Brigham City, Utah Territory, Howell moved with his parents to Wellsville, Utah, in 1863.
He attended the common schools and the University of Utah at Salt Lake City.
He taught school, engaged in mercantile pursuits, and served as mayor of Wellsville from 1882 to 1884.
Howell served in the territorial house of representatives from 1886 to 1892.
After Utah gained statehood, Howell served as member of the State senate from 1896 to 1900. He was also regent of the University of Utah from 1896 to 1900.
Howell moved to Logan, Utah, in 1901.
Howell married Mary Maughan and their daughter Barabara Howell Richards served as a member of the Relief Société Générale Board.
Howell was elected as a Republican to House of Representatives for the Fifty-eighth and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1903 - March 3, 1917). Howell was involved in getting appropriations for the Mormon colonists who had fled Mexico in 1912.
Howell engaged in banking and the real estate business. The town of Howell, Utah, founded about 1910 on land owned by one of his business interests in Box Elder County, was named for him.
He died in Logan, Utah, July 18, 1918, and was interred in the Logan City Cemetery.
See also
Parley Parker Christensen, Utah and California politician, opposed Howell.
Sources
External links
1857 births
1918 deaths
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Members of the Utah Territorial Legislature
People from Logan, Utah
People from Brigham City, Utah
People from Cache County, Utah
University of Utah alumni
Mayors of places in Utah
Utah state senators
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
19th-century American politicians
