John Moray Stuart-Young (1881–1939) was an English Uranian poet, memoirist, novelist and merchant trader. Stuart-Young published numerous works, including books of poetry, novels, descriptions of African life and autobiographical works. His poems are closely linked to fin-de-siècle and Uranian themes, being informed by decadence, colonialism and pederasty.
Life and career
Born John James Young in the slums of Manchester, Stuart-Young was poorly educated and treated badly by those around him. Beaten by his labourer father, his mother was forced to take in washing. All of his siblings died young of tuberculosis. He left school at 13, working for little reward as an office boy and clerk. After having been caught stealing money from a gas-mantle works, apparently to help establish himself as something of a literary gentleman, Stuart-Young was arrested and spent six months in prison. He was only 18.
He later spent many years in Africa, in such diverse places as Sierra Leone, Grand Bassa in Liberia, Conakry in French Guinea and later, Onitsha on the Niger River. In Onitsha, he worked as a trader to some measure of success. He would exchange European goods for African materials such as palm-oil, ivory and rubber. Stuart-Young was a strong critic of the work of missionaries. According to Stuart-Young, it was a photograph by Frederick Rolfe of a nude Egyptian boy that awoke in him, a schoolboy of fourteen, a fascination for Africa.
He once alleged to have had a relationship, with romantic overtones, with Oscar Wilde. Stuart-Young claimed to have first met Wilde in June 1894 as a teen, while dining at the Savoy. The two visited the Haymarket, he said, to see Wilde's Lady Windermere's Fan. Stuart-Young even forged letters allegedly by Wilde to substantiate this. Stuart-Young's memoirs of Wilde and the supposed letters were published in his 1905 volume, Osrac, the Self-Sufficient. According to Timothy D'Arch Smith, it is unlikely Stuart-Young had ever met Wilde. D'Arch Smith further states that the love of Stuart-Young's life was an Englishman named Tommy Todd. Stuart-Young developed close relationships with several young African houseboys, including a mix-raced, 14-year-old boy named Ibrahim, referred to by Stuart-Young as 'the Unkissed', and an 11-year-old named Bosa, who he later took with him to England.
Stuart-Young married twice, both times to English women: Annie Knight in 1908 and Nellie Gibson Etheridge Young in 1919. There is no evidence of a marriage to an African woman, in spite of his 1904 novel about such a union, Merely a Negress: a West African Story.
He was given the honorary name of Odeziaku by the Igbo people, which means "keeper, caretaker, manager, or arranger of wealth". In 1939, Stuart-Young died in Port Harcourt, Nigeria. He was given a lavish funeral by his friends and employees in Africa, where 10,000 Igbo mourners lined the streets for ceremonies which extended over four days.
Writings
Stuart-Young published dozens of works, including books of poetry, novels, descriptions of African life and autobiographical works. His poems are closely linked to fin-de-siècle and Uranian themes, being informed by decadence, colonialism and pederasty.
Legacy
A book-length study of Stuart-Young, entitled the Forger's Tale: the Search for Odeziaku, was published by Stephanie Newell in 2006.
Bibliography
Faery Gold, a Poem, and Prose Allegories (1904)
Minor Melodies (1904)
Merely a Negress (1904)
Osrac, the Self-Sufficient (1905)
The After-Life (1905)
An Urning's Love (Being a Study of Poetic Morbidity) (1905)
Passion's Peril (1906)
Through Veiled Eyes (1908)
The Antinomian (1909)
A Cupful of Kernels (1909)
Out of Hours (1909)
The Coaster at Home (1916)
Candles in Sunshine (1919)
The Soul Slayer (1920)
Minor Melodies (1921)
Chits from West Africa (1923)
Who Buys My Dreams? (1923)
Johnny Jones, Guttersnipe (1926)
What Does It Matter? (1927)
The Immortal Nine: an Introduction to the Poetry of the Last Century (1928)
The Fallen Angel! (1932)
Dreaming True (1934)
Notes
External links
Poet, Pederast and Palm-oil Merchant, by Peter Parker of the Daily Telegraph
The Forger's Tale at the Ohio University Press
20th-century English male writers
20th-century English novelists
1881 births
1939 deaths
British expatriates in Sierra Leone
British expatriates in Liberia
British expatriates in Nigeria
Burials in Rivers State
English LGBT novelists
English LGBT poets
English male novelists
English male poets
English memoirists
LGBT memoirists
Writers from Manchester
Bob Lynn (February 23, 1933 – May 25, 2020) was an American politician who served as a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 31st district from 2003 to 2013 and the 26th district from 2013 to 2017. He served as Chair of the State Affairs Committee, was Vice-Chair of the Judiciary Committee, and was a member of the Transportation Committee and Joint Armed Forces Committees. He also served on the Labor & Workforce Development, Military & Veterans' Affairs, and Public Safety Finance Subcommittees, for the 28th Legislature. Bob Lynn is a retired fighter pilot with the United States Air Force and a Vietnam Veteran.
Alaska Legislature
During the 2011-2012 legislative session, Lynn chaired the State Affairs Committee in the Alaska House.
Elections
2012 Lynn won the November 6, 2012 General election with 63% of the vote against Democratic nominee Lupe Marroquin.
2014 Lynn won the November 4, 2014 General election with 67% of the vote against Democratic nominee Bill Goodell.
2016 In the August 15th Republican primary, Lynn was defeated 59-31% by Chris Birch, who went on to win the election.
Personal life
Lynn and his wife Marlene (née Wagner) have six children, and twenty-one grandchildren. Lynn was born in East Los Angeles, California, where he graduated from the Garfield High School. He received a Bachelor of Arts from University of Arizona, and received a Master of Arts from California State University, Long Beach. He was also a graduate of the "Education with Industry" program of the Air University. He served as mayor pro-tem and city councilman of the City of Moreno Valley, Riverside County, California, and was instrumental in the founding of that city in 1984.
He died on May 25, 2020, at age 87. On May 26, 2020 Alaska Governor Mike Dunleavy ordered flags to be flown at half staff on May 27 and May 28 in Lynn's honor.
References
External links
Bob Lynn at 100 Years of Alaska's Legislature
1933 births
2020 deaths
21st-century American politicians
Alaska Republicans
American city founders
California city council members
California State University, Long Beach alumni
Members of the Alaska House of Representatives
Military personnel from California
Politicians from Anchorage, Alaska
People from East Los Angeles, California
People from Moreno Valley, California
University of Arizona alumni
Aitor Rodríguez Fernández is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1984 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
The 1984 Tbilisi gas explosion was a gas explosion in a nine-storey apartment block in Tbilisi, Georgia on 2 December 1984 that killed at least 100 people.
References
Tbilisi Gas Explosion, 1984
Tbilisi gas explosion
Explosions in 1984
Gas explosions
1980s in Tbilisi
Disasters in the Soviet Union
Explosions in Georgia (country)
December 1984 events in Asia
Mark D. Ross (born April 4, 1966), better known by his stage name Brother Marquis, is an American rapper and member of 2 Live Crew. He appears on all of 2 Live Crew's albums, except Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4 (1994). Ross was the last member to join the most well known line up of the group.
Early life
Ross was born in Rochester, New York on April 4, 1966. He and his mother moved from New York to Los Angeles, California when Ross was 14 years old.
Career
1983–1986 Early career, joining 2 Live Crew and the group's breakthrough
Ross released two twelve-inch singles, "Westside Storie" and "Rhythm Rock", during his high school years, as a member of the rap group, the Caution Crew, which also included the rappers Rodney-O and C Funk. These two singles were among the first 12-inch hip hop records from the West Coast.
While still residing in Southern California, Ross performed small shows with 2 Live Crew, which, at that time, consisted of rappers Fresh Kid Ice (Christopher Wong Won), Amazing Vee (Yuri Vielot), and their DJ Mr. Mixx (David Hobbs). Hobbs noticed Ross' battle rap skills, and told Ross that if 2 Live Crew ever achieved success in the music business, Hobbs would call Ross to be a part of the group. In 1985, after finding underground success in Miami, 2 Live Crew relocated to the city at the behest of local concert promoter Luther Campbell, who would later join the group as producer, recording artist, and hype man.
Shortly after the move to Miami, the artistic direction of 2 Live Crew changed from West Coast hip hop style rap to comical, sexually explicit lyrics, and rapper Vielot left the group. In April, 1985, Hobbs made good on his previous promise to a then 19-year old Ross, and invited Ross to join 2 Live Crew with Wong Won, Hobbs and Campbell. The first 2 Live Crew single released with Ross was "Word".
The 2 Live Crew's Gold-certified debut album, The 2 Live Crew Is What We Are (1986), exploded on the local scene. The expanding national popularity of The 2 Live Crew Is What We Are made Ross and his band mates rap superstars.
1988–1991: Best selling 2 Live Crew albums and attendant controversy
In 1988, 2 Live Crew released their second studio album, Move Somethin'. The album was also certified Gold and featured the singles "Move Somethin'" and "Do Wah Diddy Diddy". Move Somethin''' improved on the charts from the previous album, making into #68 on the Billboard 200 and #20 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.
2 Live Crew's third studio album As Nasty As They Wanna Be (1989), became the group's biggest seller, certified as Double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. In 1990, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida ruled that the album was legally obscene; but this ruling was later overturned by the Eleventh Circuit. As Nasty As They Wanna Be is the first album in history to be deemed legally obscene.
In 1990, Ross and the 2 Live Crew released their fourth album Banned in the U.S.A., which was originally credited as Campbell's solo album featuring 2 Live Crew and in later editions credited as a 2 Live Crew album. The album included the hits "Do the Bart" and the title track. It was also the very first release to bear the RIAA-standard Parental Advisory warning sticker. The eponymous title single was a reference to the obscenity decision from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Bruce Springsteen granted the group permission to interpolate his song "Born in the U.S.A." for the single.
Also in 1990, 2 Live Crew released Live in Concert, the group's only live album, and their fifth album overall. The album was released under the Effect label, a subsidiary label of Luke Records. The album peaked at #46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.Sports Weekend: As Nasty as They Wanna Be, Pt. 2, the fifth studio album and sixth album overall by the 2 Live Crew was released in 1991 as a sequel of As Nasty As They Wanna Be. A clean version was also released entitled Sports Weekend: As Clean As They Wanna Be Part II and was the sequel of As Clean As They Wanna Be. Sports Weekend: As Nasty as They Wanna Be, Pt. 2 would be the final album released by the most well known line up 2 Live Crew members (Ross, Wong Won, Campbell and Hobbs).
1992–2003: Subsequent 2 Live Crew success, featured rapper and solo project
In 1993, Ross and DJ Toomp formed a duo group named 2 Nazty and released one studio album, Indecent Exposure. That same year, Ross appeared as a featured rapper on Ice-T's album Home Invasion by Ice-T on the original version of "99 Problems", which was later remade into a major hit by Jay-Z. Ross filed a lawsuit against Jay-Z and Ice-T over the "99 Problems" remake. Ross claimed that he was paid just $10,000 in royalties, despite being prominently featured on the original version.
In 1994, Campbell, Wong Won, and a local Miami rapper named Verb made an album called Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4, as The New 2 Live Crew, without the involvement of Ross or Hobbs. Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4 is the last 2 Live Crew-related project to feature Campbell, and the only album released without Ross.
Ross, Wong Won and Hobbs would reunite to release the single "Hoochie Mama" for the soundtrack to the 1995 movie Friday. The soundtrack reached #1 on the Billboard 200 chart, where it held its position for two weeks, and on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for six weeks.
In 1996, Ross reunited with Wong Won and Hobbs under the 2 Live Crew banner to release the group's seventh studio album Shake a Lil' Somethin', whose eponymous single peaked at #11 on the Hot Rap Singles chart, The single "Do the Damn Thing" made it to #24 on the same chart, and "Be My Private Dancer" peaked at #34. It would be the last 2 Live Crew album to feature Hobbs.
In 1998, Ross, along with Wong Won, released The Real One the final 2 Live Crew album to date. The album's single "2 Live Party" featuring KC of KC and the Sunshine Band and "Freak Nasty" peaked at #52 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and #9 on the Hot Rap Songs chart. The title single "The Real One", featuring Ice-T, peaked at #60 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #9 on the Hot Rap Songs charts.
In 2003, Ross released Bottom Boi Style on the Playalistic Entertainment label, his first and only solo album to date.
2006–2010: Reforming and reuniting with 2 Live Crew
During 2006–07 Ross and Wong Won met, discussed their differences, and ultimately decided to relaunch 2 Live Crew. The duo made offers to past members (notably, Hobbs and Campbell) to re-join the group, but the offers were declined. Prior to Wong Won's death in 2017, the duo toured and released singles.
In 2010, Ross and Wong Won briefly reunited with former band mates Campbell and Hobbs as 2 Live Crew, and were honored at the 2010 VH1 Hip-Hop Honors: The Dirty South Edition awards show.
In late 2010, Ross and Wong Won released 2 Live Crew singles "I'm 2 Live" featuring rapper Mannie Fresh, "Cougar," and "Boom" featuring rapper E-40. The duo announced the pending release of an album, Just Wanna be Heard, that remains unreleased to this day.
2011–present: Current projects
In 2011, Ross was a featured guest on the single "Steak & Mash Potatoes" by Chain Swangaz. A music video of the single featured Ross and Chain Swangaz as fast food employee who create havoc while their boss, played by Charlie Sheen, is gone.
In 2014, Ross and Wong Won released the single "Take It Off," of which a music video was made with cameos by rappers Flo Rida, Trick Daddy, Trina, Mannie Fresh, and Flavor Flav. Later that year, Wong Won and Ross made cameo appearances in the Flo Rida music video "G.D.F.R." That same year, the duo also announced the pending release of a new 2 Live Crew studio album Turn Me On, which remains unreleased.
In late 2014, Ross and Wong Won reunited with Campbell as the 2 Live Crew for a series of shows through the following year, 2015.
In 2016, shortly after Wong Won left 2 Live Crew for the final time, Ross reunited with Hobbs to reform the group. The duo released two singles How Bout Dem Cowboys and One Horse Sleigh in 2016 and continue to tour nationally as 2 Live Crew.
Personal
Ross is an avowed born again Christian, but feels no moral restrictions performing sexually explicit lyrics in 2 Live Crew hits on tour or on recordings.
In 2012, Ross uploaded two videos to his YouTube channel of him performing stand up comedy. In a 2015 YouTube'' interview, Ross stated that he was pursuing the goal of being a comic and that he has a daughter.
References
1966 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Living people
American male rappers
African-American male rappers
Rappers from Los Angeles
Rappers from Miami
Rappers from New York (state)
East Coast hip hop musicians
Southern hip hop musicians
West Coast hip hop musicians
People from Rochester, New York
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Culham Manor is a historic manor house in Culham, near Abingdon in southern Oxfordshire, England.
In 2003, the house, set in of grounds, was for sale for GBP 2.5 million.
History
Circa 1420 a religious guild financed the building of Abingdon Bridge, and the 'old' bridge at Culham. The Manor House, originally a medieval barn held of the Abbots of Abingdon was also built or rebuilt around this period. It was used as a rest house until the Dissolution of the Monasteries, in 1538
In 1468, a member of the Culham-based family of Marshall was a suspect in a Lancastrian plot. Robin Marshall, "late of Culham", was one of 15 suspects pardoned in July 1468 after dubious revelations by the spy John Cornelius, servant of Sir Robert Whittingham. He was probably the son of “Robert Marchal of Culneham” listed as being from Fetherstonehaugh (Fetherstanhalg) in Northumberland in 1431. After a subsequent trial, John de Vere, 12th Earl of Oxford, was executed.
Leland reported on a visit to Culham that there was previously a 'fortres or pile, lyke a castle in Andersey'.
During the dissolution of Abingdon Abbey in 1545, Culham manor house was seized by Henry VIII and sold to a William Bury, a London wool trader and whose family had been Merchants of the Staple at Calais, in exchange for land in the Isle of Sheppey. Bury's descendants were buried at Culham Church. His male line ended with George Bury in 1662 whose daughter Sarah (1650–80) married Sir Cecil Bishopp, 4th Baronet, of Parham Park, Sussex in 1666.
The Manor House was restored by Sir Esmond Ovey between 1933 and 1948.
References
Country houses in Oxfordshire
Grade II* listed houses
Grade II* listed buildings in Oxfordshire
The Frigate 36 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by C&C Design and first built in 1968. It is named in honour of the Frigate warship class.
The Frigate 36 is a development of the 1966 C&C-designed Invader 36, with a stub long keel and centerboard in place of the fixed long keel and with more sail area.
Production
The design was built by Belleville Marine Yard and also by Hinterhoeller Yachts, both part of C&C Yachts, in Canada. They completed 36 examples of the design starting in 1968, but the design is now out of production.
Design
The Frigate 36 is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a raised reverse transom, a keel-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel tiller and a fixed stub long keel, with a centreboard. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the centreboard extended and with it retracted.
The boat was factory-fitted with a Universal Atomic 4 gasoline engine. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Corvette 31
Invader 36
Similar sailboats
Bayfield 36
Beneteau 361
C&C 36-1
C&C 36R
C&C 110
Catalina 36
Columbia 36
Coronado 35
CS 36
Ericson 36
Hinterhoeller F3
Hunter 36
Hunter 36-2
Hunter 36 Legend
Hunter 36 Vision
Islander 36
Nonsuch 36
Portman 36
S2 11.0
Seidelmann 37
Vancouver 36 (Harris)
Watkins 36
Watkins 36C
References
External links
Original Factory Brochure - Frigate, 5-page B&W
Keelboats
1960s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by C&C Design
Sailboat types built by Hinterhoeller Yachts
Sailboat types built by C&C Yachts
The DRDO Anti-Tank Missile is a first generation wire-guided anti-tank guided missile (ATGM) developed in India by Defence Research and Development Laboratory (DRDL), a part of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO). It has a subsonic speed up to with a range of and carries a 106 mm high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warhead.
Introduction
In 1959, India began a feasibility study on a first generation ATGM. New General Staff Qualitative Requirements (GSQR) were issued and the task of preliminary study and wind testing was assigned to Department of Aeronautics and Institute of Science, Bangalore.
Development
In 1962, DRDO was granted to begin work on developing an anti-tank missile due to a conflict with China in Ladakh. It has a range of 500 meters to about 2 km.
After the first aerodynamic design was completed, a full-scale model of the complete configuration was tested in a wind tunnel at Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore. There, the model was given force and momentum tests which were completed in 1961. Vibrating spoilers were used during these tests to determine control effectiveness. The ATM was designed to have a subsonic flight speed of about . In 1963, the entire design was reworked to hold a 106 mm HEAT warhead in the nose.
Propulsion
DRDL determined the propulsion motor requirement and designed the propulsion system. The motor was made of aluminium alloy. It had two compartments, one for the sustainer and one for the booster.
Another part of DRDO, the Explosives Research & Development Laboratory (ERDL), made the propellant compositions and also developed the SUK black propulsion grains. Molybdenum inserts were used as sustainer. The booster grain had star type hole for very fast burn and the sustainer was cigarette burning type for constant thrust.
Control and guidance
The actuator and gyroscope were the main components of the control and guidance system of the missle. The Actuators were spoiler type, (similar to Mosquito (missile)), which gave a response time of 10 milliseconds with a stay time varying from 80–20 and 20–80 milliseconds. The gyroscope developed for the missle had three degrees freedom.
Testing
The missile was test-fired near Imarat, a village on the outskirts of Hyderabad, India, which held the reliability order of 65%. The test trials were attended by Gen Bewoor, then Deputy Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army. The missile was tested 16 times and hit its target 14 times. Two Indian army teams which were trained on European ATMs, Cobra and ENTAC, carried out the tests. These test revealed no significant difference between firing the European and indigenous ATMs. Work was still to be done on inhibition of the sustainer motor.
Termination
After waiting for more than 10 years with no results, in 1969 ATM project was terminated as the Indian Army revised its General Staff Qualitative Requirements (GSQR). The new GSQR extended the range of the missile from 1.6 km to 3 km. They also required the formerly man-portable missile to be able to mount and fire from a mobile launcher. This led to production of Nord SS.11B1 at Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), Hyderabad under license from France.
Future development
Nag (missile)
SAMHO
MPATGM
References
Guided missiles of India
Anti-tank guided missiles
Imma hemixanthella is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by William Jacob Holland in 1900. It is found on Buru in Indonesia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are broadly pale yellow from the base to beyond the middle, they are then broadly purplish brown. The line of demarcation between the yellow and the brown is sharply defined by a straight line running from the costa to the inner margin a little before the inner angle. The costa near the apex is marked by yellow of the same shade as the basal half of the wing, the yellow widening toward the outer margin and covering the entire apex. The fringes are dark brown, their origin being accentuated by a series of minute yellow dots. The hindwings are uniformly dark brown. On the underside, both wings are pale brown, slightly lighter on the inner margin, with traces of an obscure whitish median transverse band on the forewings.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Ngā Mānawa, in a tradition of the Ngāti Awa, a Māori tribe of the eastern Bay of Plenty in New Zealand's North Island, was the collective name for the Fire Children, the five sons of Mahuika and Auahitūroa. The names of the Fire Children are the names of the five fingers of the human hand:
Takonui (thumb)
Takoroa (forefinger)
Māpere (middle finger)
Mānawa (ring finger)
Tōiti (little finger)
The names of the fire children differ in the various regions of New Zealand, simply because the name of the fingers differ. For example, to the Ngāti Kahungunu people of the East Coast of the North Island, they are:
Konui (thumb)
Koroa (forefinger)
Māpere (middle finger)
Mānawa (ring finger)
Kōiti (little finger)
References
E. Best, Māori Religion and Mythology, Part 2 (Dominion Museum Bulletin No.11. Museum of New Zealand: Wellington, 1982), 244–245.
Māori mythology
Sao Nang Sukantha of Kengtung, later known as Sukantha na Chiengmai (; ; 1912 – 15 January 2003), was the wife of Inthanon na Chiengmai. She was the daughter of Kawng Kiao Intaleng of Kengtung State in what is today Myanmar.
Biography
Sukantha was born at Kengtung Palace, She was the daughter of Sao Kawng Kiao Intaleng and Sao Nang Bodiphlong, his concubine. She has two full siblings, Sao Nang Vaenkiao, Sao Nang Vaendip, Sao Singzai and Sao Kiaomong. Sukantha, a six year old girl, learned to speak Tai Khun and Thai language, Three year laters, She learned to speak Burmese and English. When she finished school she served as a secretary of her father with Sao Nang Bosawan and Sao Nang Debbakaison, her half-sisters.
She married Inthanon na Chiengmai, the son of Kaeo Nawarat, the ninth monarch of Chiang Mai on 13 February 1932 in the Kengtung Palace. Soon after the wedding she went to live with Inthanon at Chiang Mai. They had five children.
Sukantha died on 15 January 2003 at the age of 90. The royal funeral rite took place at Chedi Luang Temple, Chiang Mai. King Bhumibol Adulyadej, Queen Sirikit, Princess Sirindhorn and Princess Chulabhorn sent flower wreaths. The royal cremation was held at San Ku Lek crematorium on 19 January 2003.
References
1912 births
2003 deaths
Chet Ton Dynasty
People from Kengtung
People from Chiang Mai province
William Wailes (1808–1881) was the proprietor of one of England's largest and most prolific stained glass workshops.
Life and career
Wailes was born and grew up in Newcastle on Tyne, England's centre of domestic glass and bottle manufacturing. His first business was as a grocer and tea merchant. However, his artistic talent and practical skills led him to set up a small kiln in the backyard of his premises. He made and fired small decorative enamels which were sold in his shop.
In 1830 he went to Germany to study stained glass design and production under Mayer of Munich. In 1838 he set up his own stained glass studio to design and manufacture windows and in 1841 the business began producing its own glass.
In 1842 the architect Augustus Pugin approached Wailes about producing windows for him. Working with Pugin was a thankless task, as Pugin went from one workshop to another in an attempt to get his designs realised at the lowest possible cost. The working relationship lasted for only three years.
Regardless of this, Wailes made a name for himself through the provision of windows for local churches. As his enterprise prospered, he employed more men until there were 76 employees, who included in their number several designers who were to go on to establish their own factories. These included Francis Wilson Oliphant R.A. (1818–1859) and George Joseph Baguley (1834–1915). William Wailes was one of the twenty-five stained glass manufacturers that exhibited in the Crystal Palace Exhibition in 1851.
Wailes married (Elizabeth) and they had several children, including a son, William Thomas Wailes, who was to join his father in the business, as did his son-in-law, Thomas Rankine Strang, in 1861, when the firm became known as Wailes and Strang.
In 1860 Wailes bought the Saltwell Estate at Gateshead and set about improving it, building himself a decorative mansion and landscaping the grounds. Unfortunately, he ran into debt and 16 years later sold the property to the Gateshead Corporation. The estate became a public park known as Saltwell Park which includes the house, Saltwell Towers. However Wailes continued to reside in his home until his death in 1881. William Thomas Wailes continued to manufacture stained glass until 1910.
Artistic recognition
Wailes was painted, next to a window exemplifying his work, by John Oliphant. The painting hangs in the Shipley Art Gallery in Gateshead.
Stained glass
Style
Although William Wailes employed a number of designers, the products of his workshop are often identifiable by type of glass and the particular colour combinations that prevailed. Wailes' glass is often a little paler and more brightly coloured than many English workshops of the same date, being rather more like glass from Germany or Limoges. There are certain distinctive colour combinations that occur repeatedly in the clothing of figures in Wailes' windows- mauve lined with bright red, yellow lined with bright blue, red lined with acid green. Many of Wailes window contain a great deal of pink glass.
Although Wailes was seen as a Gothic Revival artist, and was able to fill windows with ornate foliate patterns that have the quality of brightly painted manuscripts rather than ancient glass, his figures were elegantly classicising and decidedly staid of demeanour. Figures in Wailes' windows communicate in a series of stereotypical hand gestures. Moreover, the details of faces are applied in a painterly manner, as against the almost calligraphic manner with which some of the 19th-century artists such as John Hardman imitated ancient windows. The painterly manner is typical of that employed by Mayer of Munich, with whom Wailes trained.
Gloucester Cathedral
While most of the work of Wailes' workshop is to be found in the North of England, other commissions came from further afield. The most significant window glazed by the firm, and one of the prize commissions of the industry, was the glazing of the west window of Gloucester Cathedral, an enormous window of c.1430 in the Perpendicular Gothic style, of nine lights and four tiers. This window complemented, at the other end of the building, one of the largest ancient windows in the world; the east window (which is as big as a tennis court) fortunately had retained much of its 14th century glass, comprising many tiers of figures.
Wailes' west window at Gloucester is a stupendous achievement, and not just because of the technicalities involved in glazing such a vast area. It makes no attempt to imitate the style or content of the east window. The content of the west window, like that of so many other commissions, was probably stipulated by a committee. Because the window was so large there was room for a large number of narratives and many figures.
The window comprises nine vertical sections called lights which are divided by mullions into three lots of three. The window rises in three stages, the first and the third being approximately half as tall as the middle one, the whole being surmounted by many smaller vertical tracery lights, which Wailes predictably filled with singing angels neatly arranged in robes of violet, bright red and arsenic green.
Wailes' design divides the window's main part into four rather than three stages, each containing three complex narrative scenes which are made successfully to span three lights. The central section which shows the Nativity of Christ with the Baptism of Christ in the Jordan by John the Baptist (one below the other) is a particularly successful composition, considering that it contains two significant narrative incidents which visually harmonise, yet remain discrete scenes. While each of the twelve individual pictures works as a unit, the visual composition of the whole window is skilfully arranged so as to present as an integrated work of art. This has been achieved by the skilled placement of the 116 figures and the equally skilful disposition of colour.
Churches containing stained glass by William Wailes
St Lawrence, Waltham, Kent – East window, Crucifixion, Resurrection and Ascension, 1847
St Andrew's, Bradfield – 12 windows with stories from the Gospels, 1848
Chichester Cathedral – 5-light window of Christ and the four Gospel writers, 1849
St James', Devizes – East window, 1849
Bridlington Priory – East and west windows, 1849 Also S aisle W window 1854
All Saints Church, Huntsham, Devon, 1856
St Botolph, Farnborough – East window, 1856
St Mary's, Thatcham – East window, Feeding of the Five Thousand, 1858
All Saints', Hursley – An important commission of a complete cycle of 21 windows, showing The Crucifixion at the east end, with the Resurrection and Presentation in the Temple. At the west is Christ in Judgement. Along the south side are Apostles and Doctors of the Church, on the north are Prophets and Ancestors of Christ, 1858
Church of St John the Evangelist, better known as the Afghan Church, Mumbai – East and West windows, 1858
Gloucester Cathedral – West window: the life of Christ with stories from the Old Testament and New Testaments, 9 lights, 1859
St George, Benenden – East window of 5 lights, Crucifixion and Passion, 1861
St Martin's, Dorking – Chancel windows, 1867
St Mary's, Chilham – East window of 5 lights, Crucifixion and Resurrection with other scenes, 1864. For full description see Poor Man's Bible.
St Mary's, Clipsham, Rutland – East and west windows
St Mary's, Kingsclere, Hampshire. Transfiguration for Dr Thompson of Swan Street in the Sanctuary, aka Chancel aisle, now Kingsmill Room.
Ss Peter and Paul, Great Missenden – East window, with angels and banners, 1850; chancel window, 1865
Church of St Thomas, Thurstonland – East window, Good Samaritan, 1870
The First Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia houses five large windows highlighting the apse and depicting important events in the life of Jesus. The windows were imported and installed in 1872.
St Helen's, Low Fell, Gateshead – 5 lancet windows in the apse depicting the Miracle of the Loaves and Fishes, the Healing of the Paralytic, the Ascension, Christ Blessing Little Children, the Sermon on the Mount, 1876
St John's, Piddinghoe – 11 windows by Wailes and Strang, Gospel stories and Saints, 1882
St Matthias, Richmond, London – Wheel window of 12 Apostles, 1862, and 7 small narrative windows
St John the Evangelist, Birtley, Co Durham – 2 windows in south nave: Nativity – 2 scenes: Annunciation & Visit of Shepherds, Resurrection – 2 scenes: Raising of Lazarus and Empty tomb
Church of St Editha, Tamworth – East window
St Helen Witton Church, Northwich – East window
The Cathedral of The Isles, Millport, Cumbrae – West window
St James the Less, Fradswell, Staffordshire
St Edward's Church, Stow on the Wold, Gloucestershire
St Boniface Parish Church, Bonchurch, Isle of Wight – East window, scenes from the life of Christ
St Mark's Hamilton Terrace, London NW8, large four-light window in the South Transept, 1850 (thought to have been exhibited at the Great Exhibition)
Church of St Mary the Virgin, Ambleside – Hannah, Samuel and Eli
Holy Trinity, Sunderland (former Parish Church) – East window
Church of St Anne, Catterick, North Yorkshire
Hexham Abbey, Northumberland – five windows including the great North Transept window showing the twelve apostles and New Testament scenes
St George's Cathedral, Southwark – most destroyed by bombing during WWII
Christ Church St Laurence, Sydney, Australia – east window, 1863–1905, parts subsequently preserved in west wall
See also
Other early 19th century firms
Thomas Willement
William Warrington
Charles Edmund Clutterbuck
Hardman & Co.
Augustus Welby Pugin
Context
Stained glass
Stained glass - British glass, 1811-1918
Victorian Era
Gothic Revival
Poor Man's Bible
References
Painton Cowen, A Guide to Stained Glass in Britain, 1985, Michael Joseph,
Elizabeth Morris, Stained and Decorative Glass, Doubleday,
Sarah Brown, Stained Glass- an Illustrated History, Bracken Books,
Simon Jenkins, England's Thousand Best Churches, Allen Lane, the Penguin Press,
John Harvey, English Cathedrals, Batsford, 1961, ISBN unknown
Robert Eberhard, Church Stained Glass Windows,
Cliff and Monica Robinson, Buckinghamshire Stained Glass,
Victorian Wolverhampton, a town through its buildings,
English stained glass artists and manufacturers
1808 births
1881 deaths
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
The 1987–88 Courage Area League South was the first full season of rugby union within the fourth tier of the English league system, currently known as the National League 2 South, and was the counterpart to Courage Area League South (now National League 2 North). Each team played one match against the other teams, playing a total of ten matches each. There was no set date for matches, clubs having to arrange the fixtures amongst themselves. Askeans were the first ever champions, gaining promotion to the 1988–89 National Division Three while Streatham-Croydon were the only relegated side, dropping to London 1.
Structure
Each team played one match against each of the other teams, playing a total of ten matches each. The champions are promoted to National Division 3 and the bottom team was relegated to either London 1 or South West 1 depending on their locality.
Participating teams and locations
League table
Sponsorship
Area League South is part of the Courage Clubs Championship and was sponsored by Courage Brewery.
See also
National League 2 North
References
N4
National League 2 South
Rick Fagel (born November 29, 1953) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Career
Fagel played collegiate tennis at Columbia University and won the Ivy League Championship in 1972, beating Vitas Gerulaitis in the final.
He appeared in 14 Grand Slam during his career. His best performance came at the 1977 US Open, where he reached the third round, with wins over Russell Simpson and Antonio Munoz. He was a mixed doubles quarter-finalist at the 1981 French Open, with German Eva Pfaff as his partner. En route they're defeating a pairing consisting of Billie Jean King and Ilie Năstase.
Fagel defeated John McEnroe at the Cincinnati Grand Prix tournament in 1977. He was eliminated at the semi-final stage, by Mark Cox. The following year he made the quarter-finals of the Florence Open. In 1980 he and partner David Carter were doubles runners-up at the Sarasota Grand Prix.
Grand Prix career finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
Challenger titles
Singles: (1)
References
1953 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Columbia Lions men's tennis players
Tennis people from Florida
The Flanders Heritage Agency () is a cultural heritage agency sponsored by the Flemish Government. The organisation is split into four subdivisions; the former VIOE, which inventories Beschermd erfgoed in the Flemish Region; the agency "Ruimte en Erfgoed" which executes policy on heritage management and protection; the Ministry department of Town and County Planning, Housing Policy and Immovable Heritage, or Ruimtelijke Ordening, Woonbeleid en Onroerend Erfgoed (RWO), which supports the Minister of Culture on policy decisions; and Inspectie RWO, which is the inspection arm of the RWO.
History
The most tangible product that the agency creates are its inventories in three domains; archeological sites, landscapes, and historical building structures. In 1965 Belgium's inventory of the country's heritage was compared to that of other European countries and was found to be lagging far behind. The then Ministry of Education and Culture decided to address the problem by taking a modern inventory of the architectural heritage and Minister of Culture Renaat Van Elslande took the initiative by selecting a pilot project in the district of Leuven (now in Flemish Brabant). In 1967, the survey was completed and under the new Minister of Culture , this inventory was published in Dutch and French in 1971. All inventoried heritage was described with text and wherever possible it was illustrated with photographs. The last bilingual publication of the project appeared in 1973 with the district of Nivelles (now in Walloon Brabant). Flanders and Wallonia then went their separate ways.
In Flanders, the ongoing inventory was published as a series by location and was printed as Bouwen door de Eeuwen Heen in Vlaanderen, or "Building through the Ages in Flanders". The printed series ran until 2001, and after that the local inventories for each municipality were published as electronic PDF-files.
VIOE
The Vlaams Instituut voor het Onroerend Erfgoed (VIOE) was founded in 2004 and was tasked with finishing the inventory. From 2005 onwards, the inventories were kept in a database called "Inventaris van het Bouwkundig Erfgoed" (IBE), or "Inventory of Architectural Heritage". On 1 juli 2011 the VIOE merged with the Agentschap Onroerend Erfgoed to form a new agency for Immovable Heritage called Onroerend Erfgoed.
Research
The main task of the heritage agency is to conduct the necessary research to fulfill its goals, while making this information sustainably available to all interested parties, including the general public. The domains of interest are Architectural engineering, archeology, landscape architecture, and .
In practise, the VIOE conducts architectural heritage research on specific buildings and landscapes, archaeological sites, and ship wrecks.
Finished inventory
In 2009, after more than 40 years of continuous work, the inventory of architectural heritage was published on 25 September in the Belgian Official Journal. The heritage mentioned in this list enjoys some form of sustainability for the future because a number of special measures are in force to actively protect these buildings. This inventory is of course never really "finished", and is in fact reestablished each year in the month of September with updates to existing or new heritage decrees. In addition to the entire buildings that usually fall under architectural heritage, the agency now provides even smaller items in the inventory, such as specific towers, organ s, gates, and walls, but also less obvious objects such as guard stones, gardens, parks (including old trees) and industrial heritage items such as mine elevators, drawbridge machines, and other equipment.
Other heritage organizations in Flanders
For setting protection of movable and immovable heritage, the government agency of Culture, Youth, Sport en Media "Kunsten en Erfgoed" (Arts and Heritage) is the policy executor of the Flemish Government. Inspections at the local level are conducted by the "".
References
External links
Erfgoedhuis Den Wolsack on website "Monumentenwacht" in Antwerp
Belgium profile on the Heritage Portal
Heritage registers in Belgium
Cultural history of Belgium
Protected heritage sites in Belgium
Flemish government departments and agencies
Heritage organizations in Belgium
Agrapha gammaloba is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Plusiinae
Moths described in 1910
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Africa
FPCT could mean:
familial porphyria cutanea tarda, a medical term for an enzyme disorder
Fells Point Corner Theatre, a community theatre in Baltimore, Maryland
Fielding percentage, a baseball term
Flat panel computed tomography, a medical technology term
The 2019–20 SK Rapid Wien season was the 122nd season in club history.
Pre-season and friendlies
Bundesliga
Bundesliga fixtures and results
League table
Regular season
Championship round
Results summary
Austrian Cup
Austrian Cup fixtures and results
Team record
Squad
Squad statistics
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
Transfers
In
Out
References
Rapid Wien
SK Rapid Wien seasons
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura (Lat: Dioecesis Anuradhapurensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Originally erected as the apostolic prefecture of Anuradhapura, the prefecture was created from territory in the Diocese of Jaffna and the Diocese of Trincomalee-Batticaloa.
The prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1982, and is a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Norbert Marshall Andradi, appointed in 2003.
Ordinaries
Henry Swithin Thomas Alexander Wijetunge Goonewardena, O.M.I. † (20 Dec 1975 Appointed - 2 Nov 1995 Resigned)
Oswald Thomas Colman Gomis (2 Nov 1995 Appointed - 6 Jul 2002 Appointed, Archbishop of Colombo)
Norbert Marshall Andradi, O.M.I. (14 Nov 2003 Appointed - )
See also
Catholic Church in Sri Lanka
References
Catholic Hierarchy
GCatholic
Anuradhapura
The 1984 Trans America Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Centenary Park on the campus of Centenary College of Louisiana in Shreveport, Louisiana from May 13 through 15. This was the sixth tournament championship held by the Trans America Athletic Conference, in its sixth year of existence. won their first tournament championship.
Format and seeding
At the end of the conference regular season, the top two finishers in each division advanced to the tournament with each division winner playing the runner-up from the opposite division in the first round of the double-elimination tournament.
Bracket
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team. No MVP was named until 1985.
References
Tournament
ASUN Conference Baseball Tournament
Trans America Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament
Trans America Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament
Kamal el-Mallakh () was a famous Egyptian archaeologist who was among the Egyptian antiquities inspectors who discovered the King Khufu Solar ship in 1954.
Life
El Mallakh was born to a Coptic Christian Orthodox family from Upper Egypt on 26 October 1918 and died on 29 October 1987.
He graduated from the School of Fine Arts in 1943 with a degree in Architecture and then received a master's degree in Egyptology from Cairo University.
In 1954 El Mallakh discovered two pits just south of the Great Pyramids of Giza on Cairo's western outskirts, he found Cheops first boat, the oldest wooden relic of Ancient Egypt Kingdom.
El Mallakh maintained that a nearby pit contained another boat. His theory was that the two boats were to ferry Cheops soul on a perpetual circle through the heavens, one for day time one for night. Other Archeologists denied the pit but it was an American National Geographic society who discovered it which indeed held a boat. Kamal worked in the Giza area for 14 years where he discovered Khufu ship.
In his later life he became one of the founders of the Cairo International Film Festival while working as a journalist for Al-Ahram newspaper.
Books
The Gold of Tutankhamen, Kamal El-Mallakh & Arnold Brackman (1978).
Treasures of the Nile: art of the temples and tombs of Egypt (1980).
Al-Ustadh (1981).
al-Akawan Sayf wa-Adham Wanli (1984).
Gamal Es-Seguini (1985). ASIN B000KW144Y
Cairo: Giza-Sakkarh-Memphis (1987).
See also
List of Copts
Lists of Egyptians
References
External links
Kamal El-Mallakh life by Zahi Hawas
An article about Cairo film festival and Kamal El-Mallakh by Lobna abdel Aziz
1918 births
1987 deaths
Egyptian Egyptologists
Egyptian archaeologists
20th-century Egyptian writers
Coptic Orthodox Christians from Egypt
Egyptian newspaper journalists
20th-century archaeologists
"All the King's Horses" is a song by The Firm from the album Mean Business, released as a single in 1986.
In the United States, the single spent four weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart, reached No. 61 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 67 on the Cash Box Top 100 Singles chart. When it was released on an EP, the other side had the song, "Fortune Hunter". It was released in the US three times, in the UK once, and in Spain once.
References
The Firm - All The King's Horses at Discogs
1986 singles
The Firm (rock band) songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Paul Rodgers
1986 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Knut Guttormsen (1830—1900) was a Norwegian builder and architect. He is most famous for the many churches he built and renovated.
Knut Guttormsen was married to Sara Sofie Andersdtter Haugaskjæret and together they had five children: Sofus Emil Guttormsen, Richard Gotfred Guttormsen, Olav Guttormsen, Karl Guttormsen, and Olaf Marinius Guttormsen.
Knut Guttormsen was born on the homestead Sigurdstøyl in Morgedal in Telemark county. He was confirmed at the Kviteseid Church in 1845. The same year he traveled to Christiania where an older half-brother had settled earlier. He became a stonemason, bricklayer, and builder. He helped build a bridge over Sarpsfossen in Sarpsborg. While in Sarpsborg, he met Sofie Andersdatter Haugaskjæret from Time in Østfold. For a time he also did work on the Gamle Aker Church.
The family moved to Trondheim in the 1860s where he received several large construction assignments. Eventually, Knut Guttormsen was appointed construction manager for the restoration work at Nidaros Cathedral. He also did work on many churches including Åfjord Church, Rissa Church, Melhus Church, and Ytterøy Church.
References
1830 births
1900 deaths
Norwegian architects
Vampire hunter or vampire slayer is an occupation in history and fiction which specializes in finding vampires, and sometimes other supernatural creatures. A vampire hunter is usually described as having extensive knowledge of vampires and other monstrous or undead creatures, including their powers and weaknesses, and uses this knowledge to effectively combat them.
Vampire hunters range in characterization in fiction from sages with more than average knowledge about the occult, to athletes with the skill and ability to confront vampires with traditional or holy weapons often including wooden stakes and holy water, to supernatural beings themselves who fight vampires with mystical powers. Many characterizations draw from the history and folklore of the Balkans.
A well known and influential archetypal vampire hunter is Professor Abraham Van Helsing, a character in Bram Stoker's 1897 horror novel, Dracula, a foundational work in the genre.
In history
Professional or semi-professional vampire hunters played some part in the vampire beliefs of the Balkans (especially in Bulgarian, Serbian, and Romani folk beliefs). In Bulgarian, the terms used to designate them included glog (lit. "hawthorn", the species of wood used for the stake), vampirdzhiya, vampirar, dzhadazhiya, svetocher.
They were usually either born on Saturday (then called Sabbatarians, Bulgarian sâbotnichav, Greek sabbatianoí) or the offspring of a vampire and a woman (typically his widow), called a dhampir in Romani or a vampirović in Serbian. It was also believed that someone born on a Saturday could see a vampire when it was otherwise invisible (and sometimes other supernatural entities as well); similarly for the dhampir. In the case of the Sabbatarians, it was believed in some places that they needed to be fed meat from a sheep killed by a wolf (Bulgarian vâlkoedene); this would enable them not to fear the things that only they were able to see. In Croatian and Slovenian legends, the villages had their own Vampire hunters that were called kresniks, whose spirits were able to turn into animals at night to fight off the vampire or kudlak.
Some carried a kit that used mallet, stake, crucifix. If part of a church it included holy water, holy oil, etc. However the most important things it carried were items such as rope, crowbars, or even pistols.
In fiction
The vampire hunter has found new popularity in modern fiction and popular culture.
The most widely known example of a vampire hunter is Abraham Van Helsing of the novel Dracula and in other works of fiction adapting or modifying that work. Other more recent figures include Buffy "the Vampire Slayer" Summers from the television show and film of the same name. Buffy's spin-off series Angel is also focused on a vampire hunter, the titular star, Angel, a vampire himself cursed with a conscience, is often portrayed battling vampires as well as other demons. Created by Marv Wolfman, Marvel Comics character Blade is a half human/half vampire who uses his super strength and agility to hunt vampires and other monsters. The character spawned a 1998 film adaption which developed into a franchise. Vampire hunters have also appeared in video games, such as Castlevania (the occupation of the famed Belmont lineage), and The Elder Scrolls (with factions such as the Dawnguard).
As well as being knowledgeable about vampire lore, vampire hunters in fiction are often armed with an eclectic mix of items and weapons which are designed to take maximum advantage of the monster's traditional weaknesses. These have included firearms with silver ammunition, appropriate religious symbols, crossbows that fire all wood bolts and even waterguns filled with blessed holy water in the movies The Lost Boys and From Dusk Till Dawn.
The organizational strength of depicted vampire hunters can vary wildly. Most hunter characters are in small groups working alone and in secret. By contrast, the Hellsing Organization in the anime television series, Hellsing is a British government paramilitary strike force with access to troops, heavy combat vehicles and weapons and even allied vampires.
While predominantly depicted as human, examples of other types of vampire hunters also exist. Dhampiric figures, having a mix of human and vampire blood, are a popular form. Alucard from the Castlevania series, and the eponymous hero of the Blade series of comic books, movies, television series, and anime, are both examples of dhampir vampire hunters. Even rarer are vampire hunters that are vampires themselves. Two examples of this type can be found in Morbius from Ultimate Spider-Man, and Zero Kiryuu in the manga and anime series Vampire Knight.
The image of the vampire hunter is often a mysterious and dramatic avenging hero, an eccentric extremist, a mad scientist, or sometimes a mix of these. A hunter may be a heroic figure, a villain (from the perspective of the vampire), a lonesome avenger, or sometimes, although not usually, a bounty-hunter-style character, hunting vampires for profit. Vampire hunters have also popularly been depicted as hunting various creatures such as werewolves, demons, and other forms of undead as well. Others have been depicted as mages and cyborgs. Vampire hunters are often associated with or members of the clergy, holy orders, or other religious organizations which may be dedicated to fighting vampires, other demons, and other supernatural forces. Vampire hunting as a family tradition or birthright is a popular use of the archetype in fiction, such as the Belmont family from the Castlevania series. Some hunters devote their entire lives to the eradication of vampires; for others it is just a strange hobby. They can also sometimes be members of law enforcement or government agencies.
The job comes with the risk of getting bitten and the hunters turned into vampires themselves. More often than not fellow hunters, usually do mercy killing to prevent them from becoming monsters, though in some fiction it may be possible for a hunter to cure themselves (and others) of vampirism, especially if the person in question was recently turned into a vampire. Another common trope is hunters being forced to slay their loved ones or allies who have been turned into vampires. Alternatively, after becoming a vampire, sometimes hunters will continue to fight and hunt vampires using their newly acquired vampire powers and abilities (sometimes being hunted by their former allies and other human vampire hunters). In addition to human hunters, dhampirs, and vampires that hunt other vampires, it is not uncommon for vampire hunters to be other supernatural creatures such as werewolves or witches. Additionally, some human hunters may possess holy powers, superhuman, or other supernatural abilities that they can use both to fight and protect themselves from vampires and other supernatural entities they hunt. Some hunters may even resort to using dark powers or weapons (usually dark magic or demonic in nature). Some human hunters may even be tempted to become vampires themselves in order to obtain their powers and immortality, either to continue hunting them, due to fear of their own mortality, or simply a lust for power.
References
Bibliography
Hunters by game
Obsolete occupations
Edward Burnaby Greene (c. 1735-1788) was an English landowner, poet, and translator. He inherited the Norland estate in modern-day Holland Park in 1740 from his paternal grandfather, Thomas Greene.
Four years after Greene's death, Benjamin Vulliamy purchased the Norland Estate for £4,270.
References
External links
1730s births
1788 deaths
Writers from London
English landowners
English male poets
English translators
English male non-fiction writers
18th-century British translators
Cecilia Nohemí Sosa Vargas (born 7 February 1948) is a Salvadoran sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was the first woman to represent El Salvador at the Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Salvadoran female sprinters
Salvadoran female hurdlers
Salvadoran female long jumpers
Olympic athletes of El Salvador
Sportspeople from San Salvador
20th-century Salvadoran women
The 46th Rifle Division was a rifle division of the Red Army.
History
The division was formed in 1923 as a territorial unit, assigned to the 14th Rifle Corps of the Ukrainian Military District. Based in Kiev, it included the 136th, 137th, and 138th Rifle Regiments. Its regiments received the honorifics Pre-Dnieper, Kiev, and Pereyaslavl, respectively, by 1930. Reorganized as a cadre unit in 1931, it became part of the Kiev Military District when the Ukrainian Military District was split on 17 May 1935. The division transferred to the Zhitomir Army Group of the Kiev Special Military District on 26 July 1938 during another reorganization.
The 46th was soon transferred to Irkutsk, assigned to the Transbaikal Military District. It was reorganized under peacetime tables of organization and equipment with an authorized strength of 6,000 personnel in April 1940. When Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, began on 22 June 1941, the division was assigned to the 32nd Rifle Corps of the 16th Army of the Transbaikal Military District, and still stationed in Irkutsk. It was commanded by Major General Alexander Filatov at the time. Sent west, it was wiped out during the Battle of Smolensk in July.
The division was reformed at Ufa after July 1941, but was destroyed in the Volkhov Pocket during June 1942. It was again reformed from the 1st Rifle Division NKVD at Vaskelevo, and fought at Lutsk and Danzig. The 46th was part of the 2nd Shock Army of the 2nd Belorussian Front in May 1945. When the Group of Soviet Occupation Forces in Germany was formed in August 1945, the division was with the 109th Rifle Corps of the 2nd Shock Army.
In 1955, the division was reformed from the 272nd Rifle Division with the 13th Guards Rifle Corps at Kursk. It became the 46th Motor Rifle Division on 25 June 1957. On 17 November 1964 it became the 272nd Motor Rifle Division.
References
Citations
Bibliography
046
ru:46-я стрелковая дивизия (1-го формирования)
The haladie is a double-edged dagger from ancient Syria and India, consisting of two curved blades, each approximately in length, attached to a single hilt.
The weapon was used by warriors of the Indian Rajput clans, and was both a stabbing and slicing blade. Some haladie had spikes on one side of the handle in the style of a knuckle duster, while others had a third blade in this position. In some cases the main blades would be serrated.
The haladie is believed to be one of the world's first triple-edged blades.
See also
Willow Leaf Knives are two sided throwing knives that can be curved or straight. Designed exclusively for ranged combat they look almost like haladie without the handle.
References
Daggers
Rajput culture
Knut Lindberg (5 January 1880 – 23 June 1930) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1880 births
1930 deaths
People from Ingå
People from Uusimaa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Swedish-speaking Finns
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
Scissortail rasbora is a name used for several Asian freshwater fish that sometimes are seen in the aquarium trade:
Dwarf scissortail rasbora (Rasbosoma spilocerca)
Gangetic scissortail rasbora (Rasbora rasbora)
Greater scissortail (Rasbora caudimaculata)
Three-lined rasbora or scissortail rasbora (Rasbora trilineata)
The RS600 is a sailing dinghy designed by Clive Everest and Nick Peters and supplied by RS Sailing. It is now built by the Boatyard at Beer. It is a single hander with trapeze and racks. It has a Portsmouth Yardstick of 916 and a D-PN of 76.2.
Performance and design
The RS600 has an epoxy hull, with aluminium racks available in 2 sizes, depending on the helm's weight. The mast is stayed, rotating, carbon fibre with a removable bottom section, allowing the mast to be shortened when the sail is reefed. Sail plan is a single Mylar fully battened main sail, with a zip in reef.
In 2007, the RS600 with hydrofoils became available. The hydrofoil version known as the RS600FF is a standard RS600 hull with rudder gantry, different foils and a wand attached to the bow. Most RS600FF's are retro fitted RS600s, though new built boats are available in both varieties.
References
External links
RS Sailing (Global HQ
ISAF Connect to Sailing
International RS Classes Association
UK RS Association
German RS Class Association
Facebook/RS600
Dinghies
Boats designed by Clive Everest
Boats designed by Nick Peters
Sailboat types built by RS Sailing
was a commander and daimyō in the service of Tokugawa Ieyasu in Japan during the Azuchi-Momoyama and Edo periods.
In 1563, when an uprising against Ieyasu occurred in Mikawa Province, Masanobu took the side of the peasants against Ieyasu at Battle of Batogahara. He fled from the Tokugawa, rejoining them in the 1570s or 1580s at the behest of Ōkubo Tadayo, and accompanied Ieyasu as he crossed Iga Province following the assassination of Oda Nobunaga at Honnō-ji.
In 1600, Masanobu joined Tokugawa Hidetada's army for the march along the Nakasendō. En route, however, Hidetada attacked Sanada Masayuki at Ueda Castle against Masanobu's advice, and together they arrived late for the Battle of Sekigahara.
Masanobu was a member of the Tokugawa shogunate and ruled a Han in Sagami Province assessed at 22,000 koku. He was present at the siege of Osaka in 1614. Masanobu died several weeks after Ieyasu in 1616.
References
Further reading
1538 births
1616 deaths
Rōjū
Honda clan
Fudai daimyo
Lukinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 8 as of 2002.
Geography
Lukinskaya is located 21 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Selo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The 2011 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol de la Serie A (known as the 2011 Copa Credife Serie A for sponsorship reasons) was the 53rd season of the Serie A, Ecuador's premier football league. The season began on January 30 and ended on December 18, with a break in July for the 2011 Copa América. LDU Quito is the defending champion.
Format
After a session of the preliminary meeting of the Congress of Professional Football of the Ecuadorian Football Federation (), it was determined that the format for the 2011 season will be the same as the previous season.
Teams
Twelve teams will compete in the 2011 Serie A season, ten of whom remain from the previous season. Macará and Universidad Católica were relegated last season after accumulating the fewest points in the 2010 season aggregate table. They were replaced by LDU Loja and Imbabura, the 2010 Serie B winner and runner-up, respectively. This will be both clubs' second season in the league. LDU Loja played their only season in 2005 and Imbabura played their only season in 2007.
Managerial changes
First stage
The first stage () began on January 30 and ended on June 19. Emelec won the stage.
Standings
Results
Second stage
The second stage () began on July 22 and is scheduled to end on December 4.
Standings
Results
Aggregate table
Third stage
The Third Stage () began on December 11 and will end on December 19. It will consist of two playoffs.
Third-place playoffs
LDU Quito and El Nacional will play in the third-place playoff for the Ecuador 3 berth in the 2012 Copa Libertadores as the top-two teams non-stage winners in the aggregate table. Since LDU Quito had the most points in the aggregate table, they will play the second leg at home.
Finals
Emelec and Deportivo Quito qualified to the Finals by being the First Stage and Second Stage winners, respectively. The winner will be the Serie A champion and earned the Ecuador 1 berth in the 2012 Copa Libertadores. By having the greater number of points in the aggregate table, Deportivo Quito will play the second leg at home.
Top goalscorers
Updated as of games played on December 4, 2011.Source:
Hat-tricks
5 Player scored 5 goals.
References
External links
Official website
Ecuadorian Serie A seasons
Ecu
Serie A
Frances Charlotte was launched at Rangoon in 1815 as Four Sisters. She was renamed and as Frances Charlotte was lost in 1816 on Preparis in the Bay of Bengal.
Loss
In 1816, the British Army left Java. Some 400 men of the 78th Highlanders regiment, together with their wives and children, embarked on Princess Charlotte on 18 September 1816 but a day later she hit a sunken rock. It was only with great difficulty that she returned to Batavia Roads. Her passengers transferred to Frances Charlotte, Captain Acres, which sailed for Calcutta on 29 September.
On 5 November 1816, Frances Charlotte hit a sunken reef some 12 miles off Preparis. The ship's boats could only take about 150 people at a time, and a number of men remained marooned on the wreck and a nearby rock.
On 9 November the merchant ship Po, Captain Knox, on her way to Penang from Madras, came by. She rescued 27 men (or 40) from the wreck, but then left after having lost a boat in a second attempt to bring of survivors, and with the weather worsening. Two men died in that attempt, and Po left behind her first mate.
On 10 November, the merchant ship , Captain Weathrall, was sailing in the vicinity when she spied wreckage. Weathrall investigated and when he saw a signal fire stopped to render assistance. Between 11 and 14 November, Prince Blucher was able to rescue some 316 men, women, and children. She was able to rescue 110 of the 119 men that had remained on the rock after Po left, the remained having died.
The weather and damage to Prince Blucher prevented her from rescuing another 90 Europeans and 40 lascars who remained on the island. After nine days Prince Blucher arrived at Bengal.
The Government of Bengal then sent two cruisers that rescued the remaining survivors of the wreck. The last survivors had been marooned for some 36 days. By the time they were rescued, the survivors had run out of food and were too weak even to gather the few shellfish on the rocks at low tide. Some of the survivors died from privation shortly after finally being rescued, and some died from gorging themselves after having starved.
By one report, 14 soldiers and two lascars had died in the loss of Frances Charlotte.
At Calcutta, Weathrall and his men received great praise for their efforts. The Governor-General, on behalf of the government of Bengal, awarded Weathrall 5000 sicca rupees for plate. It also awarded money to his officers and crew. The merchants of Calcutta awarded Weathrall with an engraved silver plate.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Chronicles of the sea: or, Faithful narratives of shipwrecks, fires, famines, and disasters incidental to a life of maritime enterprise (1838).
1815 ships
British ships built in India
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in 1816
The discography of Carl Cox, British house music and techno producer and DJ, consists of four albums, twenty-five singles, twenty-six compilation albums, and sixty-six remixes.
Studio albums
1996: At The End Of The Cliche, Edel UK Records/Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1999: Phuture 2000, Edel UK Records/Worldwide Ultimatum Records
2005: Second Sign, Play It Again Sam
2011: All Roads Lead To The Dancefloor, Intec Digital
Extended plays
2019: Dark Alleys, Circus Recordings
Singles
1989: Let's Do It, N/A
1991: I Want You (Forever), Perfecto Records – UK No.23
1992: Does It Feel Good To You, Perfecto Records
1993: The Planet of Love, Perfecto Records – UK No.44
1995: Two Paintings and A Drum, Edel UK Records – UK No.24
1996: Sensual Sophis-ti-cat / The Player, Worldwide Ultimatum Records – UK No.25
1996: Tribal Jedi, Edel UK Records/Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1999: The Latin Theme, Edel UK Records – UK No.52
1998: Phuture 2000, Worldwide Ultimatum Records – UK No.40
1999: Dr. Funk, Edel UK Records/Worldwide Ultimatum Records
2000: Golden Warrior, So Dens
2003: Dirty Bass featuring Christian Smith, 23rd Century Records
2003: Want A Life, Trust the DJ
2004: Give Me All Your Love featuring Hannah Robinson, 23rd Century Records
2004: Put Your Hands Up, Trust the DJ
2006: Thats the Bass featuring Norman Cook, 23rd Century Records
2006: K'Pasa, Intec Records
2006: Spoon, Intec Records
2011: Chemistry featuring Shelley Segal, Intec Digital
2011: Nexus, Intec Digital
2011: Family Guy, Intec Digital
2012: Caipiroska, Snatch! Records
2013: Time for House Music, Circus Recordings
2014: See You Next Tuesday featuring Nicole Moudaber, MOOD Records
2016: Your Light Shines On, Intec Digital
2021: We Are One with Franky Wah, Ministry Of Sound
2022: Speed Trials On Acid with Fatboy Slim featuring Dan Diamond, BMG
Compilations
1994: Nonstopmix 1994, Liquid Rec.
1994: Fantazia presents The DJ Collection Carl Cox, Fantazia
1995: F.A.C.T., React
1997: F.A.C.T. 2, Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1998: DJF 250, Sony Music Entertainment
1998: Non Stop 98/01, FFRR Records
1998: The Sound Of Ultimate B.A.S.E., Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1999: Non Stop 2000, FFRR Records
1999: F.A.C.T. Australia, X-Over Recordings. Chart Peak (AUS) #88
2000: Mixed Live Crobar Nightclub, Chicago, Moonshine Music
2002: Mixed Live 2nd Session Area 2, Detroit, Moonshine Music
2002: Club Traxx Vol. 1, Trust the DJ
2003: Club Traxx Vol. 2, Trust the DJ
2003: F.A.C.T. Australia II, Warner Music Group
2003: U60311 Compilation Techno Division Vol. 3, V2 Records
2004: Back To Mine, DMC Publishing
2004: Pure Intec, Intec Records
2007: Global, Play It Again Sam
2008: Ultimate Carl Cox, Ministry of Sound Australia
2010: Global Underground 38 – Black Rock Desert, Global Underground
2013: Pure Intec 2: Mixed by Carl Cox, Intec Digital
2014: Mixmag Presents Carl Cox: Sounds of Ibiza, Mixmag Records
2014: Space Ibiza 2014: Carl Cox Mix, Cr2 Records
2015: Mixmag Presents Carl Cox: Space Terrace Ibiza, Mixmag Records
2015: In the Process of Eight, Circus Recordings
2016: Space Ibiza 2016, Cr2 Records
Remixes
1991: Supreme Love Gods – Cherry White (Carl Cox Remix), One Little Indian
1991: art of Noise – Shades of Paranoimia (Carl Cox Remix), China Records
1992: Eternal – Eternal (Carl Cox Remix), Underground Level Recordings
1992: Robert Owens – Gotta Work (Carl's Renaissance Remix), Freetown Inc.
1992: Patti Day – Hot Stuff (Carl Cox Remix), Starway Records
1992: DJ Phantasy – Jepron (Carl Cox Remix), Liquid Wax Recordings
1992: Sunscreem – Perfect Motion (Carl Cox Rhythm's A Drug Remix), Sony BMG Music Entertainment
1993: Visa – Let Me See Ya Move (Carl Cox's Militant March Remix), MMR Productions
1993: Smooth But Hazzardous – Made You Dance (Carl Cox Remix), Sound Entity Records
1994: Laurent Garnier – Astral Dreams (Carl Cox's MMR Remix), F-Communications
1994: Trevor Rockcliffe Presents Glow – Break the Law (Carl's Reconstructed Remix), MMR Productions
1994: Quench – Hope (Carl Cox's MMR Remix), Infectious Records
1994: FKW – Jingo (Carl Cox Remix), PWL
1994: O.T.T. – Raw (Carl Cox Remix), Industrial Strength Records
1994: Conquer – Self Destruction (Carl Cox's Kinetic Mix), MMR Productions
1994: Aurora Borealis – Raz (Carl's MMR Remix), F-Communications
1994: English Muffin – The Blood of An English Muffin (Carl Cox Remix), MMR Productions
1994: Lunatic Asylum – The Meltdown (Carl Cox & John Selway's Circular Circuit Remix), MMR Productions
1995: Jam & Spoon – Angel (Ladadi O-Heyo) (Carl Cox Remix), Epic Records
1995: The Stone Roses – Begging You (Cox's Ultimatum Remix), Geffen Records
1995: Yello – L'Hotel (Carl Cox's Hands on Yello Remix), Urban
1995: Dr. Fernando – Stomace Substance (Carl Cox Remix), MMR Productions
1995: Infrequent Oscillation – Burning Phibes (Carl Cox Remix), MMR Productions
1995: Technohead – Get Stoned (Carl Cox Remix), Mokum Records
1995: AWeX – It's Our Future (Carl Cox's Ultimate Remix), Plastic City UK
1995: Slab – Rampant Prankster (Carl Cox's Jumper Remix), Hydrogen Dukebox
1995: Steve Mason & Tony Crooks – Shallow Grave (Carl Cox's After Hours Remix), Rain Forest Records
1995: Josh Abrahams – March Time (Carl Cox Remix), MMR Productions
1996: System 7 – Hangar 84 (Cox's W.W. Ultimatum Remix), Butterfly Records
1996: Electroliners – Loose Caboose (Carl Cox Remix), XL Recordings
1996: Barefoot Boys – Need No Man (Cox's Harder Remix), Stealth Records
1996: The Advent – Mad Dog (Carl Cox Remix), Internal
1996: JX – There's Nothing I Won't Do (Carl Cox's Full House Remix), FFRR Records
1996: Consolidated – This Is Fascism (Carl Cox's Burning Gold Remix), MC Projects
1996: Vernon – Vernon's Wonderland (Carl Cox's Full Remix), Eye Q
1996: Poltergeist – Vicious Circles (Carl Cox's MMR Remix), Manifesto
1997: DJ SS – DJs Anthem (Carl Cox Remix), Formation Records
1997: Tenth Chapter – Prologue (Carl Cox & Paul van Dyk Remix), Jackpot
1998: Stone Circle – The Sounds Of Ultimate B.A.S.E. (Carl Cox's Original Mix), Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1999: Needle Damage – That Zipper Track (Carl Cox Remix), Worldwide Ultimatum Records
1999: Grooverider – Where's Jack the Ripper? (Carl Cox's Techno Radio Edit), Higher Ground Records
2000: Tony Moran Featuring Cindy Mizelle – Shine On (Carl Cox's Sweat Dub), Contagious Records
2001: Slam – Positive Education (Carl Cox's Intec Remix), VC Recordings
2001: Trevor Rockcliffe & Blake Baxter – Visions of You (Carl Cox Remix), Intec Records
2001: Ramirez – Volcan De Pasion (Carl Cox Remix), Terapia
2002: Cormano – Mangamana vs. Revenge (Carl Cox's Turntable Remix), 4 Play Records, Inc.
2003: Tomaz vs Filterheadz – Sunshine (Carl Cox Remix), Intec Records
2003: Bad Cabbage – You're Rude (Get Fucked) (Carl Cox's Not So Rude Remix), Mutant Disc
2004: Eric Powell – Don't Deny It (Carl Cox Remix), 23rd Century Records
2004: Johan Cyber – Natural Funk (Carl Cox Remix), 23rd Century Records
2004: Cohen vs Deluxe – Just Kick! (Carl Cox Remix), Intec Records
2005: Len Faki – Just A Dance (Carl Cox Remix), Figure
2007: Sander Van Doorn – Riff (Carl Cox's Global Remix), Ultra Records
2010: Jon Rundell – Damager (Carl Cox Remix), Intec
2010: Moby – Walk With Me (Carl Cox Remix), Little Idiot
2010: Gilles Peterson pres. Havana Cultura feat. Ogguere – Arroz con Pollo (Carl Cox Remix), Brownswood Recordings
2010: Joey Beltram – Slice 2010 (Carl Cox Rerub), Bush Records
2011: Dome Patrol – The Cutting Edge (Carl Cox & Julika Remix), Bush Records
2012: Tom Taylor & Gareth Whitehead – Tired of Being Wrong (Carl Cox Remix), Bullet:Dodge
2012: The Scumfrog, Sting – If I Ever Lose My Faith (Carl Cox Remix), Armada Recordings
2013: Davide Squillace & Guti – The Other Side of Hustler (Carl Cox Remix), This And That
2015: Pan-Pot – Riot (Carl Cox Remix), Second State
2016: Steve Mulder vs. D-Shake – Techno Trance 2016 (Carl Cox Remix), Orange Recordings
2016: Popof – Lidl Girl ft. Arno Joey (Carl Cox Collective Remix), Hot Creations
2016: Josh Abrahams – The Traveller (Carl Cox Remix), Bush Records
2016: Josh Wink – I'm Talking to You (Carl Cox Remix), Intec Records
2019: Purple Disco Machine - Body Funk (Carl Cox Remix), A Positiva / Virgin EMI Records
2020: Russell Small - It Is What It Is (Bad Ass Disco) (Carl Cox DnB Remix), Jango Music
2020: Hannah Wants and Kevin Knapp - Call Me (Carl Cox Remix), Toolroom Productions
2020: Deadmau5 and The Neptunes - Pomegranate (Carl Cox Remix), Mau5Trap
2020: Kenneth Bager - Farmacia (Homage To Frankfurt) (Carl Cox Remix), Armada Music
2021: Geraldine Hunt - Can't Fake the Feeling (Carl Cox Rework), Unidisc Music
2021: Sofi Tukker - Drinkee (Carl Cox Remix), Ultra Records
References
External links
Carl Cox discography
Biography
Electronic music discographies
House music discographies
Discographies of British artists
Yellow tag may refer to:
Yellow tag or color-tagged structure, a classification to represent the severity of damage or the overall condition of a building
Yellow tag or aviation parts tag, a method used in US aviation industry to indicate a part's serviceability
The Nahuelbuta Range or Cordillera de Nahuelbuta () is a mountain range in Bio-Bio and Araucania Region, southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. The name of the range derives from the Mapudungun words nahuel (jaguar) and futa (big)
Historically Cordillera de Nahuelbuta and its surrounding valleys were the foci of the Arauco War. The Spanish designs for this region was to exploit the placer deposits of gold around the range using unfree Mapuche labour from the densely populated valleys. For this purpose the Spanish established a series of settlements and fortified houses around Cordillera de Nahuelbuta.
See also
Arauco Basin
Coastal Batholith of central Chile
Nahuelbuta National Park
Valdivian Coastal Range
References
Mountain ranges of Chile
Chilean Coast Range
Landforms of Araucanía Region
Landforms of Biobío Region
is a railway station in Mihara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Buildings
Surrounding Area
Imabari Shipbuilding Hiroshima Shipyard
National Route 185
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Source
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1931
George Raynor (1907–1985) was an English footballer.
George Raynor may also refer to:
George Raynor (cricketer) (1852–1887), English schoolmaster and cricketer
George Raynor (pirate) (1665–1743), pirate active in the Indian Ocean
"My Kind of Christmas" is a 1961 song by Johnny Mathis written by Jerry Livingston with lyrics by Paul Francis Webster. It was released as a standalone Christmas single in November 1961, with the Allyn Ferguson/Syd Shaw composition "Christmas Eve" on the B-side. When Mathis' 1958 Merry Christmas album was re-reissued on CD in 1998 the A- and B-sides of the 1961 single were included as bonus tracks.
References
1961 songs
1961 singles
American Christmas songs
Johnny Mathis songs
Songs written by Jerry Livingston
Songs with lyrics by Paul Francis Webster
Columbia Records singles
Fontana Records singles
"Nuestro Amor" (English: "Our Love") is the first single from the Mexican pop group RBD's second studio album of the same name (2005). The song was also used to promote the second season of the soap opera Rebelde. Also, an English version of the song was recorded in 2006. "This Is Love", the English version of "Nuestro Amor", appears on RBD's 2006 first English studio album, Rebels (2006). In 2021, Moderatto invited Anahí to record a new version of this song, a rock version, released in December of the same year.
Its Portuguese version is called "Nosso Amor" and was released as a single in Brazil. A special music video for this version of the song was planned, but was scrapped.
Music video
The music video for the song was filmed in early August 2005 at Pedregal, Distrito Federal in México and was directed by Amin Azali. It was their first video directed by Amin Azali and premiered in September in the United States and Mexico.
The video is about a "date" the girls and boys of RBD have. This video starts with a phone call between Dulce Maria and Christopher, with Dulce being in bath and Christopher at the window. Then the girls dress up elegantly for the coming night they are about to have. The video features the male members getting ready for a romantic dinner too in a Japanese look-alike house, where the guys look for the girls as they leave clues for them in order to find the girls. Finally, the band walk outside and sit around, sing, enjoy the moonlight and oddly, share some bottles of milk from which they drink.
Chart performance
The song became RBD's fifth major hit in Mexico. The song peaked at number two on Billboard Hot Latin Pop Airplay chart and number six on Billboard's Top 50 Latin Tracks and Latin Tropical Airplay chart. The song also peaked at number 33 in week 10 on the Romanian Airplay Chart.
Release history
Charts
References
2005 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
Articles containing video clips
2005 songs
First Letter is a British game show that aired on BBC1 from 5 January to 23 March 1993. It is hosted by Don Maclean.
External links
1990s British game shows
1993 British television series debuts
1993 British television series endings
BBC television game shows
British game shows
English-language television shows
The blue paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone cyanescens) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae.
It is endemic to Palawan.
It is mainly found in the understory of lowland primary and secondary forests, however populations are likely to be declining owing to habitat loss.
References
blue paradise flycatcher
Birds of Palawan
Endemic birds of the Philippines
blue paradise flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Joshua Mathiot (April 4, 1800 – July 30, 1849) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Connellsville, Pennsylvania, Mathiot moved to Newark, Ohio, about 1830.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar and practiced in Newark.
He served as prosecuting attorney 1832–1836.
He served as mayor of Newark in 1834.
Mathiot was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843).
Grand worthy patriarch of the Sons of Temperance in Ohio, and while attending a temperance convention at Sandusky contracted cholera, from which he died in Newark, Ohio, July 30, 1849.
He was interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1800 births
1849 deaths
People from Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
The list of shipwrecks in January 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during January 1875.
1 January
2 January
3 January
4 January
5 January
6 January
7 January
8 January
9 January
10 January
11 January
12 January
13 January
14 January
15 January
16 January
17 January
18 January
19 January
20 January
21 January
22 January
23 January
24 January
25 January
26 January
27 January
28 January
29 January
30 January
31 January
Unknown date
References
1875-01
Maritime incidents in January 1875
The Sooretama slaty antshrike (Thamnophilus ambiguus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to coastal regions of eastern Brazil between Sergipe and São Paulo. It was previously included in the widespread slaty antshrike (T. punctatus), but following the split, this scientific name is now restricted to the northern slaty antshrike.
It occurs at low levels in forest and woodland, especially, but not exclusively, humid.
The Sooretama slaty antshrike was described by the English naturalist William Swainson in 1825 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus ambiguus.
References
Sooretama slaty antshrike
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Sooretama slaty antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sammie Moreels (born 27 November 1965) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France.
Major results
1984
3rd Road race, National Junior Road Championships
1988
1st Stage 4a Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
2nd Kattekoers
1989
1st Grand Prix d'Isbergues
1st Stage 5 Tour du Vaucluse
2nd Paris–Camembert
4th La Flèche Wallonne
5th Liège–Bastogne–Liège
6th Paris–Tours
8th GP Villafranca de Ordizia
8th Overall Tour de la Communauté Européenne
9th Wincanton Classic
1990
1st Stage 2 Tour of Galicia
2nd GP Stad Zottegem
3rd GP des Amériques
7th Wincanton Classic
1991
1st Cholet-Pays de Loire
1st GP du Canton d'Argovie
3rd Gran Piemonte
3rd Grand Prix de Wallonie
3rd Milano–Torino
5th Rund um den Henninger Turm
5th GP Stad Zottegem
9th Giro di Lombardia
1992
1st Trofeo Laigueglia
3rd Grand Prix de Wallonie
4th Overall Tour du Haut Var
5th Overall Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
1993
1st Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Andalucía
9th Paris–Brussels
1994
7th GP Stad Zottegem
1995
3rd Grand Prix d'Isbergues
10th Grand Prix de Wallonie
1996
10th Le Samyn
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Ghent
Cyclists from East Flanders
Gerardine "Gerri" Botte is a Venezuelan-American chemist who is a Professor and the Whitacre Department Chair in Chemical Engineering at Texas Tech University. Her research considers electrochemical engineering and the development of sustainable manufacturing processes. Botte is Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Applied Electrochemistry and a Fellow of the Electrochemical Society.
Early life and education
Botte is from Venezuela. She studied chemical engineering at University of Carabobo. After graduating, Botte worked as process engineer in petrochemical plant. She moved to the United States for her graduate studies, starting her scientific career at the University of South Carolina. She earned her master's and doctoral degrees at the University of South Carolina, where she researched lithium-ion batteries. After graduating she was appointed to the University of Minnesota Duluth.
Research and career
In 2002 Botte joined Ohio University, where she spent almost twenty years. At Ohio University, Botte founded the Center for Electrochemical Engineering Research (CEER), which she directed throughout her tenure at OU. The centre was supported by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Botte is interested in the development of urea-based hydrogen fuel cells. She pioneered the electrolysis of urea in alkaline media, which can be used for several technologies including hydrogen production and wastewater remediation. The electrochemical processes developed by Botte involve the oxidation of urea to nitrogen and carbon dioxide at the anode of an electrochemical cell, with hydrogen evolution occurring at the cathode. As the electrochemical response is sensitive to the concentration of urea, such processes can be used to monitor urea concentration in clinical diagnostics and food science.
In 2019, Botte moved to Texas Tech University where she was made Whitacre Department Chair in Chemical Engineering.
Awards and honors
2010 Elected Fellow of the World Technology Network
2012 Elected Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors
2014 Elected Fellow of the Electrochemical Society
2015 Science for Solving Society's Problems Challenge Winner
2017 Elected Vice President of the Electrochemical Society
Selected publications
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American people of Venezuelan descent
University of South Carolina alumni
University of Minnesota Duluth faculty
Texas Tech University faculty
20th-century American chemists
21st-century American chemists
Joplin Public Library District is the library services for Joplin, Missouri.
As the largest public library between Springfield and Tulsa, the Joplin Public Library District attracts users from the tri-state area. The collection includes approximately 115,000 items in print and non-print format. The Library is open 66 hours a week, including evenings and Saturday and Sunday.
The Joplin Public Library District is a Special District, as are all library districts in Missouri. In Jasper County, the library district includes all property within the Joplin city limits. In Newton County, the library district includes only that portion of the City of Joplin which was within the city limits on October 13, 1965.
History
The Joplin Public Library District was established in 1902 when the citizens of Joplin, Missouri voted for a 10 cent tax to operate a public library. A Carnegie Foundation grant of $40,000 paid for the construction of a library building, with the community's having raised money to provide operating and maintenance funds. The Carnegie Library was built at 9th Street and Wall Avenue and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places later in the 20th century.
As needs outgrew the space, in 1980 the city built the current library at 300 S. Main Street, at a cost of approximately $2,000,000. The new library building was opened to the public in May 1981. In 1995 the building was remodeled and expanded to create the Rosemary Titus Reynolds Children's Library, which was dedicated in March 1996. The building, which covers approximately , is fully handicapped-accessible.
The new library was built on the site of the historic Connor Hotel, which had to be demolished. On November 11, 1978, one day before the hotel was scheduled to be brought down by explosives, it collapsed and trapped three workers in the rubble. After being trapped for eighty-two hours, Alfred Sommers was successfully rescued. The two other workers were killed in the accident. The three-and-a-half-day ordeal captured the attention of the entire nation.
The Library automated all circulation and technical processing operations in 1992 with federal funding under the Library Services and Construction Act. Off-site dial-in access, also federally funded, became available in 1995. The following year the Library started offering free Internet access to patrons. In 1999, the Library introduced its Web site and provided access to its catalog on the Internet.
In 2013,the federal Economic Development Administration announced a $20 million grant for the development and construction of a new library on 20th Street, in the heart of the area destroyed by the 2011 Joplin tornado.
In June 2017, the new 58,000 square foot state-of-the art library opened to the public. Costing nearly $15,000,000, the new facility has meeting and event rooms and spaces, an outdoor plaza and courtyard, children's, teen and adult book collection areas, and maker-spaces and equipment for creative arts and business innovators.
Funding
The Joplin Public Library District is funded primarily by a combination of real estate taxes and commercial surtaxes. Library-generated revenues and a city general fund subsidy also support the Library's operations. In 1993, Joplin voters approved an increase in the library levy from 9¢ to 20¢ per $100 valuation. Statewide reassessments since 1993 have resulted in several rollbacks, reducing the levy to 15.45¢. In 2006, voters approved a 10¢ levy increase, bringing the total levy to 25.45¢ for that year. The levy will continue to decrease annually due to rollbacks.
References
Primary source, Joplin Public Library Policy Manual, 2008
External links
Joplin Public Library website
Libraries.org
Public libraries in Missouri
Buildings and structures in Joplin, Missouri
1902 establishments in Missouri
Education in Jasper County, Missouri
Library buildings completed in 1980
The 2002–03 LEN Cup Winners' Cup is the ongoing 29th edition of LEN's second-tier competition for men's water polo clubs.
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Finals
|}
See also
2002–03 LEN Champions League
LEN Cup Winners' Cup seasons
Cup Winners' Cup
2002 in water polo
2003 in water polo
Dayton Featherstone "Dates" Fryberger (born May 5, 1940) is an American former ice hockey forward and Olympian.
Fryberger played with Team USA at the 1964 Winter Olympics held in Innsbruck, Austria. He previously played for the Panthers at Middlebury College in Vermont.
Awards and honors
References
1940 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
Middlebury Panthers men's ice hockey players
American men's ice hockey forwards
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
JPU Records is a British record label formed in 2012, which specializes in handling international releases by Japanese artists. Notable acts on JPU's roster include The Gazette, Band-Maid, Lovebites, and Nemophila.
History
The label was established in 2012. Its first release was Division by popular Japanese visual kei rock band The Gazette, followed by the 2013 album Beautiful Deformity. The label began to release albums by other Japanese acts, including i'mperfect by Ling tosite Sigure, Weeeeeeeeee!!! by Polysics, and Embrace by Boom Boom Satellites. In 2016 they announced the signing of rock quintet Band-Maid and pop singer Amatsuki, giving the two acts their UK debuts at MCM London Comic Con in May of that year.
Current roster
JPU Records has released albums by the following artists:
Aldious
Amatsuki
Asian Kung-Fu Generation
Band-Maid
Back-On
Bed In
blank paper
Boom Boom Satellites (defunct)
Buck-Tick
Crystal Lake
Dempagumi.inc
Doll$Boxx
Elfriede
Ena Fujita
FEMM
Flow
The Gazette
Kari Band
Kemuri
Ladybaby
Lie and a Chameleon
Ling tosite Sigure
Lovebites
Lyrical School
Man with a Mission
Mary's Blood
Moso Calibration
Mutant Monster
Nemophila
Niji no Conquistador
NoGoD
One Eye Closed
Passcode
Polysics
ROA
ROS
Scandal
Sin Isomer
Sokoninaru
Spyair
Sumire Uesaka
References
External links
Official website
Rock record labels
Record labels established in 2012
British record labels
Bonvi, pen name of Franco Bonvicini (31 March 1941 – 10 December 1995) was an Italian comic book artist, creator of the comic strips Sturmtruppen and Nick Carter.
Biography
Bonvicini was born either in Parma or Modena, in the Emilia Romagna region of Northern Italy. The correct site is unknown, as his mother registered him in both places to obtain twice the amount of war-rationing food stamps. The author hinted at this fact in one of his Sturmtruppen comic books, where he usually hid autobiographical notes inside the dark humour of the books.
After a brief experience in advertising work, he made his debut in the comics world in 1968 for the newspaper Paese Sera with his most famous strip Sturmtruppen. Sturmtruppen was later translated in numerous countries outside Italy. While politically left-aligned and a pacifist, Bonvi was fascinated by war, and had served in the tank corps in postwar Italy. He also had an encyclopedic knowledge of the Wehrmacht's uniforms, weapons and equipment, which he faithfully recreated in his cartoonish universe. Each weapon and vehicle appearing in the strip is real; uniforms are also faithfully depicted apart from some simplifications. Sturmtruppen, however, was not only a satire of military life and Nazism, but also a true, endless wellspring of comical and surreal situations.
Bonvicini was one of the first Italian cartoonists to use the horizontal format typical of United States' strips.
Sturmtruppen strips were published periodically until Bonvi's death, with the exception of a pause in the 1970s, in which he left Italy for a long trip to Africa. In 1967 he played Derek Flit, a parody of Derek Flint in Come rubammo la bomba atomica an Italian spy comedy movie shot in Egypt.
Bonvicini was a friend of another famous Bolognese citizen, the writer and singer Francesco Guccini. As a duo, they produced a science fiction series called Storie dello spazio profondo (Stories from Deep Space) (1972), whose main protagonist has Bonvi's features.
In 1969 he also created Cattivik, another surreal strip parodying the anti-hero Diabolik. The series was to be continued with success by his pupil Guido Silvestri, better known as Silver and, later, by other cartoonists. Bonvi's second-best known character was created in 1971, in collaboration with writer and TV director Guido De Maria: Nick Carter, a refreshing humour series featuring a trio of detectives (series' namesake Nick Carter aided by massive and naive Patsy and proverb-quoting chinaman Ten) working in the New York of 1910s. Nick Carter appeared also in TV in the 1970s.
In this decade Bonvi created an adult science fiction series, Cronache del dopobomba ("After the Bomb Chronicles"), featuring a grotesque post-apocalyptic world, as well as the fictional detective Milo Marat (for the French market, with Mario Gomboli), and his most serious comic book, L'uomo di Tsushima ("The Man of Tsushima"). For the latter's protagonist Bonvi used again his face as that of the US author Jack London, one of his favourite writers. In 1973 Bonvicini was named Best European Cartoonist receiving the Prix Saint-Michel.
Another famous work were the adventures of Marzolino Tarantola, an eccentric millionaire engaged along with his butler and the hulking speech-impaired strongman "Henry the crew" in a car race across the world, from San Francisco to Paris; the threesome must constantly fend off the dastardly tricks of their nemesis, "Professor Moriarty" and his diminutive lackey, Perfidio. The story is loosely based on the Wacky Races cartoon and the movie The Great Race with Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon but both inspirations merely served Bonvi as a pretext to let him draw wild capers across the globe in the early-1900s which were his preferred time period.
In the 1980s Bonvi became a member of Bologna town hall council and founded a publishing house with Italian deejay and TV personality Red Ronnie. They published a monthly magazine featuring new Sturmtruppen strips and reprints of old Bonvi stories, as well as articles about music, teen culture and comics in general.
Bonvi's last work was Zona X, in collaboration with Giorgio Cavazzano. It was published posthumously by Sergio Bonelli Editore in 1996 with the new title La città.
Death
Bonvi was killed in a car accident in 1995. He was on his way to a TV station in Bologna to appear on Red Ronnie's TV show to raise financial support for cartoonist Magnus (Roberto Raviola) who was ill and in dire straits. Bonvi was struck by a Citroen Pallas while crossing a road right after having entered a bar asking for directions.
Works
Sturmtruppen (1968)
Cattivik (1968)
Capitan Posapiano (1969)
Storie dello spazio profondo (1969), with Francesco Guccini
Nick Carter (1972), with Guido De Maria
Cronache del dopobomba (1974)
L'Uomo di Tsushima (1978)
Marzolino Tarantola (1979)
Truppen Italien (1995), a Sturmtruppen version in collaboration with the Italian Army
Blob (1995, unpublished)
Cinema
Bonvi co-wrote the screenplay for the 1977 Sturmtruppen movie adaptation of Sturmtruppen, directed by Salvatore Samperi. He also appeared briefly in the second film of the series, Sturmtruppen II (1983), playing a German officer. He also starred in the 1967 Come rubammo la bomba atomica, directed by Lucio Fulci, and in the movie Cavalli si nasce (1988), directed by the comic strip author Sergio Staino.
External links
Official site
Official site devoted to Nick Carter
1941 births
1995 deaths
Artists from Bologna
Italian comics artists
Italian cartoonists
Italian comics writers
Comic book publishers (people)
Italian publishers (people)
Road incident deaths in Italy
Tourism Education Press (TEP) is a university press affiliated to Beijing International Studies University (BISU) of China. It was founded in November 1987 as part of the national initiative to promote the domestic tourism industry and tourism education.
History
The history of the press dates back to the 1980s, during which the strong links of the university to the Chinese tourism ministry CNTA significantly contributed to the establishment of TEP.
In 1978, the Chinese government introduced the economic reform and put great emphasis on the integration into the global market. In order to improve the English proficiency of the service personnel, especially in terms of the tourism industry, for three consecutive years, the CNTA consigned the language training responsibility to Beijing International Studies University and in 1981, the Department of Tourism was jointly established by the university and CNTA.
In March 1983, the university became directly affiliated to the Ministry and clearly positioned itself as a tertiary institution for tourism education, specialised in tourism translation and interpreting, tourism trade and tourism management. In 1987, the then Chairman of the CNTA Han Kehua took up the post of the university president. In the same year, the Tourism Education Press was established in November, and because of the university's direct affiliation to the CNTA, the press was also recognised as a national or central publishing house.
Key dates
Statistics
, the Tourism Education Press has been awarded 23 book prizes for 41 of its publications, and 109 of all TEP publications have been selected into the Textbooks of Nation project, Distinguished Textbooks projects or nominated for other academic awards by the Ministry of Education and the municipal government.
Alliances
Within the domestic publishing world, the Tourism Education Press is one of the foremost publishers in terms of tourism-related publications, along with the China Travel and Tourism Press.
In 2012, TEP established formal relationship with the China Tourism Academy for further development. The cooperation was referred to as Academic Community, in the sense that the press would facilitate the development of tourism discipline as an academic intermediary, while the research projects conducted by the academy would provide the press with publication sources.
See also
Beijing International Studies University
List of tourism-related institutions in China
Publishing industry in China
References
External links
Tourism Education Press
University presses of China
Publishing companies of China
Beijing International Studies University
1987 establishments in China
Tourism in China
Mass media in Beijing
In representation theory, a Yangian is an infinite-dimensional Hopf algebra, a type of quantum group. Yangians first appeared in physics in the work of Ludvig Faddeev and his school in the late 1970s and early 1980s concerning the quantum inverse scattering method. The name Yangian was introduced by Vladimir Drinfeld in 1985 in honor of C.N. Yang.
Initially, they were considered a convenient tool to generate the solutions of the quantum Yang–Baxter equation.
The center of the Yangian can be described by the quantum determinant.
Description
For any finite-dimensional semisimple Lie algebra a, Drinfeld defined an infinite-dimensional Hopf algebra Y(a), called the Yangian of a. This Hopf algebra is a deformation of the universal enveloping algebra U(a[z]) of the Lie algebra of polynomial loops of a given by explicit generators and relations. The relations can be encoded by identities involving a rational R-matrix. Replacing it with a trigonometric R-matrix, one arrives at affine quantum groups, defined in the same paper of Drinfeld.
In the case of the general linear Lie algebra glN, the Yangian admits a simpler description in terms of a single ternary (or RTT) relation on the matrix generators due to Faddeev and coauthors.
The Yangian Y(glN) is defined to be the algebra generated by elements with 1 ≤ i, j ≤ N and p ≥ 0, subject to the relations
Defining , setting
and introducing the R-matrix R(z) = I + z−1 P on CNCN,
where P is the operator permuting the tensor factors, the above relations can be written more simply as the ternary relation:
The Yangian becomes a Hopf algebra with comultiplication Δ, counit ε and antipode s given by
At special values of the spectral parameter , the R-matrix degenerates to a rank one projection. This can be used to define the quantum determinant of , which generates the center of the Yangian.
The twisted Yangian Y−(gl2N), introduced by G. I. Olshansky, is the co-ideal generated by the coefficients of
where σ is the involution of gl2N given by
Quantum determinant is the center of Yangian.
Applications
Classical representation theory
G.I. Olshansky and I.Cherednik discovered that the Yangian of glN is closely related with the branching properties of irreducible finite-dimensional representations of general linear algebras. In particular, the classical Gelfand–Tsetlin construction of a basis in the space of such a representation has a natural interpretation in the language of Yangians, studied by M.Nazarov and V.Tarasov. Olshansky, Nazarov and Molev later discovered a generalization of this theory to other classical Lie algebras, based on the twisted Yangian.
Physics
The Yangian appears as a symmetry group in different models in physics.
Yangian appears as a symmetry group of one-dimensional exactly solvable models such as spin chains, Hubbard model and in models of one-dimensional relativistic quantum field theory.
The most famous occurrence is in planar supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory in four dimensions, where Yangian structures appear on the level of symmetries of operators, and scattering amplitude as was discovered by Drummond, Henn and Plefka.
Representation theory
Irreducible finite-dimensional representations of Yangians were parametrized by Drinfeld in a way similar to the highest weight theory in the representation theory of semisimple Lie algebras. The role of the highest weight is played by a finite set of Drinfeld polynomials. Drinfeld also discovered a generalization of the classical Schur–Weyl duality between representations of general linear and symmetric groups that involves the Yangian of slN and the degenerate affine Hecke algebra (graded Hecke algebra of type A, in George Lusztig's terminology).
Representations of Yangians have been extensively studied, but the theory is still under active development.
See also
Quantum affine algebra
Notes
References
Translated in
Translated in
Representation theory
Quantum groups
Exactly solvable models
Alloplasty is a surgical procedure performed to substitute and repair defects within the body with the use of synthetic material. It can also be performed in order to bridge wounds. The process of undergoing alloplasty involves the construction of an alloplastic graft through the use of computed tomography (CT), rapid prototyping and "the use of computer-assisted virtual model surgery." Each alloplastic graft is individually constructed and customised according to the patient's defect to address their personal health issue. Alloplasty can be applied in the form of reconstructive surgery. An example where alloplasty is applied in reconstructive surgery is in aiding cranial defects. The insertion and fixation of alloplastic implants can also be applied in cosmetic enhancement and augmentation. Since the inception of alloplasty, it has been proposed that it could be a viable alternative to other forms of transplants. The biocompatibility and customisation of alloplastic implants and grafts provides a method that may be suitable for both minor and major medical cases that may have more limitations in surgical approach. Although there has been evidence that alloplasty is a viable method for repairing and substituting defects, there are disadvantages including suitability of patient bone quality and quantity for long term implant stability, possibility of rejection of the alloplastic implant, injuring surrounding nerves, cost of procedure and long recovery times. Complications can also occur from inadequate engineering of alloplastic implants and grafts, and poor implant fixation to bone. These include infection, inflammatory reactions, the fracture of alloplastic implants and prostheses, loosening of implants or reduced or complete loss of osseointegration.
Procedure
Generally, alloplasty requires resource-intensive preparation including a computed tomography (CT) scan of the patient. Following the CT scan, computer-assisted design technology such as interactive virtual surgical planning software, is used to design a surgical simulation. The surgical simulation produced can be utilised to manipulate the 3D CT model to “preplan the resection, design cutting guides, and choose the appropriate stock prosthesis size”. To further improve the safety and outcomes of alloplasty, additive manufacturing technology such as the use of rapid prototyping, fabricates stereolithographic models and cutting guides to be used in the operating room to improve surgical performance.
Prior to the surgical procedure, the alloplastic implant that will be used to repair or substitute the patients defect is designed to be biocompatible with the patient's specific body tissue. The purpose and longevity of the alloplastic implant is also taken into account when considering the materials that are used to create the implant and the structure in order to be able to fixate the implant into the body safely and securely. Preventative measures taken to minimise infection include alloplastic implants being thoroughly sterilised through the administration of antibiotics, the implant acting as an antibiotic carrier. The administration of an antibiotic above the minimum biofilm eradication concentration can act as a protective barrier to bacterial adhesion but can also eradicate biofilm remnants. Another preventative measure to minimise infection is topical antiseptic cleaning in the area of operation. Patients prior to surgical procedure are to be placed on strict hygiene programs to minimise the production of harmful bacteria that may cause infection. Infection can delay the surgical procedure of the alloplastic implant which would cause the patient to further endure the disadvantages of their defect.
After completion of surgical preparation and the creation of a final stock prosthesis, the commencement of the surgical procedure, alloplasty, begins. Alloplasty is performed with the use of anaesthesia. The type of anaesthesia is dependent upon the location of the insertion of the alloplastic implant and the severity of the patient's case, but commonly general anaesthetic and local anaesthetic are utilised. General anaesthetic is applied in major cases but for minor cases, the patient is put under local anaesthetic and intravenous sedation. Once the patient is under anaesthetic, surgeons make the appropriate dissections to insert and stabilise the alloplastic implants. Post-surgery the patient is monitored over a period of time to identify whether the implant has successfully repaired or substituted the defect of concern, and if infection is present.
Surgical techniques
Fixation of alloplastic implants
Alloplastic implants are osteoconductive and can bridge wounds by osseointegration. After the initial insertion of an alloplastic implant, the implant acts as a guide and pathway for the continuum of bone and tissue reproduction. The alloplastic implant becomes more stabilised and integrated into the surrounding bone as bone production progresses, fixating the implant. Initially the method to fixate alloplastic implants is by using miniplates and screws to directly attach the implant to the bone to mechanically stabilise it. In alloplastic surgeries that involve smaller implants, the screw themselves can be used as implants. For example, dental implants can be found in the form of screws. There are two type of screw designs that are suitable as dental implants, screw-root form and plateau-root form designed screws. The two screw designs have different osseointegration outcomes, longevity and healing processes. The screw-root form design is directly threaded into bone and has macroscopic retentive elements for initial bone fixation. A direct connection between bone and the implant provides high initial stability. Over time, screw-root form designs experience bone resorption and “bone modelling and remodelling at the bone to implant interface”.
Plateau-root form designed implants have a different healing process to screw-root form designs. The plateau-root form design has a woven bone formation. In the 0-3 month bone healing phase, osseointegration occurs by intramembranous ossification. Intramembranous ossification provides greater stabilisation and a more significant role in peri-implant bone healing around plateau-root form implants than screw-root form designed implants.
Miniscrews are another type of implant that can be used to anchor and intrude hard surfaces, such as teeth. This type of implant can stabilise intrusive movement to a certain extent with a varying percentage of relapse of intrusion. Advantages of miniscrews are that they are easily inserted and removed, cheaper compared to other implants, are flexible in regards to insertion sites and cause a lower level of discomfort for the patient. Miniscrews are also able to provide stability without flap surgery and has a “short healing period and immediate loading”.
The approach for the fixation of alloplastic implants will be dependent upon the circumstance of the surgical operation and the required stability of the implant. Some patients will require a combination of approaches. The approach taken to surgically fixate an alloplastic implant can also because of the type of synthetic material that the implant is made of to suit its purposes. The alloplastic implant must also be biocompatible with the hosts tissues by being “non-toxic, non-allergenic, non-carcinogenic and non-inflammatory”.
Current use in Medicine
Defect reconstruction
Alloplasty is a method for synthetic implants to be inserted into the body to aid physical and mental function. The procedure can be performed to reconstruct defects such as cranial defects. A common synthetic material used in the production of alloplastic grafts for craniotomy is heat-cure polymethyl methacrylate resin due to being nonconductive, radiolucent, light in weight and is easily modified to smoothly mould to the shape of the skull. The non-conduciveness and biocompatibility of polymethyl methacrylate resin and alloplastic materials in general, provides the ability for alloplastic implants to be used in aiding brain defects that may have been caused by decompressive craniectomy. Porous titanium implants can also be used to correct calvarial defects such as "subdural hematoma and meningioma". Implants promote bone formation in osseous defects created by trauma or surgical intervention. Custom stock prosthetic implants reconstruct the cranial defects where the skull is too fragmented to be recovered or where bone has become infected and is required to be replaced. Cranial implants are placed and secured through surgical stabilisation using surgical wires, mini plates and screws to fill gaps in the bone of the skull, called the bone flap. The conduct of alloplasty on the cranium restores lost or deficient use of the brain through the repair of mechanical defects, but is also able to provide fixations for cosmetic purposes to restore natural anatomy.
Cosmetic enhancement and augmentation
Alloplastic implants can be used in cosmetic facial surgery to restore volume in areas of the face and “can be serviced or removed without maximally invasive surgery". Implants ideally are “nonantigenic, durable, non-toxic and resistant to infection". Cosmetic enhancement can be desired for multiple reasons including the physical changes associated with ageing. The continuous change in facial structure and need for volume restoration due to ageing requires implants that can be easily replaced, cost effective, permanent if desired and a reversible procedure. Silicone implants can provide a three-dimensional (3D) augmentation when anchored to the facial skeleton with screws. Implants made from silicone are able to be replaced and reversed in procedure as the silicone is not integrated into skin tissue but is surrounded by a dense and fibrous tissue capsule. Other materials alloplastic implants are made of for cosmetic enhancement include “expanded polytetrafluorethylene and porous polyethylene” which are all biocompatible".
Facial implants that are left immobilised and that create pressure against bone can cause bone resorption. For example, chin implants that are immobilised create pressure on the anterior mandible which can cause an increase in bone resorption. Facial implants that are placed in a supraperiosteal plane centrally and subperiosteal plane laterally minimise bone resorption. The supraperiosteal plane placement of the implant minimises the degree of contact to the bone as the implant is immobilised and the subperiosteal plane has lateral pockets that fixate the implant. Chin implants can also be fixated and equally remove pressure from bone through the use of screw fixation.
Adverse effects
Disadvantages
A disadvantage of alloplasty is that there are certain requirements for a patient to have long term stability of an alloplastic implant. This can be dependent upon age and health conditions of the patient. The patient must have sufficient maintenance of alveolar bone structure and minimise alveolar bone loss. For example, the removal of teeth results in accelerated loss of facial bone with the alveolar bone receding, resorbing and then disappearing. In the span of 2–3 years, patients can experience 40-60% of alveolar bone loss. Severe bone and tissue loss can make it difficult for the proceeding with alloplasty as procedural plans about regenerating bone through alloplastic implants become more complex.
Another disadvantage with alloplasty is that alloplastic grafts and implants can cause inflammation or be completely rejected by the body and needs to be removed. Alloplasty as a form of reconstructive surgery can be expensive. The need to remove and replace a rejected alloplastic graft or implant increases costs for the patient and prolongs the time the patient must endure the defect of concern. For patients that are successful with alloplasty, may experience long recovery times. This is because the patient's body needs to adapt to the foreign material and integrate the alloplastic implant or graft with its surrounding tissue.
The surgical technique of alloplasty if completed incorrectly can cause significant and irreversible damage to surrounding nerves by the improper placement of osteotomy. For example, in osteoplastic genioplasty, the risk of injuring a mental nerve is high. If the mental nerve injured or damaged, the lower lip and front of the chin can perceptually feel numb.
Complications
Although evidence gathered by case-by-case studies have proposed that alloplasty is a viable alternative to other forms of transplants, there can be complications. Alloplastic implants that are not thoroughly sanitised can be contaminated. Contaminated implants attached to a surface in the body creates an enclosed slimy matrix called biofilm, which protects bacterial organisms from the body's defence mechanisms and antibiotics. The bacteria can infect the bloodstream and cause body tissues to become dysfunctional and suppress the body's immune system. A suppressed immune system exacerbates the growth of invading bacteria. Infection is predominant cause of removal of alloplastic implants. A disadvantage of the removal of an infected implant is that bone defects that the implant was responsible for, continue to exist. Another complication is that some synthetic organic materials such as fisiograft, that are used to make alloplastic implants can be hydrolytically decomposed which “leads to a local acidulation of the tissue and causes an inflammatory reaction during absorption”. There can be complications with the long term function of alloplastic implants, if implants are poorly engineered and inadequately fixated. Improper fixation and numerous biomechanical and mechanical factors can contribute to the fracture of alloplastic implants or prostheses, loosening of alloplastic implants and reduced or complete loss of osseointegration. Biomechanical overload from the use of bone as leverage, creating leverage force, can place enormous stress on the implant as well as the bone–implant interface.
References
Plastic surgery
Hyagnis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Hyagnis aethiopicus Breuning, 1974
Hyagnis apicatus Holzschuh, 1984
Hyagnis basicristatus Breuning, 1949
Hyagnis bimaculatus Hüdepohl, 1995
Hyagnis bootangensis Breuning, 1969
Hyagnis brevipes Breuning, 1939
Hyagnis chinensis Breuning, 1961
Hyagnis fistularius Pascoe, 1864
Hyagnis gabonicus Breuning, 1939
Hyagnis indicus Breuning, 1969
Hyagnis insularis Báguena & Breuning, 1958
Hyagnis kashmirensis Breuning, 1939
Hyagnis meridionalis Breuning, 1969
Hyagnis pakistanus Breuning, 1975
Hyagnis persimilis Breuning, 1939
Hyagnis spinipes Breuning, 1962
Hyagnis stramentosus Breuning, 1942
Hyagnis strandiellus Breuning, 1942
Hyagnis sumatrensis Breuning, 1982
Hyagnis sybroides Breuning, 1939
Hyagnis vagemaculatus Breuning, 1938
References
Cerambycidae genera
Kathleen Cody (born October 30, 1954), often credited as Kathy Cody, is an American actress. She is best known for her role as the characters Hallie Stokes and Carrie Stokes, on the television series Dark Shadows, appearing from June 1970 through April 1971. Her career in film and television lasted over 30 years.
Early life
Kathleen Cody was born on October 30, 1954, in the Bronx, New York. She is the daughter of James and Mary Cody. She attended Manhattan's Professional Children's School.
When she was 18 years old, Cody moved from New York to Los Angeles to pursue her acting career in a greater capacity. She appeared in over ten television network series and seven major motion pictures.
Career
Modeling
Cody appeared in her first television commercial when she was six months old and continued to work steadily as a child fashion model. She appeared in television commercials, including one with Louis Armstrong. She also appeared in commercial advertisements and on magazine covers, modeling for New York photographers, including Richard Avedon and Francesco Scavullo.
Theatre
When Cody was seven years old, she was cast in the theatre production of Uncle Willie, with Menasha Skulnik at the Coconut Grove Playhouse in Miami, Florida.
In 1963, at the age of nine, Cody was named one of the original cast members of the Broadway show Here's Love, appearing in the role of Hendrika. The musical production was written by Meredith Willson, who earlier wrote The Music Man and The Unsinkable Molly Brown. Here's Love was an adaptation of the film Miracle on 34th Street and was introduced at the Sam S. Shubert Theatre on Broadway in NYC. Cody's costars included Janis Paige, Craig Stevens, Laurence Naismith, Fred Gwynne, and Dom DeLuise. During the play, Cody had a duet on the song, "The Bugle", with Naismith, who played the role of Kris Kringle. Cody remained with the production for the entire run, last appearing on July 25, 1964, when the play eventually closed after 334 shows and two previews.
Television appearances
In 1965, Cody started her daytime television career with regular long running parts on the CBS daytime soap operas The Edge of Night as Laurie Ann Karr, As the World Turns as Sally Graham, and The Secret Storm as Cecilia, before becoming a regular cast member of the ABC gothic soap opera, Dark Shadows. She also appeared in the first episode of the Peter Falk TV Series, The Trials of O'Brien, titled "Over Defense Is Out". She made special appearances on the Jackie Gleason Show, Perry Como Show, Jan Murray Show, and The Bell Telephone Hour Christmas Special with Florence Henderson.
In 1967, Cody was cast as Betty Parris, in David Susskind's television production of Arthur Miller's The Crucible, which starred George C. Scott, Melvyn Douglas, Colleen Dewhurst, and Tuesday Weld. In 1967, the show was nominated for, and won three Emmy Awards for Best Actor George C. Scott, Best Actress Colleen Dewhurst, and Best Director Alex Segal.
Upon completion of The Crucible, Cody was cast in a PBS special, the novelist and playwright, Colette's 1922 play, My Mother's House (originally entitled La Maison de Claudine), starring Dewhurst. The play was written as an homage to Colette's mother, Adèle Eugénie Sidonie "Sido" Colette. The story follows Colette as she reminisces about her childhood and her relationship with her mother. Cody portrayed the playwright, Colette, from adolescence up through the author's teenage years. In 1968, the show was nominated for three Emmy Awards.
Cody has guest-starred in numerous prime-time television shows, including 3 episodes of Gunsmoke with actors James Arness, James Whitmore, Richard Jaeckel, Buck Taylor, Nicholas Hammond and Louise Latham; The Partridge Family with David Cassidy; Doc Elliot with James Farentino; the Love, American Style segment "Love and the Model Apartment" with Davy Jones as her newlywed husband; Barbary Coast with William Shatner and Doug McClure; The Waltons with Richard Thomas, Ralph Waite, and Will Geer; Cannon, guest-starring in a dual role with William Conrad, Mitch Ryan, and Ralph Meeker; Three for the Road with Vincent Van Patten; and Barnaby Jones with Buddy Ebsen and Kristoffer Tabori; and Dirty Sally with Jeanette Nolan.
In 1976, Cody was cast in the starring role of "Snowy" in a pilot television series, entitled The Cheerleaders, which was directed by Richard Crenna. The show was a situation comedy about the "misadventures of Snowy, B.J., and Beverly, three fun-loving high school girls. The pilot episode focuses on the girls, members of the cheerleading team, as they perform embarrassing pledge week antics for a sorority house they hope to join." The story takes place in a small California town during the 1950s. Starring alongside Cody were Debbie Zipp, Theresa Medaris, Mary Kay Place and Darel Glaser. The show was broadcast on August 2, 1976.
Film appearances
In 1973, Cody left New York to appear in her first Hollywood film, Hot Summer Week (later entitled Girls on the Road), along with Ralph Waite and Michael Ontkean, who was also making his American film debut. Cody's appearance in Hot Summer Week prompted Walt Disney Studios to invite her to screen-test for work with their studios. The successful audition resulted in Disney Studios signing her to a three-picture contract. She was the last actress signed to a contract by Disney Studios, since Annette Funicello.
Snowball Express, directed by Norman Tokar, was the first film Cody completed for Disney Studios and was followed by Charley and the Angel, directed by Vincent McEveety and starring Fred MacMurray and Cloris Leachman as her parents, as well as Harry Morgan. Her love interest was portrayed by Kurt Russell. In 1974, Leachman was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for her portrayal of Nettie Appleby in the film. The film was released on March 23, 1973. However, the film was a major flop for Walt Disney Productions, with negative reviews and a huge financial loss.
Cody completed her three-picture deal with Disney, appearing in the film Superdad, again directed by Vincent McEveety. She starred in the film along with Bob Crane and Barbara Rush, as her parents. The film also starred Kurt Russell, portraying Cody's love interest for the second time, and Bruno Kirby and Ed Begley, Jr. The film was released on December 14, 1973.
In 1972, Cody relocated to Los Angeles. She co-starred in three television Movies of the Week. She first appeared in a remake of the 1945 film Double Indemnity, which originally starred Fred MacMurray and Barbara Stanwyck. Cody portrayed the character Lola Dietrickson, while in 1945, the role was played by Jean Heather. The 1972 adaptation starred Richard Crenna, Lee J. Cobb, and Samantha Eggar.
In 1975, Cody appeared in her second telemovie, Babe, a biographical film about Babe Didrikson, who was named the 10th Greatest North American Athlete of the 20th Century by ESPN, and the ninth Greatest Athlete of the 20th Century by the Associated Press. Written by Joanna Lee, the film was an adaptation of Didrikson's autobiography, entitled, This Life I've Led. Directed by Buzz Kulik, the film starred Susan Clark in the title role, for which she won an Emmy for her performance. Alex Karras appeared in the film as Babe's husband, while Cody appeared in the supporting role of Sue Ellen.
In 1975, Cody appeared in the Vincent McEveety-directed film The Last Day, starring Richard Widmark, Barbara Rush, Tim Matheson and Robert Conrad. Cody appeared in the supporting role of Julia Johnson as Matheson's love interest. The western-genre film was released on February 15, 1975.
While she had previously retired from acting, relocating from Los Angeles to Jacksonville, Florida, Cody responded to a 1987 call for local actors to appear in the Peter Bogdanovich directed film Illegally Yours. She was cast in a minor supporting role in the film, which starred Rob Lowe, Colleen Camp, and Kenneth Mars. The film was released on May 13, 1988.
Personal life
In 1975, Cody returned to the east coast, settling in Connecticut. She married in 1979 and in 1981, her daughter, Megan, was born. In 1983, she returned to Los Angeles, when she was cast in the Stephen J. Cannell television series, The Rousters, starring Chad Everett, Jim Varney, and Mimi Rogers. When the series was cancelled after one season, Cody moved to Florida.
In 2010, Cody appeared at the annual Dark Shadows Festival convention in Burbank, California, as one of the original cast members of the cult classic daytime drama. Alternating between Los Angeles and New York, the event is an annual, three-day fan festival that has been held every year since 1983.
, Cody lived in Florida with her partner, Jahn Avarello, until his death, September 20, 2012. Avarello and Cody both attended Manhattan's Professional Children's School where they first met in 7th Grade. In August 2011, Cody appeared at the 45th Anniversary of the Dark Shadows Festival with Avarello by her side. The Festival was held in New York City.
Filmography
Television credits
Film credits
References
External links
American television actresses
Living people
1954 births
20th-century American actresses
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American people of Irish descent
Female models from New York (state)
People from the Bronx
Actresses from New York City
American soap opera actresses
21st-century American women
George Alfred Lefroy (August 1854 – 1 January 1919) was an eminent Anglican priest and missionary in India during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Lefroy was born into an eminent Irish family in County Down in August 1854: his father was Jeffrey Lefroy, Dean of Dromore, and his grandfather, Thomas Langlois Lefroy, Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, Ireland. He was educated at Marlborough and Trinity College, Cambridge and ordained in 1879. He joined the Cambridge Mission to Delhi the same year and eventually became head of the SPG Mission in Delhi. In 1899 he became Bishop of Lahore. Translated to become Bishop of Calcutta in 1912. Lefroy was known for his regular participation in public religious debates and for his lectures among Muslims and Hindus. He also joined fellow missionary C. F. Andrews in opposing western racism towards Indians. He became a Doctor of Divinity (DD) and died in post on 1 January 1919.
Works
References
1854 births
1919 deaths
People educated at Marlborough College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Irish expatriate Protestant bishops
Irish Anglican missionaries
British Anglican missionaries
Anglican missionaries in India
Anglican missionaries in Pakistan
Anglican bishops of Lahore
Anglican bishops of Calcutta
19th-century Anglican bishops in Asia
20th-century Anglican bishops in Asia
The Veracruz montane forests () is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion in eastern Mexico. It includes a belt of montane tropical forest on the eastern slope of the southern Sierra Madre Oriental and eastern Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt ranges. These forests lie between the lowland Veracruz moist forests and the pine-oak forests of the higher mountains.
The Veracruz montane forests are the northernmost tropical montane moist forests in North America.
Flora
The forests are composed of evergreen broadleaf trees, which form a closed canopy. Epiphytes, including orchids, bromeliads, mosses, and lichens, are abundant.
The upper and lower montane forests vary somewhat in species composition. Lower montane forests predominate between 1,250 and 1,630 meters elevation. Characteristic trees are Clethra macrophylla, Liquidambar styraciflua, and Turpinia insignis, with Quercus sartorii, Quercus xalapensis, Carpinus tropicalis, and others.
In the upper montane forests Prunus rhamnoides and Quercus corrugata are the predominant species from 1800 to 2250 meters elevation, together with Cleyera theaeoides, Ternstroemia sylvatica, Weinmannia intermedia, Clethra schlechtendalii, and others. Forests dominated by Fagus grandifolia also grow in the upper montane zone, mostly between 1800 and 1900 meters elevation, with Ternstroemia sylvatica, Vaccinium leucanthum, Persea americana, and Oreopanax xalapensis.
Fauna
Mammals native to the ecoregion include the six species of large cats – jaguar (Panthera onca), ocelot (Leopardus pardalus), margay (Leopardus weidii), puma (Puma concolor), jaguarundi (Herpailurus yagouaroundi), and bobcat (Lynx rufus). Hoofed mammals include the white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), red brocket (Mazama americana), and collared peccary (Tayassu tajacu). other mammals include the ringtail (Bassariscus astutus), long-tailed weasel (Neogale frenata), kinkajou (Potos flavus), tayra (Eira barbara), Mexican tree porcupine (Coendou mexicanus), nine-banded armadillo (Dasypus novemcinctus), and northern tamandua (Tamandua mexicana).
Native birds include the military macaw (Ara militaris), great curassow (Crax rubra), crested guan (Penelope purpurascens), white-crowned parrot (Pionus senilis), red-tailed hawk (Buteo jamaicensis), and many neotropical migratory birds.
Protected areas
A 2017 assessment found that about 40% of the ecoregion is still forested. 303 km², or 6%, of the ecoregion is in protected areas. Protected areas include the Sierra Gorda Biosphere Reserve, Zacatepec Ecological Conservation Area, Chicamole Ecological Conservation Area, Finca Tegolome Ecological Reserve, Zona Protectora Forestal Vedada Cuenca Hidrográfica del Río Necaxa Natural Resources Protection Area (which is also a Ramsar Site), and the Cacalotepec fracción primera y fracción segunda and Área de Preservación de la Naturaleza y Zona de Usos Múltiples para el Ecoturismo Kolijke voluntary conservation areas.
See also
List of ecoregions in Mexico
External links
References
Ecoregions of Mexico
Montane forests
Natural history of Hidalgo (state)
Natural history of Puebla
Natural history of Veracruz
Neotropical tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Cloud forests of Mexico
Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Criminology. The journal's editors Jean McGloin (University of Maryland) and Chris Sullivan (Texas State University). It has been in publication since 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency (JRCD) publishes articles, research notes and review essays within the criminal justice field. The journal provides an international forum for exploring the social, political and economic contexts of criminal justice and the discussion and dissemination of research and studies within the field.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 2.889, ranking it 7 out of 61 journals in the category ‘Criminology & Penology'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Criminology journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1964
The Elamite rock relief in Naqsh-e Rostam is the oldest rock relief in Naqsh-e Rostam, belonging to the Elam culture. Bahram II, the Sasanian king, has destroyed this rock relief and carved his own relief on it. But small sections of the Elamite relief is still preserved. Scholars do not have consensus about the date of this relief. Ernst Herzfeld and Heidemarie Koch have suggested that the date of the relief is 4,000 years ago. However Alireza Shapour Shahbazi and Isa Behnam have suggested 1,200 BC as the date of this Elamite relief. The relief shows a god and a goddess seating on a throne. The legs of the throne are twisted with some snakes. On the right, there's a complete figure of a man with beard and long hairs. He has put his hands on his chest as a sign of respect to the god that once had existed in front of him, but now is completely destructed. On the left side, there's a figure of a woman with crown. It is believed that these man and woman are king and queen respectively and are worshiping the god and goddess. Small sections of God and Goddess figures are still visible, but can't be recognized duo to the destruction.
References
Elam
Archaeological sites in Iran
Naqsh-e Rustam
"Si Tú Supieras" () is a song written by Kike Santander and performed by Mexican recording artist Alejandro Fernández. It was co-produced by Santander and Emilio Estefan and was released as the first single from Me Estoy Enamorando by Sony Music Mexico on 18 August 1997. The song is a bolero-pop ballad with ranchera influences and portrays the singer yearning for his lover to know how much she means to him. A music video was made for the track and was used as the main theme for the Mexican telenovela María Isabel.
It reached the top of the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in the United States and spent a total of six weeks at this position. The recording led to Fernández winning the Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Song of the Year and the Eres awards for Best Song and Best Musical Theme in 1998 while Santander received the BMI Latin Award for Song of the Year in 1999. "Si Tú Supieras" has been covered by other artists including Tony Vega, Manuel Mijares, Noel Schajris, and Chamin Correa. Vega's version peaked at number five on the Hot Latin Songs chart in the US.
Background and composition
Since 1992 Alejandro Fernández established his music career as a ranchera singer like his father, iconic ranchera singer, Vicente Fernández. His previous albums, Alejandro Fernández (1992), Piel De Niña (1993), Grandes Éxitos a la Manera de Alejandro Fernández (1994), Que Seas Muy Feliz (1995), and Muy Dentro de Mi Corazón (1996), helped solidify Fernández as a ranchera singer. Although his last album, Muy Dentro de Mi Corazón, was a success, Fernández did not want to simply record another ranchera album. "If I had released another album of just rancheras, people would have just expected the same thing, and then they would have begun to judge me by that one [musical] theme", Fernández explained. He also noted bolero's popularity on radio stations and cited his waning radio airplay. After listening to Mi Tierra by Gloria Estefan, Fernández sought Estefan's husband Emilio Estefan to have him produced Fernández's next album. After hearing Fernández's proposal, Emilio Estefan agreed on the idea to produce the album. Recording took place at Estefan's Crescent Moon Studios in Miami, Florida.
"Si Tú Supieras", along with the other tracks in the album, is a bolero-pop ballad song with ranchera influences. It was written by Colombian songwriter Kike Santander and co-produced by Santander and Estefan. In the lyrics, the protagonist yearns for his love interest to understand how much he loves her. The song was featured as the opening theme for the Mexican telenovela María Isabel. Fernández performed the song live during his promotional tour for Me Estoy Enamorando. A live version of "Si Tú Supieras" was included on the album Confidencias Reales: En Vivo Desde el Teatro Real (2014). The track was also added to the compilation albums 15 Años de Éxitos (2007) and Más Romantico Que Nunca: Sus Grandes Éxitos Romanticos (2010).
Reception
"Si Tú Supieras" was released on 18 August 1997. In the United States, it debuted at number five on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart on the week of 20 September 1997. It reached number one on the chart, replacing "La Venia Bendita" by Marco Antonio Solís, and spent five weeks on top of this chart until it was succeeded by Cristian Castro's song "Lo Mejor de Mí. It later reached number one again on the week of 3 January 1998 and was succeeded by Fernández and Gloria Estefan's song "En El Jardín". The track also reached on top of the Latin Pop Songs chart where it spent two weeks in this position. "Si Tú Supieras" ended 1998 as the second best-performing Latin song of the year in the US. In November 1999, "Si Tú Supieras" was labeled as one of the "hottest tracks" for Sony Discos in a list including the most successful songs released by the label since the launching of the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart in 1986. In 2016, "Si Tú Supieras" ranked number three on Billboard'''s Greatest of All Time Hot Latin Songs chart.
Knight Ridder music critic Howard Cohen called it a "mellow" song. Eliseo Cardona of El Nuevo Herald highlighted "Si Tú Supieras" as one of the boleros where Fernández performs with "intensity and passion". At the 10th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards in 1998, it won the award Pop Song of the Year. At the 1998 Premios Eres, it won the awards for Best Song and Best Musical Theme (for its usage on María Isabel). "Si Tú Supieras" also led to Santander receiving the BMI Latin Award for Song of the Year in 1999.
Music video
The music video begins with Fernández watching a video in his house which shows him and his childhood friend on a movie projector screen when they were younger. He then proceeds to go on a double date with his friend in a café and meet each other's lover. His friend's lover becomes infatuated with Fernández and the two become enamored with each other. Although the relationship between the two grows, Fernández realizes that it would only hurt his childhood friend and decides to break away from her.
Cover versions
In 1998, Puerto Rican salsa singer Tony Vega covered "Si Tú Supieras" on his album Hoy Quiero Cantarte. It was released as a single for the album and peaked at number five on the Hot Latin Songs chart. Mexican recording artist Manuel Mijares recorded his version of the song on his album Vivir Así (2009). Argentine-Mexican singer Noel Schajris covered the track on his album Grandes Canciones (2011). AllMusic editor Jon O'Brien criticized Schajris for choosing to "play it safe with perfunctory covers of drippy romantic ballads" with "Si Tú Supieras" being cited as one of the examples. Mexican guitarist Chamin Correa performed an instrumental version on his album Cuerdas Amor Y Guitarra, Vol. 2 (1997).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Personnel
Credits adapted from the Estoy Enamorando'' liner notes.
Alejandro Fernández – vocals
Kike Santander – songwriting and arranger
René Toledo – twelve-string guitar
Luis Enrique – percussion
Archie Peña – maracas and drums
See also
Billboard Top Latin Songs Year-End Chart
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1997
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1998
List of Billboard Latin Pop Airplay number ones of 1997
References
1997 singles
1997 songs
1998 singles
1990s ballads
Alejandro Fernández songs
Boleros
Pop ballads
Songs written by Kike Santander
Song recordings produced by Emilio Estefan
Song recordings produced by Kike Santander
Sony Music Mexico singles
Spanish-language songs
Tony Vega songs
Telenovela theme songs
The 1994 Malta International Football Tournament (known as the Rothmans Tournament for sponsorship reasons) was the seventh edition of the Malta International Tournament. The competition was played between 8 and 12 February, with games hosted at the National Stadium in Ta' Qali.
Matches
Winner
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Cyprus International Football Tournament
References
1993–94 in Maltese football
1993–94 in Slovenian football
1994 in Russian football
1994 in Icelandic football
1994
Octavius Goldney Radcliffe, born at North Newnton, Wiltshire on 20 October 1859 and died on 13 April 1940, played first-class cricket for Somerset and Gloucestershire.
References
1859 births
1940 deaths
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
North v South cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Gentlemen of the South cricketers
Wiltshire cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
C. I. Thornton's XI cricketers
Jean-René Cazalets is a neuroscientist and the director of the Institut de Neurosciences Cognitives et Intégratives d'Aquitaine (INCIA, CNRS UMR5287) at the University of Bordeaux. He obtained his PhD in 1987 for research done on the nervous system of lobsters.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
French neuroscientists
Helcystogramma ribbeella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Zeller in 1877. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1877
ribbeella
Moths of Central America
Wilchar (died 786/787) was the archbishop of the province of the Gauls, succeeding Chrodegang after 766 as the leading bishop in the kingdom of the Franks. Before receiving the pallium, he ruled a suburbicarian diocese in Rome. As archbishop, he held the diocese of Sens for a time (762/769–772/778) and afterwards held authority over all Gaul without a fixed see.
Over several decades, Wilchar played a diplomatic role between Francia and Rome. He helped Charlemagne become king of the whole kingdom after the death of his brother in 771. In the 780s, he dispatched a missionary bishop to the church in Spain, but the project ended in failure.
Bishop of Mentana
Wilchar's life and career are poorly documented. He was either a Frank or a Lombard, possibly from the vicinity of Rome. He was the bishop of Mentana from not earlier than November 751 and not later than 753 until the 760s, succeeding Benedict. Five letters in the Codex Carolinus refer to Wilchar as coepiscopus (co-bishop), the title in the eighth century of those bishops that would in the future be known as cardinals. He is the first recorded coepiscopus–cardinal with a Germanic name. The diocese of Mentana at the time straddled the boundary between the duchy of Rome and the duchy of Spoleto and contained a significant Lombard population.
Between 754 and 761, Wilchar travelled between Rome and Francia as a diplomat. He accompanied Pope Stephen II on his visit to Francia in 754. He remained at the court of Pippin III until 757, when Stephen requested his return. In 758, Pope Paul I sent him back to Pippin, who, in 761, sent him back to Paul bearing a royal letter. Not long after, Paul sent him back to Pippin, authorized to consecrate as bishop a Roman priest named Marinus who was resident at the Frankish court. Since a bishop could not normally be consecrated except by three bishops, Wilchar received a dispensation to perform the consecration by himself.
Bishop of Sens
In Paul's letter authorizing Wilchar to consecrate Marinus, the bishop is not referred to as coepiscopus, indicating that he had already been translated to the diocese of Sens in Francia. This most likely took place in 762 or 763. In a list of Sens bishops, Wilchar comes after Lupus, who is known from other documents to have still been bishop in 762 but is not mentioned thereafter.
In the division of the kingdom of Pippin III between his sons, Charles I (Charlemagne) and Carloman I, Wilchar's diocese fell to Carloman. According to the Royal Frankish Annals, "he was Carloman's man". He may he even have been a kinsman of Carloman's trusted counsellor Autchar, both of whom travelled frequently between Francia and Rome. Wiilchar went on diplomatic missions for Pope Paul I and kings Pippin III and Charles I.
Wilchar attended the Lateran Council of 769, where he was a prominent voice concerning the Antipope Constantine II at the first session. In the Liber pontificalis and in the acts of the council, his full title is given as "archbishop of the province of the Gauls from the city of Sens". Although he retained the archiepiscopal title until the end of his career, he does not seem to have remained bishop of Sens for much longer. The list of Sens bishops names five bishops between him and Beornred, who was bishop by 785 or 786 at the latest.
In December 771, Carloman died. Wilchar, Abbot Fulrad, the notary Maginarius and the counts Warin and Adalhard met with Charles at Corbeny later that month. There, according to the Earlier Metz Annals, Wilchar and Fulrad anointed him as monarch over the whole kingdom. This ceremony may have been arranged by Wilchar, still bishop of Sens, "to show his elevated archiepiscopal status". He was at the time the only archbishop in Gaul. All the former metropolitan dioceses had seen a reduction in their status in the preceding centuries.
Archbishop of the Gauls
Wilchar's loss of his diocese may be linked to the death of Carloman. He remained, however, as an archbishop with authority in all Gaul but without a see. An identical position had been held by Boniface in 744–745 before the creation of the archbishopric of Mainz. Likewise, Wilchar was the "de facto successor to Chrodegang" at the head of the Frankish church. As archbishop, Wilchar may have consecrated Charles and his wife, Hildegard, as king and queen of the Lombards in Pavia in 774. He led another embassy to Rome in 775 and in 780 was recalled by Pope Hadrian I.
Sometime before 786, probably in 780 or 781, Wilchar, with papal permission, consecrated the Goth Egila as a peripatetic bishop in Spain. This is the second recorded time that Wilchar received authorization to consecrate a bishop by himself. The mission was a disaster. Archbishop Elipandus of Toledo accused Egila of falling in with the heretical sect of Migetius, while Elipandus was accused of adhering to Adoptionism. According to a letter of Hadrian in the Codex Carolinus, the mission was Wilchar's idea and he had assured the pope of Egila's theological bona fides. It is clear that Wilchar had the permission of Charles also for this mission and the king may even have been the initiator.
In 782, Mainz and Reims were raised to archbishoprics, but Wilchar retained this precedence as archbishop of the Gauls. He took part in the Council of Paderborn in 785. While there, he and Bishop Angilramn of Metz issued a privilege for the monastery of Salonnes, a dependency of Saint-Denis. He died in 786 or 787.
Bishop of Vienne and Sion?
Wilchar is sometimes identified with the person of the same name recorded as archbishop of Vienne during the time of Pope Gregory III (731–741) and later than bishop of Sion. This person would have received the pallium in 731 and been still living in 791. The Royal Frankish Annals expressly call him "bishop of Sion" (Sitten), but this is usually regarded as an error for Sens.
As bishop of Sion, Wilchar is also sometimes identified with the abbot of Saint-Maurice d'Agaune in 773.
Notes
References
Bibliography
780s deaths
8th-century Frankish bishops
Archbishops of Sens
Mobarakeh is a city in Isfahan Province, Iran.
Mobarakeh or Mobarkeh or Mobarekeh () may refer to:
Mobarakeh, Qir and Karzin, Fars Province
Mobarakeh, Sepidan, Fars Province
Mobarakeh, Isfahan
Mobarakeh, Ardestan, Isfahan Province
Mobarakeh, Tiran and Karvan, Isfahan Province
Mobarakeh, Bardsir, Kerman Province
Mobarakeh, Sirjan, Kerman Province
Mobarakeh 2, Khuzestan Province
Mobarakeh 3, Khuzestan Province
Mobarakeh, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Mobarakeh, Bafq, Yazd Province
Mobarakeh, Marvast, Khatam County, Yazd Province
Mobarakeh, Taft, Yazd Province
Mobarakeh County, in Isfahan Province
Mobarakeh Rural District, in Yazd Province
The Implementation Rules are regulations of the PRC, which set the framework of the valid product standards. For each product group there is a specific implementation rule, which is set by the Chinese authorities.
Content of the Implementation Rules
The Implementation Rules include 12 or 13 chapters, which determine the scope of the product certification. The following table provides an overview of the most common contents of the Implementation Rules:
Scope
Terms and definitions
Standards for certification
Certification pattern
Individual product units
Certification commission
Certification procedure
Certificates
Approval procedure
Certification logo
Fees
Responsibilities
Certification rules
Update of the Implementation Rules
In 2014, the Implementation Rules have been updated, so that from 2015 some changes have come into effect. For example, some product groups, which were previously grouped under one Implementation Rule, are now divided and subject to some different Implementation Rules. Furthermore, new products have been added, which are now subject to the mandatory certification. Further factory levels were introduced, so that the companies that carry out a product certification will be assigned a level (A-D) in future. Companies that receive particularly positive results on their products certification will receive level A.
See also
Standardization
Certification
External links
承担强制性产品认证工作的认证机构及其业务范围 (business scope of certification bodies undertaken product certifications)
References
Technical specifications
Standards of the People's Republic of China
Regulation in China
McCulley Township is a former township of Emmons County, North Dakota, United States that was located in public land survey Township 134N, Range 76W. The township disbanded on March 1, 1998, and is now part of the unorganized territories of Northeast Emmons and West Emmons. Its last recorded population before dissolving was 79 during the 1990 Census.
References
External links
Official map by the United States Census Bureau; Emmons County listed on page 7
Defunct townships in North Dakota
Former townships in Emmons County, North Dakota
Darkwing Duck is a platform video game developed and published by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992. It was based on the Disney animated television series Darkwing Duck. It was ported to the Game Boy in 1993.
Plot
A mysterious crime wave has hit St. Canard and S.H.U.S.H. requires the services of the caped crime fighter Darkwing Duck to stop it as it appears that F.O.W.L. and their valued operative Steelbeak is behind the uprising. They have hired six of Darkwing's greatest foes to wreak havoc in different areas throughout St. Canard. Darkwing must subdue each of these criminals in order to find Steelbeak and save the city.
Gameplay
Darkwing Duck is a platform game with a couple of elements similar to Capcom's Mega Man video game series. The gameplay is based on typical platforming while using a Gas Gun to take down enemies. The player may choose from three different stages at the start of the game with another set of three becoming available after that. Once all six stages are clear, Darkwing proceeds to F.O.W.L.'s Floating Fortress for his final confrontation with Steel Beak.
Darkwing begins with his standard Gas Gun but can collect different types of gas throughout each stage: Thunder, Heavy, and Arrow. Each special gas requires ammunition and take up different amounts and functions differently, but the player can only have one type of special gas at a time. Picking up a different type of special gas replaces the one Darkwing currently has. The player can freely switch between the special gas and the standard gas by hitting Select. Darkwing can also deflect certain projectiles with his cape by hitting Up on the control pad.
Release
The NES version was released in North America in June 1992, followed by a Game Boy version released in February 1993.
The NES version of the game was included alongside other games in The Disney Afternoon Collection compilation for PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in April 2017.
A sequel to the game featuring 16-bit styled graphics was pitched to Capcom by Headcannon, one of the developers of Sonic Mania. The pitch was ultimately rejected and Headcannon released their playable prototype online on January 7, 2019.
Reception
The game has been considered an example of the quality Disney games produced by Capcom. The game was received well by critics.
A reviewer for a Nintendo Magazine System UK noted that the Game Boy version of a game is different from "rest of the potboiler platformers gracing the Game Boy", and is "entertaining and varied". Entertainment Weekly gave the game a B and noted the similarities between the game and the Mega Man series. Nintendo Power ranked Darkwing Duck the third best Game Boy game of 1993.
Rejected sequel
In 2018, Aaron Sparrow, lead writer for The Duck Knight Returns comic, worked alongside Sonic Mania developer Headcannon (as well as its main developer Simon Thomley) and Disney comic artist James Silvani to create a proposal for Capcom to create a sequel to the NES video game Darkwing Duck. Simon had been interested in making a Darkwing Duck video game for a while. They were inspired to an extent by WayForward Technologies' DuckTales: Remastered, a remake of the NES DuckTales video game. Headcannon created a short prototype of the game as part of this, and those involved said they would be attempting to get every member of the TV show's voice cast as they could. Simon asked a Capcom representative about the prospects of a sequel, and in response to what seemed to be interest, they went to work on the project. Further communication did not have results, and they were advised that Disney was likely to turn down the idea regardless. Aaron and Simon went into detail about the proposal in 2019, when the demonstration was released on Headcannon's official website for people to download, though it is shorter due to the rejection.
Darkwing Duck uses pixel graphics, vintage music, and a two-dimensional perspective as well as similar gameplay to the original NES game with only a small number of changes and additions. The game featured a Game Boy Advance-like visual filter. It was meant to be either a spiritual sequel or, if Capcom desired, a remake of the original game in a similar style to DuckTales Remastered. The game would have featured animated art by James as well as fully voiced motion comics in between the stages. It would have taken place between the original TV show and Aaron's comic, featuring Darkwing Duck villains Steelbeak, Taurus Bulba, and the Fearsome Five. The level in the demo is a sewer level.
USGamer writer Matt Kim expressed hope that the video of the proposal would renew interest. Kotaku's Ethan Gach notes that while the demo lacks polish, it has merit. They found the mouse and keyboard controls to be less than ideal and speculated that it may be why Capcom decided to pass on the project. They however felt that the sound and visuals demonstrated a passion for the NES game by the people involved. Writer William Usher was critical of the decision to set the prototype in a sewer and stated that it did not immediately appeal to them as a result, but felt that the prototype was still polished.
See also
List of Disney video games
Darkwing Duck (TurboGrafx-16 video game)
References
Notes
External links
1992 video games
Disney games by Capcom
Disney video games
Video games based on Darkwing Duck
Game Boy games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Platform games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Yasuaki Fujita
The Seguros Bolívar Open San José is a tennis tournament held in San José, Costa Rica since 2011. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on hard courts.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
Official Site
ATP Challenger Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Costa Rica
Kfar Bialik (, lit. Bialik Village) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Bialik, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1934 on land owned by the Jewish National Fund by Jewish immigrants from Germany. It was named after Hayyim Nahman Bialik, who died the month before the moshav's establishment.
Notable residents
Eyal Eizenberg
Uri Sagi
References
External links
Official website
German-Jewish culture in Israel
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1934
1934 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Populated places in Haifa District
The Cathedral of St. Mark () also called Korčula Cathedral, is the Roman Catholic cathedral of Korčula, Croatia. It occupies an elevated position in the town centre.
Architecture and furnishings
The cathedral was built by local masters from the fifteenth century to the mid-sixteenth century. In 1557, an organ was placed in the cathedral. Tintoretto painted the altarpiece. The portal is the work of Bonino da Milano. A new organ was built in 1787 by Vinko Klisevic. In modern times, a bronze statue of Jesus Christ, the work of Croatian sculptor Frano Kršinić, was added to the baptistery.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dubrovnik
Roman Catholicism in Croatia
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Croatia
Korčula
Buildings and structures in Dubrovnik-Neretva County
Adriana Bertini is a Brazilian artist who creates dresses from quality-test rejected condoms. Inspired by the HIV-positive children she got to know while volunteering for an AIDS prevention group, Adriana has spent the last ten years creating the sculptural works that aim to convey her message that "condoms must be basic like a pair of jeans and so necessary like a great love."
One of her recent collections, Dress Up Against AIDS: Condom Couture, is an exhibition that ran through March 11 at UCLA's Fowler Museum in Los Angeles, California.
A collection of her works.
References
Brazilian artists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Angelico (Angelo) Carta (born 1886 in Riola Sardo) was an Italian military officer, best known for his actions during the Axis occupation of Crete in World War II.
Biography
Carta was an artillery officer and became commander of the 51st Infantry Division Siena on 7 January 1941. He participated in the Greco-Italian War and the Battle of Greece. After the Greek capitulation, the Siena Division was sent to the Peloponnese as an occupation force in Greece until late September 1941, when the division was transferred to Crete.
Carta in Crete
In 1943, Angelico Carta held the rank of Lieutenant general and still commanded the 51st Infantry Division Siena which was assigned to the occupation of the eastern Cretan provinces of Sitia and Lasithi. He was a royalist rather than a fascist and in contrast to the commanders of the German garrison in the western and central parts of Crete, he generally behaved with restraint to the local population.
Following the Armistice of Cassibile, Carta decided to side against the fascist Italian Social Republic. He contacted the Special Operations Executive (SOE) major Patrick Leigh Fermor through the division's counter-intelligence officer, arranging that he and members of his staff sympathetic to the Allies be smuggled to Egypt along with the defense plans for the east of the island. After abandoning his car north-east of the divisional headquarters in Neapoli as a diversion, Carta and his comrades set foot for south-west. Evading German patrols and observation planes he embarked a Motor Torpedo Boat at Tsoutsouro reaching Mersa Matruh the next afternoon, on 23 September 1943.
Carta in Sardinia
After his return to Italy, Carta became commander of the XIII Army Corps in November 1943, as replacement for general Gustavo Reisoli, who hadn't opposed the retreat of the German troops on the island to Corsica in September.
References
Sources
1886 births
Italian military personnel of World War II
Italian generals
Crete in World War II
Year of death missing
Italian occupation of Greece during World War II
Temósachic is a town and seat of the municipality of Temósachic, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town of Temósachic had a population of 1,841, up from 1,786 as of 2005.
Climate
References
Notes
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Canada competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan, from 24 August to 5 September 2021.
On August 8, 2021, the Canadian Paralympic Committee announced the final team of 128 athletes (57 men and 71 women) competing in 128 sports. A total of 113 coaches and support staff will also accompany the team.
On August 21, 2021, judoka Priscilla Gagné was announced as Canada's flagbearer during the opening ceremony.
Medalists
Competitors
The following is the list of athletes per sport/discipline.
Archery
Canada qualified one female archer. Karen Van Nest qualified by winning silver at the Pan American Championships in Monterrey, Mexico. This will make her sixth appearance at the Paralympic Games.
Athletics (track and field)
Canada's track and field team of 16 athletes (nine men and seven women) was announced on July 30, 2021.
Men's track
Men's field
Women's track
Women's field
Badminton
Canada qualified one female badminton athlete. Olivia Meier qualified to compete in the women's singles SL4 event. The appearance will also mark Canada's debut in the sport at the Paralympics.
Boccia
Canada qualified in BC4 & Individual BC2 events, they include Danik Allard, Iulian Ciobanu, Marco Dispaltro and Alison Levine.
Individual
Pairs
Cycling
Canada qualified a total of nine cyclists (five men and four women). Canada will compete in both disciplines (road and track), with four athletes Tristen Chernove, Ross Wilson, Kate O'Brien and Keely Shaw competing in both. The team was named on July 7, 2021. On August 30, 2021, Tristen Chernove withdrew from the Games after announcing his immediate retirement.
Road
Men
Women
Track
Pursuit
Time trial
Equestrian
Canada qualified a team of four equestrians. The team was officially named on July 20, 2021.
Individual
Team
Goalball
Summary
Women
The women's goalball team qualified by being one of two teams from the 2019 IBSA Goalball Paralympic Ranking Tournament to not have qualified through other tournaments.
Roster
Canada's roster of six athletes was named on June 24, 2021.
Brieann Baldock
Whitney Bogart
Amy Burk
Meghan Mahon
Emma Reinke
Maryam Salehizadeh
Group stage
Judo
Canada qualified one female judoka. Priscilla Gagné was officially named to the team on July 16, 2021.
Paracanoeing
Canada qualified four boats and three athletes (one man and two women). The team was announced on August 6, 2021. All three canoeists are making their Paralympic debut.
Paratriathlon
Canada qualified four triathletes (one man and three women). The team was officially named on July 12, 2021.
Rowing
Canada qualified two boats in mixed events for the games. The mixed coxed four crews qualified by winning the gold medal at the 2021 Final Qualification Regatta in Varese, Italy. While the mixed Double sculls received a bipartite commission invitation allocation. The team of seven rowers was announced on August 4, 2021.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Shooting
Canada qualified two shooters (one per gender) through bipartie slot allocations. The team was named on August 6, 2021.
Sitting volleyball
Summary
Women's tournament
The Canada women's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the 2020 World ParaVolley Final Paralympic Qualification Event held in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Roster
Canada's 11 member squad was named on July 22, 2021.
Angelena Dolezar
Danielle Ellis
Anne Fergusson
Julie Kozun
Jennifer Oakes
Heidi Peters
Amber Skyrpan
Payden Vair
Felicia Voss-Shafiq
Jolan Wong
Katelyn Wright
Group play
Swimming
Canada qualified nineteen swimmers: six male swimmers including Nicolas-Guy Turbide who won a bronze medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and thirteen female swimmers including Aurelie Rivard and Katarina Roxon who both won medals at the last Paralympic Games. Tess Routliffe was scheduled to compete but withdrew from the swimming team following an injury that occurred at the World Para Swimming World Series finale in Berlin, Routliffe's teammate Danielle Kisser replaced her.
Men
Women
Wheelchair basketball
Summary
Men's tournament
The men's team qualified by winning the silver medal at the 2019 Parapan American Games in Lima, Peru.
Roster
Canada's 12 team member squad was announced on July 19, 2021.
Patrick Anderson
Vincent Dallaire
Nik Goncin
Deion Green
Bo Hedges
Colin Higgins
Chad Jassman
Lee Melymick
Tyler Miller
Blaise Mutware
Garrett Ostepchuk
Jonathan Vermette
Women's tournament
The women's team qualified by winning the gold medal at the 2019 Parapan American Games in Lima, Peru.
Roster
Canada's 11 team member squad was announced on July 19, 2021.
Sandrine Bérubé
Kady Dandeneau
Danielle DuPlessis
Melanie Hawtin
Puisand Lai
Rosalie Lalonde
Tara Llanes
Cindy Ouellet
Tamara Steeves
Élodie Tessier
Arinn Young
Wheelchair fencing
Canada qualified four athletes (three men and one women). The team was officially named on July 9, 2021.
Wheelchair rugby
The Canadian team qualified for the games by winning the Final Qualification Tournament held in Richmond, British Columbia in March 2020.
Summary
Team roster
Canada's 12 team roster was announced on July 28, 2021.
Cody Caldwell
Patrice Dagenais
Eric Furtado-Rodrigues
Byron Green
Trevor Hirschfield
Fabien Lavoie
Anthony Létourneau
Zak Madell
Travis Murao
Patrice Simard
Shayne Smith
Mike Whitehead
Group stage
Wheelchair tennis
Canada qualified one wheelchair tennis athlete. Robert Shaw qualified by being ranked 9th in the world.
See also
Canada at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Canada at the 2019 Parapan American Games
Canada at the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
2020
2021 in Canadian sports
This is a timeline of events in the history of the Cherokee Nation, from its earliest appearance in historical records to modern court cases in the United States. Some basic content about the removal of other southeastern tribes to lands west of the Mississippi River is included. In a series of treaties, these tribes ceded land to the United States.
1540–1775
1775–1811
1811–1829
1830s
1830–1832
1833–1835
1836–1837
1838
1839–1840
1841–present
See also
Cherokee freedmen controversy
Cherokee removal
Cherokee treaties
Daniel Sabin Butrick (Buttrick), traveled with the Cherokee Nation on the Trail of Tears
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee
Trail of Tears
References
Bibliography
Alderman, Pat. Dragging Canoe: Cherokee-Chickamauga War Chief. (Johnson City: Overmountain Press, 1978).
Anderson, William L. Cherokee Removal: Before and After. (Athens: University of Georgia Press, 1992).
Baker, Jack, transcriber. Cherokee Emigration Rolls 1817–1835. (Oklahoma City: Baker Publishing Co., 1977).
Blankenship, Bob. Cherokee Roots, Volume 1: Eastern Cherokee Rolls. (Cherokee: Bob Blankenship, 1992).
Brown, John P. Old Frontiers: The Story of the Cherokee Indians from The Earliest Times to the Date of Their Removal to the West, 1838. (Kingsport: Southern Publishers, 1938).
Eckert, Allan W. A Sorrow in Our Heart: The Life of Tecumseh. (New York: Bantam, 1992).
Ehle, John. The Trail of Tears: The Rise and Fall of the Cherokee Nation. (New York: Doubleday, 1989).
Evans, E. Raymond. "Notable Persons in Cherokee History: Ostenaco". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 1, No. 1, pp. 41–54. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1976).
Evans, E. Raymond. "Notable Persons in Cherokee History: Bob Benge". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 1, No. 2, pp. 98–106. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1976).
Evans, E. Raymond. "Notable Persons in Cherokee History: Dragging Canoe". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 2, No. 2, pp. 176–189. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1977).
Evans, E. Raymond, and Vicky Karhu. "Williams Island: A Source of Significant Material in the Collections of the Museum of the Cherokee". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 9, No. 1, pp. 10–34. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1984).
Finger, John R. The Eastern Band of Cherokees 1819–1900. (Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1984).
Foreman, Grant. Indian Removal: The Emigration of the Five Civilized Tribes of Indians. (Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1932).
Haywood, W.H. The Civil and Political History of the State of Tennessee from its Earliest Settlement up to the Year 1796. (Nashville: Methodist Episcopal Publishing House, 1891).
King, Duane, ed. The Cherokee Indian Nation: A Troubled History. (Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1979).
King, Duane, and E. Raymond Evans. "The Trail of Tears: Primary Documents of the Cherokee Removal". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 3, No. 3, pp. 130–190. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1978).
Klink, Karl, and James Talman, ed. The Journal of Major John Norton. (Toronto: Champlain Society, 1970).
Lumpkin, Wilson. The Removal of the Cherokee Indians from Georgia. (New York: Augustus M. Kelley, 1907).
McLoughlin, William G. Cherokee Ghost Dance Movement of 1811–1813. (Macon: Mercer University Press, 1984).
McLoughlin, William G. Cherokee Renascence in the New Republic. (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1992).
Mooney, James. Myths of the Cherokee and Sacred Formulas of the Cherokee. (Nashville: Charles and Randy Elder-Booksellers, 1982).
Moore, John Trotwood and Austin P. Foster. Tennessee, The Volunteer State, 1769–1923, Vol. 1. (Chicago: S. J. Clarke Publishing Co., 1923).
Moulton, Gary E., ed. The Papers of John Ross, Cherokee Chief. (Athens: The University of Georgia Press, 1978).
Ramsey, James Gettys McGregor. The Annals of Tennessee to the End of the Eighteenth Century. (Chattanooga: Judge David Campbell, 1926).
Royce, Charles. The Cherokee Nation of Indians. (Chicago: Aldine Publishing Company, 1975).
Starr, Emmet. Starr's History of the Cherokee Indians. (Fayetteville: Indian Heritage Assn., 1967).
White, R. C. Cherokee Indian Removal from the Lower Hiwassie Valley. (Cleveland: Cleveland State Community College Press, 1973).
Wilkins, Thurman. Cherokee Tragedy: The Ridge Family and the Decimation of a People.. (New York: Macmillan Company, 1970).
External links
The Cherokee Nation
Annual report of the Bureau of Ethnology to the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution (1897/98: pt.1), Contains The Myths of The Cherokee, by James Mooney
Account of 1786 conflicts between Nashville-area settlers and natives (second item in historical column)
Emmett Starr's History of the Cherokee Indians
British North America
History of the Cherokee
History of Georgia (U.S. state)
History of Kentucky
History of North Carolina
History of Tennessee
History of Virginia
Native American history of Alabama
Native American history of Oklahoma
Native American history of South Carolina
Cherokee
Melt Bar and Grilled is a restaurant with nine main locations in Ohio that specializes in gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches and other comfort food favorites. The restaurant is owned and operated by Matt Fish, who is also the executive chef.
Melt has enjoyed notoriety both locally and nationally. Matt Fish's creations and the popular Cleveland restaurant have been featured in USA Today, Esquire Magazine, as one of the best sandwiches in America; and in National Culinary Review.
Locations
Main locations
Lakewood, opened in September 2006, at 14718 Detroit Avenue.
Independence, opened in October 2011, at 6700 Rockside Road.
Mentor, opened in November 2012, at 7289 Mentor Avenue.
Columbus (Short North), opened in November 2013, at 840 North High Street.
Columbus (Easton), opened in December 2014, at 4206 Worth Avenue.
Akron, opened in June 2016, at 3921 Medina Road.
Cedar Point, opened in May 2017, at 1 Cedar Point Drive.
Dayton, opened in June 2017, at 2733 Fairfield Commons.
Avon, opened in August 2017, at 35546 Detroit Road.
Canton, opened in November 2017, at 4230 Belden Village Mall Circle.
Satellite locations
Melt University, opened in August 2014, at the Tinkham Veale University Center at Case Western Reserve University.
Melt Ballpark, opened in April 2015, at Progressive Field.
Closed locations
Cleveland Heights, opened in May 2010, at 13463 Cedar Road.
Melt Public Square, opened in September 2016, at Café 200 Public Square.
Television appearances
Melt has been featured on several food-themed television shows. Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, with Guy Fieri, featured the original location in an episode that aired on February 8, 2010,
The Travel Channel show Man v. Food with Adam Richman also featured the original location in an episode that aired June 22, 2010.
In 2011, Melt was featured on the Food Network show The Best Thing I Ever Ate, in the messy food themed episode for their "Godfather" lasagna grilled cheese sandwich.
In 2012, Melt was featured in a cheese-themed episode of the Travel Channel's Amazing Eats, another Adam Richman-hosted show.
In 2013, Melt was featured in Cheese Paradise on the Travel Channel.
References
External links
Official Website
Restaurants in Ohio
Companies based in Ohio
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
Lakewood, Ohio
Restaurants established in 2006
Cheese retailers
The 1982 Volvo International was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in North Conway, New Hampshire in the United States and was part of the 1982 Volvo Grand Prix. It was the 10th edition of the tournament and was held from July 26 through August 2, 1982. Second-seeded Ivan Lendl won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Ivan Lendl defeated José Higueras 6–3, 6–2
It was Lendl's 10th title of the year and the 29th of his career.
Doubles
Sherwood Stewart / Ferdi Taygan defeated Pablo Arraya / Eric Fromm 6–2, 7–6(7–3)
It was Stewart's 7th title of the year and the 40th of his career. It was Taygan's 5th title of the year and the 14th of his career.
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Volvo International
Austria will be represented by 15 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Participants
Men
Track and field events
Field events
Combined events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Results
References
Participants list (men)
Participants list (women)
2010
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
European Athletics Championships
Jack Harrison may refer to:
Jack Harrison (American football) (1875–1952), American football coach and player
Jack Harrison (boxer) (1888–1970), English boxer
Jack Harrison (VC) (1890–1917), English recipient of the Victoria Cross in the First World War and rugby league player
Jack Harrison (footballer, born 1900) (1900–1982), Australian rules footballer for Essendon
Jack Harrison (RAF officer) (1912–2010), Scottish pilot in the Second World War and participant in the Great Escape
Jack Harrison (Australian footballer) (1915–1989), Australian rules footballer for Melbourne and North Melbourne
Jack Harrison (footballer, born 1916) (1916–?), English footballer
Jack Harrison (cricketer) (born 1995), English cricketer
Jack Harrison (footballer, born 1996), English footballer
Jack Harrison, character in the British TV series Hotel Babylon
See also
John Harrison (disambiguation)
The men's 400 metres event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 8, 9 and 11 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Mohammed Omar Mohammed Ahmed Al-Shaddadi, known as Mohammad Omar (, born November 11, 1976 in Dubai, UAE) is a retired Emirati footballer, serving as the CEO for Mumbai Tigers F.C. in India. He was the captain of the UAE national football team from 2002-2008. During his professional football career which spanned over 20 years he has played for many clubs including Al Wasl, Al Ain, Al Jazira, Al Dhafra, Al-Nasr, and Ajman Club. In Summer 2010, Omar announced that he would move back to the club that he started with, Al Wasl FC to play a final season and retire. In 2002, he joined Omani club, Dhofar and competed with them in the final of the Sultan Qaboos Cup, and scored the only goal for the team in a game which they eventually lost to neighbor's, Al-Nasr.
Mohammed Omar is the younger brother of the UAE's football legend Zuhair Bakhit.
International goals
Honors
Clubs
Al Wasl FC
UAE League : UAE Football League 1996–97
Al Ain FC
UAE League : 2001–02, 2002–03, 2003–04.
AFC Champions League : 2002–03.
UAE Super Cup: 2002/2003
International
Gulf Cup of Nations : 2007 (Champions).
Individual
UAE League : the second Top goalscorer 2008–09.
Gulf Cup of Nations as captain.
See also
List of men's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
Emirati footballers
Living people
Al Jazira Club players
Al-Wasl F.C. players
Al Ain FC players
Al Dhafra FC players
Ajman Club players
1976 births
Sportspeople from Dubai
FIFA Century Club
UAE Pro League players
Al-Nasr SC (Dubai) players
Association football forwards
Ada Gilmore (married name Ada Gilmore Chaffee; 1883–1955) was an American watercolorist and printmaker, one of the Provincetown Printers.
Early life and education
Gilmore was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan. As a pre-teen, she and her three siblings became orphaned, and she moved to Belfast, Ireland, to live with an aunt. She was a student at the Belfast School of Art, and then at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, from 1906 to 1912, under the tutelage of Robert Henri. There, she and her long-time companion Mildred McMillen first met.
After completing their studies, Gilmore and McMillen moved to Long Island and from there to Paris; In 1915, World War I forced them to return to the US and they settled in Provincetown, Massachusetts. With McMillen, Ethel Mars, and Maud Hunt Squire they formed a group known as the Provincetown Printers.
Career
In 1923, on another visit to Paris, Gilmore re-encountered Oliver Newberry Chaffee, Jr., who had studied with her under Robert Henri in New York City. They married in 1926, and under Chaffee's influence Gilmore began concentrating more on her painting and less on her prints.
Gilmore exhibited her prints at the 1915 Panama–Pacific International Exposition (PPIE). With the other members of the Provincetown Printers, she developed a new style of printmaking using multiple colors on a single printing block, separated by white lines. Her prints have been described as "softer and more imaginative than the severely geometric" prints of the other members of the collective.
Death and legacy
Gilmore and Chaffee returned to Provincetown in 1928 from France, where she died in 1955. Chaffee had died in 1944 in Asheville, North Carolina.
Gilmore's works are included in the collections of the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the National Gallery of Canada, the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, the Cleveland Museum of Art, the Indianapolis Museum of Art, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
References
1883 births
1955 deaths
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
20th-century American printmakers
American watercolorists
American women printmakers
20th-century American women artists
People from Kalamazoo, Michigan
American expatriates in France
Women watercolorists
Painters from Michigan
Students of Robert Henri
Lyudmyla Pushkina (; born October 2, 1965) is a female long-distance runner from Ukraine. She set her personal best (2:28:15) in the women's marathon on October 19, 2003 in Columbus, Ohio.
Achievements
References
marathoninfo
1965 births
Living people
Ukrainian female long-distance runners
Ukrainian female marathon runners
Bedford's paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone bedfordi) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae.
It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
Bedford's paradise flycatcher was originally described in the genus Trochocercus . Alternate names include the Duke of Bedford flycatcher and red-bellied paradise-flycatcher, the latter not to be confused with the species of the same name, Terpsiphone rufiventer.
References
Bedford's paradise flycatcher
Endemic birds of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Bedford's paradise flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Thomas Wegner Larsen Haaland (25 June 1862 – 12 July 1935) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Torvestad, he worked as a banker and farmer for the most of his career. He was a mayor of Torvestad from 1907. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1913, representing the constituency of Karmsund. He served only one term.
References
1862 births
1935 deaths
Members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Liberal Party (Norway) politicians
Norwegian bankers
Kerrine Bryan is an engineer and author from the United Kingdom. She is the founder of Butterfly Books and currently lives in New York with her husband and two daughters. She is a lead electrical engineer for WSP, a global engineering and professional services consultancy. Bryan is a volunteer mentor for the IET and a STEM Ambassador, with a passion for educating youngsters on careers for women in STEM.
Early life and background
Bryan is a third generation Jamaican. Bryan's grandparents moved to England in the 1950s as part of the Windrush Generation. Bryan was brought up in Birmingham, England. Bryan said: "Being one of very few black children in my school, my mother always told me that I would need to work twice as hard to get half the success of my friends. This thought has been with me throughout my entire life, and has pushed me to always give a little bit extra at school and at work, and to be the best I can be."
Education and early career
Bryan landed into engineering by accident. Bryan was advised by teachers that accountancy was the best job for a woman who was adept at maths. During her A-levels, Bryan's maths teacher suggested she consider Engineering. He encouraged her to apply for the engineering residential at Glamorgan University (Headstart Scheme), which is now run by the Engineering Trust. After a year of experience in the industry, she decided to pursue a degree in Engineering. Bryan graduated from the University of Birmingham in 2005 after a 4-year master's degree in Electronic Engineering with German. Bryan then directly secured a place on a graduate scheme at a large oil and gas contractor.
Advocacy for gender equality in STEM and publishing career
Bryan decided to volunteer doing talks about her job across the country to children. It was then that she got the idea to develop a range of children's books that could tackle some of the misconceptions about the profession, which she argues begin from a very early age.
"Picture books and rhyme are a brilliant way of communicating to children a positive message about all kinds of professions, especially STEM careers that are suffering skill gaps and diversity issues," said Bryan. "It's important both children and parents understand that these jobs are available and accessible to them – no matter what gender they are or what background they come from – and that the opportunity is there for the taking if they apply themselves, work hard and want it enough. The world is their oyster." Bryan became a mother to a little girl in 2016. Bryan then founded Butterfly Books with her brother Jason Bryan. The aim of these books were to create stories that will be a helpful teaching resource enabling children to see the opportunities available to them and eventually help close skills gaps and reduce gender bias in professions. Bryan has published five books as of 2019 under Butterfly Books, these include, My Mummy is an Engineer, My Mummy is a Plumber (2015), My Mummy is a Scientist (2016), My Mummy is a Farmer (2018) and her most recent My Mummy is a Soldier (2019).
Personal life
Kerrine lives in New York with her husband and two daughters. She is a current fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology
Awards
In 2014 Bryan was listed by Management Today Magazine and The Sunday Times as one of the UK's top 35 women in business under the age of 35, which highlighted her work as a lead engineer for a large North Sea Offshore oil platform project. Bryan is the 2015 PRECIOUS Award winner for outstanding woman in STEM. In 2016 Bryan was listed We are the City Rising Star Award Winner. In 2017 Bryan was listed by The Telegraph under the Top 50 Influential Women in Engineering.
Bryan has won multiple awards as an author. In 2015 in The Wishing Shelf Book Awards Bryan won a Bronze Medal in the category "Pre-school picture books" for My Mummy is an Engineer. In 2016 Shelf Unbound Notable 100 Winner (My Mummy is an Engineer). Bryan was also listed in the 2017 Purdue University Engineering Gift Guide for My Mummy is an Engineer.
References
Living people
British children's writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
British women engineers
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Fellows of the Institution of Engineering and Technology
British people of Jamaican descent
British electrical engineers
Janbaaz Sindbad is an Indian adventurous fantasy television series, which premiered on 27 December 2015, and is broadcast on Zee TV. The show is based on Sinbad the Sailor folktale and is produced by Sagar Pictures and Ashvini Yardi, Meenakshi Sagar. It was a weekly series airing on every Sunday nights. The show ended abruptly without completing the story due to the low TRP ratings, the last episode was telecasted on 28 February 2016.
Cast
Harsh Rajput as Sindbad
Mallika Singh as Ameen
Mamik Singh as Arslaan
Isha Chawla as Kaya
Gaurav Vasudev as Koshike
Mayur Verma as Pathan
Aryan Vaid as Zafar
Anirudh Dave as Zuhair / Zahid
Tarun Malhotra
Chetan Hansraj as Rawat
Deepshikha Nagpal
Mayur Verma as Pathan
Aishwarya Sharma Bhatt as Ameen's Mother
References
External links
Official website
2015 Indian television series debuts
2016 Indian television series endings
Hindi-language television shows
Television shows set in India
Indian fantasy television series
Indian children's television series
Zee TV original programming
Films based on Sinbad the Sailor
Tshekardocoleidae is an extinct family of beetles, known from the Permian. Like other primitive beetles, they are thought to have been xylophagous. The oldest known beetle, Coleopsis, was originally assigned to this family, but is now assigned to its own family Coleopseidae. They represent some of the earliest known beetles, first appearing during the Cisuralian, before becoming extinct at the beginning of the Guadalupian. A claimed Jurassic record is doubtful.
Taxonomy
Kirejtshuk (2020) included the following genera in Tshekardocoleidae
†Avocoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Avocoleus fractus (Type species)
†Avocoleus neglegens
†Boscoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Boscoleus blandus (Type species)
†Eocoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Eocoleus scaber (Type species)
†Moravocoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Moravocoleus permianus (Type species)
†Permocoleus - Midco Member (Permian, Artinskian ); Noble County, Oklahoma, USA
†Permocoleus wellingtoniensis (Type species)
†Prosperocoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Prosperocoleus prosperus (Type species)
†Retelytron - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Retelytron conopeum (Type species)
†Sylvacoleodes - Tshekarda site (Permian Kungurian ); Suksun, Perm Krai, Russia
†Sylvacoleodes admirandus (Type species)
†Sylvacoleus - Tshekarda site (Permian Kungurian ); Suksun, Perm Krai, Russia
†Sylvacoleus richteri (Type species)
†Sylvacoleus sharovi
†Tshekardocoleus - Tshekarda site (Permian Kungurian ); Suksun, Perm Krai, Russia
†Tshekardocoleus magnus (Type species)
†Tshekardocoleus minor
†Umoricoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Umoricoleus perplex (Type species)
†Votocoleus - Obora site (Permian Sakmarian ); Moravia, Czech Republic
†Votocoleus submissus (Type species)
The genus Uralocoleus had been placed in the family by some authors, but the type species Uralocoleus splendens was considered incertae sedis by Kirejtshuk (2020) as a possible beetle or cockroach. The second species placed in the genus "Uralocoleus" ultimus was rejected from placement in Uralocoleus and listed as "genus incertus" ultimus .
References
†
Prehistoric beetles
Gurabo () is a town and municipality in eastern Puerto Rico. It is located in the central eastern region, north of San Lorenzo; south of Trujillo Alto; east of Caguas; and west of Carolina and Juncos. Gurabo is spread over 9 barrios and Gurabo Pueblo (the downtown area and the administrative center of the city). It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Gurabo's history dates as far back as the 17th century, when it was actually part of Caguas. Then, the area was known as Burabo. By 1700, transportation, medical and economic troubles were crippling the population of the Burabo area; traveling to Caguas' center for business and medical help was not easy and took hours. This led many of Burabos citizens to seek autonomy for the area.
It would be long, however, before Gurabo was separated from Caguas. The separation movement was brought forward by an 1812 meeting of all 168 family leaders in Gurabo, who decided to have Luis del Carmen Echevarría lead them in their quest for independence, based on the large number of residents in Burabo.
In 1815, Gurabo became a municipality. In 1822, the first Catholic church in town was erected. In 1903, the first Baptist church opened its doors in Gurabo town.
Gurabo is also known as "La Ciudad de las Escaleras", or the "City of Stairs". Located in the town center district of El Cerro, the stairs (step streets) are about twenty-two floors high, and they are painted in bright colors.
Gurabo's mayor is Rosachely Rivera Santana.
The significant amount of rainfall from Hurricane Maria triggered numerous landslides in Gurabo on September 20, 2017. Many people had to be rescued from floods and 489 homes were destroyed.
Geography
Gurabo is located on the east side of Puerto Rico in the Caguas Valley.
Bodies of water
Located in Gurabo are a number of rivers, streams, and unnamed creeks.
The main river to cross the municipality is the Gurabo and a portion of the Loíza River runs through Gurabo.
In 2018, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced work would be done on Gurabo River.
Barrios
Like all municipalities of Puerto Rico, Gurabo is subdivided into barrios. The municipal buildings, central square and large Catholic church are located in a small barrio referred to as , located near the center of the municipality.
Celada
Gurabo barrio-pueblo
Hato Nuevo
Jaguar
Jaguas
Mamey
Masa
Navarro
Quebrada Infierno
Rincón
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores''' (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
Special Communities
(Special Communities of Puerto Rico) are marginalized communities whose citizens are experiencing a certain amount of social exclusion. A map shows these communities occur in nearly every municipality of the commonwealth. Of the 742 places that were on the list in 2014, the following barrios, communities, sectors, or neighborhoods were in Gurabo: El Cerro, Estancias de Hato Nuevo, and Villa Alegre.
Climate
Economy
Agriculture
Dairy farms
Industry
Manufacturing (metal, paper, plastics, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, textiles, electrical and electronic equipment, and electrical machinery).
Tourism
Landmarks and places of interest
Some landmarks and places of interest in Gurabo include:
- Exhibition Center
El Cerro
Former City Hall and Clock
Church of San José
Luis Muñoz Marín Plaza (main square of the downtown area)
- Mirador Estate
University of Turabo Museum
Cofresí Park
Culture
Festivals and events
Gurabo celebrates its patron saint festival in March. The is a religious and cultural celebration that generally features parades, games, artisans, amusement rides, regional food, and live entertainment.
Other festivals and events celebrated in Gurabo include:
, which roughly translates to the "Festival of the person who is down on their luck''". The seventh annual fair was held in May, 2017. With the assistance of a local bank, funds are collected to help any person in the community with severe medical needs.
Home Garden Festival (May)
Youth Festival (May)
Mapeyé Festival (October)
Sports
Gurabo has a baseball academy named Puerto Rico Baseball Academy and High School (PRBAHS).
Colegio Bautista de Gurabo (Sports: Volleyball, Soccer, Basketball, Softball, Track and Field.) colegiobautistadegurabo.com
Demographics
In 2000, Gurabo had a population of 36,743 and in 2010 it had a population of 45,369. In 2020, the population dropped to 40,622.
Government
Like all municipalities in Puerto Rico, Gurabo is administered by a mayor. The current mayor is Rosachely Rivera, from the New Progressive Party (PNP). Rivera was elected at the Gurabo mayor special election, 2017.
The city belongs to the Puerto Rico Senatorial district VII, which is represented by two Senators. In 2016, Miguel Laureano and José Luis Dalmau were elected as District Senators.
Transportation
There are 20 bridges in Gurabo.
Symbols
The has an official flag and coat of arms.
Flag
With eleven stripes, six green and five yellow, alternated, the yellow with the superior (top) edge indented forming a stairway.
Coat of arms
In a green field resides a widened gold patriarchal cross. Below the bottom arm are two shields in silver. The one on the left has a fleur de lis and the one on the right three lilies with stems in a natural way. Three towers in gold crown the shield.
Education
Ana G. Mendez University, Gurabo campus in Navarro
Puerto Rico Criminal Justice College - Gurabo campus (Puerto Rico Police Academy)
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
History of Puerto Rico
Did you know-Puerto Rico?
References
External links
Welcome to Puerto Rico! Gurabo
Municipalities of Puerto Rico
Populated places established in 1815
San Juan–Caguas–Guaynabo metropolitan area
1815 establishments in Puerto Rico
The 2012 Challenger Banque Nationale de Granby was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 19th edition, for men, and 2nd edition, for women, of the tournament and part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit, offering totals of $50,000, for men, and $25,000, for women, in prize money. It took place in Granby, Quebec, Canada between July 16 and July 22, 2012.
Men's singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 9, 2012
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Philip Bester
Frank Dancevic
Pavel Krainik
Samuel Monette
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Reid Carleton
Isade Juneau
Milan Pokrajac
Takao Suzuki
Champions
Men's singles
Vasek Pospisil def. Igor Sijsling, 7–6(7–2), 6–4
Women's singles
Eugenie Bouchard def. Stéphanie Dubois, 6–2, 5–2, retired
Men's doubles
Philip Bester / Vasek Pospisil def. Yuichi Ito / Takuto Niki, 6–1, 6–2
Women's doubles
Sharon Fichman / Marie-Ève Pelletier def. Shuko Aoyama / Miki Miyamura, 4–6, 7–5, [10–4]
External links
Official website
Challenger Banque Nationale de Granby
Challenger Banque Nationale de Granby
Challenger de Granby
Challenger Banque Nationale de Granby
was formed in 2012 by the merger of the old Nippon Steel and Sumitomo Metal. was established in 1970 by the merger of Fuji Iron & Steel and Yawata Iron & Steel. Nippon Steel is the world's third largest steel producer by volume as of 2019.
History
Early years
Nippon Steel was created by the merger of two giants, Yawata Iron & Steel (八幡製鉄 Yawata Seitetsu) and Fuji Iron & Steel (富士製鉄 Fuji Seitetsu). Beginning in early 1981, however, the company cut production and saw a sharp decline in profit that fiscal year. Forced to close furnaces, the company exhibited a typical Japanese economic aversion to layoffs, opting instead to offer standard early retirement enticements but also less conventional schemes such as a mushroom cultivation venture that used the surplus heat created by steel furnaces to temperature control a fecund fungi complex.
Troubled times
Attributing the drop to higher material costs, the company entered into another troubled year. In 1983, the company reported the end of the fiscal year (March 31) would reveal Nippon Steel was in an even more beleaguered situation. A fall in demand brought about a 39 percent tumble in profits from an already weak previous year. During this time the entire Japanese steel industry struggled in a period of turmoil as other nations such as South Korea, with only a fraction of labor costs, won over business. The company announced a loss in 1986, prompting a determined effort to diversify away from the moribund "smokestack" industrial sector and to provide new work for thousands of employees that would be transferred from closing furnaces.
Diversification
Nippon Steel expanded or further established itself in semiconductors, electronics, a theme park called Space World, software, and even human resources products. The company bucked seven struggling but profitable years when it returned to loss in 1993. Again, thousands of employees would be transferred to new operations. Due to cost-cutting, the company returned to health in 1995. However, Nippon Steel reported earnings in 1999 suffered from an overwhelming charge needed to cover pension costs, a problem not uncommon for shrinking industrial giants. 2002 and 2003 would be back-to-back loss years, but robust demand for steel in the People's Republic of China returned the company to profitability. (However, Nippon Steel had an operating profit for 2002 and 2003. The losses were made of extraordinary losses because of reevaluation of real estate and securities of the company among others.) Following a triple merger of Sumitomo Corporation, Kinzoku Steel Corporation (Sumikin Bussan), and the existing Nippon Steel, NSSC was formed as these companies' conglomerate Stainless Steel division.
Merger
In early 2011, Nippon Steel announced plans to merge with Sumitomo Metal Industries. With Nippon Steel producing ~26.5 million tonnes of steel per year and Sumitomo making ~11 million tonnes, the merged entity would produce close to 37 million tonnes of crude steel per year. This volume of steel output would make Nippon Steel the second largest steelmaker in the world, putting it well ahead of Baosteel – the current number two (making ~31 mt steel / year) – although still well behind ArcelorMittal (who produced 77.5 mt crude steel in 2010).
On October 1, 2012, Nippon Steel formally merged with Sumitomo Metal Industries at a ratio of 0.735 Nippon Steel shares per Sumitomo Metal share. The merged stock is listed (under number 5401, the old Nippon Steel number) as Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp. The logistics branches of both companies are announced to be merged on April 1, 2013, under the name "Nippon Steel & Sumikin Logistics Co., Ltd.", wholly owned by Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation. The merged company planned to publish a common fact book in the summer of 2013.
On April 1, 2019, the Japanese name of the company was changed from Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation to Nippon Steel Corporation.
Present
By May 2020, Nippon Steel has announced that it would suspend operations of four furnaces, of which one for permanently, as it booked an annual loss in FY 2019.
Major plant locations
Muroran, Hokkaido
Kamaishi, Iwate
Kimitsu, Chiba: Kimitsu Steel Works
Tokyo
Tōkai, Aichi (Nagoya)
Sakai, Osaka
Himeji, Hyogo (Hirohata)
Hikari, Yamaguchi – steel piping
Kitakyushu, Fukuoka (Yahata)
Oita, Oita
Added after Sumitomo merger
Kashima, Ibaraki
Jōetsu, Niigata (Naoetsu)
Amagasaki, Hyōgo
Osaka
Wakayama
Kitakyushu, Fukuoka (Kokura)
Joint ventures
New Carlisle, Indiana, USA (built 1991)
AM/NS Calvert. Formerly named ThyssenKrupp Steel USA and located in Calvert, Alabama, the facility was purchased from ThyssenKrupp through a 50/50 joint partnership with ArcelorMittal in February 2014 for $1.5 billion and renamed AM/NS Calvert. A greenfield construction project which began in 2007, the facility began operation in 2010 and has a production capacity of 5.3 million tons and includes a hot strip mill, cold roll mill and 4 coating lines. Products from the facility are marketed in the NAFTA region through managing partner ArcelorMittal.
Nippon Steel Trading Co., Ltd., has set up a joint venture with three Indonesian local companies to produce 120,000 tons of sheet steel for the automotive industry. Nippon Steel would control a 30 percent share of the joint venture, PT IndoJapan Steel Center. It is located in the Mitra Karawang Industrial Estate, West Java in a 4.8-hectare area with total investment for first phase $38 million and was expected to start operating in January 2013.
POSCO-Nippon Steel RHF Joint Venture, Co., Ltd., located in Pohang, South Korea. Using rotary hearth furnace technology, the company recycles sludge and dust coming out from the POSCO plants.
Controversies
On October 30, 2018, the South Korean Supreme Court rejected appeals to overturn a 2013 order requiring Nippon to pay compensation to four South Korean workers who underwent forced labor which occurred during World War II and ordered Nippon to pay each of the workers an individual sum of 100 million won (US$87,700). The four surviving steelworkers, who were victims of forced labor which was supervised by Sumitomo, originally filed suit in 2005. A Nippon spokesman called the decision "deeply regretful," while also promising a review of the ruling. The Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Taro Kono maintained that the matter "has been resolved following the Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea".
The asset seizure ordered by the Korean supreme court involves Nippon's stake in PNR, the POSCO-Nippon joint venture.
Environmental record
In 2005 the Nippon Steel corporation made a plan to step up its capacity for recycling waste plastics into coke by 30%. Coke is a main resource in steel production. To manage the load they have invested ¥4 billion (about $38.2 million) to install equipment at Oita Mill and set up a second furnace at Kyushu facility.
In 2006 Nippon Steel and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (MHI) jointly created a high tensile strength steel. The first application this steel was used for was the hulls of container ships. This steel allows the ships to be just as strong without the thick steel that it was requiring for them to grow in size. The smaller thickness allows the ships to attain a greater fuel-efficiency, cutting down on the environmental load of the ships.
Nippon Steel announced a pilot project to process waste food into ethanol in 2006. They have tasked Kitakyushu City with collecting and sorting the food waste and Nishihara Co., a waste management company, with developing new technologies to implement the sorted collecting system. To minimize costs they will use waste heat from an existing incineration facility that had not been effectively utilized, and the residue left after ethanol recovery will be burned in this incinerator.
Nippon Steel has been addressing environmental issues in an integrated manner as part of the overall management since the establishment of the company, aiming at realizing a sustainable society. In 2011, the company was awarded with the Fray International Sustainability Award in Mexico, for its approach in achieving Eco-processes, Eco-products, and Eco-solutions.
Carbon footprint
Nippon Steel reported Total CO2e emissions (Direct + Indirect) for the twelve months ending 31 March 2020 at 73,706 Kt (-16,556 /-18.3% y-o-y). Reported emissions have been on a downward trend since 2016.
See also
History of Nippon Steel Corporation
Anti-Japanese sentiment in Korea
NS Solutions
Kashima Antlers
Nippon Steel Yawata S.C., former company football club, based near the Yawata plant and originally owned by it before the Fuji Steel merger
References
Manufacturing companies based in Tokyo
Anti-Japanese sentiment in Korea
Chemical companies based in Tokyo
Steel companies of Japan
Defense companies of Japan
Japanese brands
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Laola1.at () is an Austrian online sports news portal. Laola1 has its headquarters in Vienna, along with unas media (the company responsible for video production).
Laola1 is responsible for developments in mobile TV. In 2008 it became the “first made for mobile sports channel”, available via DVB-H in association with Vodafone live!, Orange and Hutchison 3G.
According to reports, Laola1.at is the biggest sport portal in Austria on the basis of website hits and unique clients.
Laola1.tv () is the internet and mobile TV arm of the company which shows live sport coverage as well as highlights and background information.
In 2011 LAOLA1.tv announced that it had produced the official VfB Stuttgart website, adding to other similar projects.
Laola1.at and Laola1.tv are incorporated under the Sportsman media holding group.
The Austrian Hockey League announced record viewing figures in February 2011 both in the arena's and online. Stating one of the reasons for this being the cooperation between the league and their media partners LAOLA1.tv and ServusTV.
Laola1.tv and Laola1.at was acquired by Sportradar in 2016.
Laola1.tv and Laola1.at was acquired by I-league in 2018..
See also
Austria
Austria (in Deutsch)
Austria (in English)
Austria (International)
Deutschland
Deutschland (in Austrian)
Deutschland (in English)
Deutschland (International)
International
International (in Deutsch)
International (in Austrian)
International (in English)
Notes
Webcasters
The 2011 ATP Challenger Guangzhou was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Guangzhou, China between 14 and 20 March 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of March 7, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Gong Maoxin
Li Zhe
Wu Di
Zhang Ze
The following entrant has been granted a Special Exemption into the main draw:
Cedrik-Marcel Stebe
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Tiago Fernandes
Colin Fleming
Sadik Kadir
Benjamin Mitchell
Champions
Singles
Uladzimir Ignatik def. Alexander Kudryavtsev, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles
Mikhail Elgin / Alexander Kudryavtsev def. Sanchai Ratiwatana / Sonchat Ratiwatana, 7–6(3), 6–3
External links
ITF Search
ATP official site
ATP Challenger Guangzhou
China International Guangzhou
2011 in Chinese tennis
Barypus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Barypus aequicostis Chaudoir, 1876
Barypus bonvouloiri Chaudoir, 1861
Barypus calchaquensis Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus chubutensis Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus clivinoides (Curtis, 1839)
Barypus comechingoensis Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus dentipennis Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus deplanatus Roig-Junent & Cicchino, 1989
Barypus flaccus Roig-Junent & Cicchino, 1989
Barypus gentilii Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus giaii Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus longitarsus (Waterhouse, 1841)
Barypus mendozensis Roig-Junent & Cicchino, 1989
Barypus minus Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus neuquensis Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus nevado Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus painensis Roig-Junent & Cicchino, 1989
Barypus parallelus (Guerin-Meneville, 1838)
Barypus precordillera Roig-Junent, 2008
Barypus pulchellus Burmeister, 1868
Barypus rivalis (Germar, 1824)
Barypus schajovskoii Roig-Junent, 1992
Barypus speciosus Dejean, 1831
Barypus sulcatipenis Roig-Junent, 1992
References
Broscini
Carabidae genera
Vishvarupa or Vishwaroop (Sanskrit for "having all shapes, universal form") is a term used within Hinduism to refer to:
Vishvarupa, revealed by Vishnu in the Bhagavad Gita. Vishvarupa has innumerable forms, eyes, faces, mouths and arms. All creatures of the universe are part of him. He is the infinite universe, without a beginning or an end. He contains peaceful as well as wrathful forms. Unable to bear the scale of the sight and gripped with fear, Arjuna requests Krishna to return to his four-armed Vishnu form, which he can bear to see
The yoked horses of the sage Brhaspati
Trisiras, the three-headed son of Tvashta
One of the seven tongues of fire in reference to the god Agni
See also
Vishwaroopam, a Tamil-Hindi movie by Kamal Haasan
William Henry Helm (1860–1936) was an English author known for well-reviewed non-fiction books like Jane Austen and her Country-House Comedy (1909) and Homes of the Past (1921).
Early life and writing
Helm finished college around 1883, and shortly thereafter joined the staff of The Morning Post. He was noted in 1885 for writing "a short but bright and original story of the days of Queen Anne" in the Christmas 1884 special issue of the Weekly Freeman titled "How George Stanley Settled his Bill". He became a columnist for The Morning Post, and speaking at the 1887 annual dinner of the London Association of Correctors of the Press, "said that as a reviewer he was not ashamed to stand up and say he belonged to that much-abused fraternity", speculating that even the ghosts of dead writers would complain of their depictions by modern reviewers.
Primary publishing career
In 1900, Helm published a series of "Studies in Style" examining the writing styles of various authors, and was described in The Morning Post as having "hit on the happy idea of reproducing them with just sufficient caricature to make apparent to the simplest intelligence the affectation, or the vulgarity, or the idiosyncracy of the particular writer". The review found the work to be "ample evidence of Mr. Helm's fitness for the delicate task he undertook". A 1904 book, The Blue Fox, parodying the style of Guy Boothby, was less successful, with one review finding that it "starts well with a clever burlesque of the modern Anglo-American alliance between title and dollars", but later "misses fire somehow", being not sufficiently extravagant.<ref>"Novel Notes", St. James Gazette" (8 September 1904), p. 19.</ref> Helm next wrote about Honoré de Balzac in the book, Aspects of Balzac in London in 1905.
Jane Austen and Her Country-House Comedy (1909)
In 1909, it was announced that Helm was "writing a critical monograph on 'Jane Austen,' based on her novels and letters". The book, Jane Austen and her Country-house Comedy, was published that year, with The Athenaeum saying of it:The Book News Monthly wrote that Helm "takes up first the dominant qualities in Jane Austen's works, dilating upon her 'abiding freshness' and comparing her with Balzac and Charlotte Bronte. He then studies her equipment, going into the matter of her education and her preparation for writing". The Guardian described it as demonstrating "critical discernment and literary knowledge". In the 21st century, literary scholar Laurence W. Mazzeno wrote that the book was "probably best described as a transitional work between the appreciations offered by the Austen family and many Victorians, and the more systematic critical examinations that would follow in the coming decades". Mazzano described Helm as being "of a generation still interested in the way Austen depicted the fashions and customs of her day", and noted that Helm considered Austen "a neglected classic", and sought to "reclaim for her a place among England's great authors".
In 1910, after 27 years with The Morning Post, Helm was dismissed during a rearrangement of the staff. He sued, alleging wrongful dismissal and asserting that letters from former manager Edward Eden Peacock would demonstrate that the paper had a practice of providing for members of the literary staff dismissed after some number of years with the paper. Helm's 1912 book on Charles Dickens was deemed "an able and expert introduction on Dickens' life and works".
Homes of the Past (1921)
In 1919, Helm proposed "the selection and preservation some typical houses, each of which shall be an original example of a particular period in our history", along with their furnishings and other contents, so that people could visit them and learn what life during those periods was like."Old Furniture Going Abroad", The Times (20 October 1919), p. 15. He further stated that he was preparing a book in support of this plan, for which "[m]any pen-and-ink drawings have already been prepared, in illustration of my text, by a very capable artist".
Fine arts expert Archibald Cecil Chappelow illustrated the well-received 1921 book Homes of the Past, by Helm. The book was a favorite of publisher John Lane, and was "a magnificent volume". The book review in The Observer stated: "Not only is this book pleasantly written, but it is much enhanced in attractiveness by the pen-and-ink drawings by Mr. A. C. Chappelow, who has a most affectionate touch for old architecture and furnishing".
In later life, Helm was described as "a distinguished East-Anglian antiquary who is also an ardent Francophile. Though he loves France, and speaks French easily, it cannot be denied that his accent leaves something to be desired". Helm once described giving a lecture in French to an audience of French nationals, after which one of them approached him and politely asked exactly what part of France Helm came from.
WorksStudies in Style (1900)The Blue Fox (1904)Aspects of Balzac (1905)Jane Austen and her Country-house Comedy (1909)Charles Dickens (1912)Vigée-Lebrun, 1755-1842: Her Life, Works, and Friendships (1915)Homes of the Past'' (1921)
Personal life and death
Born to William Henry Helm and Elizabeth Caroline Jollye (née Withington), Helm married Ada Emmeline Helm (née Physick) in 1881. They had two children. Helm died in 1936, at the age of 76.
References
External links
London Library page on William Henry Helm
1860 births
1936 deaths
English non-fiction writers
English literary critics
A juror's oath is used to swear in jurors at the beginning of jury selection or trial.
Australia
In a New South Wales juror's oath, the juror promises to "...well and truly try and true deliverance make between our Sovereign Lady the Queen [or the King] and the accused whom you shall have in charge, and a true verdict give according to the evidence."
In Western Australia each juror has a choice to either "swear by Almighty God" or "solemnly and sincerely declare and affirm" to "give a true verdict according to the evidence upon the issue(s) to be tried by me."
In Queensland each juror has a choice for an Oath or Affirmation.
The Oath is as follows:
You will conscientiously try the charges and decide them according to evidence. You will not disclose anything about the Jury's deliberations other than as allowed or required by law. So help you God.
The Affirmation is as follows:
Do you solemnly, sincerely and truly affirm and declare that you will conscientiously try the charges against the Defendant, and you will decide them according to the evidence. You will also not disclose anything about the Jury's deliberation other than as required by law.
Canada
In Canada, each juror has the choice to take either an oath or affirmation. The oath/affirmation states something to the effect of: Do you swear to well and truly try and true deliverance make between our sovereign lady the Queen, and the accused at the bar, who you shall have in charge, and a true verdict give, according to the evidence, so help you God?In the case of an affirmation, "swear" is replaced with "affirm", and "so help you God" is omitted.
France
In French criminal procedure the role of judge and jury is different than in common law countries. A jury has a part only in the most serious cases, and the judges and jury together decide verdict and sentence. According to the French Code of Penal Procedure, the judge says:
Do you swear and promise to examine with the most scrupulous attention the charges that will be laid against [the defendant]; to betray neither the interests of the defendant, nor the interests of the society that accuses him, nor the interests of the victim; not to communicate with anybody until you [declare your verdict]; not to listen to hatred, malice, fear or affection; to remember that the defendant is presumed to be innocent and that doubt must benefit him; to decide for yourself according to the charges and the means of defense, according to your conscience and intimate conviction, with the impartiality and firmness that befits an honest and free person, and to keep the secret of the deliberations, even after you cease to be a juror.
Each juror must respond "I so swear".
New Zealand
A New Zealand juror's oath reads: "Members of the jury: Do each of you swear by Almighty God (or solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm) that you will try the case before you to the best of your ability and give your verdict according to the evidence?"
United Kingdom
In England and Wales, and Northern Ireland the Oaths Act 1978 applies to jurors' oaths (Part II of the act also applies to Scotland). The person may opt either to swear an oath on the New Testament—or, for Jews, the Old Testament—or to affirm. Oaths can be "administered in any lawful manner" to persons who are neither Christian nor Jews. For example, other faiths may be sworn in on a holy book of their choice, such as the Verdas for Hindus and the Koran for Muslims.
The affirmation was first made available to Quakers and Moravians, who had conscientious objections to oaths, extended by the Quakers and Moravians Act 1838, and later further extended to anybody who chooses to do so.
The oath starts "I swear by almighty God/by Allah/by Waheguru/on the Gita"; for an affirmation the wording is "I solemnly, sincerely and truly declare and affirm". This is followed in both cases by "that I will faithfully try the defendant and give a true verdict according to the evidence."
United States
In the United States, a federal juror's oath usually states something to the effect of, "Do you and each of you solemnly swear that you will well and truly try and a true deliverance make between the United States and __, the defendant at the bar, and a true verdict render according to the evidence, so help you God?"
Jury instructions sometimes make reference to the juror's oath. For example, the Criminal Pattern Jury Instructions developed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit for use by U.S. District Courts state:
The wording of the oath in federal court is not prescribed by statute. James Duane describes it as "simply an old tradition judges have made up."
References
Oath
Oaths
George Nicholaw (November 17, 1927 – August 9, 2014) was a CBS radio executive and chairman of the California Horse Racing Board (CHRB).
Nicholaw was a CBS Radio employee from 1955 to 2003. In August 1967, he was appointed vice president and general manager of KNX in Los Angeles and in 1968 guided the station's switch from music to an all-news format. Nicholaw was appointed to the California Horse Racing Board in 1992 by Governor Pete Wilson. He served as chairman of both the Security and Licensing Committee and the Pari-mutuel Operations Committee, holding great responsibility in the area of regulating racetrack operations.
Nicholaw served eight years as a member of the CHRB, and was elected to be chairman for the year 1999, replacing the outgoing long-term chairman Ralph M. Scurfield. Nicholaw retired as a commissioner in February 2000 when his second four-year term on the CHRB expired.
He is the uncle of theatre director, choreographer and performer Casey Nicholaw.
References
1927 births
2014 deaths
American radio executives
Višinskis is a Lithuanian family name. It may refer to:
Povilas Višinskis, a Lithuanian writer, journalist, theatre director, and politician
Rasmutis Višinskis, a Soviet Lithuanian 1980 Olympic canoer
Lithuanian-language surnames
lt:Višinskis
Niedermoschel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Prema Yuddham () is a 1990 Telugu-language romance film produced by P. Vijaya Kumari under the Anupama Arts banner, directed by S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu. It stars Nagarjuna, Amala Akkineni with music composed by Hamsalekha. The film was simultaneously shot in Kannada as Bannada Gejje, with V. Ravichandran. The film was recorded as flop at the box office. The film was dubbed into Tamil as Idhaya Geetham and in Hindi as Prem Jung.
Cast
Nagarjuna
Amala Akkineni
Mohan Babu
Amjad Khan
Devaraj
Giri Babu
Vani Viswanath
Bharathi
Dubbing Janaki
Soundtrack
Music composed by Hamsalekha. Music released on Lahari Audio Company.
References
1990s Telugu-language films
1990 films
Telugu remakes of Kannada films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Films directed by Rajendra Singh Babu
Cristian Damián Leyes (born January 14, 1986) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Guaraní Antonio Franco in the Primera B Nacional, on loan from Quilmes.
Career
Leyes began his playing career with Tigre in 2008. He made his league debut in a 2-1 away win against Colón on 1 March 2008. After playing more than 50 league games with Tigre, Leyes transferred to Quilmes on a free transfer in July 2010, signing a 3-year deal.
References
External links
ESPN statistics
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
1986 births
Living people
People from San Luis Province
Argentine footballers
Association football defenders
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético Tigre footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
In enzymology, a (hydroxyamino)benzene mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(hydroxyamino)benzene 2-aminophenol
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (hydroxyamino)benzene, and one product, 2-aminophenol.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring hydroxy groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (hydroxyamino)benzene hydroxymutase. Other names in common use include HAB mutase, hydroxylaminobenzene hydroxymutase, and hydroxylaminobenzene mutase. This enzyme participates in naphthalene and anthracene degradation.
References
EC 5.4.4
Enzymes of unknown structure
This is a list of architecture schools in Bangladesh.
Institutes
Housing & Building Research Institute
Institute of Architects Bangladesh
Public schools
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Science and Technology University Department of Architecture, Gopalganj
Bangladesh University of Engineering & Technology, Department of Architecture, Faculty of Architecture and Planning, Dhaka Estd. 1961
Chittagong University of Engineering and Technology, Department of Architecture, Faculty of Architecture & Planning, Chittagong Estd. 2009
Dhaka University of Engineering & Technology, Gazipur Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Hajee Mohammad Danesh Science & Technology University Department of Architecture, Dinajpur
Khulna University of Engineering & Technology, Department of Architecture , Faculty of Architecture & Planning Khulna
Khulna University, Discipline of Architecture, School of Science, Engineering & Technology, Khulna Estd. 1991
Military Institute of Science and Technology, Department of Architecture, Dhaka Estd. 2015
Pabna University of Science & Technology, Department of Architecture, Pabna
Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology, Department of Architecture, Rajshahi
Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Department of Architecture, School of Applied Sciences & Technology, Sylhet Estd. 2002
Private schools
Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
BRAC University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
American International University Bangladesh, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Bangladesh University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Daffodil International University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Leading University, Department of Architecture, Sylhet
North South University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Premier University, Chittagong, Department of Architecture, Chittagong
Primeasia University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Shanto-Mariam University of Creative Technology, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Sonargaon University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Southeast University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
Stamford University, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
State University of Bangladesh, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
University of Asia Pacific, Department of Architecture, Dhaka
References
Architecture schools
Bangladesh
List
Penzance is a town in Cornwall.
Penzance may also refer to:
Places
Penzance, Arizona, US
Penzance, Saskatchewan, Canada
Sports
Penzance A.F.C.
Penzance Sailing Club
Penzance RFC, a rugby union club
Transportation
Penzance railway station
Penzance TMD, a railway depot
Penzance Heliport
HMS Penzance (M106), Royal Navy ship
HMS Penzance (L28), Royal Navy ship
People
James Wilde, 1st Baron Penzance (1816–1899), British judge
According to traditional Chinese uranography, the modern constellation Lyra is located within the northern quadrant of the sky, which is symbolized as the Black Tortoise of the North (北方玄武, Běi Fāng Xuán Wǔ).
The name of the western constellation in modern Chinese is 天琴座 (tiān qín zuò), meaning "the celestial zither constellation".
Stars
The map of Chinese constellation in constellation Lyra area consists of :
See also
Chinese astronomy
Traditional Chinese star names
Chinese constellations
References
External links
Lyra – Chinese associations
香港太空館研究資源
中國星區、星官及星名英譯表
天象文學
台灣自然科學博物館天文教育資訊網
中國古天文
中國古代的星象系統
Astronomy in China
Lyra (constellation)
Mason County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 14,666. Its county seat is Havana. The county is named in honor of George Mason, a member of the Virginia legislature who campaigned for the adoption of the United States Bill of Rights.
History
Mason County was created in 1841 out of portions of Tazewell and Menard counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (4.3%) is water.
Mason County is bound on the south by the Sangamon River, and on the west by the Illinois River. These rivers join at the county's southwest tip.
The soil covering much of Mason County is very sandy. This was formed during the melting of the Wisconsin Glacier about 10,000 years ago. Meltwater from the glacier deposited large amounts of sand in a delta region near at the junction of the Sangamon and Illinois Rivers.
The sandy soil does not hold water well, quickly exposing crops to drought conditions as the water table drops during periods of low precipitation. However, the soil is very good for growing vegetables that are otherwise not common in Illinois. Modern irrigation has made this a highly productive agricultural area.
A sand wetland on the Illinois River is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as the Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Havana have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 136
Illinois Route 10
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 97
Adjacent counties
Fulton County - north
Tazewell County - northeast
Logan County - southeast
Menard County - south
Cass County - southwest
Schuyler County - west
National protected area
Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,666 people, 6,079 households, and 4,060 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,077 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.8% were German, 15.6% were American, 11.1% were English, and 10.3% were Irish.
Of the 6,079 households, 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.2% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 44.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,461 and the median income for a family was $51,348. Males had a median income of $43,448 versus $31,087 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,427. About 13.8% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.6% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Mason County was identified as a “sundown” county which “has remained all white for many decades, despite its location between Springfield and Peoria...”
Communities
Cities
Havana (seat)
Mason City
Town
Topeka
Villages
Bath
Easton
Forest City
Kilbourne
Manito
San Jose
Census-designated place
Goofy Ridge
Other unincorporated communities
Biggs
Bishop
Lakewood
Matanzas Beach
Townships
Allens Grove
Bath
Crane Creek
Forest City
Havana
Kilbourne
Lynchburg
Manito
Mason City
Pennsylvania
Quiver
Salt Creek
Sherman
Politics
Although it voted for the Whig Party in the three elections from 1840 to 1848, Mason County was to be solidly Democratic for the next sixty to seventy years due to its anti-Yankee German-American heritage. It was not until the 1920 election when bitter resentment was felt by German-Americans at Woodrow Wilson's postwar policies that Mason supported a GOP candidate.
In the following eighty years, Mason was a Republican-leaning swing county, although isolationist sentiment did cause it to vote narrowly for Wendell Willkie in 1940 and more convincingly for Thomas E. Dewey in 1944.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mason County, Illinois
References
Illinois counties
1841 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1841
The 1973 Major League Baseball lockout occurred from February 8 to February 25. The lockout did not result in any regular season games being canceled, but the start of spring training was delayed.
The lockout was initiated by Major League Baseball (MLB) team owners, who wanted an agreement with the Major League Baseball Players Association (MLBPA) on the use of arbitration in settling salary disputes. Resolution was reached via a three-year agreement between owners and the MLBPA, under which players with two years of consecutive major-league service (or three years of non-consecutive service) could use arbitration. Only "early" spring training (for pitchers and catchers) was impacted, as the dispute was settled before the contractual start of spring training, March 1.
See also
1973 Major League Baseball season
References
Major League Baseball lockout, 1973
lockout
Major League Baseball labor disputes
Victor I. Hoagland Sr. (May 4, 1936 – January 12, 2002), known professionally as Hoagy Lands, was an American soul singer.
Biography
Lands was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States, to an Afro-Cuban father and an African American mother of American Indian descent, Lands formed a group at Roosevelt Junior High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey that was called TNB (The New Brunswick) Dynaflows.
His recording career spanned from the late 1950s on into the mid-1970s, recording a few duets with Lily Field. He made appearances in England shortly before his death in 2002, in Orange, New Jersey, following heart surgery.
His grandson is recording artist Jaheim.
Discography
Ivory (unknown number) – Oo-Be-Do / You're Only Young Once – 1959
Judi 054 – (I'm Gonna) Cry Some Tears / Lighted Windows – 1961
ABC-Paramount 10171 – (I'm Gonna) Cry Some Tears / Lighted Windows – 1961
MGM K-13041 – My Tears Are Dry / It's Gonna Be Morning – 1961
MGM K-13062 – Goodnight Irene / It Ain't Easy As That – 1961
ABC-Paramount 10392 – Tender Years / I'm Yours – 1963
Atlantic 2217 – Baby Come On Home / Baby Let Me Hold Your Hand (Backing vocals by Cissy Houston, Dee Dee Warwick and Judy Clay – Eric Gale on guitar) – 1964
Laurie 3349 – Theme From The Other Side / Friends And Lovers Don't Go Together – 1966
Laurie 3361 – Theme From The Other Side / September – 1967
Laurie 3372 – Yesterday / Forever in My Heart- 1967
Laurie 3381 – The Next in Line / Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone (Backing vocals by The Chiffons) – 1967
Laurie 3463 – Two Years and a Thousand Tears (Since I Left Augusta) / White Gardenia – 1968
With Lily Fields
Stardust 028 – I'm Yours / The Tender Years – 1963
Spectrum 116 – Beautiful Music / Crying Candle – 1969
Spectrum 118 – Sweet Soul (Brother) / A Boy in a Man's World – 1970
Spectrum 122 – Do You Know What Life Is All About / Why Didn't You Let Me Know – 1972
Spectrum 129 – Reminisce / Why Didn't You Let Me Know – 1972
Spectrum 130 – A Man Ain't No Stronger Than His Heart / Do It Twice – 1972
Paramount 0232 – Mary Ann / Pledging My Love – 1973
Spectrum 140 – The Bell Ringer / (Instrumental) – 1976
In popular culture
Lands' recording of Lighted Windows was played over the end titles of Season 4, Episode 8 of Orange Is the New Black in June 2016.
References
1936 births
2002 deaths
Musicians from New Brunswick, New Jersey
American soul singers
American people of Cuban descent
American people who self-identify as being of Native American descent
20th-century African-American male singers
James William Speck (April 14, 1896 – March 20, 1969) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Toronto Blueshirts and the Toronto 228th Battalion of the National Hockey Association, and the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League.
References
1896 births
1969 deaths
Calgary Tigers players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from London, Ontario
Toronto 228th Battalion players
Toronto Blueshirts players
"Töntarna" is a song by the Swedish alternative rock band Kent. It was released as the lead single from their eighth studio album Röd on 5 October 2009 as digital download. Two additional remixes by Punks Jump Up and Familjen were released on Kent's digital download store at their website on 9 October 2009, while the CD single was released on 12 October 2009.
Track listing
"Töntarna" — 4:44
"Töntarna" (Punks Junk Up Remix) — 5:19
"Töntarna" (Familjen Remix) — 4:12
Credits and personnel
Produced by Kent/Joshua. Recorded in Meistersaal, Berlin and Park Studio/Psykbunkern, Stockholm.
Remix and additional production on track 2 by Punks Jump Up and on track 3 by Familjen.
Lyrics by Berg.
Music by Berg/Sköld.
Mastered by Henrik Jonsson, Masters of Audio.
Design: Helen Svensson & Thomas Ökvist.
Photo: Thomas Ökvist.
Charts
References
External links
Töntarna at Discogs
Kent (band) songs
2009 singles
Song recordings produced by Joshua (record producer)
Number-one singles in Norway
Number-one singles in Sweden
2009 songs
Songs written by Joakim Berg
Songs written by Martin Sköld
Rama Chakkani Seetha () is a 2019 Telugu romantic comedy film. It is directed by Sriharsha Manda and produced by GL Phani Kanth and Smt.Visalakshmi Manda. It stars Indhra, Priyadarshi and Sukrutha Wagle in the lead roles. This is also a Telugu debut movie of Sukrutha Wagle, who is known for her performance orientated roles in Kannada film industry.
Plot
The movie revolves around Balu (Indhra), a happy-go-lucky boy who strongly believes in destiny and luck. He falls in love with Anu (Sukrutha Wagle) who is an accounting student who believes in hard work and perseverance. Both have contradictory life philosophies. Pushkar (Priyadarshi) who is Balu's childhood friend, helps him impress Anu by faking his identity as Siddhu and using a fake number. Gulabboo Govind (Rahul Sipligunj) tries to separate them as he also loves Anu. By the time Balu proposes Anu, she finds out that he cheated her and tested her character by using the different identity. Now, the rest of the story is all about how they cross their paths again in life.
Cast
Indhra as Balu
Priyadarshi as Pushkar
Sukrutha Wagle as Anu
GL Phani Kanth
Ravi Babu
Y. Kasi Viswanath
Rahul Sipligunj as Gulabboo Govind
Madhumani
Abhay
Jabardast Appalarao
Production
The movie was produced by GL Phani Kanth under the banner Leo Celluloids and Co-produced by Smt. Vishalakshmi Manda. It is directed by Sriharsha Manda. Murugan GV handled the Cinematography and Garry BH is the editor of the movie. The music album and background score of the film is directed by Kesava Kiran. Sunny Komalapati is the dance choreographer and Real Satish serves as the fight choreographer of the film. The film was shot in and around the city of Hyderabad, Vijayawada and Vizag.
Release
Rama Chakkani Seetha was released across the States of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh on 27 September 2019. The movie was screened both in the multiplex and single screen theatres. Within 14 days of the release, Amazon Prime Video bought the digital rights of the movie.
Reception
The film was well received by critics. The Times of India rated the movie 3/5 stars. Telugu Filmnagar wrote that the comedy scenes were the best part of the movie. It also highlighted the acting of Priyadarshi in comedy scenes and Sukrutha in the emotional and romantic scenes. 123telugu.com described the film as "passable", saying that many of its elements were too predictable.
References
External links
Rama Chakkani Seetha on Rotten Tomatoes
2019 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Indian romantic comedy films
2019 romantic comedy films
Straughn, also known as Haygood, is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
History
The community was originally called Haygood, but the name was later changed to Straughn in honor of a local family who was instrumental in establishing the community's school. A post office operated under the name Haygood from 1892 to 1904. Straughn is home to Straughn High School.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
The 2020 General Tire 150 was the second stock car race of the 2020 ARCA Menards Series, the first race of the 2020 Sioux Chief Showdown, and the inaugural iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, March 6, 2020, in Avondale, Arizona at Phoenix Raceway, a 1 mile (1.6 km) permanent low-banked tri-oval race track. The race took the scheduled 150 laps to complete. Chandler Smith of Venturini Motorsports would take the final restart with two to go and hold off teammate Michael Self and a dominating Ty Gibbs to win his eighth career ARCA Menards Series win and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Michael Self of Venturini Motorsports and Ty Gibbs of Joe Gibbs Racing would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
Phoenix Raceway is a one-mile, low-banked tri-oval race track located in Avondale, Arizona. It is named after the nearby metropolitan area of Phoenix. The motorsport track opened in 1964 and currently hosts two NASCAR race weekends annually. PIR has also hosted the IndyCar Series, CART, USAC and the Rolex Sports Car Series. The raceway is currently owned and operated by International Speedway Corporation.
The raceway was originally constructed with a 2.5 mi (4.0 km) road course that ran both inside and outside of the main tri-oval. In 1991 the track was reconfigured with the current 1.51 mi (2.43 km) interior layout. PIR has an estimated grandstand seating capacity of around 67,000. Lights were installed around the track in 2004 following the addition of a second annual NASCAR race weekend.
Phoenix Raceway is home to two annual NASCAR race weekends, one of 13 facilities on the NASCAR schedule to host more than one race weekend a year. The track is both the first and last stop in the western United States, as well as the fourth and the last track on the schedule.
Entry list
*Withdrew.
Practice
The only two-hour practice session was held on March 6. Ty Gibbs of Joe Gibbs Racing would set the fastest time in the session, with a 27.037 and an average speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying was held on Friday, March 6 at 2:30 PM MST. Each driver was split into six groups, and each group would run four minute sessions. Ty Gibbs of Joe Gibbs Racing would win the pole, setting a lap of 27.507 and an average speed of .
Full qualifying results
Race results
References
2020 ARCA Menards Series
NASCAR races at Phoenix Raceway
March 2020 sports events in the United States
2020 in sports in Arizona
Dominique Hourani (; born 7 August 1985) is a Lebanese recording artist, actress, beauty queen, and former model.
Personal life
In 2007, Hourani married her second husband, an Iranian-Dutch businessman named Alireza Almass Nokiani. Together they have a daughter, Delara Sue Almassi (born in 2009). The couple have been officially separated since 2012. She currently lives in the UAE.
Modeling
She won a competition with contestants from over 80 countries and was awarded the Miss Intercontinental 2003 title.
Acting
Hourani first appeared on the television series, Oyoun Kha'ena (The eyes of the deceiver), alongside famous TV presenter, Tony Khalife. The series was broadcast in Lebanon and the Arab world on LBC.
In 2009, Hourani decided to go with her first movie El Beeh Romancy, along with Mohamed Adel Emam, Hasan Housni, Lebleba, Mena Arafa and Saad El Soghaier.
Singing
Hourani traveled to America and sang at an Arab American festival concert with more than 300,000 people attending.
Discography
Albums
Etriss (2006)
Kermalik Ya Dominique (2008)
Dominique 2011 (2011)
References
External links
Ethnocloud profile
1985 births
Living people
Musicians from Beirut
Lebanese female models
21st-century Lebanese women singers
Lebanese beauty pageant winners
Lebanese socialites
Lebanese American University alumni
Vasilios Vitlis (; born 28 October 1993) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Super League 2 club Iraklis.
References
1993 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Kavala F.C. players
Panserraikos F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
Noodle latkes, also known as Romanian noodle latkes, pasta latke, or pasta latkes, are a type of latke made with pasta of Romanian Jewish origin, that is traditionally prepared during Hanukkah, although they may be eaten as a side dish during other times of the year.
Origin
Noodle latkes originated within the Romanian Jewish community several hundred years ago, and were brought to Israel and the United States where their descendants still prepare this dish.
Overview
Noodle latkes consist of egg noodles or fine egg pasta that has been boiled and drained, and combined with ingredients including egg, butter or margarine and a number of other ingredients to form a batter, which is shaped into latkes and fried in oil or schmaltz. They are traditionally prepared during the Jewish holiday of Chanukah by Romanian Jews, as foods fried in oil are traditionally consumed by Jewish people during Hanukkah to commemorate the miracle of the oil and the victory of the Maccabees over the Greeks in Ancient Israel.
Variants
Noodle latkes come in a number of varieties, some of which are listed below.
Sweet
Sweet variants include egg, butter or margarine (if pareve) sugar, cinnamon, and oftentimes raisin, and may be dusted with cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar upon serving. This is somewhat similar to a sweet noodle kugel.
Savory
Savory variants also include chopped onion and seasoning such as salt, pepper and various spices, and may be fried in vegetable oil or schmaltz.
See also
Latkes
Cheese latke
Fritas de prasa
References
Ashkenazi Jewish cuisine
Hanukkah foods
Israeli cuisine
Pasta dishes
Romanian Jews
Sephardi Jewish cuisine
"Together" is the fourth single from the album Dying for a Heart by Krystal Meyers. Released in 2006, the song charted at No. 28 on the Christian CHR chart and No. 23 on the Christian Rock chart.
About "Together"
"Together" was used in the hour-long special airing before the third season's premiere of NBC's hit drama, Heroes.
References
External links
Krystal Meyers - Dying For A Heart (2006, CD) on Discogs
2006 singles
Krystal Meyers songs
Songs written by Krystal Meyers
Essential Records (Christian) singles
2005 songs
Song recordings produced by Ian Eskelin
Igor Zubeldia Elorza (born 30 March 1997) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Born in Azkoitia, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Zubeldia joined Real Sociedad's youth setup in 2008, at the age of 11. On 6 June 2015, he promoted to the reserve team in Segunda División B.
Zubeldia made his senior debut on 29 August 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1–0 away loss against CD Ebro. On 25 February of the following year, he renewed his contract with Sanse until 2021.
Zubeldia made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 13 May 2016, replacing fellow youth graduate Rubén Pardo in the dying minutes of a 1–0 away win over Valencia CF. Ahead of the 2017–18 season, he was definitely promoted to the main squad.
On 20 December 2017, after just 30 seconds on the pitch, Zubeldia scored his first goal in the Spanish top flight to put the hosts ahead in the 76th minute of an eventual 3–1 home defeat of Sevilla FC. The following 29 June, he agreed to an extension until 2024.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Real Sociedad
Copa del Rey: 2019–20
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: 2019
References
External links
Real Sociedad official profile
1997 births
Living people
People from Azkoitia
Sportspeople from Gipuzkoa
Spanish footballers
Footballers from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División B players
Real Sociedad B footballers
Real Sociedad footballers
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Mark Seavey Catlin Sr. (November 12, 1882 – May 16, 1956) was an American football player, track athlete, coach, lawyer, and politician. He served as the head football coach at the University of Iowa from 1906 to 1908, and at Lawrence University from 1909 to 1918 and again from 1924 to 1927, compiling a career college football record of 63–40–7. Catlin played football at the University of Chicago and also participated in track and field competitions held adjunct to the 1904 Olympic Games. He later worked as an attorney and also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1921 to 1923.
Playing career
Born in Aurora, Illinois, Catlin played football at the University of Chicago under Amos Alonzo Stagg. He accounted for the only score in Chicago's 1905 victory over Michigan by tackling a Wolverine in the end zone for a safety. The Chicago victory broke Michigan's 56-game unbeaten streak. He earned All-Western Conference honors at the end position, and he was named a second team All-American.
Catlin was also a brilliant field athlete. Catlin won in the broad jump and high and low hurdles and also competed in the hurdles and discus at the Olympic Collegiate Championships, held in St. Louis in June, before the 1904 Olympics, along with many other competitions that included the word "Olympics" in their title. At this competition he received gold medals in the 120 and 220 yd hurdles and silver in the discus. His time in the 120 yd hurdles (15 3-5s) bested that recorded in the official Olympics (16s). He graduated from Chicago in 1905. 100 years later, Catlin was elected to the University of Chicago's Hall of Fame in 2005.
Coaching career
Iowa
Mark Catlin decided to go to law school at the University of Iowa. Catlin was hired as the heir apparent to John Chalmers as Iowa's head football coach. Catlin spent the 1906 season assisting Chalmers. Although Catlin was actually an assistant coach, many Iowa records consider Catlin, not Chalmers, the official coach of the 1906 Hawkeyes.
The Western Conference meetings of 1905 led to two significant rule changes. Conference members were not allowed to play more than five games per season. Also, freshmen were now ineligible, and players were allowed a maximum of three years of eligibility. These rule changes were made in response to growing criticism over player injuries and deaths during games at that time.
These changes greatly hampered play in 1906. Conference players who were to be seniors were all ruled ineligible, because they had already played three years of competition. Players who were to be freshmen also sat out. Only players who were to be sophomores and juniors were allowed to play.
Iowa finished with a 2–3 record in 1906. Coaches Chalmers and Catlin worked well together but had contrasting coaching styles. Chalmers learned the eastern style of play at Lafayette, coaching players as individuals and devising conservative schemes to maximize their talents. Catlin learned the western style of play from Amos Alonzo Stagg at Chicago, coaching schemes rather than players and advocating an open, aggressive style.
The most notable game of the 1907 season was the "rabbit game" against Wisconsin. After two easy wins to start the season, Iowa held a 5–0 halftime lead over Wisconsin when the two teams lined up for the second half kickoff. A rabbit ran out of Wisconsin's end zone and sprinted 110 yards downfield into Iowa's end zone. Wisconsin returned a punt late in the game for a touchdown, following the path of the rabbit, and gave the Badgers a 6–5 win.
The Hawkeyes were amusingly convinced that it was the rabbit that had jinxed the team. Before their Wednesday practice for the weekend's Illinois game, the team had a rabbit hunt. Catlin found and shot the unlucky rabbit, and before the game with Illinois, the members of the Hawkeye team rubbed the dead rabbit's left hind foot for good luck. It must have worked; Iowa won, 25–12. Iowa finished the year with a 3–2 record.
Catlin returned for the 1908 season. The season opening game against Coe College set the tone for the season. Two years earlier, Coe protested a game against Iowa. Iowa had won, 15–12, but there was considerable controversy surrounding the win. Iowa trailed late in the game, and Coe officials complained that the timekeeper had given the Hawkeye team extra time to get in position for the game winning score.
The Hawkeyes were determined to leave no doubt this time. They didn't. Iowa won, 92–0. It is still the second largest margin of victory in school history. However, it was a Pyrrhic victory. Five prominent players, including Carroll "Chick" Kirk and Walter "Stub" Stewart, were badly injured and did not regain their effectiveness all year. As a result, Iowa stumbled to a 2-5 record.
Mark Catlin, law degree in hand, left Iowa after the 1908 season. He had a 5–7 record in 1907–1908, and a 2–3 record in 1906. Despite the record, Catlin was a very innovative coach. He introduced the team to the game of handball to develop the team's quickness. He was also one of the first coaches to give his players oxygen when they became winded. In addition to coaching football, Catlin served as Iowa's track and cross-country coach for three years from 1906–1908. He left to coach at Lawrence University.
Lawrence
Catlin began to make his mark on Lawrence football in 1910, when the Vikings played to a 6–6 tie with Wisconsin. For the next four seasons, Lawrence was the unquestioned powerhouse of small college football in the state. Catlin's teams won four consecutive Wisconsin Intercollegiate championships from 1911–1914 and gave up just one touchdown to a small college opponent. In that stretch, Lawrence outscored its opponents 485–143.
Catlin stepped away from football following the 1918 season. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1921 to 1923 as a Republican. His son, Mark Catlin, Jr., also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was the speaker. After being defeated in the Republican primary in 1922, he returned to his law practice.
Catlin returned to football in 1924 and coached the Vikings to a 4–1–1 record and their second Midwest Conference championship. He coached for three more seasons before leaving Lawrence for good in 1927.
Catlin was a master strategist and psychologist when it came to gridiron tactics. He insisted on skin-tight dark blue jerseys, to make his team look smaller. This was the rough-and-tumble age of football, and Catlin wanted his men to be the toughest.
He allowed minimal padding, and the men wore no shoulder pads or helmets. Catlin once said, "My theory on shoulder pads is that they are unnecessary because nature has provided protection at the vital points."
Catlin earned the moniker "Coach of Champions" during his 14 years as the football coach at Lawrence University. He won five conference championships, and his record of 55–29–7 ranks him third on the school's all-time wins list.
Catlin worked as an attorney until his death of a heart attack in 1956. He was inducted into the Lawrence University Hall of Fame in 2002.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1882 births
1956 deaths
20th-century American politicians
American football ends
American football halfbacks
Basketball coaches from Illinois
American athlete-politicians
Chicago Maroons football players
Iowa Hawkeyes football coaches
Lawrence Vikings football coaches
Lawrence Vikings men's basketball coaches
All-American college football players
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Republicans
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
Sportspeople from Aurora, Illinois
Sportspeople from Appleton, Wisconsin
Wisconsin lawyers
Players of American football from Illinois
Educators from Illinois
20th-century American lawyers
Corey Stapleton (born September 17, 1967) is an American politician and musician who served as the Secretary of State of Montana from 2017 to 2021. A Republican, he served as a member of the Montana State Senate from 2001 to 2009.
In 2020, Stapleton ran to represent Montana's at-large congressional district in the United States House of Representatives, but lost the Republican primary to Matt Rosendale. After losing the House race, Stapleton announced in 2021 his intention to pursue a career as a country singer. In 2022, Stapleton announced he was considering a candidacy for President of the United States in the 2024 election.
Early life, education and military service
Stapleton was born on September 17, 1967 in Seattle. Nominated by the Secretary of the Navy, he attended the Naval Academy Preparatory School in Newport, Rhode Island. Serving as battalion adjutant and earning the Most Inspirational Wrestler Award, he entered the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, where Stapleton earned a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering.
He served as a Surface Warfare Officer aboard the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67) and the Aegis cruiser USS Hué City (CG-66). He voluntarily resigned his naval commission in 1997 to work in Billings, Montana, as a financial advisor.
Montana Senate
Elections
In 2000 he won a three-way Republican primary and then general election to become the first Generation X-er elected to the Montana Senate. In 2004, he won re-election to a second term, defeating Democrat Chris Daem 57%–43%.
Tenure
Stapleton was elected Minority Whip in 2006 until term-limited out of office in 2008. He served as Senate Minority Leader in the 2007 legislative session, which ended without a budget compromise between the Democratic-controlled senate and Republican-controlled House.
Stapleton sponsored several pieces of legislation including Otter Creek Coal development (SB409 2003) the attempted creation of a Montana medical school (SB273 2005) the Montana National Guard Relief Act (SB75) and the demand for reorganization and replacement of the Montana Department of Revenue's computer system POINTS (SB271 2003).
Stapleton served as chairman of the Montana Republican Legislative Campaign Committee, and advocated for the party's "Handshake with Montana" plan which he compared to the 1994 Republican Party "Contract with America". Montana Republicans gained the majority of the State House and shared control of the Montana State Senate with the Democratic Party in the 2006 election.
Committee assignments
Finance and Claims
Legislative Audit
Campaigns for higher office
2012 gubernatorial election
Stapleton ran for Governor of Montana with former State Senator Bob Keenan as running mate in 2012. He lost to former U.S. Congressman Rick Hill, who won the seven-candidate Republican primary with a plurality of 34% of the vote. Stapleton ranked second with 18% of the vote, sixteen points behind Hill. He won only two counties in the state: Yellowstone (33%) and Treasure (29%).
2014 U.S. Senate election
In early 2013, he decided to run for the U.S. Senate and challenge longtime Democratic incumbent Max Baucus. Stapleton criticized Baucus's record and started a petition to repeal Obamacare. In April 2013, Baucus decided to retire.
2014 U.S. House of Representatives election
After it became clear that freshman Representative Steve Daines would seek the Senate seat, Stapleton withdrew from the Senate race to instead run for Daines' seat in the House. Stapleton lost the Republican primary to Ryan Zinke.
2020 U.S. House of Representatives election
On June 15, 2019 Stapleton announced his 2020 candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives. He had initially been a candidate in the crowded 2020 Montana gubernatorial election. He lost the Republican primary to Matt Rosendale.
2024 U.S. presidential election
On March 10, 2022 Stapleton announced that he was "testing the waters" for a 2024 presidential campaign.
Secretary of State
In July 2017, Stapleton said that there had been 360 cases of voter fraud in Montana in the 2017 special congressional election. When asked to substantiate his claims, Stapleton said that he had been "incorrectly" quoted by the Associated Press and Lee Newspapers.
In October 2018, Stapleton came under scrutiny after it was revealed that a Voter Guide written, published, and mailed by the Montana Secretary of State office had failed to distinguish what changes proposed ballot initiatives would make to existing laws through underlining additions and striking deletions, instead printing the new laws without these distinguishing marks. Stapleton's office awarded the $265,000 contract to print and mail the corrections to all Montana voters to Ultra Graphics, a firm run by former state Republican Party Executive Director Jake Eaton. Stapleton claimed that Eaton's company was awarded the contract because it had submitted the lowest bid. After news reports indicated that a company in Arizona had submitted a bid for less money, Stapleton stated that the Eaton-led firm's bid was the cheapest, because it was the only one able to complete the printing and mailing on time due to being in Montana.
In June 2019, in response to a legislative audit that found he was improperly commuting in a state vehicle, Stapleton's staff claimed that he was not commuting but "teleworking." The matter was turned over to the Helena Police Department. A city attorney refused to file charges, referring to the expiration of a one year statute of limitations, although an AP investigation alleged further potential violations occurring after the period of the audit.
In February 2019, Stapleton was fined $4,000 by Montana's Commissioner of Political Practices for four separate violations of State law in using resources from his Secretary of State office to announce his gubernatorial campaign.
Personal life
Stapleton married his wife Terry in 1992 in Great Falls. They have four children. Stapleton has served on various community boards including Montana Manufacturing Extension board, Rotary, American Legion, and the Montana School for the Deaf and Blind foundation.
References
External links
|-
|-
1967 births
American adoptees
Candidates in the 2020 United States elections
Living people
Montana Republicans
Montana state senators
Politicians from Great Falls, Montana
Politicians from Seattle
Secretaries of State of Montana
United States Naval Academy alumni
Wecoma may refer to:
RV Wecoma, a seagoing research marine vessel based in Newport, Oregon operated by NOAA and OSU
Wecoma, Oregon, a community of the Oregon Coast which was merged into Oceanlake, Oregon in 1945—which in 1965—merged with four other cities to form Lincoln City
Wecoma Beach, the current beach adjacent to the former community
"Ocean" is a song by English group Goldfrapp from their seventh studio album Silver Eye (2017). It was released as the album's first promotional single on 10 March 2017 through Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton. An electronic and synth-rock song, "Ocean" marks the return of Goldfrapp's heavy use of synths in their music. Written in couplets, the lyrics were described as dark by several commentators. Critics also drew comparisons between "Ocean" and the works of other musicians and groups, such as Shirley Manson, Nine-Inch Nails, and Depeche Mode.
The song generated positive feedback from music critics, with most of them acclaiming it for being emotional and dramatic. Others noted that "Ocean" served as a strong album closer to Silver Eye. A remix of "Ocean" was released on 21 May 2018 as the fourth single from Silver Eye and the first from the deluxe edition reissue of the album. It features guest vocals from Depeche Mode frontman Dave Gahan. A music video for this version of "Ocean" was also released and serves as a continuation to prior music videos created for Silver Eye.
Background and release
"Ocean" was the first of two promotional singles to be released from Silver Eye, with the other being "Moon in Your Mouth" which was released two weeks later; the song was distributed to digital retailers on 10 March 2017 through Mute Records following its initial debut on Billboards official website. It was written and produced by members Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory with The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton serving as additional producers. While creating material for Silver Eye, the duo had trouble writing songs that they actually enjoyed; Goldfrapp claimed that "it always takes about three months to write all the rubbish out of your system before you get something you like". Along with the announcement of "Ocean" as a promotional single, tickets for a promotional tour for Silver Eye were made available for purchase, with show legs in Europe and the United States.
Composition and lyrics
Speaking on behalf of its sound, Gary Graff from Billboard compared the electronic sound in "Ocean" to Goldfrapp's previous albums Black Cherry (2003) and Supernature (2005). Additionally, he felt that the track is unlike their previous release, Tales of Us (2013), in that it does not contain a "pastoral" sound. Instead, the track contains "heavy electronic beats" and an emphasis on "pulse-pounding synths". Both Goldfrapp and Gregory acknowledged the return to using synths in their music, with the former claiming that it created a "tougher sound" to the track overall. Categorizing the genre of the song as synth-rock, Alexa Camp from Slant Magazine claimed that she could picture Shirley Manson singing the lyrics to "Ocean". Referring to its sound as "dark" and "churning", Spins Anna Gaca noted the "pounding industrial core and [the] faintly sinister processing effect applied to [her] vocals". Labelling the track as a ballad, Sean T. Collins from Pitchfork declared it the cri de coeur on Silver Eye. He further explained that the lyrics contain imagery depicting nature and that the composition uses "big, echoey washes of sound" in order to produce an "enveloping, absorbing, and suffocating" sound.
In a series of couplets, Goldfrapp sings "I borrowed bones, I borrowed skin / To save me from the hell I'm in, your fantasy / And every time I think of you / I see the dark, I hear their hooves", which registers a theme of transformation, according to Chris White from musicOMH. Towards the song's end, she repeats "they're coming for you" in a "reedy and distorted" voice. The track's sound was compared to the works of Depeche Mode and Nine-Inch Nails by David Chiu of Consequence of Sound. Furthermore, Chris Gerard, a writer for PopMatters, compared the production's sound to being intoxicated.
Critical reception
"Ocean" generally received praise from contemporary music critics. Heather Phares from AllMusic applauded its role as the closing track on Silver Eye for containing "operatic drama" and an "industrial crunch". Similarly, Anna Gaca from Spin found it necessary for "Ocean" to be the album's final track; she wrote that it "is so heavy and foreboding that is practically has to end the album, for fear of sinking it if were it to appear any earlier in the sequence". Additionally, Gaca claimed that the listener could decipher the outside collaborators that contributed to both "Ocean" and album track "Zodiac Black". Calling it a "rather dramatic close" on the album, Chiu from Consequence of Sound speculated that it may be Goldfrapp's "heaviest and most emotional song" from their recently recorded material. Listing "Ocean" as an example, The Guardians Alexis Petridis said that the Haxan Cloak's production on several tracks on Silver Eye seemed like a "conscious attempt to meld the two polarities of Goldfrapp's sound". Because of this, she thought that the song "prickle[d] with chilly malevolence". Olivia Riggio, a writer for The Ithacan, complimented Goldfrapp's vocals and the "ominous and powerful" lyrics; she stated that the song should in fact "be called 'Odyssey' because it is an epic". However, Sam Steiger of Hot Press was more negative to the song, stating that although it's interesting, "overall the sensation is of treading water".
Single version
A remix of "Ocean" featuring guest vocals from English musician Dave Gahan was released as a digital download on 21 May 2018. It is included on the deluxe edition reissue of Silver Eye, which was released on 6 July 2018; the remix was released simultaneously with the pre-order for the album. Regarding the collaboration, the group issued a statement: "Working with Dave Gahan on the new version of 'Ocean' had been a real honor for us as a band." A promotional CD single of "Ocean" was also released in a limited distribution by Mute Records.
Kory Grow from Rolling Stone noted how Gahan's baritone vocals "add[ed] a little warmth to the choruses". Noting influence from synthpop, Stereogums Tom Breihan compared the remix to the works of Gahan's band Depeche Mode, particularly songs from the group's seventh studio album, Violator (1990).
The remix received mostly positive reviews from music critics. Lauren O'Neill from Noisey wrote in her article that the remix was "the sort of collab that should have happened much sooner". She went on to say that the Goldfrapp and Depeche Mode seem to have chemistry, musically, which made the remix successful. One year later, Kaye wrote an extended review of the new version: "Unsurprisingly, Gahan slips in comfortably, sitting in between the pounding electronics and Alison Goldfrapp's own vocals like he was always meant to be there."
Music video
A music video for the remix of "Ocean" was also released on 21 May 2018. It was directed by Alison Goldfrapp and serves as an extension to the various music videos created for Silver Eye, including previous singles "Anymore" and "Everything Is Never Enough". Like the aforementioned videos, the shots of Goldfrapp singing were filmed in Fuerteventura. She appears in a dress and veil while "slow-motion scenes of horses appear" are shown as Gahan sings. He filmed his parts while touring with Depeche Mode in Madrid.
Track listing and formats
References
External links
2017 songs
2018 singles
Goldfrapp songs
Songs written by Alison Goldfrapp
Songs written by Will Gregory
A digital potentiometer (also called a resistive digital-to-analog converter, or informally a digipot) is a digitally-controlled electronic component that mimics the analog functions of a potentiometer. It is often used for trimming and scaling analog signals by microcontrollers.
Design
A digital potentiometer is built either from a resistor ladder integrated circuit or a digital-to-analog converter although a resistor ladder construction is the more common. Every step on the resistor ladder has its own switch which can connect this step to the output terminal of the potentiometer. The selected step on the ladder determines the resistance ratio of the digital potentiometer. The number of steps is normally indicated with a bit of value e.g. 8 bits equals 256 steps; 8 bits is the most common, but resolutions between 5 and 10 bits (32 to 1024 steps) are available. A digital potentiometer uses digital protocols like I²C or Serial Peripheral Interface Bus for signalling; some use simpler up/down protocols. Some typical uses of digital potentiometers are in circuits requiring gain control of amplifiers (frequently instrumentation amplifiers), small-signal audio-balancing, and offset adjustment.
Most digital potentiometers use only volatile memory, which means they forget their position when they are powered down (on power up they will report a default value, often their midpoint value) - when these are used, their last position may be stored by the microcontroller or FPGA to which they are interfaced. Some digipots do include their own non-volatile storage, so their default reading on power up will be the same as they showed before they were powered down.
Limitations
While quite similar to normal potentiometers, digital potentiometers are constrained by current limit in the range of tens of milliamperes. Also, most digital potentiometers limit the voltage range on the two input terminals (of the resistor) to the digital supply range (0–5 VDC), so additional circuitry is required to replace a conventional potentiometer. Further, instead of the seemingly continuous control that can be obtained from a multiturn resistive potentiometer, digital potentiometers have discrete steps in resistance. (Schematic needed)
Another constraint is that special logic is often required to check for zero crossing of an analog AC signal to allow the resistance value to be changed without causing an audible click in the output for audio amplifiers. (Schematic needed)
Volatile digital potentiometers also differ from electro-mechanical ones in that on power up, the resistance will default to (possibly) a different value after a power cycle. Similarly, their resistance is only valid when the correct DC supply voltage is present. When voltage is removed, the resistance between the two end points and the (nominal) wiper are undefined. In an operational amplifier circuit, the off-state impedance of a real potentiometer can help stabilize the DC operating point of the circuit during the power-up stage. This may not be the case when a digital potentiometer is used.
Both electro-mechanical and digital potentiometers generally have poor tolerances (typically ±20%), poor temperature coefficients (many hundreds of ppm per degree C), and a stop resistance that is typically about 0.5-1% of the full scale resistance. Note that stop resistance is the residual resistance when the terminal to wiper resistance is set to the minimum value.
A multiplying DAC used as a digital potentiometer can eliminate most of these limitations. Typically a signal span of +15V to -15V is possible, with 16 bit control, i.e. 65535 discrete set points, and drift and non-linearity are negligible. However a DAC has to be initialised each time the system is powered on, which is typically done by software in an embedded microcontroller. A multiplying DAC can not be directly used as a rheostat (2 wire connection), but in that mode a digipot performs badly anyway, due to its temperature coefficient and resistance tolerance.
See also
Console automation
References
External links
Digital potentiometer - the Resistor Guide
Designing with Intersil Digitally Controlled Potentiometers (XDCPs)
Resistive components
de:Potentiometer#Elektronische Potentiometer
is a private women's junior college in Nagasaki, Japan, established in 1966. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1896.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1896
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagasaki Prefecture
1896 establishments in Japan
John Alexander Reina Newlands (26 November 1837 – 29 July 1898) was a British chemist who worked concerning the periodicity of elements.
Biography
Newlands was born in London in England, at West Square in Lambeth, the son of a Scottish Presbyterian minister and his Italian wife.
He was home-schooled by his father, and later studied at the Royal College of Chemistry, now part of Imperial College London. He was interested in social reform and during 1860 served as a volunteer with Giuseppe Garibaldi in his military campaign to unify Italy. Returning to London, Newlands established himself as an analytical chemist in 1864. In 1868 he became chief chemist of James Duncan's London sugar refinery, where he introduced a number of improvements in processing. Later he quit the refinery and again became an analyst with his brother, Benjamin.
Newlands was the first person to devise a periodic table of chemical elements arranged in order of their relative atomic masses. Continuing Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner's work with triads and Jean-Baptiste Dumas' families of similar elements, he published in 1865 his 'Law of Octaves', which stated that 'any given element will exhibit analogous behaviour to the eighth element following it in the table'. Newlands arranged all of the known elements, starting with hydrogen and ending with thorium (atomic weight 232), into eight groups of seven, which he likened to octaves of music. In Newlands' table, the elements were ordered by the atomic weights that were known at the time and were numbered sequentially to show their order. Groups were shown going across the table, with periods going down – the opposite from the modern form of the periodic table.
The incompleteness of the table alluded to the possible existence of additional, undiscovered elements. However, the Law of Octaves was ridiculed by some of Newlands' contemporaries, and the Society of Chemists did not accept his work for publication.
After Dmitri Mendeleev and Lothar Meyer received the Davy Medal from the Royal Society for their later 'discovery' of the periodic table in 1882, Newlands fought for recognition of his earlier work and eventually received the Davy Medal in 1887.
John Newlands died due to complications of surgery at his home in Lower Clapton, Middlesex and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery. His businesses were continued after his death by his younger brother, Benjamin.
Works
See also
History of the periodic table
References
Further reading
External links
Cartage biography
Newlands on classification of elements
1837 births
1898 deaths
People from Southwark
English chemists
Analytical chemists
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
People involved with the periodic table
English people of Scottish descent
English people of Italian descent
Druze Scouts Association in Israel (, , , ) is an Israeli Druze coed Scouting and Guiding association with about 5,000 members. It is the largest Druze youth organization.
The Druze Scouts in Israel are led by Salman Hamud Fallah (1935-2016), who started the organization in 1954. The organization is a member organization of the Israel Boy and Girl Scouts Federation.
Falach returned from study in the United States in 1975 and has headed the association since.
Currently there are Druze Scout tribes in all the Druze villages in Israel, the Golan Heights, Galilee and Carmel. Druze Scouting operates within the school system, and each Druze school has its own troop, from elementary-level through high school.
See also
Arab and Druze Scouts Movement
Druze in Israel
References
Scouting and Guiding in Israel
World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts member organizations
World Organization of the Scout Movement member organizations
Youth organizations established in 1954
Youth organizations based in Israel
Druze community in Israel
Angel (, translit. Angelos) is a 1982 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Katakouzinos. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot
A young gay man in Athens, Angelos, keeps his sexual identity a secret from his family. He falls hard for a rough sailor, Mihalis, and moves in with him. Mihalis convinces Angelos to dress in drag and work a corner with other transvestites. With the money, Mihalis buys a fancy motorcycle and hangs out in bars.
By day, Angelos is in the army; at night, he is a prostitute. At Christmas, he visits his grandmother and learns that both she and his mother were also prostitutes. A crisis ensues when neighborhood men beat up Angelos: his family is informed, the army discharges him, and his father goes crazy. Then Mihalis wants Angelos gone.
Cast
Michalis Maniatis as Angelos
Dionysis Xanthos as Mihalis
Katerina Helmy as Angelos' Mother
Vasilis Tsaglos as Angelos' Father
Giorgos Bartis as Angelos' Ex-boyfriend
Maria Alkeou as Angelos' Grandmother
See also
List of submissions to the 55th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Greek submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1982 films
1982 drama films
1982 LGBT-related films
Greek LGBT-related films
Greek drama films
1980s Greek-language films
LGBT-related drama films
Films set in Athens
Films about male prostitution
Drag (clothing)-related films
A digital organism is a self-replicating computer program that mutates and evolves. Digital organisms are used as a tool to study the dynamics of Darwinian evolution, and to test or verify specific hypotheses or mathematical models of evolution. The study of digital organisms is closely related to the area of artificial life.
History
Digital organisms can be traced back to the game Darwin, developed in 1961 at Bell Labs, in which computer programs had to compete with each other by trying to stop others from executing . A similar implementation that followed this was the game Core War. In Core War, it turned out that one of the winning strategies was to replicate as fast as possible, which deprived the opponent of all computational resources. Programs in the Core War game were also able to mutate themselves and each other by overwriting instructions in the simulated "memory" in which the game took place. This allowed competing programs to embed damaging instructions in each other that caused errors (terminating the process that read it), "enslaved processes" (making an enemy program work for you), or even change strategies mid-game and heal themselves.
Steen Rasmussen at Los Alamos National Laboratory took the idea from Core War one step further in his core world system by introducing a genetic algorithm that automatically wrote programs. However, Rasmussen did not observe the evolution of complex and stable programs. It turned out that the programming language in which core world programs were written was very brittle, and more often than not mutations would completely destroy the functionality of a program.
The first to solve the issue of program brittleness was Thomas S. Ray with his Tierra system, which was similar to core world. Ray made some key changes to the programming language such that mutations were much less likely to destroy a program. With these modifications, he observed for the first time computer programs that did indeed evolve in a meaningful and complex way.
Later, Chris Adami, Titus Brown, and Charles Ofria started developing their Avida system, which was inspired by Tierra but again had some crucial differences. In Tierra, all programs lived in the same address space and could potentially execute or otherwise interfere with each other's code. In Avida, on the other hand, each program lives in its own address space. Because of this modification, experiments with Avida became much cleaner and easier to interpret than those with Tierra. With Avida, digital organism research has begun to be accepted as a valid contribution to evolutionary biology by a growing number of evolutionary biologists. Evolutionary biologist Richard Lenski of Michigan State University has used Avida extensively in his work. Lenski, Adami, and their colleagues have published in journals such as Nature and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (USA).
In 1996, Andy Pargellis created a Tierra-like system called Amoeba that evolved self-replication from a randomly seeded initial condition. More recently REvoSim - a software package based around binary digital organisms - has allowed evolutionary simulations of large populations that can be run for geological timescales.
See also
Related topics and overviews
Artificial life
Evolutionary computation
Genetic algorithms
Combinatorial optimization
Cellular automaton
Specific programs
List of digital organism simulators
Evolution@Home
Polyworld
References
Further reading
Artificial life
Evolutionary biology
Evolutionary computation
is a private women's junior college in Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan, established in 1979.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1979
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ishikawa Prefecture
1979 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Jamyang Kyi is a noted Tibetan singer, feminist and writer, journalist, and a prominent television broadcaster. She was born in 1965 in Amdo, northeastern region of Tibet.
Early life
Jamyang Kyi was born in 1965 in Amdo, traditional province of northeast Tibet. She is originating from a Tibetan rural family of the prefecture of Tsolho, or Hainan Prefecture. She lives in the city of Xining, and is married and has two daughters, the elder, 17 years old, attending schooling in Beijing and the younger, 5 years, living in Xining.
Singing career
Tibetan Singer, she composes herself the songs that she interprets. Since the 90', she recorded several albums of which "Prayer", "Karma" and "distant Lover". Jamyang Kyi became very popular in Tibet since her album "heart Message" in 1997. The music of Jamyang Kyi is influenced by the modern folk music and traditional of different regions of Tibet.
A journalist, writer, television presenter
Jamyang Kyi is also a journalist of television, and a writer. She has presented programs in Tibetan of state-run television station in Qinghai during more than 20 years. Since 2005, she composed essays on the fate of Tibetan women. She published articles including one on the illegal dealings in girls (Qinghai Daily, edition in Tibetan language, 11/30/05) and the statute of women in the Tibetan society. She described in particular the existence of forced marriages.
She also published articles on the education and inter-ethniques relations. After her trip to the United States in 2006, she also was very interested in the protection of the culture and to the equality between men and women, and published texts on these subjects on her blog.
She wrote a book in Tibetan on Tibetan women fate and the preservation of the Tibetan culture, "Fortunes and misfortunes of the women – Snows and mixed rains" that should have appeared in 2007 to the Editions of the nationalities of the Gansu. Feminist, one can suppose that she has been influenced by reading The Second Sex of Simone de Beauvoir translated in Chinese.
Arrest in Tibet
In the context of the 2008 Tibetan unrest, Jamyang Kyi was arrested April 1, 2008 by the Chinese police on her work place, to the chain of State Qinghai Television suggesting that the Chinese government crackdown after the unrest in and around Tibet is continuing
Khawa Karpo-Tibet Culture Centre, a Tibetan association based in exile in India confirmed the arrest of Jamyang Kyi. She was released on May 20, 2008
According to Radio Free Asia, Jamyang Kyi could have been questioned about a trip to the United States in March 2006 in New York where she produced herself with of other Tibetan artists. Policemen came at her residence to seize documents and her computer.
Reporters without borders launched April 17 a call to the European Union and requests the immediate release of Jamyang Kyi.
She was released May 20, 2008, but she is awaiting trial.
See also
Political prisoner
References
External links
Tsering gyurmey and jamyang kyi song -Le tro youtube.com
"They" by Jamyang Kyi
"Letters to Norzin Wangmo" by Jamyang Kyi
"Third Letter to my Friend Norzin Wangmo" by Jamyang Kyi
"To Go Sherab Gyatso la" by Jamyang Kyi
"Answers to Three Questions" by Jamyang Kyi
1965 births
Living people
21st-century Chinese women singers
Chinese television presenters
Tibetan activists
Tibetan feminists
Tibetan journalists
Tibetan women journalists
20th-century Tibetan women singers
Tibetan women writers
Writers from Qinghai
People from Hainan Prefecture
Singers from Qinghai
Chinese women television presenters
Chinese women journalists
21st-century Tibetan women singers
Egulbati is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain. Since 1960, it has not been populated.
Geography
Egulbati is located 14km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Patrick Lichty is a conceptual media artist, activist, curator, and educator. Lichty is currently a Creative Digital Media professor at Winona State University.
Artwork
RTMark/The Yes Men
Lichty was part of the activist collective RTMark (pronounced "art-mark"). Lichty was also member of RTMark's successor group The Yes Men, and is featured in the collective's first documentary.
Digital Tapestry
He is a creator of digital tapestries, especially Jacquard weaving, and is noted alongside Chuck Close as a seminal contemporary artist in this genre. In December 2014, he had a solo exhibition of his tapestry and robotic drawing work called "Sensible Concepts: Mediation as a Way of Being".
Virtual Reality, Second Life, Second Front
He is a co-founder of Second Front, a pioneering Second Life performance art group.
Augmented Reality, Manifest.AR, Shared Universe
Lichty was an associate member of the first Augmented Reality art collective, https://manifest-ar.art/.
New Media Curation
Lichty is a noted New Media art curator, speaking at venues such as the Tate Modern, and is published in the book, New Media in the White Cube and Beyond: Curatorial Models for Digital Art, edited by Whitney Museum of American Art digital curator, Christiane Paul.
In December 2021, Lichty curated Through the Mesh: Media, Borders, and Firewalls at the NeMe Art Center in Limassol, Cyprus
Residencies, recognition, and awards
Summer School: Curatorial Masterclass (with CRUMB) (2009)
Virginia Center for the Creative Arts Residency (2013)
Herb Alpert Foundation/CalArts Fellowship (Film/Video - RTMark) 2002
Eyebeam Artist in Residence 2009
Collections/Galleries
Lichty's work is in collections of The Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, MN and the Smithsonian. He also works as a curator and critic.
Bibliography
References
External links
Artists from Ohio
Living people
Mass media theorists
New media artists
Internet art
Critical theorists
Bowling Green State University alumni
1962 births
Reus is a Dutch (), German () and Catalan () surname. (De) reus means "(the) giant" in middle and modern Dutch, and the surname has a descriptive origin. In Germany, the name may have its origin in the Middle Low German word ruse for a fish trap, or from a regional term reuse for a small stream or channel. People with this surname include:
Christian Reus-Smit (born 1961), Australian international relations scholar
Francisco Reus-Froylan (1919–2008), Puerto Rican Episcopalian Bishop
(1872–19350, Dutch architect
Hesterine de Reus (born 1961), Dutch football player and coach
Johann Baptist Reus (1868–1947), German Jesuit priest, missionary and theologian in Brazil
Julian Reus (born 1988), German sprinter
Kai Reus (born 1985), Dutch cyclist
Marco Reus (born 1989), German football forward
(born 1969), Dutch volleyball player
Ruben Reus (born 1984), Dutch figure skater
Timo Reus (born 1974), German football goalkeeper
Two brothers "Sastre Reus" from Majorca:
Luis Sastre Reus (born 1986), Spanish football midfielder
Rafel Sastre Reus (born 1975), Spanish football defender
See also
Reuss (surname)
Reus
References
Catalan-language surnames
Dutch-language surnames
German-language surnames
Lakeside Amusement Park is a family-owned amusement park in Lakeside, Colorado, adjacent to Denver. Originally named White City, it was opened in 1908 as a popular amusement resort adjacent to Lake Rhoda by the Denver Tramway, making it a trolley park. The amusement park was soon sold to Denver brewer Adolph Zang. Eventually the name was changed to Lakeside Amusement Park, but the local populace kept referring to it by its original name for its glittering original display of over 100,000 lights. Today it is one of only thirteen trolley parks operating and one of the oldest amusement parks in the United States, and the oldest still running in Colorado. The park, comprising nearly half of the Town of Lakeside that it was responsible for creating in 1907, features the landmark Tower of Jewels.
History
The lone remaining American amusement park to have had the name White City, the park was originally built in the Exposition and White City architectural styles. Following its acquisition by Ben Krasner in the 1930s, Lakeside underwent a period of major renovations and incorporated many new features in the Art Deco style. Architect Richard L. Crowther designed much of Lakeside's Deco and Modern features and included a great deal of neon lighting in his work.
There are many examples of architectural salvage to be found throughout the park. Inside the main restaurant is a marble and mirror backbar that was saved from the Denver Union Station, one of the picnic pavilions is created from a retired center column of a ride, and the pool for the current Skoota Boats ride is an adaptive reuse of the original Shoot-the-Chutes ride.
The main office features a functioning manual telephone switchboard that is still in use.
A nominal admission fee is charged for each person entering the park. Children under the age of two are admitted free. A coupon is issued to each person paying admission that can be redeemed for a ride coupon or be used towards the purchase of an unlimited ride pass. There are three entrances: a rarely used west gate accessed from the former Lakeside Mall parking lot, a drive-through auto gate accessed from Sheridan Blvd. and a walk-in entrance at the Tower of Jewels. The admission fee is collected at these entrances; ride coupons and unlimited passes are sold inside the park. This fare structure is a frequent source of confusion for first-time visitors. Many patrons think that they are paying for parking because the admission fee is collected at the auto gate before the vehicle is parked. Consequently, some people will turn around, park outside and try to walk in through the auto gate, only to be stopped and directed to one of the cashiers, who then need to explain that parking is always free and that it costs the same to enter whether they drive or walk in.
At one time, each ride was priced individually and had its own separate ticket booth. Most of these booths were of the standalone type. One notable exception was the Cyclone coaster, which had a built-in ticket booth between the entrance and exit ramps. Eventually, ride coupons were implemented with a fixed amount for each coupon, and each ride required from one to six coupons. Coupon sales were consolidated at four locations — the train depot, the carousel, the Ferris wheel, and Kiddy Play Land. Unlimited ride passes are sold at the carousel, Ferris wheel, and Kiddy Play Land. Many of the original ticket booths are still in place and are used for storage.
Rides
Roller coasters
The Cyclone is by far the most popular ride at the park. Built in 1940, it is an ACE Coaster Classic and Coaster Landmark.
Other amusement rides
Loop-O-Plane
Rock-O-Plane
Satellite
Hurricane
Auto Skooters (Bumper Cars)
Crystal Palace
Dragon
Ferris Wheel
Flying Dutchman
Heart Flip
Matterhorn
Merry-Go-Round
Orient Express (miniature railway)
Round-Up
Scrambler
Skoota Boats (Bumper Boats)
Spider (replaced for 2018 season)
Sports Cars
Tilt-A-Whirl
Whip
Wild Chipmunk
Zoom
Of note:
The Orient Express, the lake-circling, gauge miniature railway train features the steam train locomotives "Puffing Billy" and "Whistling Tom" from the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair along with the world's first miniature gauge diesel locomotive, patterned after the California Zephyr.
The 1908 carousel was apparently made up from used figures from other carousels. Many of the animals bear characteristic designs of famed woodcarver Charles I. D. Looff. The carousel has also been credited to the Parker company, but the Lakeside horses do not have the typical Parker metal horseshoes.
Lakeside has every type of Eyerly "O-Plane" ride except for one: the "Fly-O-Plane."
Carousel details:
Type: 4 rows, Park, 3-level platform, all wood composition
Figures: 16 jumping horses, 16 standing horses, 4 chariots; figures include 2 bears, 4 burros, 3 deer, 4 dogs, 5 goats, 2 lions, 4 pigs, 4 rabbits, 2 tigers, 2 zebras, 2 panthers, 1 cheetah, 2 monkeys, and 3 cougars
Music: band organ music via pre-recorded audio tape played through loudspeakers, although a non-functioning Wurlitzer #157 Band Organ mock up is present
Kiddie rides
Coaster
Flying Tigers
Turtles
Wet Boats
Jolly Choo-Choo
Frog Hopper
Granny Bug
Horse & Buggy
Dry Boats
Captain Hook
Sky Fighters
Midge-o-Racers
Kiddie Whip
Motorcycles
Mini Skater
Former attractions
Original rides in the park which are no longer around include the Shoot-The-Chutes (a splash-down water ramp ride) at the park's south center, the Scenic Railway at its southern end (an elevated track over long), the lofty Velvet Coaster, a Coney Island Tickler, the Double-Whirl, the Staride, the Lakeside Speedway, and the Circle Wave. W.H. Labb of Indianapolis designed the Shoot-The-Chutes and Velvet Coaster, the latter intended to be a combination of the Foster coaster at Chicago's White City and a type of figure-8, with framework long and with dips and turns a total of . The Scenic Railway, the Glide and other attractions were destroyed by a fire on November 15, 1911. The skeletal remains of the Staride, a former Ferris wheel-type ride on the north side of the park, still stand. The sign for the old Speed Boats attraction, plus the pier for boarding, also stands vacant with a fence across the bridge stairs.
Other closed rides include the Tumble Bug, which operated from the 1930s until 1985, the Rocket Ships that closed after 1982, the Sky Slide removed sometime in the 1970s, the Paratrooper and the HeartFlip. Other later rides that are no longer open include the Flight to Mars portable travelling dark ride that could be found at the park into the early 2000s and was rented by Wisdom Industries, Sterling, Colorado, the Starship 2000, another short lived ride also from Wisom Industries of Sterling, Colorado, and the Rotor which is unknown when it opened or closed.
From the late 1930s through 1988, Lakeside Amusement Park operated Lakeside Speedway on the park grounds. The auto racetrack was a oval and featured races of three car classes sponsored by CARC: stock, limited modified and fully modified. The race track was built on the site of the park's original baseball diamond and incorporated the original stands into the new use. The Track is standing but Abandoned As a some what junkyard
Through 1985, there was a Funhouse located on the site now occupied by the Dragon. The Funhouse featured an animated Fat Lady mannequin (Laffing Sal, also known as Laughing Sal) that signaled the opening of the Funhouse and the main park in the evening by loud laughter. Inside, there were slides, moving floors, spinning discs, rolling barrels, and catwalks.
While not considered a ride, there was a Casino Theater just south of the Tower of Jewels. Concerts, plays, and dance marathons were held there while it was in operation. The building is still in place and is used for storage. Also still in place is the old Riviera ballroom.
Media references
Lakeside is one of several parks featured in the 1999 public television program Great Old Amusement Parks.
Lakeside Amusement Park shares its name with a setting included in the video games Silent Hill & Silent Hill 3 by Konami.
Scenes from the movie Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead were also shot inside of the park.
Featured in a Westword Profile: "After 110 Years of Ups and Downs, a New Coaster Could Take Lakeside to New Heights."
Lawsuit
In 2014, members of the Domino Service Dogs training group were denied access to the miniature train ride unless they wanted to leave their service dogs behind. As a result, the Cross Disability Coalition filed a lawsuit against the park alleging violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act and Colorado's laws ensuring access. The police department and the town of Lakeside were also included as defendants in the suit.
References
External links
Lakeside Amusement Park
After 110 Years of Ups and Downs, a New Coaster Could Take Lakeside to New Heights Westword. Denver, CO
Lakeside Amusement Park historic photos from the Denver Public Library
Lakeside Amusement Park photos and video at Theme Park Review
1908 establishments in Colorado
1 ft 10¾ in gauge railways in the United States
Amusement parks in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Jefferson County, Colorado
Carousels in Colorado
Landmarks in Colorado
Roller coasters in Colorado
Tourist attractions in Jefferson County, Colorado
The Lloyd's Agency Network was established in August 1811 by the then Committee of Lloyd's of London. They resolved that it is highly important to the interests of Underwriters, that a regular and universal system of intelligence and superintendence should be established in all the Principal Ports and Places, both at home and abroad..., and so the first Agents were appointed at Dover, Deal, Margate, Charleston, Antigua and Madeira.
The Agency Network developed quickly from its inception in 1811 and by the middle of the 19th century over three hundred Agents had been established worldwide. Today, the network comprises over 300 Lloyd's Agents and a similar number of Sub Agents in every major port and commercial centre in the world. Their primary purpose is to provide a range of surveying and adjusting services to the global insurance market and its customers. To locate a Lloyd's Agent please visit the Lloyd's Agency Directory
Financial services companies established in 1811
Insurance companies of the United Kingdom
Bhanu Lal Saha is a member of 12th Tripura Legislative Assembly and was also a member of 5th, 10th and 11th Assembly and Former Finance Minister of Tripura. He belongs to Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represents Bishalgarh constituency.
References
Living people
Tripura politicians
Bengali people
Tripura MLAs 2018–2023
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tripura MLAs 2008–2013
Tripura MLAs 2013–2018
Tripura MLAs 1983–1988
Kathleen Joan Reichs (née Toelle, born 1950) is an American crime writer, forensic anthropologist and academic. She is an adjunct professor of anthropology at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
Early life and education
Kathleen Joan Toelle was born in 1950 in Chicago, Illinois.
She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree with a major in anthropology from American University in 1971. In 1972, she completed her Master of Arts in physical anthropology from Northwestern University, and in 1975 she completed her Ph.D. in physical anthropology from Northwestern.
Academia and anthropology
Since 1975, Reichs has taught at Northern Illinois University, University of Pittsburgh, Concordia University, and McGill University, and holds a position as adjunct professor of anthropology at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. In the past, Kathy Reichs has consulted for the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in North Carolina.
Reichs has appeared in Tanzania to testify at the United Nations's International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. She has assisted Clyde Snow and the Foundation for Guatemalan Forensic Anthropology in an exhumation in the area of Lake Atitlan in the highlands of southwest Guatemala. She was a member of the Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team assigned to assist at the World Trade Center disaster.
She is one of 100 anthropologists certified by the American Board of Forensic Anthropology and is on the board of directors of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences. She is also affiliated with the Laboratoire des Sciences Judiciaires et de Médecine Légale for the province of Quebec.
Fiction
In addition to technical books, as of January 2019, Reichs has written 21 novels, which have been translated into 30 languages. 20 of those novels constitute the "Temperance Brennan" series. Her first novel, Déjà Dead, won the 1997 Arthur Ellis Award for Best First Novel.
The fictional heroine in her novels, Temperance "Tempe" Brennan, is also a forensic anthropologist. Her lifestyle closely mimics that of her creator, with Reichs stating that Brennan and she "have the same CV" and that "Some of Tempe's personality traits are also mine," but there are differences in their personal lives, such as the character's alcoholism. A good portion of the novels are based on real life science, and Reichs has stated that she is "fastidiously conscientious about getting the science right."
She has used experience from her career in her novels and said about Déjà Dead that "Everything I describe in the book, I actually did." In the novel Grave Secrets, she uses her experience from her visit to Guatemala.
She has also written the young adult novels series named Virals, centered on Tempe's great-niece, Tory Brennan, and a pack of her friends, Ben, Hiram, Shelton, and wolfdog Cooper.
A stand-alone novel, Two Nights, published July 11, 2017, features Sunday Night, a tough-talking, scarred heroine.
Television
The 2005 Fox television series Bones is inspired by Reichs' life and writing. The series borrows the name of the books' heroine, Temperance "Bones" Brennan. As in the books, Brennan (Emily Deschanel) is a forensic anthropologist; however, there are many differences: the television character is younger, more socially awkward, and is based in the Jeffersonian, a fictionalized version of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. Additionally, the TV-Brennan moonlights as an author, writing about a fictional forensic anthropologist named Kathy Reichs. Aside from the character name and occupation, there are few tie-ins between the TV show and the books.
Reichs works as a producer on the show to "keep the science honest". She appeared in the second-season episode "Judas on a Pole", playing Professor Constance Wright, a forensic anthropologist on the board conducting Zack Addy's dissertation defense. She wrote the Season Five episode "The Witch in the Wardrobe" and the Season Nine episode "The Dude in the Dam" and the Season Eleven episode "The Stiff in the Cliff" with her daughter Kerry.
Casey Anthony murder trial
In 2011, Reichs was an expert witness in the Casey Anthony murder trial. Reichs was reluctant to get involved, but later agreed and performed a full skeletal analysis of Anthony's daughter, Caylee, but could not determine a cause of death. She concluded that there was no evidence of abuse and that the child appeared to be well-nourished.
Personal life
Reichs has two daughters, Kerry and Courtney, and a son Brendan.
Selected works
Academic papers
Academic books
Temperance Brennan series
Stand-alone books
Virals series
This series was co-authored by Reich's son, Brendan Reichs. Tory Brennan, the great niece of Temperance Brennan, is the titular character of this series.
Novellas
Reichs has released six downloadable short stories:
References
External links
Kathy Reichs: Turning a lifelong career into writing success at Jarrah Loh.com
Kathy Reichs Interview Shots Ezine October 2012
EBc-KReichs Kathy Reichs in Encyclopedia Britannica
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American forensic scientists
University of North Carolina at Charlotte faculty
American mystery writers
Television producers from Illinois
American women television producers
American University alumni
Forensic anthropologists
Northwestern University alumni
Women mystery writers
Writers from Chicago
1950 births
Living people
American women novelists
Women forensic scientists
Canadian women scientists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
Members of the Order of Canada
Novelists from Illinois
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American women anthropologists
Canadian women anthropologists
Bones (TV series)
Edward R. Hauser (August 29, 1916 – September 8, 2014) was an American animal scientist who served as professor and chairman of the Department of Meat and Animal Science at University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Birth and education
Edward R. Hauser was born on August 29, 1916, in La Crosse, Wisconsin. One of four children of Swiss immigrant parents from Wiedlisbach, Canton Bern, Switzerland, he left the family dairy to study at the University of Wisconsin–Madison where he received the BS in Animal Husbandry in 1938. He was a letterman on the 1936 wrestling team. He obtained the MS degree in Animal Science at Oklahoma A&M University in 1939 where he studied reproductive performance of sheep. He was then appointed assistant professor at Clemson College in South Carolina. In 1943 he joined the US Navy – serving in World War II as a Ltjg on the . He was a veteran of the battles of Peleliu, Iwo Jima and Okinawa. Near the end of WWII in 1945, he served as a peacekeeper in Shanghai China, helping the Chinese get the Japanese out of China. After the Navy, he returned to Clemson as an associate professor in 1946. In 1947 he began his PhD work at the University of Missouri in reproductive physiology studying genetic control of boar development under the supervision of Gordon Dickerson. In retirement, he enjoyed travel, reading, boating, socializing with relatives. and serving as a docent at the Swiss Historical Museum in New Glarus WI - a cause he donated money to.
Career at Wisconsin
In 1949 he became an assistant professor in the Department of Meat and Animal Science at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He remained there for the remainder of his career and retired in 1988 with the rank of professor emeritus.
Research
Hauser was best known for his research on biological efficiency of the life cycle of beef cattle with special emphasis on genotype x environment interactions. This research was conducted largely with identical twin cattle. He subsequently did study that, for the first time, demonstrated that photoperiod modified the processes leading to puberty and postpartum fertility in cattle.
Notes
1916 births
2014 deaths
People from La Crosse, Wisconsin
Logan High School (La Crosse, Wisconsin) alumni
University of Missouri alumni
Oklahoma State University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Clemson University faculty
Jorunn Kjellsby (born 7 April 1944) is a Norwegian actress. She has worked both for Trøndelag Teater (1961–1963), Oslo Nye Teater (1968–1970) and Det Norske Teateret (1971–). She has also had almost 30 movies, such as Bryllupsfesten (1989) and Den som frykter ulven (2004). In 2006 she was awarded an honorary Amanda Award.
Select filmography
Lasse & Geir (1976)
Operasjon Cobra (1978)
Life and Death (1980)
Hotel St. Pauli (1988)
Bryllupsfesten (1989)
Lakki (1992)
Høyere enn himmelen (1993)
Amatørene (2001)
Den som frykter ulven (2004)
Rovdyr (2008)
A Somewhat Gentle Man (2010)
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Norwegian film actresses
Norwegian stage actresses
Hull Ionians is a rugby union club in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The first team play in English rugby's National League 2 North, the fourth tier of the English rugby union system, following their relegation from National League 1 at the end of the 2019–20 season. Their home ground is Brantingham Park, which opened in September 1995 and is in the village of Brantingham, which is off the A63 road between Brough and South Cave.
History
Hull Ionians was formed in 1989 by the merger of Hull and East Riding with Ionians.
The club has played in the upper echelons of regional rugby throughout its history but in 2012–13 the club won National Division 2 North and were promoted to National League 1 for season 2013–14. They were immediately relegated back to National League 2 North but were promoted the following season, playing at the third level of English club rugby for the second time.
Honours
North 1 v Midlands 1 promotion play-off winners (2): 2001–02, 2004–05
National League 2 North champions (3): 2012–13, 2014–15, 2018–19
Current standings
References
External links
Official website
1989 establishments in England
English rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 1989
Rugby union in Yorkshire
Sport in Kingston upon Hull
Embroidered binding, also referred to as needlework or textile binding, describes a book bound in textile, decorated with a design on both covers created for the individual book.
History
Embroidered bindings were produced by professional as well as amateur embroiderers or needleworkers.
Examples of embroidered bookbindings are known throughout England and Europe from the 13th century to the present, and were most popular in England during the first half of the 17th century. These bindings were most often created for prayer books, Bibles, devotional texts, and as presentation copies for clergy or the Royal family.
Designs
Designs include flowers and foliage, sacred emblems or royal portraits, arabesque, heraldic, or figural elements. "The most common designs were Old Testament scenes featuring Adam and Eve, Moses and Aaron, Solomon and the Queen of Sheba, or David playing his harp, and New Testament scenes and figures of the saints. There were also allegorical figures, such as Peace and Plenty or Faith and Hope, flora and fauna, and heraldic subjects. The use of portraits came into fashion in the 17th century. Initials and coats of arms were added to personalize the work."
Materials
Materials utilized to create embroidered bindings included linen, colored silk or metallic thread, pearls and sequins used in decorating canvas, silk, velvet or brocade covers. "The cloth was embroidered separately before it was glued or stitched to the boards of a ready bound book; embroidered covers do not form part of the binding structure."
Image gallery
References
External links
Embroidered bindings from "Hand Bookbindings: Plain and Simple to Grand and Glorious," exhibited at Princeton University's Firestone Library, November 10, 2002 through April 20, 2003
Embroidered bindings from the Folger Shakespeare Library's Binding Images Database (mostly 17th century English)
Bookbinding
Embroidery
San Wai Tsai () is the name of two villages in Hong Kong:
San Wai Tsai (Tai Po District) in Tai Po District
San Wai Tsai (Tuen Mun) in Tuen Mun
Salm () is a character in the Persian epic Shahnameh. He is the oldest son of legendary hero and king Fereydun. It is believed that his name was given to him by his father, after Salm chooses to seek safety and run instead of fighting the dragon that had attacked him and his brothers (the dragon was Fereydun himself who had disguised himself to test his sons).
When Fereydun decides to divide his kingdom among his sons, he gives Salm Anatolia and West. Salm and his brother Tur become jealous of their younger brother Iraj. They combine their forces against him and eventually murder the young prince. Years later Iraj's grandson Manuchehr avenges his grandfather's death by killing both Salm and Tur.
Name
English scholar Harold Walter Bailey (1899–1996) derived the base word from Avestan sar- (to move suddenly) from tsar- in Old Iranian (tsarati, tsaru-, hunter), which also gave its name to the western Avestan region of Sairima (*salm, – *Sairmi), and also connected it to the 10–11th century AD Persian epic Shahnamehs character "Salm".
Family Tree
See also
Sarmatians
References
External links
A king's book of kings: the Shah-nameh of Shah Tahmasp, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Salm
Pishdadian dynasty
Mythological princes
Plastic Man is a superhero from the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Plastic Man may also refer to:
"Plastic Man" (song), by the Kinks
Stacey Augmon (born 1968), retired NBA star, with the nickname Plastic Man
Plastician (born 1982), musician also known as Plasticman
Richie Hawtin (born 1970), musician also known as Plastikman
Plastic Man (The Temptations song), 1973 from their album Masterpiece (The Temptations album)
"Plastic Man", a song by Seether from Karma and Effect
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, all secondary education examinations due to be held in 2020 were cancelled. As a result, an alternative method had to be designed and implemented at short notice to determine the qualification grades to be awarded to students for that year. A standardisation algorithm was produced in June 2020 by the regulator Ofqual in England, Qualifications Wales in Wales, Scottish Qualifications Authority in Scotland, and CCEA in Northern Ireland. The algorithm was designed to combat grade inflation, and was to be used to moderate the existing but unpublished centre-assessed grades for A-Level and GCSE students. After the A-Level grades were issued, and after criticism, Ofqual, with the support of HM Government, withdrew these grades. It issued all students the Centre Assessed Grades (CAGs), which had been produced by teachers as part of the process. The same ruling was applied to the awarding of GCSE grades, just a few days before they were issued: CAG-based grades were the ones released on results day.
A similar controversy erupted in Scotland, after the Scottish Qualifications Authority marked down as many as 75,000 predicted grades to "maintain credibility", and later agreed to upgrade the results and issue new exam certificates. The Scottish Government apologised for the controversy, with Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland saying of the situation that the Scottish Government "did not get it right".
Background
In England, Wales and Northern Ireland, students sit General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) and A-Level exams, typically at ages 16 and 18 respectively. Similar but equivalent international versions of these qualifications are offered by UK exam boards.
On 18 March 2020, the government decided to cancel all examinations in England due to the COVID-19 pandemic, although the regulator, Ofqual, had advised that holding exams in a socially distanced manner was the best option. The same cancellation decision was taken by the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Ireland devolved governments. The governments announced that, in their place, grades were to be based on teacher predictions which would be moderated to prevent grade inflation. Overseas exams provided by CIE were cancelled on 23 March 2020, and grades were issued on the same basis as in England.
Secretary of State for Education Gavin Williamson stated that his "priority now is to ensure no young person faces a barrier when it comes to moving on to the next stage of their lives – whether that's further or higher education, an apprenticeship or a job" and that he had "asked exam boards to work closely with the teachers who know their pupils best to ensure their hard work and dedication is rewarded and fairly recognised." Students unhappy with their calculated grades would be able to appeal through their school, or sit exams in the autumn.
For homeschooled students, or those retaking exams, Ofqual stated they may not receive a grade, and would have to sit exams in 2021 because of a "lack of any credible alternatives identified". It was estimated that over 20,000 students would be affected, and would be unable to move on to college or university.
Standardisation algorithm
A grades standardisation algorithm was produced by Ofqual, the regulator of qualifications, exams and tests in England. It was designed to combat grade inflation, and was to be used to standardise or moderate the teacher-predicted grades for A Level and GCSE qualifications.
A-Level results
The A-Level grades were announced in England, Wales and Northern Ireland on 13 August 2020. Nearly 36% were one grade lower than teachers' predictions and 3% were down two grades. By comparison, 79% of university entrants in 2019 did not achieve their predicted grades.
Reaction
The release of results in a public outcry. Particular criticism was made of the disparate effect the grading algorithm had in downgrading the results of those who attended state schools, and upgrading the results of pupils at privately funded independent schools and thus disadvantaging pupils of a lower socio-economic background, in part due to the algorithm's behaviour around small cohort sizes.
Students and teachers felt deprived and upset following the controversial algorithm calculation and protested against it, with many demanding Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his government take immediate action. In response to the public outcry, on 15 August, Gavin Williamson said that the grading system is here to stay, and there will be "no U-turn, no change". Williamson criticised Scottish ministers for their u-turn the week prior, stating that awarding unmoderated grades would be "unwise", cause "rampant grade inflation". Instead, he suggested that schools appeal swiftly on behalf of affected students, to ensure any errors could be amended. Boris Johnson stated that the results are "robust and dependable".
Legal action, in the form of judicial review, was initiated by multiple students and legal advocacy organisations such as the Good Law Project.
A-Level results revised
On 17 August, Ofqual and Secretary of State for Education Gavin Williamson agreed that grades would be reissued using unmoderated teacher predictions. As a result, there was an annual increase by more than 10 percentage points in the number of top grades awarded (from 25.2% to an estimated 37.7%), the biggest increase for at least 20 years.
GCSE results
On 20 August 2020 the GCSE results were released. After the problems arising from the use of the grade algorithm for A-Levels, it was decided that GCSE grades awarded to each student would be the highest of the teacher predicted result or algorithm standardised result for each subject they took.
Vocational and technical qualifications (BTEC) results
A further 200,000 students who had taken the level one and two vocational qualifications were told on 19 August 2020, hours before results day, that they would not receive them on time. About 250,000 level-three grades, which had already been awarded, were also reassessed; these vocational equivalents to A-Levels had been given a result at the same time as the A-Levels were released. The examining board, Pearson Edexcel, withdrew them when the controversy broke, and has re-marked them upwards and is issuing a revised certificate, on a rolling basis, in the week beginning 24 August.
Aftermath
On 25 August 2020, Sally Collier resigned from the position of chief regulator of Ofqual following the grading controversy. Three days later, Permanent Secretary Jonathan Slater, the most senior civil servant at the Department for Education (DfE), stood down. Subsequently, the government was accused of scapegoating civil servants and avoiding accountability.
On 1 September, the question of blame was reopened by The Guardian. In a report OCR, one of the exam boards, told Williamson that the algorithm was producing some rogue results. But Williamson and the DfE were told by Ofqual that the appeals procedure would correct the few rogue results. OCR informed them that this was more than a few results and that patterns could be observed, such as students with better results than a low-performing group the year before.
On 2 September, Ofqual's chair Roger Taylor appeared before the Education Select Committee of the House of Commons during their inquiry into the impact of COVID-19 on education and children's services. He apologised to students, parents and teachers, and stated that the Secretary of State made the decisions to cancel examinations and to abruptly withdraw the procedure to challenge calculated A-level grades.
Scottish Highers
On 4 August 2020, secondary school students in Scotland received their Higher grades. Having also been unable to take their exams because of the pandemic, their grades were estimated by teachers, but the body awarding the qualifications was reported to have downgraded around a quarter of the marks awarded in order to "maintain credibility". Following criticism of the system from teachers and students, on 10 August, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon apologised for the controversy, saying the Scottish Government "did not get it right". The following day, on 11 August, the Scottish Government agreed to upgrade thousands of exam results, and accept teachers' estimates of pupils' results. On 18 August, the Scottish Qualifications Authority announced that 75,000 new exam certificates would be issued.
See also
2000 SQA examinations controversy (Scotland)
2020 AP exams controversy (United States and other countries)
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on education in the United Kingdom
Government by algorithm
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on education
Social impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Taking exams during the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak – guidance from the Department for Education, published 20 March 2020, updated 27 August
"Your results, what next?" – guidance from Ofqual, via Internet Archive:
27 July – first version, archived 28 July
20 August – updated after method changed, archived 20 August
Education Committee Oral evidence: The Impact of Covid-19 on education and children's services, HC 254 Wednesday 2 September 2020
Code repository − Ofqual, published 7 December 2020
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom
GCSE and A-Level grading controversy 2020
Educational qualifications in the United Kingdom
Political controversies in the United Kingdom
UK GCSE and A-Level grading controversy
GCSE
Government by algorithm
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on education
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom on politics
Michael John Bear (23 February 1934 – 7 April 2000) played first-class cricket as a left-handed batsman for Essex between 1954 and 1968. As a player, he was generally referred to as "Micky" or "Mickey" Bear.
Cricket style
Bear was a pugnacious left-handed batsman who enjoyed his best cricket years as an opening batsman for Essex, though for the first half of his cricket career he batted further down the order. He was also known as an exceptional fielder: he was, his obituary in Wisden noted, "a pioneer of modern fielding techniques". It went on: "In an era when great athletes were still rare in English cricket, he was a stunningly good outfielder, able to move fast and throw flat, hard returns on the full from the furthest boundaries."
Cricket career
Having played for Essex's second eleven from 1951 and appeared in minor matches for the Royal Air Force while on National Service, Bear made his first-class debut in 1954 against Derbyshire, scoring just one run in an Essex victory in a rain-affected match. He played a few more matches that season and the next for Essex's first team, and then appeared in more than half the side's matches in the 1956 season, making 98 in the match against Kent, but averaging only 17 runs per innings for the season as a whole. Wisden noted in its 1957 edition that Bear's "splendid fielding did much to help Essex reach a high standard in this department".
Bear was a regular member of the Essex team in 1957, missing just four games through the season, but he scored less than 700 runs and his batting average was still just 17. He did, however, make his maiden first-class century, an innings of 123 in the match against Gloucestershire at Romford, in a game where, according to Wisden, "seam bowlers held the upper hand most of the time on a rather green pitch"; no other batsman on either side reached 40 in either innings, and Bear, batting in what was at this stage in his career his accustomed position of No 6 in the order, was the leading contributor enabling Essex to recover from 58 for five to reach a match-winning total of 306 in the first innings.
There was progress in terms of both aggregate (913 first-class runs) and average (26 runs per innings) for Bear in 1958, though no further centuries. His figures were similar in 1959, when he dropped to the second team for some matches.
Bear was appointed provincial coach by the Canterbury Cricket Association for the 1959–60 New Zealand season. His duties included coaching at all levels, from primary school up to Plunket Shield. He also played senior club cricket for East Christchurch. Praising his "enthusiasm and dash", the Association reappointed him for a second season in 1960–61. When the touring MCC team lost several players to injury in January 1961, Bear played in their non-first-class match against the New Zealand Colts team in Ashburton.
In 1960 and the first half of 1961, Bear was out of the Essex first eleven as often as he was in it. However, recalled to the side in July 1961 and used as an opener in the match against Kent at Maidstone in the absence of the regular opener Geoff Smith, he hit 95. When Smith was injured for the first month of the 1962 season, Bear took his place as Gordon Barker's regular opening partner, and remained as an opening batsman for most of the rest of his first-class career, Smith moving down to No 3 on his return to the side. 1962 was by some distance Bear's most successful so far as a batsman. He made 1613 runs in all matches, and was Essex's leading scorer in County Championship games; his batting average rose to nearly 30 runs per innings. He made two centuries to add to his single previous effort five years earlier. Against Middlesex at Lord's in May he scored 117; and with Smith back in the team, Bear made 107 as an opener against Kent at Romford in early June.
The 1962 season set the pattern for Bear for the next few years. In 1963, his season was truncated when he chipped a bone in his ankle while fielding in the match against Worcestershire at Leyton. But he had by then completed his 1000 runs for the season at an average of exactly 30. And in the match against Worcestershire at Worcester earlier in the season, he had improved his highest score, making 132 before he became Jack Flavell's 1000th first-class wicket. In 1964, he improved his highest score again, making 135 against Warwickshire at Ilford with three sixes and 17 fours. He played in every Essex match and hit 1567 runs at an average of 29.56. The following season, though, there was a reversion to Bear's pre-1962 form: he failed to score a century, fell short of 1000 runs and lost his place in the side for a month late in the season.
The downturn was temporary. The 1966 season proved to be Bear's best in first-class cricket with 1833 runs and an average of more than 32. He topped the Essex batting averages in what was, admittedly, a lean year for the side, and scored the higher of only two centuries made by Essex batsmen in Championship matches all summer, 105 out of 190 in an unsuccessful run chase in a rain-affected match against Warwickshire at Birmingham.
The 1967 season was another poor year for Essex, and though Bear hit his career-highest score, 137 against Glamorgan at Cardiff and another fast century, 124 out of an Essex total of 189 against Warwickshire at Westcliff, he was injured from late July and failed to complete 1000 runs. He returned to the team in 1968, when Essex awarded him a benefit, but lost form across the season and at the end of the year retired from first-class cricket to "take up a business appointment".
After cricket
Bear died in Torquay at the age of 66 "after many years of heart trouble".
References
1934 births
2000 deaths
English cricketers
Essex cricketers
International Cavaliers cricketers
English cricket coaches
The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) George the Fifth Class was a class of 4-4-0 passenger steam locomotive.
History
The locomotives were introduced during July 1910 by Charles Bowen-Cooke following the succession of George V, construction continued until 1915. They were essentially superheated versions of the LNWR Whale Precursor Class. At the same time, similar non-superheated Queen Mary Class engines were also built but all of these acquired superheaters as the advantages of superheating became clear and were absorbed into the George the Fifth Class.
A total of 90 Georges were built, and all were named. The LNWR reused names and numbers from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard.
All of the Georges passed into London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) ownership on the grouping in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The LMS renumbered them into a more logical series of 5320–5409, and later in 1936/37 those had not been then withdrawn were again renumbered by the addition of 20000 into the 25320–25409 series to make room for Black Fives. It was also at this time that a few of the names were removed so that they could be applied to new LMS Jubilee Class engines.
Withdrawals started in 1935, and by 1939 only nine remained. British Railways (BR) inherited three in 1948: 25321, which was withdrawn in February that year, and 25350 and 25373, which were allocated the BR numbers 58011/2 in March but never carried them as both were withdrawn in May that year. None have been preserved.
Accidents and incidents
On 14 August 1915, locomotive No. 1489 Wolfhound was hauling a passenger train when it suffered a mechanical failure in its motion, with the result that the opposite track was damaged. A mail train was derailed on the damaged track at Weedon, Northamptonshire. Ten people were killed and 21 were injured.
New Build Locomotive
The George the Fifth Steam Trust is building a George the Fifth class locomotive named after Prince George.
List of Locomotives
See also
LNWR Prince of Wales Class
LNWR Claughton Class
Notes
References
"LNWR George the Fifth Trust- Homepage"
External links
LNWR George the Fifth Steam Locomotive Trust George the Fifth Class Coronation name plate showing the locomotive was the 5000th engine built at Crewe Works
LNWR Society Photographs of the Bowen-Cooke 4-4-0 George the Fifth class steam locomotives
George the Fifth
4-4-0 locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1910
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Scrapped locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Punekar is a surname native to Indian state of Maharashtra. Punekar means an inhabitant or native of Pune.
These people are well disciplined in their daily routine and straightforward in behaviour.
Notable people
Notable people with the surname include:
Shankar Mokashi Punekar - a well known writer in the Kannada language.
Surekha Punekar - Folk dancer
Rekha Punekar- an Indian cricketer
Sachin Anil Punekar - an Indian botanist and ornithologist
Indian surnames
Indian Hindus
History of Pune district
Indian families
Hindu families
Castelnau's antshrike (Thamnophilus cryptoleucus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are riverine subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Castelnau's antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Castelnau's antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Anne Gibson may refer to:
Anne Gibson, Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen (1940–2018), British trade unionist and peer
Anne Gibson (badminton) (born 1968), Scottish badminton player
Fifine at the Fair is a poem in Alexandrine couplets by Robert Browning, published in 1872.
Analysis
Prologue
In the prologue, the poet compares himself to the swimmer who exchanges the solid earth for the free medium of the sea, and, while he floats and meditates, sees above him a glorious butterfly, which has likewise changed its sphere of life from that of a worm on the ground to a denizen of the air. By a natural transition he extends the comparison to a departed soul, freed from the trammels of terrestrial life and transferred to a more elevated existence. In speculating, however, upon those mutations, he professes that he "both lives and likes life's way". Substituting poetry for heaven, he apostrophises a soul which has heaven for its home. He concludes by asking—
In those concluding words he intimates that, amidst his poetical flights, he always keeps practical ends in view; and that the ruling subject of his contemplations is the discovery and development of truth.
Love and Desire
The introductory if not the chief object of the production is to contrast two very widely separated orders of society with reference to the degree of happiness enjoyed by each. Visiting a fair at Pornic, in Brittany, he is led into a train of reverie from witnessing the antics of a company of strollers. He contrasts the vagabond but free life of people who gain their livelihood by wandering from fair to fair, exhibiting their performances to their unsophisticated auditors, and exciting their curiosity by the marvels which they present to them, with, on the other hand, the life of the retired and stationary members of society, who live out of the glare of that unreserved and careless career. The author takes Fifine, the queen of a company of itinerant showmen, as the representative of the former of those classes; and his supposed wife, Elvire, as the type of the other. While exposing the sordid accompaniments of the life passed in the open air, with all its domesticities under the public gaze of a crowd of gaping rustics, he confesses himself somewhat fascinated by the personal charms of Fifine, and her demonstrative display of them; and is led to meditate on what can be the attractions of that kind of life and its almost unrestricted liberty.
Elvire, the poet's wife, is pressed by him to look on at the scenes and actors in the Breton fair. He details to her the squalid realities of both, and the tinselled devices by which the gaudy show is prepared. Confessing an inward sympathy with the reckless freedom of the histrionic strollers, he strives to trace the source of the merry insouciance which seems to make up to them for the loss of what some judge the higher joys and advantages of the civilised society from which they are excluded; and dreams that there may be some germ of goodness and enjoyment yet remaining for man in the things rejected by social conventions. Whatever those attractions of a precarious and erratic life may be, they have at least allured the class of mountebanks to despise what others hold most in honour, and to prefer purchasing the sweets of their degraded life by the privations which accompany it, rather than to accept the civilised state and submit to its restraints. Taking Fifine as a prominent type of her class, after a glowing eulogium of her physical charms, and a tribute to the higher worth of nobler women, he enumerates the attractive qualities of some famous dames, placing Fifine and Elvire side by side at the close. He pleads the common innocence of the infancy of both, and argues that, widely as their paths have diverged since then, even Fifine herself may have some noble disinterestedness in the motives to her occupation, and, in her case,
He generalises the principle that every detail in creation has possessed, or does or will possess, in some particular feature, under some fit concurrence of circumstances, a supreme and exclusive excellence. So with Fifine: she may have some estimable qualities latent. At least her traffic consists only in the display of external grace: she does not, like Helen, offer the prize of queenly beauty; nor, like the voluptuous Cleopatra, make a parade of sensual allurements. The poet deprecates Elvire's jealousy from his praise of Fifine and momentary neglect of herself, by the illustration of his purchasing a "Rafael" at a great price, its suspension in the most honoured place in his gallery, and yet his seeming loss of interest in it, although it is a certainty that he would risk his life without hesitation to preserve it from the flames. Similarly strong is his unobtrusive love for Elvire. In continuation of this comparison, he proceeds to account for his enduring love for her, in reply to her objection that whatever of personal beauty she may originally have had has suffered from time. It is in his mind that her true picture is. Wherever the original type of her beauty has been impaired, he supplements unloveliness by love, and
The poet copiously exemplifies this process of mental reconstruction and restoration by supposing portraits roughly outlined in the sand, and afterwards as roughly amended until they suggest a likeness. So the mind restores for itself what is lost in the lineaments which first created love and sympathy in the soul. Similarly an unfinished or mutilated fragment of sculpture, chiselled by a master's hand, reveals to a connoisseur the intention of the artist, and brings to life again the impaired beauties of his conception. So the memory and the fancy restore the original form and expression of the face by the magic power of love, and of that instinctive artistic reproductive power which still "evokes the beautiful".
Thus souls supplement each other; and thus are restored to the statue, the picture, or the fare, forms and expressions which have been defaced or weakened by the lapse and wear of time. The poet
Man and Woman
In the course of his subsequent conversation with Elvire, after having explained the transient nature of his fancies respecting Fifine, he enters upon subtle disquisitions on the influence of soul upon soul, and on the distinct modes of dealing with man and woman—he treats the sexes separately in this respect—with the view of invigorating them in their struggles after truth. In the inculcation of truth, or when wishing to "lead, instruct, and benefit", the moral teacher must descend in order to conciliate and manage the masculine mind—
This is to avoid wounding the self-esteem of the disciple; but his mode of treating woman is less indirect and Socratic—
Woman is proud to act as the auxiliary to the man she loves or esteems. In this the poet compares women to dolphins in the classical fable of Arion. The whole passage consistutes a eulogium on woman—
Arts and Sciences
In several other passages the poet makes use of his rich store of classical reminiscences. Contemplating the sea, he felicitously translates from a celebrated ode of Horace—
In a passage in which the author eulogises music, and in particular Schumann's Carnival, he detects a peculiar advantage of musical composition, realised by its creating an indestructible "record" of feelings which would otherwise perish on their first conception—evanescent as the vibrations that issued from the instrument which gave them utterance.
Besides the more important passages, the author's work is replete with little fancies. For example, in discoursing on the undisguised fiction of the drama, he contrasts its confessed illusions with the real hypocrisy and deception practised in social intercourse—
Ridiculing what he considers the preposterous theory of the primitive voluntary development of rudimental organic members from the animals' desires and efforts to possess certain faculties, he ironically lays down that—
A vision of a Venetian fair and its crowd of grotesque masqueraders gives the author an opportunity of passing under vivid review an array of passions, loves, and hates, symbolised by the various costumes and enlivened by his versatile power of describing the moods of the mind. An example is this picture of sunset—
Meaning and Morality
Browning's object seems to be the inculcation of the truth that unmixed and unmitigated evil scarcely exists in the world. Shakespeare lays down the principle that "there is a seed of goodness in things evil"; and the poet's conceptions are also in harmony with the biblical doctrine that the wicked are the instruments in God's hands for working out the ultimate good intended by Him.
The structure and general tone of the poem irresistibly suggest to the reader that it is in some measure intended as the tribute of the poet to the memory of the wife of whom he had been bereaved. To Elvire, throughout the poem, is attributed every endearing quality that can characterise a woman—such as her gentle modification of her husband's bold and comprehensive views of human nature; her easily-disarmed resentment when another's image seems for a moment to supersede her own in his heart; her mild but cogent influence in elevating his thoughts to the loftiest truths; her grace, her truthfulness, and her unswerving love. There is, however, a visionary mistiness attendant upon her personality in the poem, although the fervour of the poet's sentiments in relation to her argues that her appearance and presence with him were not "all a dream". At the close of the poem the shadowy disguise is removed, when, after their long rambling, they return to a home of anticipated happiness. He suddenly exclaims at the threshold, in language which pathetically foreshadows her death—
Epilogue
The epilogue confirms the conjecture. It is also darkly suggestive of subsequent sinister events. In the poet's desolation the shade of his lost Elvire revisits hire, and the poem closes with her final words—
References
Sources
Birch, Dinah, ed. (2009). "Fifine at the Fair". In The Oxford Companion to English Literature. 7th ed. Oxford University Press.
Browning, Robert (1872). Fifine at the Fair. London: Smith, Elder & Co. pp. i–xii, 1–171.
Orr, Sutherland (1891). Life and Letters of Robert Browning. Vol. 2. Boston and New York: Houghton, Mifflin and Company. pp. 428–434, 494–495, 569–570.
Raymond, William O. (1934). "Browning's Dark Mood: A Study of "Fifine at the Fair"". Studies in Philology, 31(4): pp. 578–599.
Watkins, Charlotte Crawford (1959). "The "Abstruser Themes" of Browning's Fifine at the Fair". PMLA, 74(4): pp. 426–437.
Whitla, W. (1968). "Browning's 'Fifine at the Fair': Its Social, Literary and Biographical Background, With a Criticism of the Poem". Thesis (Ph.D.). University of Oxford.
Reviews
"London, Saturday, June 8". The Daily Telegraph. Saturday, 8 June 1872. p. 5.
"Literary. Fifine at the Fair". The Examiner. Saturday, 15 June 1872. pp. 600–601.
"Mr. Browning's New Poem". The Manchester Guardian. Friday, 28 June 1872. p. 7.
"Literary Notice. Fifine at the Fair". The Liverpool Mercury. Tuesday, 20 August 1872. p. 8.
"Literature. Fifine at the Fair". The Morning Post. Tuesday, 20 August 1872. p. 3.
External links
"Fifine at the Fair". Telelib. Accessed 18 July 2022.
Poetry by Robert Browning
1872 poems
1872 books
The Cochiti Dam is an earthen fill dam located on the Rio Grande in Sandoval County, New Mexico, approximately north of Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States. By volume of material, it is the 23rd largest dam in the world at 62,849,000 yd3 (48,052,000 m3) of material, one of the ten largest such dams in the United States, and the eleventh largest such dam in the world. Cochiti Dam is one of the four United States Army Corps of Engineers projects for flood and sediment control on the Rio Grande system, operating in conjunction with Abiquiu Dam, Galisteo Dam and Jemez Canyon Dam.
Description
Cochiti Dam is primarily a flood control dam built to ameliorate the effects of heavy runoff. The dam and the resultant lake also had the secondary purposes of creating recreational and wildlife habitat resources. The outlet works of the dam have an outflow capacity of 14,790 feet3/s (418.8 m3/s).
Cochiti Dam is operated to bypass all inflow to the lake to the extent that downstream channel conditions are capable of safely bypassing the flow. Flood-control operations are initiated when inflow to the lake is in excess of the downstream channel capacity. Stored floodwaters are released when downstream channel conditions permit, all in accordance with the provisions of Public Law 86-645 and the Rio Grande Compact.
Cochiti Dam marks the beginning of the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District (MRGCD), Cochiti Division. It controls runoff water from an drainage area.
History
Cochiti Dam was authorized under the Flood Control Act of 1960 for a construction cost of US$94.4 million. The act was further amended in 1964 to allocate water resources for the development of fish and wildlife resources as well as recreational resources. of water was allocated under this amendment for initial pool fill and sufficient resources were allocated to offset annual evaporation losses. This water was to come from water previously diverted into the Rio Grande system by Public Law 87-843 of 1962 from water in the Colorado River basin via the San Juan-Chama Project across the Continental Divide.
Construction began in 1965. Impoundment of water in Cochiti Lake began in 1973. Archaeological surveys were made prior to filling of the lake. The filling of the lake inundated the Cochiti Diversion Dam which had previously been used for irrigation purposes, and which had been rehabilitated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation in 1958 as part of the Middle Rio Grande Project. The new dam replaced this functionality.
Construction of the dam was opposed by the Cochiti Keres Pueblo people, who lost significant tracts of agricultural land as a result of the construction and subsequent pool filling. The Cochiti Keres filed a lawsuit against the Army Corps of Engineers regarding the inundation of their lands, winning the suit. In 2001, the Army Corps of Engineers made a public apology to the Cochiti Keres .
Cochiti Lake
Cochiti Lake has maintained a permanent recreation pool of approximately since the dam was completed. The permanent pool, which includes an intermittent pond in the arm of the Santa Fe River, provides sediment control benefits, trapping about of sediment per year. The permanent pool was established by and is maintained by San Juan-Chama Project water. The remaining capacity of the reservoir, totaling about , is reserved for flood and sediment control. The elevation of the lake at surface of the normal pool is 5,335 ft (1626 m) above sea level.
There are two public recreation areas on the lake, one on the west side of the lake at Cochiti Recreation Area and one on the east at Tetilla Peak Recreation Area. Other lands around the lake are owned by and are part of the Pueblo de Cochiti Indian Reservation and are not open to the public. A visitor center is open to the public near the park headquarters. Fishing is permitted on the lake, with smallmouth bass and northern pike species among other species being available. Cochiti Lake is a no-wake lake, and boats are restricted to trolling speeds.
References
External links
Cochiti Lake Recreation Area official site
Bureau of Reclamation fact sheet for Cochiti Lake
Cochiti Lake community website
Geologic Map of the Cochiti Dam Quadrangle, Sandoval County, New Mexico United States Geological Survey
Dams in New Mexico
Landmarks in New Mexico
Buildings and structures in Sandoval County, New Mexico
United States Army Corps of Engineers dams
Dams completed in 1973
Dams on the Rio Grande
1973 establishments in New Mexico
Stephen Edward Shafer (born December 8, 1940) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. He played college football at Utah State University and was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 1963 NFL draft. He was later a football coach in the NFL, over the span of 1983 to 2003 serving on the staffs of the Los Angeles Rams, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Oakland Raiders, Carolina Panthers, Baltimore Ravens, and Jacksonville Jaguars. He lives in Lincoln, California.
References
1940 births
BC Lions players
Living people
Utah State University alumni
People from Burbank, California
People from Lincoln, California
South Louisiana Community College (SLCC) is a public community college in Lafayette, Louisiana. It was established in 1997 to provide academic and vocational training.
Its service area includes Acadia, Evangeline, Iberville, Lafayette, Pointe Coupee, St. Landry, and Vermilion parishes, as well as the northern part of St. Martin Parish.
In July 2012, SLCC merged with the Acadiana Technical Colleges, thereby making SLCC a comprehensive community college with campuses in eight parishes. It is one of the largest community colleges in Louisiana with more than 7,000 students enrolled. SLCC awards associate degrees, transfer degrees, technical diplomas and certifications.
SLCC received approval from the Louisiana Nursing Board and Louisiana Board of Regents to offer a Registered Nursing program. The program is an Associate of Science in Nursing (ASN) and began in Spring 2014 with 40 students. In July 2018, Young Memorial in Morgan City, LA, was added as an SLCC Campus.
Campus
South Louisiana Community College has 3 buildings on the main Lafayette campus, as well as branch campuses in nearby cities. The Devalcourt Building contains the main lobby of the college, as well as 3 floors with classrooms. The Ardoin Building, named after Ted Ardoin, houses the welding department and many other technical training programs, as well as Financial Aid. In 2016, a new building was erected, containing 3 floors, known as the Health and Sciences building. This contains the Nursing Program, as well as the Administrative Suite and other classrooms.
Schools of Choice
Lafayette Parish School System (LPSS) added a "School of Choice" called the Early College Academy in 2008, which gives high school students (grades 9-12) a chance to graduate with a high school diploma as well as a two-year associate degree in the field of their choice. Students take all courses on the campus of South Louisiana Community College, and most school days begin at 8:30 and end around 4 p.m. It is the only school of its kind in the state of Louisiana.
References
External links
Community colleges in Louisiana
Educational institutions established in 1997
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Education in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana
Education in Iberia Parish, Louisiana
Education in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana
Buildings and structures in Lafayette, Louisiana
Buildings and structures in Iberia Parish, Louisiana
Buildings and structures in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana
Education in Lafayette, Louisiana
1997 establishments in Louisiana
Educational institutions accredited by the Council on Occupational Education
was a five-piece Japanese pop/rock girl band active from 1983 to 1996. They previously released music under the names and .
Career
After being assembled via open audition of 1400 hopefuls as the female music group Akasaka Komachi by TDK Records in 1983, the band was housed with their manager in the Tokyo suburb of Nishi-Nippori for over two years to develop their musical skills and experience. In March 1984, the band made the first of several appearances on Japanese television. In 1985 the band transferred from TDK Records to another management company, changed their name to Julian Mama, but did not release any singles or albums.
In May 1986, the band made their recording debut with the EP Kiss de Crime, released by CBS Sony. In August 1986, the band transferred their management to Shinko Music Entertainment. In May of that year the CEO of Shinko had declined to represent the band, but the company employee Emiko Ichimura, who had seen the girls' live show and believed in their success, eventually persuaded the company to take them on. The band made seven concert appearances in 1986, playing in very small venues around Tokyo.
In 1987, the band released their first single as Princess Princess, "Koi wa Balance" ("Love Is Balance"). The single's lyrics were credited to the band's guitarist, Kanako Nakayama, but the music was credited to well-known music producer Saburo Suzuki. At this time the band decided that they would produce their own sound, so all new compositions from then on was credited to band members, with Nakayama and drummer Kyōko Tomita generally splitting the lyric duties while lead singer Kaori Okui took over two thirds of the music credits over the band's career. The band still struggled for fan notice, playing approximately 60 small venues, and releasing their second single, "Sekai de Ichiban Atsui Natsu" ("The Hottest Summer in the World") to little market response.
In 1988, the band made their major leap for recognition, releasing their second studio album Here We Are in February and touring during the summer in support of it. The album, which include the songs "19 Growing Up", "My Will", "Go Away Boy" and "Romancin' Blue", demonstrated significant artistic development and was met with increasing commercial success. The single "Go Away Boy" reached the Japanese Oricon Top 20 Singles Chart. In November, the band released their third album Let's Get Crazy which furthered their commercial momentum with another batch of rock anthems and popular concert standards. From November 1987 through February 1989, Princess Princess made 100 concert appearances, progressing from small clubs to regional public halls. In April 1988 the band accomplished the first goal they had as a group: playing the Shibuya Public Hall. Tickets sold out within two hours, causing their manager Ichimura to cry in her office; the band reportedly initially thought Ichimura was reacting to bad news until being informed of their sell-out. This period of increasing success culminated in their January 1989 shows at the Nippon Budokan, where Princess Princess became the first all-female group to play that important Tokyo venue.
1989 brought the band to the peak of their popular success. In April, their seventh single "Diamonds" was released, which reached No. 1 on the Oricon chart; the single also became the first CD single to become a "a million seller" in Japan. In July, "Sekai de Ichiban Atsui Natsu" was re-released, and it also went to No. 1, earning Princess Princess the two top spots of the yearly sales rankings. The group made their first nationwide concert tour that summer, and finished out the year by releasing their fourth album, Lovers, which did not feature any single, but reached the No. 1 sales position in the albums chart.
In 1990, the band consolidated their media presence with another nationwide tour, playing 56 venues, including major sports arenas. Their ninth single "Oh Yeah!" was released exactly a year after "Diamonds" and also reached No. 1. The band again finished the year releasing another album, the self-titled Princess Princess, and the single "Julian", also a No. 1 single.
The following year saw Princess Princess continue their string of No. 1 singles with their 11th single, "Kiss", released in May, which would prove to be the band's last chart-topping song. Their next single "Seven Years After" peaked only at No. 3; the band's single sales into the 1990s never approached the heights of their 1989 period. In December 1991 the band released their 6th album, Dolls in Action.
1992 saw the band reduce their musical output, only releasing one new single, "Pilot-ni Naritakute" ("Wanting to Become a Pilot") and their first compilation album Singles 1987-1992. They ended the year with the 'double-A single' "Power"/"Regret" from their 7th studio album Bee-Beep.
Bee-Beep was released in January 1993 and was to be the band's last No. 1 album. In May, keyboardist Tomoko Konno experienced a temporary but total hearing loss in one ear, causing the band to field a replacement player since they were on their customary summer tour at the time. Konno's hearing returned in June but there was concern that she would have to be replaced, or perhaps even the band would retire.
In this last period of their career, Princess Princess experienced declining popularity and record sales, with an evident difficulty in maintaining their previous musical output and success. The four singles from May 1993 up to their decision to retire in early 1995 are noticeably easy-listening and more mature-themed than their previous pop rock efforts. Released in late 1993, their 8th album Majestic featured less energetic "break up" love songs. In 1994, Konno released a solo album, and Okui also began her solo music activity, and the band filled the year with another compilation album, Presents, which featured fan-voted singles not on their previous compilation.
In April 1995, the band informed their label management that they were retiring, a decision taken at the end of the previous year while preparing their next album. According to their statements, there was friction between band members about moving in new musical directions and preserving in the usual artistic path, keeping the image that the band had established over the previous decade of work. Okui, the main musical force behind the band, also said that songwriting was becoming much more difficult for her: "In the past it felt that the songs would just come from heaven, without having to think about it, but as time went on it began to become more of a struggle". Additionally, band members also said that they wanted to end their activity as friends. In August 1995, the band announced their impending breakup, along with their 20th single, "Fly Baby Fly" (which was the band's lowest-selling single since before their "break", only selling 32,000 copies). Their final album, titled The Last Princess, served as a "goodbye message" to their fans. In 1996, the band went on their last nationwide tour, ending with a three-night run at the Budokan in May.
After 16 years, Princess Princess reunited in November 2012 for several concerts in order to help with recovery from the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. They performed six concerts; November 3 and 4 at the Sendai Sun Plaza Hall, then November 20, 21, 23 and 24 at Nippon Budokan in Tokyo. In addition, they performed at the Tokyo Dome on December 23 and 24, 2012, as well as the 2012 Kōhaku Uta Gassen on New Year's Eve.
Post-disbandment
Shortly after the group's final concert, Kaori Okui married actor Goro Kishitani. Okui, who had released the solo album Renaissance in 1994, released four other albums: Shout in 1997 and Kaori in 1998 under her maiden name; Ring to the Heavens in 2006 and The Best And More in 2014 as Kaori Kishitani. She still performs live as a solo artist.
Kanako Nakayama released two albums Howling and Nakayama no Ippatsu in the 1990s. In 1999, Nakayama helped formed the hard rock group VooDoo Hawaiians. With VooDoo Hawaiians, she has released five albums: Pretty And Brutal in 2000, Rock 'n Roll Animal in 2001, Drive, She Said in 2002, 4our in 2006 and Love And Roll 2014. She has also performed with the group Tokyo Rocks and on a number of tribute albums in the late 1990s into the 2000s.
Tomoko Konno had also released a solo CD before the group's breakup 24 Hours. After the group dissolved, she released two more solo albums, Torch and Prime of Life. She also wrote the musical score for the movies Chloe (2000) and Kikyo (2004).
Atsuko Watanabe joined the faculty of Tokyo School of Music in 1997 as a special instructor and two years later became the Vice Dean of the school; a post she still holds. In December 2014, Watanabe and Nakayama joined "Grace" and "Ban-Chan" as a group called "Go 50 Go", with the group name derived from the members' shared age of 50 years old.
Kyōko Tomita is on the faculty of Tokyo School of Music. She also hosts the radio program "Shonan Beat Land" ("湘南ビートランド") Saturday nights at 1700 (JST) on Radio Shonan, FM 83.1 in Tokyo.
Songwriting collaborations
On their initial 6-song EP, the band received songwriting credit for one song ("Tokyo Kanojo"), while the lyrics for all songs were from other songwriters. For the band's first full album, the band received all the music credits except for the single "Koi wa Balance".
From the band's first full album to the end of their career, lyric writing was divided among the members. Nakayama is credited with 39 song lyrics, Tomita with 35, Konno with 19, Watanabe with 9, and Okui with 7.
Despite writing the fewest song lyrics, Okui was credited with the majority of the group's music, with 69 of the band's 118 song credits (and nearly all of their released singles), while Nakayama has the primary credit for 18 songs, Konno for 14, Watanabe for 8, Tomita for 1.
Nakayama has sole songwriting credit for 7 songs, Konno for 6, Okui for 6 (including one instrumental), Watanabe for 4, and Tomita for 1.
Lyric/song writing partnerships were rather distributed among the members. The Nakayama/Okui and the Tomita/Okui pairings are both credited with 27 songs each. Konno/Okui is credited with 9 songs, Tomita/Nakayama for 6, and Watanabe/Konno for 3. The Konno/Nakayama, Konno/Watanabe, Okui/Nakayama, Nakayama/Konno, Tomita/Konno, and Watanabe/Okui pairings all have 2 song credits each, while Watanabe/Nakayama, Tomita/Watanabe, and Okui/Konno each have a single credit. Excluding Tomita, who only wrote the music to her own song, only the Okui/Watanabe pairing does not have a songwriting credit in the band's catalogue.
Nakayama also recorded a duet of the Kiss classic “Hard Luck Woman” with Redd Kross singer Jeff McDonald.
Former members
(born February 17, 1967) (previously ) - lead vocals, guitar, piano (1983-1996, 2012, 2016)
(born November 2, 1964) - lead guitar, vocals (1983-1996, 2012, 2016)
(born October 26, 1964) - bass guitar, vocals (1983-1996, 2012, 2016)
(born July 15, 1965) - keyboards, vocals (1983-1996, 2012, 2016)
(born June 2, 1965) - drums and percussion (1983-1996, 2012, 2016)
Discography
Studio albums
Teleportation (1987)
Here We Are (1988)
Let's Get Crazy (1988)
Lovers (1989)
Princess Princess (1990)
Dolls in Action (1991)
Bee-Beep (1993)
Majestic (1993)
The Last Princess (1995)
Compilation albums
Singles 1987–1992 (1992)
Presents (1994)
The Greatest Princess (1996)
Star Box: Princess Princess (1999)
Star Box Extra: Princess Princess (2001)
Puri 2: Princess Princess Best of Best (2006)
Summer Songs! (2007)
Winter Songs! (2007)
The Premium Best (2008)
Best of Best: Princess Princess (2009)
Super Best: Princess Princess (2009)
The Rebirth Best: Saikai (2012)
Box sets
The Complete Songs of Princess Princess (1996)
10 Years After: Princess Princess Premium Box (2006)
21st: Princess Princess Single Collection Memorial Box (2006)
Live albums
The Last Live (1996)
Very Best of Princess Princess Tour 2012: Saikai at Budokan (2013)
Extended plays
Kiss de Crime (1986)
Filmography
TV
Kōhaku Uta Gassen appearances
References
External links
Princess Princess at Oricon
HMV Japan "Top 100 Japanese pops Artists"
Japanese rock music groups
All-female bands
Musical groups from Tokyo
Musical groups established in 1983
Musical groups disestablished in 1996
Sony Music Entertainment Japan artists
Barry Collier may refer to:
Barry Collier (basketball) (born 1954), athletic director at Butler University and former basketball coach
Barry Collier (politician) (born 1949), member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for Miranda in 1999
Bíró is a Hungarian surname meaning "judge". Notable people with the name include:
Anton Biró (fl. 1854), one of the initial partners in Vienna company eventually known as Waagner-Biro
Borbala Biro (b. 1957), Hungarian biologist and agricultural scientist
Gyula Bíró (1890–1961), Hungarian Olympic football player
László Bíró (1899–1985), inventor of the ballpoint pen
Lajos Bíró (1880–1948), novelist, playwright, and screenwriter
Charles Biro (1911–1972), comic book writer
Sari Biro (1912–1990), pianist
Val Biro (1921–2014), children's writer and artist
Hungarian-language surnames
Daniel Morejón Torres (; July 21, 1930 – April 27, 2009) was a Cuban-born professional baseball player. He was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Cincinnati Reds during July and early August of the season. Listed at , , Morejón batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Havana.
In his brief Major League career, Morejón was a .192 hitter (5-for-26) in 12 games, including four runs, one RBI, one stolen base, and a .400 on-base percentage. He did not have an extra base hit.
Morejón played in minor league baseball for 19 seasons (1954–1972) including the Havana Sugar Kings of the International League. In 1955, he was named Most Valuable Player of the Carolina League while playing for the High Point-Thomasville Hi-Toms. After his playing career, he managed and maintained the baseball fields at Tropical Park in Miami, Florida. He died in Miami at the age of 78.
See also
1958 Cincinnati Redlegs season
List of Major League Baseball players from Cuba
External links
Highlights at Cuba Béisbol
1930 births
2009 deaths
Almendares (baseball) players
Broncos de Reynosa players
Cafeteros de Córdoba players
Cincinnati Redlegs players
Defecting Cuban baseball players
Habana players
Havana Sugar Kings players
High Point-Thomasville Hi-Toms players
Industriales de Valencia players
Jacksonville Suns players
Jersey City Jerseys players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball players from Cuba
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the United States
Mexican League baseball players
Miami Beach Flamingos players
Pericos de Puebla players
Portsmouth Merrimacs players
Saraperos de Saltillo players
Savannah Redlegs players
Tigres de Aragua players
Cuban expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Sportspeople from Havana
"Discordia" is a song by Queensrÿche vocalist Todd La Torre and former Megadeth/King Diamond guitarist Glen Drover.
Writing and recording
Drover and La Torre had previously shared the stage together, when Drover joined Queensrÿche during their show at the Phoenix Concert Theatre in Toronto on March 7, 2013, where they played the song "Take Hold of the Flame" from Queensrÿche's 1984 album The Warning as an encore.
"Discordia" was conceived as part of a project spearheaded by Drover, who explained: "I was thinking about doing an album of heavier stuff and have a bunch of guest musicians and singers on it. Chuck Billy (Testament) was going to do something on it, Henning Basse and I covered an old Eidolon song that was never officially released, so I was toying around with having a different singer on each song. I just wanted to work with people that I really like in the industry and respect as musicians. I got in touch with Todd and asked him if he'd be willing to do a song, and he really like(d) the tune I sent him. One thing led to another, we did the track, and we're really excited about it."
"As soon as I heard the track I thought it was great," said La Torre. "Glen told me to just see what I could do with it, no pressure, no rush, and it turned out to be pretty quick and easy."
Initially, this song was going to be kept on the back burner until Drover had completed the rest of his album but La Torre said "(Glen) liked it so much that he didn't want it to sit until the whole project was done."
Release
"Discordia" was originally released as a one-off single in August 2014. The song made the iTunes Top 100 Heavy Metal Songs upon its release. It was later included as the second track of Imperium, the debut album of Drover's current project Walls of Blood.
References
External links
2014 singles
2014 songs
The Northwest Papuan languages are a proposed language family of Papuan languages.
Many of the constituent branches of Northwest Papuan were first proposed to be related by H.K.J. Cowan in the 1950s. Voorhoeve (1971) connected the Border and Tor families. Using only pronouns as a diagnostic, Malcolm Ross linked most of the western (Foja Range) branch of the family, which is now fairly secure. The current form of the proposal was worked out by Timothy Usher under the name "North(west) New Guinea" (not to be confused with the proposed North New Guinea branch of the Austronesian language family).
It is not yet certain, however, that the similarities in vocabulary between Foja Range and the other constituent families are due to inheritance rather than borrowing.
Languages
Fas
Sentani
Border (Upper Tami)
Sko
Foja Range
Nimboran
Kwerbic
Mawes
Orya–Tor
The western branch, Foja Range, is equivalent to Ross's Tor–Kwerba family with the addition of Nimboran.
Søren Wichmann (2013) considers Nimboran, Kapauri (under Kwerbic above), Border, and possibly also Elseng (under Border above) to form a unified language family.
Lexical comparison
The lexical data below is from the Trans-New Guinea database and Usher (2020), unless noted otherwise.
References
Languages of Papua New Guinea
Languages of western New Guinea
Proposed language families
Papuan languages
Chedra delector is a tiny moth placed in the family Batrachedridae. The Global Lepidoptera Names Index of the Natural History Museum in London classifies it in the family Coleophoridae based on the old classification given by Ron Hodges in the 1983 Check List of the Lepidoptera of America North of Mexico. It is found in Chile. The holotype was collected by D. Bullock on 30 January 1941 at Angol, in the Malleco Province, central Chile, and is kept at the Department of Entomology of the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution. The species was described by Ron Hodges in 1966. The caterpillars feed upon the seeds of Cyperaceae.
References
Batrachedridae
Endemic fauna of Chile
Moths described in 1966
Moths of South America
Captain Frederick Wentworth is a fictional character in the 1817 novel Persuasion written by Jane Austen. He is the prototype of the new gentleman in the 19th century: a self-made man who makes his fortune by hard work rather than inheritance.
Character
Over eight years before the novel opens, Frederick Wentworth travelled to Somerset after being made commander in consequence of the British naval action off St Domingo (1806). He was not immediately sent back to sea, but went to stay with his brother, Reverend Edward Wentworth, ashore as the curate of Monkford. Frederick and Anne fell in love and got engaged. Later, Anne broke off the engagement on the advice of her godmother, Lady Russell, who saw him as an unsuitable choice due to his lack of fortune and connections, as well as his enrollment in a dangerous profession. Further, Anne was young and might have more choices in her future. Disappointed and resentful, Wentworth left the area.
Captain Wentworth returns from the Napoleonic Wars in 1814, successful, and with prize money of 25,000 pounds to his credit. Anne's conditions have also changed as her father, a spendthrift baronet, has to lease his country house, Kellynch Hall, to Admiral and Mrs Croft, and move to Bath to lower his expenses. Anne currently is visiting her married younger sister, Mary Musgrove, at Uppercross. Mrs Croft is sister to Frederick Wentworth, and he visits her once she and her husband are settled.
Captain Wentworth has not forgiven Anne. Without much thought, he is sociable and most gentlemanly with both Musgrove sisters, Henrietta and Louisa, sisters to Mary's husband Charles, seeing Anne often as part of the Uppercross social circle. Henrietta re-connects with her fiancé, Charles Hayter. Wentworth talks about a firm mind, influencing Louisa to be more demanding than usual. When others talk to him as if his engagement to Louisa is all but announced, he realizes from honour that he must marry her if she so wishes.
Captain Wentworth is aware of Anne, and listens to what others say about her. He learns that she turned down an offer of marriage from Charles Musgrove about five years earlier, which startles him. Anne guards her emotions for each encounter with Frederick in the group of friends at Uppercross. A trip to Lyme with the Musgrove family to meet Captains Harville and Benwick changes everything. There Louisa meets with a serious accident; Anne's immediate help and level-headed behaviour makes Wentworth realize his folly of letting appearances get ahead of his intentional choices. Once Louisa is settled for her long recovery with the Harvilles, Wentworth goes off for a long visit with his now-married brother, Edward, in Shropshire.
He begins to realise that by indulging his injured-pride, hurt by the rejection by Anne, he may be blocking his best chance at happiness, and his love for Anne is allowed to surface again. Benwick residing with the Harville family, having been engaged to Harville's sister who died before they could marry, stays while Louisa slowly recovers.
When Louisa is recovered, the news spreads that Captain Benwick is engaged to her. Safe and independent again, Frederick Wentworth goes to Bath to win Anne back, only to spy a competitor in her cousin, Mr. William Elliot, the inheritor of Kellynch Hall. They meet at a few gatherings, with brief moments to speak with each other. At a gathering of the Musgroves in a Bath hotel, he overhears Captain Harville and Anne talk about the relative faithfulness of men and women. Deeply-moved by Anne's words, he writes her a letter and makes sure she sees it. They reconcile and renew their love and engagement. He learns in those discussions that when he had come ashore in 1808 ("the year eight"), after winning his step to captain and with his first prize money, had he written to her, would she have replied? Yes, she would have replied and felt safe-enough to renew the engagement against the wishes of her family. He realises how he has been his own enemy in this. In the end they marry and live a happy life. Nothing remains to blight their happiness other than a future war, when the Navy might call him back to a ship.
Literary significance
Captain Frederick Wentworth is the prototype of the 'new gentleman.' Maintaining the good manners, consideration, and sensitivity of the older type, Wentworth adds the qualities of gallantry, independence, and bravery that come with being a well-respected Naval officer. He has made his own fortune through hard work and good sense, in direct contrast to Sir Walter who has only wasted the money that came to him through his title. Without land or high birth, Captain Wentworth is not the traditional match for a woman of Anne Elliot's position. But in true Austenian fashion, his fine personal qualities are enough to surmount the divide which separates his social position from that of Anne.
In the novel, Captain Wentworth's character develops, eventually overcoming his resentment at being once refused, in order to make another ardent overture to his chosen bride. This development is sign of a promising future for their relationship. Like Admiral Croft, who allows his wife to drive the carriage alongside him and to help him steer, Captain Wentworth will defer to Anne throughout their marriage. Austen envisions this kind of equal partnership as the ideal marriage, within the limits of 18th century social customs.
Margaret Wilson sees Wentworth as combining the dynamic character of Austen's earlier diversionary men and the steadfast qualities needed in a husband.
The love letter written by Captain Wentworth is notable:
"I can listen no longer in silence. I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach. You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you. Unjust I may have been, weak and resentful I have been, but never inconstant. You alone have brought me to Bath. For you alone, I think and plan. Have you not seen this? Can you fail to have understood my wishes? I had not waited even these ten days, could I have read your feelings, as I think you must have penetrated mine. I can hardly write. I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me. You sink your voice, but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others. Too good, too excellent creature! You do us justice, indeed. You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men. Believe it to be most fervent, most undeviating, in F. W.
"I must go, uncertain of my fate; but I shall return hither, or follow your party, as soon as possible. A word, a look, will be enough to decide whether I enter your father's house this evening or never."
The letter comes near the end of the novel, leading Anne and Frederick to renew their love.
Depictions in film and television
1960: Paul Daneman, BBC series Persuasion (1960 series)
1971: Bryan Marshall, BBC series Persuasion (1971 series)
1995: Ciarán Hinds, made-for-television Persuasion (1995 film)
2007: Rupert Penry-Jones, ITV1 Persuasion (2007 film)
2022: Cosmo Jarvis, Netflix film Persuasion (2022 film)
References
Persuasion characters
Literary characters introduced in 1818
Fictional military captains
Male characters in literature
Aslan is the fictional lion in C. S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia.
Aslan, Arsalan, and Arslan (all spellings of a Turkic word meaning "lion") may also refer to:
People
Title
Il-Arslan (died 1172), Kharazm Shah
Alp Arslan (1029–1072), second sultan of the Seljuk dynasty
Arslan ibn Mas'ud (died 1118), Sultan of the Ghaznavid Empire
Arslan Khan, Prince of the Karluks
Arslan Shah I (died 1142), Sultan of Kerman
Kara Arslan (died 1174), member of the Artuqid dynasty
Kilij Arslan I (10791107), Sultan of Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm, first sultan in Konya
Kilij Arslan II (died 1192), Sultan of Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm
Kilij Arslan III (died 1205), Sultan of Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm
Kilij Arslan IV (died 1265), Sultan of Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm
Ali Pasha of Ioannina (1741–1822), pasha of western Rumelia
Nur ad-Din Arslan Shah I (died 1211), Zengid Emir of Mossul
Given name
Arsalan
Arsalan Anwar (born 1986), Pakistani cricketer
Arsalan Iftikhar (born 1977), American human rights lawyer
Arsalan Kamkar (born 1960), Iranian musician of Kurdish origin
Arsalan Kazemi (born 1990), Iranian basketball player
Arsi Nami Arsalan Nami, (born 1984), Iranian singer-songwriter
Arslan
Aslan
Aslan Abashidze (born 1938), former leader of Adjara
Aslan Atem (born 1991), Turkish wrestler
Aslan-Beg Abashidze (1877–1924), Muslim Georgian nobleman and general
Aslan Khan Daghestani (fl. early 18th-century), Safavid official
Aslan bey Gardashov (1866–1920), Azerbaijani statesman
Aslan bey Safikurdski (18801937), Azerbaijani statesman
Aslan-Bey Shervashidze, Prince of the Principality of Abkhazia from 180810
Aslan Dashayev (born 1989), Russian footballer
Aslan Datdeyev (born 1973), Russian footballer
Aslan Doguzov (born 1991), Russian footballer
Aslan Dudiyev (born 1990), Russian footballer
Aslan Dyshekov (born 1987), Russian footballer
Aslan Dzeytov (born 1990), Russian footballer
Aslan Dzharimov (born 1939), former president of the Republic of Adygea, Russia
Aslan Goplachev (born 1970), Russian footballer and coach
Aslan Karatsev (born 1993), Russian tennis player
Aslan Khan Daghestani (born in the 17th century), early-18th-century Safavid dynasty official in Persia
Aslan Kerimov (born 1973), footballer, most capped Azerbaijan National Football Team
Aslan Khuriyev (born 1984), Russian footballer
Aslan Mashukov (born 1984), Russian footballer
Aslan Maskhadov (1951–2005), Chechen leader
Aslan Musin (born 1954), former Speaker of the Parliament of Kazakhstan
Aslan Tkhakushinov (born 1947), President of the Republic of Adygea, Russia
Aslan Tlebzu (born 1981), Russian folk musician of Adyghe origin
Aslan Usoyan (1937–2013), Russian outlaw of Kurdish origin
Aslan Zaseev (born 1982), Russian footballer
Surname
Arslan
Aslan
Ahmet Aslan (born 1968), Turkish musician
Ali Aslan (born 1933), Syrian general and politician
Ana Aslan (1897–1988), Romanian biologist, physician, and inventor
Berkin Kamil Aslan (born 1992), Turkish footballer
Beyzanur Aslan (born 2001), Azerbaijani women's footballer
Ercüment Aslan (born 1976), Turkish boxer
Emil Aslan (born 1978), Czech political scientist
Faramarz Aslani (born 1954), Iranian singer-songwriter
Farhad Aslani (born 1966), Iranian actor
Grégoire Aslan (1908–1982), Armenian actor
Hamdi Aslan (born 1967), Turkish footballer and coach
Hatice Aslan (born 1962), Turkish actress
Hidir Aslan (1958–1984), executed Turkish rebel
Juan Contino Aslán (born 1969), Cuban politician
Kemal Aslan (born 1981), Turkish footballer
Kevork Aslan, Armenian historian
Madalyn Aslan (born 1963), American astrologer
Metin Aslan (born 1978), Austrian footballer of Turkish origin
Murat Aslan (born 1986), Turkish volleyball player
Nora Aslan (born 1937), Argentine artist
Raoul Aslan (1886–1958), Austrian actor of Greek-Armenian ancestry
Reza Aslan (born 1972), Iranian-American author
Yasin Aslan (born 1953), Turkish author
Yiğit Aslan (born 2004), Turkish swimmer
Hazi Aslanov (1910-1945), Azerbaijani major-general during World War II
Nickname
Aslan (artist) (Alain Gourdon; 1930–2014), French painter, sculptor, and pin-up artist
Nihat Bekdik, Turkish footballer
Kevork Chavush (1870-1907), Armenian fedayi leader and Armenian Revolutionary Federation member
Fiction
Arslaan, a 2008 Indian fantasy television series based on the Persian epic of Amir Arsalan
Arslan, or A Wind From Bukhara, a 1976 science fiction novel by M. J. Engh
Arslan Senki, or The Heroic Legend of Arslan, a fantasy novel and manga series based on Persian history
Aslan, a black warhorse in the manga series Red River
Aslan, the name of a drug in the 2001 novel The Corrections by Jonathan Franzen
Aslan Battour, the deceased father of Serge Battour in the manga series Kaze to Ki no Uta
Aslan Jade Callenreese, alias Ash Lynx, the main character of the manga and anime series Banana Fish
Kingdom of Arslan, a fictional Middle Eastern country and the setting of the manga series Area 88
Games
Aslan (Traveller), an extraterrestrial race from the Traveller roleplaying game
Aslan (fanzine), a British roleplaying fanzine published in the 1980s
Places in West Asia
Aslan, Izeh, a village in Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran
Arslan Tash, archaeological site in Aleppo, Syria
Aslan Duz, the capital of Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran
Aslan Duz District, a district in Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran
Qezel Arsalan, a peak of the Mount Alvand range, Iran
Other
Aslan (band), an Irish rock band, formed in 1982
Aslan Pasha Mosque, Ioannina, Greece
Amir Arsalan, protagonist of the Persian epic Amir Arsalan-e Namdar
Hyundai Aslan, a mid-size sedan sold in South Korea.
See also
Ruslan (given name)
Jānis Leitis (born 13 April 1989 in Riga) is a Latvian athlete who usually competes in 400m and long jump.
Leitis is the 2009 European U23 champion in long jump. He is the national record holder in the 400 m (45.53, 2018).
Achievements
Personal bests
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Riga
Latvian male sprinters
Latvian male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Latvia
European Games competitors for Latvia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 European Games
Helen Tichauer (1918-2018) was a graphics designer, holocaust survivor and human rights worker. Tichauer was born in Pozsony, Austro-Hungarian Kingdom (now Bratislava, Slovakia), as Helen Spitzer, was kidnapped by the SS, and held in death camps, in Poland, lived in displaced persons camps in Germany, after the war. It was there that she married Erwin Tichauer, then the chief of security of her camp. The Tichauer were called upon by the United Nations on multiple humanitarian projects. Erwin Tichauer also served as a professor of bio-engineering, at University of New South Wales and New York University.
SS Detention
Tichauer was one of the first women sent to Auschwitz in early 1942. Eventually Auschwitz camp authorities discovered Tichauer's skills as a graphics designer, which preserved her from being killed, and even allowed her relatively free-run of the camp, and even occasional excursions, outside the camp. Multiple historians have used Tichauer's account of life in Auschwitz. Konrad Kwiet contributed a biography of Tichauer as a chapter of “Approaching an Auschwitz Survivor”
Tichauer played mandolin in the Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz, assembled to meet trains of individuals destined to go straight to the gas chambers. The orchestra would play calming music so captives who did not know they were about to die would be more tractable.
In December 2019 The New York Times published an article on a previously undocumented aspect of her life in Auschwitz - 25 year old Tichauer had taken a 17 year old lover in Auschwitz, David Wisnia. The pair had been able to engage in monthly liaisons, and had planned to meet, and marry, if they should survive the war. However, they lost track of one another, for several years, and, when they had news of one another, they were both married.
Camp authorities tried to evacuate the camp, and destroy evidence of their crimes, as the armies of the Soviet Union approached. Tichauer and a friend were able escape from their guards during a death march to another camp.
In her PhD thesis Anna-Madeleine Halkes Carey described Tichauer as a holocaust survivor whose multiple accounts of the camp system had been thoroughly confirmed.
Post-war displaced person
She married Erwin Tichauer, chief of security at the Feldafing displaced persons camp. According to The New York Times Tichauer was vague about efforts she made to help refugees with limited travel documents to make their way to Israel, and other safer places.
United Nations projects, and life with Erwin Tichauer
The Tichauers participated in United Nation's projects in Peru, Bolivia and Indonesia. According to The New York Times "Throughout their travels, Ms. Tichauer continued to learn new languages and use her design skills to help populations in need, particularly pregnant women and new mothers." The Tichauers never had children.
Erwin Tichauer was an academic, a professor of bio-engineering, at the University of New South Wales, and New York University. Tichauer lived with him until his death in 1996.
History professor Konrad Kwiet, who had survived World War 2 as a child, said Tichauer served as a mother-figure for him, and phoned her once a week, after she left Sydney.
Relationship with David Wisnia
Wisnia's first job, at Auschwitz, was to retrieve the bodies of captives who committed suicide by electrocuting themselves by throwing themselves at the camp's electrified fences. Guards who learned he was a skilled singer started calling upon him to sing to them, and he was later transferred to work as a bathroom attendant in the sauna operated for the guard force.
Tichauer met him there, and was able to use her position of trust to arrange privacy for their liaisons. The pair agreed to try and meet, if they should both survive the war.
Wisnia did not tell his children and grandchildren he had a lover, while in Auschwitz, and Tichauer did not tell her biographers. The New York Times described Wisnia and Tichauer having a final meeting, near the end of her life. Wisnia was able to ask her whether she had used her position of trust to help him survive the death camp, and she confirmed that she had been able to prevent him being shipped to an extermination camp on five separate occasions.
References
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
1918 births
2018 deaths
Artists from Bratislava
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Patricia A. Jennings is a Professor of Education at the University of Virginia.
Education and early career
Patricia A. Jennings received a BA from Antioch College in 1977, an M.Ed. from Saint Mary's College in 1980, and a Ph.D. from the University of California Davis in 2004. Before her degrees in education and human development, Jennings also studied Buddhism at the Buddhist Naropa Institute in Boulder, Colorado, and later founded a Montessori school that taught meditation during the late 1980s.
Research
She was an associate professor at the Curry School of Education, University of Virginia until 2019, when she was promoted to Full Professor. She has also served as a Research Assistant Professor at Pennsylvania State University. Jennings's book Mindfulness for Teachers: Simple Skills For Peace And Productivity In The Classroom, was published in 2015.
Jennings is to co-creator of the Cultivating Awareness and Resilience in Education (CARE) program, a thirty-hour mindfulness-based professional development program. The goal of the program is to help Pre-K-12 teachers deal with in-class stress. It was tested in a clinical trial in 2017, which involved 224 elementary school teachers, evaluating the program through teacher questionnaires and classroom observations. The results of the research showed that CARE can “increase teacher social and emotional competence and the quality of classroom interactions,” according to the New York Times. It was the largest study of its kind to date at the time. Following this, she worked on the Compassionate Schools Project research project, intended to teach and provide mindfulness skills to elementary students.
Her book The Trauma-Sensitive Classroom was then published in 2019. Jennings is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Fostering Healthy Mental, Emotional, and Behavioral Development among Children and Youth.
References
Living people
Antioch College alumni
Saint Mary's College of California alumni
University of California, Davis alumni
Naropa University alumni
University of Virginia faculty
American education writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ingemar Dierickx (born 1952) is a Belgian economist and negotiations expert. He is best known for his work on the microeconomic foundations of Strategy and on Negotiation Analysis. In particular, his paper "Asset Stock Accumulation and Sustainability of Competitive Advantage" is a landmark and has been cited over 13,200 times.
Ingemar Dierickx was Professor of Negotiation Analysis at INSEAD, where he created the executive program on Negotiation Dynamics. He was the Director of the program for fifteen years. During his 25 years at INSEAD, his outstanding contributions were recognized with multiple awards, including a special Lifetime Achievement Award for teaching excellence.
Education
Ingemar Dierickx has a PhD in Business Economics and an MBA (Baker Scholar) from Harvard University. He also holds two law degrees, an LL.M. from the Harvard Law School and a Lic. Jur. from Ghent University.
Selected publications
Dierickx, Ingemar, Karel Cool and Luis Almeida Costa. 2014. The Dynamics of Resource Erosion. Palgrave Encyclopedia of Strategic Management.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Karel Cool and Luis Almeida Costa. 2013. Diseconomies of Time Compression. Palgrave Encyclopedia of Strategic Management.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Luis Almeida Costa and Karel Cool. 2013. The Competitive Implications of the Deployment of Unique Resources. Strategic Management Journal.
Dierickx, Ingemar and Luis Almeida Costa. 2005. The Strategic Deployment of Quality-Improving Innovations. Journal of Business.
Dierickx, Ingemar and Luis Almeida Costa. 2002. Licensing and Bundling. International Journal of Industrial Organization.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Karel Cool and Gabriel Szulanski. 1997. Diffusion of Innovations within Organizations: Electronic Switching in the Bell System. Organization Science.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Carmen Matutes and Damien Neven. 1991. Cost Differences and Survival in Declining Industries. A Case for Picking Winners? European Economic Review.
Dierickx, Ingemar and Mitchell Koza. 1991. Information Asymmetries. How not to 'Buy a Lemon'. European Management Journal.
Dierickx, Ingemar and Karel Cool. 1989. Asset Stock Accumulation and Sustainability of Competitive Advantage. Management Science.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Karel Cool and David Jemison. 1989. Business Strategy, Market Structure and Risk-Return Relationships: A Structural Approach. Strategic Management Journal.
Dierickx, Ingemar, Carmen Matutes and Damien Neven. 1988. Indirect Taxation and Cournot Equilibrium. International Journal of Industrial Organisation.
References
Ghent University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
INSEAD faculty
Belgian economists
1952 births
Living people
Trentham is a small town in the Shire of Hepburn and Shire of Moorabool local government area, Victoria, Australia. At the , Trentham had a population of 1,180, with a median age of 55 years.
Located at an altitude of , the town is north-west of Melbourne.
History
Although pastoral runs were taken up in the area as early as 1838, Trentham was first settled by gold prospectors in the 1850s, and later developed for its timber resources from the surrounding Wombat State Forest. The Post Office opened on 16 July 1862.
The railway arrived in 1880. At its peak, it carried up to 21,000 tonnes of freight annually, mostly timber. Two timber tramways once ran to the station from the surrounding forests and, in the early 20th century, there was a timber mill adjoining the station yard. In the 1950s, as better roads were built to connect the town with the major settlements of Victoria, and the railway was closed in 1978. The station now houses the Trentham Agricultural and Railway Museum. The station building has been restored, the platform is in good condition, and the yard is mainly intact and includes some rolling stock.
The township experiences large influxes of non-migratory birds, notably pelicans and falcons, which has led to them featuring on the towns crest and motto "Tu falco agitare et cum Pelicanis volare", roughly transcribed from Latin as "to drive a falcon and fly with pelicans".
Potato growing, due to a fertile strip of red volcanic soil, as well as grazing and tourism, later became the mainstays of the town's economy.
Climate
The climate is cool and moist: the mean summer temperature (February) is 17.5 °C, nights fall to around 9.8 °C in December (summer); whilst winters are distinctly cold with the mean daytime temperature 7.8 °C (July) and mean night temperature 2.5 °C. The coldest temperature recorded was –6.0 °C; snowfall is not uncommon in winter; sleet and snow fall on an average of 13 days per annum.
Trentham has an average annual precipitation of 1110.9 mm; the highest single-day rainfall was 154.9 mm, and the highest monthly rainfall was 317.5 mm. The region has a distinct winter rainfall maximum. Rainfall occurs through the summer but tends to be more erratic and unreliable, often occurring in heavy downpours associated with thunderstorms.
Events and attractions
Near Trentham is Trentham Falls on the Coliban River–the highest single-drop waterfall in Victoria. There are also several mineral springs near the town.
The annual Great Trentham Spudfest has been running since 2008, celebrating Trentham's potato-growing heritage.
The town has an Australian Rules football team, the Trentham Saints, competing in the Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League.
Home to celebrity/Biker Davey-I and his heritage ride circuit. Dating back to the 1970's.
The Trentham Golf Club is on Falls Road.
References
Trentham, Victoria
StoryQuarterly is an American literary journal based at Rutgers University–Camden in Camden, New Jersey. It was founded in 1975 by Tom Bracken, F.R. Katz, Pamela Painter and Thalia Selz. Works originally published in StoryQuarterly have been subsequently selected for inclusion in The Prize Stories: The O. Henry Awards, The Pushcart Prize: The Best of the Small Presses, and The Best American Non-Required Reading, New Stories from the South, Best American Mysteries, and Best American Essays.
Notable writers who have contributed to this journal include Russell Banks, Richard Ford, Denis Johnson, Jacob M. Appel, Keith Lee Morris, Dan O'Brien, T.C. Boyle, Margaret Atwood, and Jhumpa Lahiri.
In 2008 StoryQuarterly was acquired by Rutgers. Paul Lisicky is now the editor.
See also
List of literary magazines
References
External links
Official website
Literary magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines published in New Jersey
Rutgers University–Camden
Mass media in Camden, New Jersey
Rutgers University publications
Tunbridge Wells railway station is on the Hastings line in the south of England and serves Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
History
The first station was a temporary terminus opened on 20 September 1845 situated north of Wells Tunnel. This closed when the line was extended to the present station which opened on 25 November 1846. It became a through station in 1851 when the line opened to Robertsbridge and a year later opened through to Hastings. The LBSCR line from Grove Junction to Tunbridge Wells (West) opened in 1867 for goods and 1876 for passenger. Immediately after becoming part of the Southern Railway in 1923 the station was named Tunbridge Wells Central.
Just beyond Grove Tunnel at the south end of the station was Grove Junction, where trains took the single line branch to Tunbridge Wells West. The branch closed on 6 July 1985.
In 1985 preparation for electrification the platforms were rebuilt and the tracks were resignalled. Electric trains started running in 1986. The station again became just Tunbridge Wells.
Since 1974, the upside of the station only has been Grade II listed.
Services
All services at Tunbridge Wells are operated by Southeastern using , and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to (1 semi-fast, 1 stopping)
During the peak hours, the station is served by additional services to and from London Charing Cross which terminate at Tunbridge Wells. There are also peak hour services to London Cannon Street and .
References
External links
Railway stations in Royal Tunbridge Wells
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Grade II listed railway stations
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
The New America is the eleventh studio album by punk band Bad Religion. It was released in 2000 and is their last album (to date) on Atlantic Records.
The New America is also Bad Religion's last album with Bobby Schayer on drums. Though not yet credited as a member of the band, then-former and now-current guitarist Brett Gurewitz co-wrote and played guitar on the song "Believe It". The album was re-released by Epitaph Records on September 15, 2008. Like its predecessor, none of the album's songs would develop into live staples; only the title track is performed live occasionally.
Musical style and lyrics
The album was initially titled The Last Word, before being changed to The New America as a large number of people thought the band was breaking up. The album marks a departure for the band, as some of the songs are personal, rather than political in nature, and more optimism is employed. Topics range from singer Greg Graffin's recent divorce to his past growing up as a punk kid in the early '80s. Apart from Brett Gurewtiz's guest contribution, it is the only Bad Religion album solely written by Graffin.
Production
The New America was recorded from October to December 1999 at Victor's Barn, Kauai, Hawaii and produced by Todd Rundgren. Rundgren had been one of the musicians Greg Graffin looked up to while growing up. However, working with Rundgren proved to be a disappointment to the band and especially Graffin, because they did not get along well with each other. Graffin however would later write in his book, Anarchy Evolution, that although Todd Rundgren was difficult to work with, they remain friends to this day.
Release
The New America was released on May 9, 2000 and is the last Bad Religion album distributed via Atlantic Records to date. The release of The New America marked the band's fulfillment of their four-album contract with Atlantic Records, allowing the band to reconvene with former band-mate, Brett Gurewitz, for their next album, 2002's The Process of Belief, released on Epitaph Records. Shortly after the album's release, a music video was made for "The New America", which features two children playing with action figures of the band. The band promoted it with a supporting slot for Blink-182, and appeared on The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn and Core Culture. In March 2001, the band toured South America, supporting Biohazard for two of the shows.
Reception
The New America peaked at number 88 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Greg Graffin – lead vocals
Greg Hetson – guitar
Brian Baker – guitar, backing vocals
Jay Bentley – bass guitar, backing vocals
Bobby Schayer – drums, percussion
Brett Gurewitz – Lead guitar on "Believe It" (Uncredited as a member of the band. Credited as "Mr. Brett")
Todd Rundgren – producer, backing vocals
David Boucher – mixing
Bob Clearmountain – mixing
Christina Dittmar – design
Olaf Heine – photography
References
External links
The New Americas at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
Bad Religion albums
2000 albums
Atlantic Records albums
Albums produced by Todd Rundgren
Pop punk albums by American artists
A Frankfurter (German for Frankfurt sausage) is a thin parboiled sausage made of pure pork in a casing of sheep's intestine. The flavor is acquired by a method of low temperature smoking. For consumption, occasionally Frankfurters are not cooked; they are heated in hot water for only about eight minutes to prevent the skin from bursting. From time to time they are cooked on a propane or charcoal grill. They are traditionally served with bread, mustard, horseradish and/or potato salad.
History
Meat sausages as a Frankfurt speciality are already mentioned in medieval sources, often served during the Imperial coronation ceremonies at the Römerberg. Smoked Frankfurter Würstchen have protected geographical status in Germany since about 1860. Since 1929, the indication is only allowed to be used for sausages that are produced in the Frankfurt area, mainly in Neu-Isenburg and Dreieich.
Originally, Frankfurters were made without nitrite curing salt. After the special ageing and smoking methods, the sausages, now of a golden colour, are put into wooden boxes with small sheet of parchment paper between layers. Therefore, the traditional sausages have a square cross-section, but there are a few exceptions where the sausage is round.
Other countries
Outside Germany, "frankfurter" is a common designation for boiled sausages, such as North American hot dog sausages, which are called Wiener Würstchen (Vienna sausages) in Germany. In Austria, Vienna sausages are called Frankfurter Würstl as they allegedly were brought to Vienna by Johann Georg Lahner (1772–1845), a butcher trained in Frankfurt, who in 1805 began to produce sausages from a mixture of pork and beef.
See also
Frankfurter Rindswurst
References
Norbert Brieke: Köstlichkeiten aus Frankfurts Küche und Keller. Verlag Waldemar Kramer, Frankfurt am Main 1991, ISBN 3-7829-0409-5.
Konstantin Kalveram: Frankfurter Würstchen. Verlag Henrich Editionen, 2012, ISBN 978-3-943407-06-8.
Petra Foede: Wie Bismarck auf den Hering kam. Kulinarische Legenden. Verlag Kein & Aber, Zürich 2009, ISBN 978-3-03-695268-0.
German sausages
Hessian cuisine
Cooked sausages
Onagrodes recurva is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Seram and on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1907
Eupitheciini
Kathleen Cody may refer to:
Kathleen Cody (actress) (born 1954), American actress
Kathleen Cody (camogie), Irish former camogie player
Nguveren Iyorhe (born 9 June 1981) is a Nigerian basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Nigerian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Nigeria
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2022 Zinsser SmartCoat 200 was the seventh stock car race of the 2022 ARCA Menards Series season, the third race of the 2022 Sioux Chief Showdown, and the 22nd iteration of the event. The race was held on Saturday, June 18, 2022, in Marne, Michigan at Berlin Raceway, a 0.438 mile (0.705 km) permanent tri-oval racetrack. The race took the scheduled 200 laps to complete. Daniel Dye, driving for GMS Racing, dominated the entire race, leading 192 laps. After suffering a mechanical problem with ten laps to go, Sammy Smith, driving for Kyle Busch Motorsports, would take over the lead, and earn his first career ARCA Menards Series win in only his sixth start. To fill out the podium, Tom Hessert III and Jesse Love, both driving for Venturini Motorsports, would finish 2nd and 3rd, respectively.
Background
Berlin Raceway is a 7/16 mile long paved oval race track in Marne, Michigan, near Grand Rapids. The track races weekly as part of NASCAR's Whelen All-American Series. It currently hosts a race in the ARCA Menards Series East tour. The track has held touring series events on the ARCA Menards Series, American Speed Association National Tour, USAC Stock Cars, USAC Silver Crown, World of Outlaws Sprint cars, and World of Outlaws Late Model Series tours.
The track opened in 1950. It was originally a horse track before World War II. Berlin's current track record is 12.513 seconds, set by Brian Gerster in 2018 in a winged sprint car. Berlin Raceway takes its name from the city of Marne's original name "Berlin," which was changed due to Anti-German sentiment following World War I.
Entry list
(R) denotes rookie driver
Practice
The only 45-minute practice session was held on Saturday, June 18, at 4:15 PM EST. Daniel Dye, driving for GMS Racing, would set the fastest time in the session, with a time of 16.858 seconds, and a speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying was held on Saturday, June 18, at 6:00 PM EST. The qualifying system used is a single-car, two-lap system with only one round. Whoever sets the fastest time in the round wins the pole.
Daniel Dye, driving for GMS Racing, scored the pole for the race, with a time of 16.671 seconds, and a speed of .
Full qualifying results
Race results
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first 10 positions are included for the driver standings.
References
2022 ARCA Menards Series
Zinsser SmartCoat 200
Zinsser SmartCoat 200
Dihydroxyflavanone may refer to:
Liquiritigenin (4',7-dihydroxyflavanone)
Pinocembrin (5,7-dihydroxyflavanone)
Paul Dyer may refer to:
Paul Dyer (footballer) (born 1953), English footballer
Paul Dyer (conductor), Australian musician, conductor and artistic director
Giga Teymurazovich Mamulashvili (; born 2 October 1991) is a Russian former professional football player of Georgian descent.
External links
Career summary by sportbox.ru
1991 births
Sportspeople from Tbilisi
Russian sportspeople of Georgian descent
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Tiraspol players
FC Shukura Kobuleti players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Erovnuli Liga players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Expatriate footballers in Georgia (country)
FC Veles Moscow players
Carl von Lemcke, or Karl (von) Lemcke, who sometimes wrote as Karl Manno (26 August 1831 – 7 April 1913) was a German aesthetician and art historian who also wrote songs and novels.
He was born in Schwerin. Between 1852 and 1856 he studied art history and philosophy at the universities of Göttingen, where he became member of Burschenschaft Hannovera (fraternity) and Munich, and finally at the University of Heidelberg, where he obtained his doctorate in 1856. He studied and worked in Berlin, Paris and Munich before returning to the University of Heidelberg. There Lemcke gained his habilitation in 1862 with his book Zur Einleitung in die Ästhetik ("An Introduction to Aesthetics"). He taught German literature, aesthetics, and history for five years before being appointed associate professor. The frequently-translated Populäre Ästhetik dates from those years.
In 1871, Lemcke moved to the University of Munich and joined the Munich circle of writers Die Krokodile, taking the nickname "Hyena." Just two years later he accepted a position at the Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten in Amsterdam, where he was given a full professorship of aesthetics and art history. After the establishment of a chair in 1870 at the Polytechnikum Aachen, Lemcke moved to that city in 1876, where he was the first professor of art history and general aesthetics. Here another important piece was created for his series on the history of German poetry, From Opitz to Klopstock, as well as numerous biographies and monographs, especially on Dutch painters, for Robert Dohme's Kunst und Künstler and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Finally, he moved in 1885 to the University of Stuttgart, where in the same position as Wilhelm Lübke he worked until his retirement in 1903. From 1892 to 1895 he succeeded Jakob Johann Weyrauch as rector of the university and at the same time became the temporary director of the Museum of Fine Arts, now the State Gallery in Stuttgart. In this role Lemcke advocated realism as exemplified by Dutch painting and contemporary art. He was responsible for the museum's purchase of a larger collection of paintings by the impressionist Christian Landenberger.
Ever after his stay in Munich, Lemcke was a sought-after writer of lyrics for major composers of his time such as, for example, Johannes Brahms who set his poem "Verrat" as No. 5 of his Fünf Lieder, Op. 105, Joseph Rheinberger, and Anton Rubinstein. Lemcke also wrote novels under the pseudonym Karl Manno.
He spent his retirement quietly and died in Munich.
Selected works
Zur Einleitung in die Aesthetik, Habilitation, Universität Heidelberg, 1862
Populäre Ästhetik, E. A. Seemann, Leipzig 1865 GoogleBooks
Von Opitz bis Klopstock, Leipzig, E. A. Seemann, 1882, Neue Ausgabe des ersten Bandes v. Lemckes Geschichte der deutschen Dichtung. Text über Carl von Lemcke auf Wikisource
Ästhetik in gemeinverständlichem Vortrag / Bd. 1. Begriff u. Wesen d. Ästhetik u. a., / Bd. 2. Dt. Kunst, 1890, 6. aufs Neue durchgearbeitete und verbesserte. Auflage
Novels, as Karl Manno:
Beowulf, Berlin 1882, 3 vols
Ein süßer Knabe, Berlin 1885
Gräfin Gerhild, Stuttgart 1892
Jugendgenossen Berlin, 1898, 3 vols
References
External links
Karl Lemcke. In: Meyers Konversations-Lexikon 1905 auf zeno.org
Vocal music set to texts by Lemcke at the LiederNet Archive
1831 births
1913 deaths
German art historians
19th-century German novelists
German songwriters
People from Schwerin
19th-century German musicians
Southard Field Airport is a small airport located about 2 miles from Bieber, Lassen County, California. The airport is owned by Lassen County and is served by a single 2980 ft asphalt runway.
References
Airports in Lassen County, California
Tarsiger is a genus of six species of birds in the family Muscicapidae. They are small, mostly brightly coloured insectivorous birds native to Asia and (one species) northeastern Europe; four of the six species are confined to the Sino-Himalayan mountain system. The genus has sometimes been included within the related genus Luscinia, but the species have been found to form a distinct monophyletic group.
Taxonomy
The genus Tarsiger was introduced in 1845 by the English naturalist Brian Houghton Hodgson with the golden bush robin as the type species. The genus name is from Ancient Greek tarsos, "flat of the foot" and Latin gerere, "to carry".
The genus contains the following species:
White-browed bush robin (Tarsiger indicus)
Rufous-breasted bush robin (Tarsiger hyperythrus)
Collared bush robin (Tarsiger johnstoniae)
Red-flanked bluetail (Tarsiger cyanurus)
Himalayan bluetail (Tarsiger rufilatus)
Golden bush robin (Tarsiger chrysaeus)
The Himalayan bluetail was formerly treated as a subspecies of the red-flanked bluetail. It was split on the basis of its more intense plumage colours, and its ecology and behaviour, being a short-distance altitudinal migrant not a long-distance migrant.
The phylogenetic relationships between the species were determined in a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2022:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1938 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 11th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Cork entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 4 September 1938, Cork won the championship following a 7-2 to 5-4 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title in the minor grade.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Quarter-finals
Semi-final
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
References
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Jim Fernie (born 31 October 1936) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Arbroath, Doncaster Rovers, Montrose and Forfar Athletic.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Association football inside forwards
Scottish footballers
Newburgh F.C. players
Arbroath F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Footballers from Kirkcaldy
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Melbourne Knights FC players
In mathematics, the Fourier transform on finite groups is a generalization of the discrete Fourier transform from cyclic to arbitrary finite groups.
Definitions
The Fourier transform of a function at a representation of is
For each representation of , is a matrix, where is the degree of .
The inverse Fourier transform at an element of is given by
Properties
Transform of a convolution
The convolution of two functions is defined as
The Fourier transform of a convolution at any representation of is given by
Plancherel formula
For functions , the Plancherel formula states
where are the irreducible representations of .
Fourier transforms for finite abelian groups
If the group G is a finite abelian group, the situation simplifies considerably:
all irreducible representations are of degree 1 and hence equal to the irreducible characters of the group. Thus the matrix-valued Fourier transform becomes scalar-valued in this case.
The set of irreducible G-representations has a natural group structure in its own right, which can be identified with the group of group homomorphisms from G to . This group is known as the Pontryagin dual of G.
The Fourier transform of a function is the function given by
The inverse Fourier transform is then given by
For , a choice of a primitive n-th root of unity yields an isomorphism
given by . In the literature, the common choice is , which explains the formula given in the article about the discrete Fourier transform. However, such an isomorphism is not canonical, similarly to the situation that a finite-dimensional vector space is isomorphic to its dual, but giving an isomorphism requires choosing a basis.
A property that is often useful in probability is that the Fourier transform of the uniform distribution is simply , where 0 is the group identity and is the Kronecker delta.
Fourier Transform can also be done on cosets of a group.
Relationship with representation theory
There is a direct relationship between the Fourier transform on finite groups and the representation theory of finite groups. The set of complex-valued functions on a finite group, , together with the operations of pointwise addition and convolution, form a ring that is naturally identified with the group ring of over the complex numbers, . Modules of this ring are the same thing as representations. Maschke's theorem implies that is a semisimple ring, so by the Artin–Wedderburn theorem it decomposes as a direct product of matrix rings. The Fourier transform on finite groups explicitly exhibits this decomposition, with a matrix ring of dimension for each irreducible representation.
More specifically, the Peter-Weyl theorem (for finite groups) states that there is an isomorphism
given by
The left hand side is the group algebra of G. The direct sum is over a complete set of inequivalent irreducible G-representations .
The Fourier transform for a finite group is just this isomorphism. The product formula mentioned above is equivalent to saying that this map is a ring isomorphism.
Applications
This generalization of the discrete Fourier transform is used in numerical analysis. A circulant matrix is a matrix where every column is a cyclic shift of the previous one. Circulant matrices can be diagonalized quickly using the fast Fourier transform, and this yields a fast method for solving systems of linear equations with circulant matrices. Similarly, the Fourier transform on arbitrary groups can be used to give fast algorithms for matrices with other symmetries . These algorithms can be used for the construction of numerical methods for solving partial differential equations that preserve the symmetries of the equations .
When applied to the Boolean group , the Fourier transform on this group is the Hadamard transform, which is commonly used in quantum computing and other fields. Shor's algorithm uses both the Hadamard transform (by applying a Hadamard gate to every qubit) and the quantum Fourier transform. The former considers the qubits as indexed by the group and the later considers them as indexed by for the purpose of the Fourier transform on finite groups.
See also
Fourier transform
Least-squares spectral analysis
Representation theory of finite groups
Character theory
References
.
.
.
.
.
Fourier analysis
Finite groups
Pakistan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its seventh appearance in the quadrennial event. The delegation consisted of the long jump competitor Haider Ali who qualified for the Games by meeting the required standards for the men's long jump T37 in a March 2016 event held in Dubai. On 13 September, he won Pakistan's second Paralympic medal with a mark of 6.28 metres in his event, placing him third.
Background
Pakistan has taken part in every Summer Paralympic Games since the 1992 edition in Barcelona. Entering the 2016 competition, the highest number of para-athletes sent by Pakistan was nine to the 2004 Games in Athens and the country had medalled once in athletics. The nation participated in the Rio Summer Paralympics from 7 to 18 September 2016. The National Paralympic Committee of Pakistan qualified three athletes for Rio but financial difficulties in March 2016 meant they only fielded one competitor for the Games. These problems were resolved five months later when the committee appealed to sponsors via Facebook to enable their delegation to be sent to Rio and received funding from the Pakistan Sports Board (PSB). The sole athlete to represent the country was the long jump competitor Haider Ali. He travelled with his coach Akbar Ali Mughal along with his manager and the Deputy Director Sports of the National Paralympic Committee of Pakistan Amna. Pakistan was one of several countries to send just one athlete to the Rio Paralympic Games. Ali was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Athletics
Haider Ali was 31 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and it was his third appearance at the Games. He had previously contested the 2008 and the 2012 editions and won the silver medal in the men's long jump F37–38 at the 2008 Games. Ali qualified for the quadrennial event by meeting the required standards for the men's long jump at the Dubai Rio Paralympics Qualifiers in March 2016. He was classified as FT-37 because the muscles in his right leg are weak from being afflicted by cerebral palsy. In an interview with The News International five days before Ali's event, Imran Jamil Shami, the secretary of the National Paralympic Committee of Pakistan, expressed his confidence that the athlete would deliver the best performance of his career. On 13 September he competed in the final of the men's T37 long jump, setting the best mark of 6.28 metres, placing him third and earning the second Paralympic medal in Pakistani history. After the event, the director of the PSB Akhtar Ganjera stressed that Ali's achievement would help promote the Paralympics in Pakistan and inspire many others in the country to compete at the national and international levels.
Men's Field
See also
Pakistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Pakistani sport
Ansell is an Australian company which manufactures protective industrial and medical gloves. It was previously well known as a condom manufacturer but sold that division in 2017.
History
Early years
Ansell was formed as Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company of Australasia Ltd in 1899, when the Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company of the United Kingdom incorporated its Australian branch, formed in 1893, and floated it on the Australian stock exchanges. In 1906 the company changed its name to the Dunlop Rubber Company of Australasia Ltd, and in 1929 changed it again, following a merger with the Perdriau Rubber Company, to Dunlop Perdriau Ltd.
At this time the company's main business was the production of automobile tyres. The company expanded into other rubber products, including footwear in 1948. In 1967, the company changed its name to Dunlop Australia, and continued to dive
In 1969 Dunlop Australia acquired the Ansell Rubber Company, which had been founded in 1929 (originally as E. N. Ansell & Sons) by Eric Norman Ansell, at the time a worker for Dunlop Rubber Company of Australasia. Ansell started out developing condoms before moving into other areas such as gas masks and weather balloons as well as developing the first mass-produced disposable latex gloves.
Dunlop Australia continued to expand. In 1980 it acquired a competitor and became known as Dunlop Olympic, and in 1986 changed its name to Pacific Dunlop, reflecting its geographic expansion. In 1986 it entered into a joint venture with Goodyear Tire to manufacture and distribute tyres in Australasia.
In 1989 US medical devices company Becton Dickinson announced the planned divestiture of Edmont, the world's foremost industrial safety glove company as it did not fit with their portfolio of medical divisions. Pacific Dunlop saw the opportunity to acquire Edmont and use their international distribution set up to widen Ansell's market existence - a real synergy for both businesses. The deal was done in mid 1990 setting the foundation that has expanded to what it has become today.
Pacific Dunlop diversified into clothing, batteries, healthcare products and food, and by the mid-1990s was one of the 20 largest companies in Australia, with operations in 20 countries.
In the later 1990s, Pacific suffered from falling profits and a high debt burden. It began a programme of divestment, selling its food and battery businesses. The clothing and footwear businesses were floated off as Pacific Brands in 2001, and the company determined to focus on the healthcare products of its Ansell subsidiary. Finally, in 2002, the company changed its name to Ansell Limited.
Recent years
2011, acquisition of Sandel Medical Industries, a recognized leader in the development of staff and patient safety disposable products in the US.
2012, acquisition of Trelleborg Protective Products, a provider of chemical protective suits and Comasec, a player in the European personal protective equipment glove market.
2013, acquisition of Midas, a Korean manufacturer and supplier of knitted, cut resistant industrial gloves and Hércules, a manufacturer of personal protective equipment in Brazil.
2014, acquisition of BarrierSafe Solutions International, a North American provider of single-use gloves and Hands International, a Sri Lankan glove manufacturer.
2017, sale of the sexual wellness business to chinese companies Humanwell Healthcare and CITIC Capital. The acquisition was completed on the same year. After the conclusion of the transaction, the sexual division was renamed to LifeStyles Condoms.
2018, acquisition of Digitcae, a US exam and specialty glove supplier.
Brands and products
Ansell has various sub brands operating around the world for its protective gloves products.
Mission
To provide innovative safety solutions in a trustworthy and reliable manner, creating, an Ansell-protected world.
References
Manufacturing companies based in Melbourne
Australian brands
Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Manufacturing companies established in 1929
1929 establishments in Australia
Australian companies established in 1929
Artemi Sergeyevich Panarin (; born 30 October 1991), nicknamed the "Breadman", is a Russian professional ice hockey winger and alternate captain for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has previously played for Vityaz Chekov, Ak Bars Kazan, SKA Saint Petersburg, the Chicago Blackhawks and the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Originally an undrafted player, Panarin began his professional career playing in the Kontinental Hockey League in his native Russia. He made his NHL debut in 2015 after signing an entry-level contract with the Blackhawks. Panarin won the Calder Memorial Trophy in the 2015–16 season as the league's top rookie.
Early life
Panarin was born and raised in Korkino. He developed an early interest in ice skating. His maternal grandfather, a former amateur hockey player, encouraged Panarin to play hockey when he was five years old. He helped train Panarin and would often drive him to hockey tournaments in Tyumen. Panarin attended the Traktor Ice Hockey school in Chelyabinsk, where he trained six days a week for six months a year.
Playing career
KHL
Panarin was not selected in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and began his professional hockey career in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) with HC Vityaz. On 31 January 2013, having produced 18 points in 40 games, Panarin was traded to SKA Saint Petersburg in exchange for a draft pick. In the 2014–15 season, Panarin recorded 26 goals and 62 points in 54 appearances for SKA. He played a significant role in the team's championship run, scoring 20 points in 20 playoff games. He was named to the KHL first all-star team for the 2014–15 season.
NHL
Chicago Blackhawks
On 29 April 2015, Panarin signed a two-year, entry-level contract with the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks. He scored his first career NHL goal on 7 October 2015 against Henrik Lundqvist of the New York Rangers, the first goal scored by the Blackhawks in their first game of the 2015–16 season. On 17 February 2016, in another game against the Rangers, Panarin scored his first career NHL hat-trick. He appeared in 80 games for the Blackhawks during the 2015–16 season and recorded 30 goals and 47 assists for 77 points, which led all NHL rookies and ranked within the top-ten amongst all NHL skaters. Panarin found instant chemistry with Patrick Kane and fellow Russian Artem Anisimov on the Blackhawks' second line. Kane, who was the NHL's MVP and leading scorer in 2015–16, cited Panarin as a major contributor to his successful season.
Panarin scored his first Stanley Cup playoff goal on 15 April in Game 2 of the 2016 playoffs against the St. Louis Blues. During the playoffs, he registered seven points. Panarin was awarded the Calder Memorial Trophy, awarded to the NHL's top rookie, at the 2016 NHL Awards on 22 June. Panarin was also awarded the 2015–16 Kharlamov Trophy, given to the best professional Russian hockey player by the Russian Hall of Fame. He also earned a $2.55 million bonus pursuant to his contract for finishing the season in the top-ten among forwards in scoring. Panarin expressed his gratitude to Kane for helping him reach his contract incentives by gifting him a luxury watch.
In the 2016–17 season, Panarin built upon his rookie season, continuing his offensive role playing alongside Kane. On 9 November 2016 in a game against the St. Louis Blues, Panarin recorded his first career Gordie Howe hat-trick. On 26 December, Panarin signed a new two-year, $12 million contract with Chicago effective for the 2017–18 and 2018–19 seasons. He completed his second North American season scoring a career-best 31 goals in collecting 74 points in 82 games and was named to the NHL's Second All-Star Team.
Columbus Blue Jackets
On 23 June 2017, Panarin was traded to the Columbus Blue Jackets (along with Tyler Motte and a sixth-round pick in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft) in exchange for Brandon Saad, Anton Forsberg, and a fifth-round pick in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Panarin had a record-tying achievement of picking up five primary assists in one game on 8 December 2017 to help Columbus defeat the New Jersey Devils 5–3. On 20 March 2018, Panarin scored his second career hat-trick (and added an assist) to clinch a 5–3 Columbus win over the New York Rangers. On 3 April, Panarin surpassed the Blue Jackets' franchise points record after scoring 80 points in 80 games, finishing the season with 82. The following season, Panarin would break his own record, setting a new Blue Jackets-franchise point-scoring record with 87 points.
New York Rangers
On 1 July 2019, Panarin signed a seven-year, $81.5 million contract with the New York Rangers, worth an annual average of $11.642 million. Panarin scored his first goal as a Ranger on a power play during the 2019–20 season opener against the Winnipeg Jets on 3 October, and also notched an assist on Jacob Trouba's first goal with the team.
As of 5 October 2019, Panarin had the third-most assists and was tied for second in the NHL in points on the road since starting the start of his NHL career. On 9 January 2020, Panarin became the first player in Rangers history to have 60 points in the first 43 career games as a Ranger, edging out Wayne Gretzky who had 59. Later, on 13 January, Panarin made Rangers history three times during the game. He became the first Ranger to record six three-point games in a nine-game span (six goals, 16 assists). He also became the second Ranger to record nine plus points in four consecutive games, and the second Ranger in last 40 seasons with 67 points through the team's first 45 games. Panarin concluded the shortened 2019–20 regular season by recording a career-high 95 points from 32 goals and 63 assists. He finished tied with David Pastrňák for third overall in scoring among all NHL skaters. He was also a finalist for the Hart Memorial Trophy, awarded to the NHL's most valuable player.
On 22 February 2021, Panarin announced he would take a personal leave of absence. He returned to practice with the Rangers on 10 March 2021. Panarin was ruled out for the final three games of the season with a lower-body injury following an on-ice brawl with Tom Wilson on 3 May. He finished the 2020–21 NHL season with 17 goals and 41 assists in 42 games.
International play
Junior
Panarin was part of the Russian men's junior team that won a gold medal at the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. Russia was trailing Canada 3–0 in the third period of the championship game; Panarin made the score 3–1 with 17:27 remaining in the third period to prompt a Russia comeback. He would go on to score the game-winner with 4:38 left to play en route to a 5–3 Russia win.
Senior
Panarin made his Russian senior team debut, when he was included on the roster, in one of the rounds of EuroHockeyTour in the 2013–14 season.
Panarin was selected to the top senior squad for Russia's hockey team in the 2015 IIHF World Championship, earning a silver medal. He recorded ten points in ten games.
Panarin also played in the 2016 IIHF World Championship, where Russia earned a bronze medal. Early in the tournament, head coach Oleg Znarok formed a highly-productive line of Panarin (six goals and nine assists) and his former SKA Saint Petersburg teammates Vadim Shipachyov (6 goals and 12 assists) and Evgenii Dadonov (six goals and seven assists). Panarin, Shipachyov and Dadonov finished as the top three scorers of the tournament.
Panarin represented Russia at the 2016 World Cup of Hockey.
Personal life
Panarin moved to the United States in August 2015 after joining the Chicago Blackhawks. He did not speak English at the time and moved in with a Russian-born family who were Chicago residents. The family helped Panarin transition to his new surroundings and culture. Panarin also has a personal translator who helps him conduct interviews before and after games. His fellow Russian teammates, Viktor Tikhonov, who briefly played with the Blackhawks in 2015, and Artem Anisimov, also helped Panarin understand English while playing in North America. Panarin was affectionately nicknamed the "Breadman", a reference to the Panera Bread restaurant chain, by his teammates and coaches on the Blackhawks.
In a July 2019 interview with Vsemu Golovin, Panarin strongly criticized president of Russia Vladimir Putin, saying, "The mistake in our society is treating him like a superhuman. He is a regular person, like us, and he is serving us... Yes, to be a president you have to be smart and enlightened, but our biggest mistake, among many, is thinking that we have nobody better than Vladimir Vladimirovich. This is nonsense. How many million people live here? No question there is someone better." Sportsnet claimed that Panarin is by far the biggest Russian athlete to speak out against Putin, and Russian-American ice hockey reporter Slava Malamud, who translated the interview, claimed that it was unprecedented in Russian sports for someone of Panarin's caliber to be so critical of Putin.
On 22 February 2021, Panarin announced he would take a personal leave of absence after the Russian tabloid newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda published allegations that he physically assaulted an 18-year-old woman in 2011, and bribed law enforcement to drop the charges. Panarin and the Rangers denied the story's veracity, stating: "This is clearly an intimidation tactic being used against [Panarin] for being outspoken on recent political events." The allegations were made by his former KHL coach Andrei Nazarov, who coached him during his time with Vityaz Chekhov. The story was released after Panarin voiced his support for Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, openly criticizing Putin. Nazarov said that he was motivated to make the allegations after Panarin voiced his support for anti-government protests in Russia. Nazarov claimed that Panarin's then teammate, Mikhail Anisin, was there at the incident. While Anisin confirmed there was an encounter with young women, he denied that there was any violence, and called the allegations "disgusting". Panarin returned to practice on 10 March.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1991 births
Ak Bars Kazan players
Calder Trophy winners
Chicago Blackhawks players
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Living people
New York Rangers players
People from Korkino
Russian expatriate ice hockey people
Russian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Russian ice hockey left wingers
SKA Saint Petersburg players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
HC Vityaz players
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk Oblast
Strulovitch is a surname.
People with this surname include:
Lance Strulovitch (born 1998), Canadian racecar driver
Lawrence Sheldon Strulovitch (born 1959), Canadian billionaire businessman
Sidney "Cy" Strulovitch (1925–2020), Canadian basketball player and Olympian
HSC Manannan is a wave-piercing high-speed catamaran car ferry built by Incat, Australia in 1998. After commercial service in Australia and New Zealand, she was chartered to the US military as Joint Venture (HSV-X1). Now owned and operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company, she mainly provides a seasonal service between Douglas Harbour and Port of Liverpool.
Early history
Manannan is one of six 96-metre (WPC 96) catamarans built by Incat, Australia. She was built as Incat 050 in 1998. Under the name Devil Cat, she operated for a short period as a commercial ferry for TT-Line. A spell followed crossing the Cook Strait as Top Cat. Then she was acquired by the United States Navy and converted for military purposes.
United States Navy
In 2001, she was contracted by the United States Armed Forces for a five-year, joint Army/Navy program, as Joint Venture (HSV-X1). A flight deck was added to accommodate various US military helicopters. Joint Venture was rapidly re-configurable and could perform a variety of missions, principal among them the ability to ferry up to 325 combat personnel and 400 tons of cargo up to one way at speeds in excess of .
In 2003, Joint Venture was assigned to Operation Enduring Freedom in the Horn of Africa. She operated as fast transport in support of the Combined Joint Task Force and performing a variety of tasks, such as transporting and supplying troops at high speed over long distances, operating as a mobile command centre, working close inshore, and operating as a helicopter carrier.
At the end of the five year charter, she was handed back to Incat in early 2006. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register and re-listed as "IX-532" (unclassified experimental). She then underwent a refit and was painted in the livery of Express Ferries. Plans for her to enter service as a car and passenger ferry never materialised.
Isle of Man Steam Packet Company
On 19 May 2008, the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company announced the purchase of the wave-piercing catamaran for £20 million, as the replacement for the fast craft Viking. Because of its previous use, the company said it had significantly fewer hours of service than a vessel of comparable age and was ideally suited for the planned service. She completed the voyage from Hobart to Portsmouth Harbour, with most of the materials for her refit, in 27 days.
A £3 million refit, carried out by Burgess Marine, Portsmouth, provided a new aft accommodation module and the "Sky Lounge". The heavy military ramp was replaced with a new stern door and the helideck was removed. Following this, she arrived in Douglas on 11 May 2009. An open day took place at each of the company's ports and at a renaming ceremony, she was renamed after Manannán mac Lir, the Celtic god of the Irish sea. Manannan made her maiden service voyage with the Steam Packet Company on Friday 22 May 2009 on the 07:30 sailing from Douglas Harbour to Liverpool.
During the winter period 2014/2015 Manannan was fitted with a removable mezzanine deck which created additional space for motorcycles during the Isle of Man TT and Festival of Motorcycling periods, allowing fans who have previously traveled as foot passengers the chance to bring their bikes. - by late March 2015, the number of motorcycles booked for the TT Festival was up 10% on the previous year.
Service
Until 2018, at , Manannan was the largest vessel of its kind on the Irish Sea until Irish Ferries took delivery of the Dublin Swift. In summer season, she operates daily sailings from Douglas to Liverpool, and weekly/twice weekly sailings to Belfast and Dublin. During the winter, Manannan remains in Douglas on reserve and sails to Liverpool to have her annual overhaul before returning for the summer season.
Onboard facilities
Manannans passenger facilities are located over two decks.
Incidents
In April 2015 the Manannan suffered six days of cancelled sailings due to damage to its jet system caused by sea debris. All sailings between the Isle of Man and Liverpool were cancelled and passengers were transferred to sailings on the Ben-my-Chree to and from Heysham, while the P&O Ferries vessel Express was chartered for a sailing to Larne in place of a cancelled Belfast sailing. Express also suffered damage while in Manx waters and P&O were forced to cancel a number of their own sailings as a result.
Steam Packet boss Mark Woodward told a local newspaper, "Since 2007 there have been 17 recorded major incidents where our ships have been damaged and passengers have been inconvenienced by disrupted schedules as a result... the damage was incurred seven days after the vessel recommenced seasonal operational service and just three weeks after leaving dry-dock. All of this equipment was fully inspected during the docking period by Steam Packet Company engineering staff, along with Classification Society Surveyors and all found to be in good order." The ferry returned to service on Saturday 11 April 2015 once repairs were completed. The estimated price of repairs was above £100,000.
On 24 March 2016, the Manannan collided with the Victoria Pier in Douglas Harbour on arrival at 22:30. Five passengers were taken to hospital with minor injuries and the following day's sailings were cancelled, with passengers being transferred to the Ben-my-Chree. The vessel suffered damage to the port side, causing the front of the hull to be bent to the left. The collision was caused by a systems control failure.
Photo gallery
See also
List of multihulls
References
External links
Manannan Specifications - steam-packet.com
HSV-X1 Joint Venture
Ships of the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company
Ferries of Australia
Ferries of the Isle of Man
Merchant ships of the Isle of Man
Incat high-speed craft
1998 ships
Ships built by Incat
Military catamarans
High speed vessels of the United States Navy
Cook Strait ferries
The 2013 Liga Premier (), also known as the Astro Liga Premier for sponsorship reasons, is the 10th season of the Liga Premier, the second-tier professional football league in Malaysia.
The season was held from 7 January and concluded on 5 July 2013.
The Liga Premier champions for 2013 season was Sarawak. The champions and runners-up were both promoted to 2014 Liga Super.
Changes from last season
Team changes
To Liga Premier
Promoted from Liga FAM
SPA
Relegated from Liga Super
Sarawak
Kedah
Sabah
Kuala Lumpur
From Liga Premier
Promoted to Liga Super
ATM
Pahang
Relegated to Liga FAM
MB Johor Bahru
Team withdrawing
MP Muar
USM
MB Johor Bahru
Teams
A total of twelve teams will contest the league. The teams competing includes the sides finishing 3rd to 6th from the 2012 Liga Premier season, Harimau Muda B who will stay in the league regardless of league position, the champion of 2012 Malaysia FAM League, and the bottom team from the 2012 Liga Super season. The remaining 5 places in the league will be contested in the playoff round between teams from Liga Super, Liga Premier and FAM League.
FAM later decided to withdraw Harimau Muda B from the league and register them in the 2013 S.League, replacing Harimau Muda A who pulled out of the S.League to embark on a tour of friendly matches in Europe, and preparing them for the 2013 Southeast Asian Games. Perlis, who originally were relegated after finishing second bottom in 2012 Liga Premier, were reinstated in the league as a result of the withdrawal.
Kuala Lumpur were relegated from 2012 Liga Super after finishing the season in the last place of the 14-team league table. Sarawak, Kedah and Sabah were also relegated after losing in the play-offs.
2012 Malaysia FAM League champions SPA secured direct promotion to this season Liga Premier. Meanwhile UiTM, the 3rd-place team in FAM League, were invited to replace USM FC, who were withdrawing from Liga Premier due to financial difficulties.
Team summaries
Stadium
Personnel and sponsoring
Coaching changes
Pre-season
Foreign players
League table
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
Own goals
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets:
Fewest clean sheets:
See also
List of Liga Premier seasons
2013 Liga Super
2013 Malaysia FAM League
2013 Piala FA
References
External links
Football Association of Malaysia
Malaysia Premier League seasons
2
Malaysia
Malaysia
Sesbania is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, and the only genus found in tribe Sesbanieae. Riverhemp is a common name for plants in this genus. Notable species include the rattlebox (Sesbania punicea), spiny sesbania (Sesbania bispinosa), and Sesbania sesban, which is used in cooking. Plants of this genus, some of which are aquatic, can be used in alley cropping to increase the soil's nitrogen content. The species of rhizobia responsible for nitrogen fixation in Sesbania rostrata is Azorhizobium caulinodans.
Some 60 species are currently accepted, with about 39 still unresolved. The largest number of species are found in Africa, and the remainder in Australia, Hawaii, and Asia.
Fossil record
Fossil seed pods from the upper Oligocene resembling Sesbania have been found in the Hungarian locality of Eger Wind-brickyard. The fossil species grew in a swampy and riparian environment.
List of species
Sesbania benthamiana
Sesbania bispinosa (Jacq.) W.Wight
Sesbania brachycarpa
Sesbania brevipedunculata
Sesbania campylocarpa
Sesbania cannabina Poir.
Sesbania chippendalei
Sesbania cinerascens
Sesbania coerulescens
Sesbania concolor
Sesbania dalzielii
Sesbania drummondii (Rydb.) Cory
Sesbania dummeri
Sesbania emerus (Aubl.) Urban – coffeebean
Sesbania erubescens
Sesbania exasperata
Sesbania formosa
Sesbania goetzei
Sesbania grandiflora (L.) Poir.
Sesbania greenwayi
Sesbania hepperi
Sesbania herbacea (Mill.) McVaugh – bigpod sesbania
Sesbania hirtistyla
Sesbania hobdyi
Sesbania javanica
Sesbania keniensis
Sesbania leptocarpa
Sesbania longifolia
Sesbania macowaniana
Sesbania macrantha
Sesbania macroptera
Sesbania madagascariensis
Sesbania microphylla
Sesbania notialis
Sesbania oligosperma
Sesbania pachycarpa
Sesbania paucisemina
Sesbania punicea (Cav.) Benth. – rattlebox
Sesbania quadrata
Sesbania rostrata
Sesbania sericea (Willd.) Link – papagayo
Sesbania sesban (Jacq.) W.Wight – Egyptian riverhemp
Sesbania simpliciuscula
Sesbania somaliensis
Sesbania speciosa
Sesbania sphaerosperma
Sesbania subalata
Sesbania sudanica
Sesbania tetraptera
Sesbania tomentosa Hook. & Arn. – Ōhai (Hawaii)
Sesbania transvaalensis J.B.Gillett
Sesbania vesicaria (Jacq.) Elliott
Sesbania virgata'' (Cav.) Pers. – wand riverhemp
References
External links
Faboideae
Tropical agriculture
Fabaceae genera
Veta Biriș (born 11 August 1949) is a Romanian folk music singer. She was born in Veseuș, a village in Jidvei commune, Alba County, in a large family of seven siblings. Biriș moved in 1966 to nearby Căpâlna de Jos and debuted as a singer the following year in a music competition as a representative of the Mureș-Magyar Autonomous Region (1960–1968).
Her repertoire mainly consists of a wide variety of folk music and she has released several albums. Among these are Așa-i românul ("This is how the Romanian is", 1995), La aniversare ("Anniversary", 1999), Oi cânta cu drag în lume ("I'll sing with love to the world", 2001), Vechi cântece românești ("Old Romanian songs", 2007) and E vremea colindelor ("It's the time of carols", 2008, together with Ionuț Fulea). On 7 February 2004, she was awarded the Order of Cultural Merit by the Romanian President Ion Iliescu.
References
1949 births
Living people
People from Alba County
20th-century Romanian women singers
21st-century Romanian women singers
Romanian folk singers
Romanian Greek-Catholics
Recipients of the Order of Cultural Merit (Romania)
Anna Kilponen (born 16 May 1995) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman, signed with the Metropolitan Riveters of the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF) for the 2022–23 season. She played four seasons of college ice hockey in the NCAA Division I, two seasons with the North Dakota Fighting Hawks and two seasons with the Quinnipiac Bobcats. Following her college career, she has played in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) with Linköping HC Dam, in the Finnish Naisten Liiga (NSML) with the Tampereen Ilves Naiset, and in the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL) with the KRS Vanke Rays.
As a member of the Finnish national team, Kilponen won bronze medals at the IIHF Women's World Championship in 2015 and 2017 and represented Finland in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympic Games.
Playing career
Kilponen began her senior career in Naisten SM-sarja, the highest level women's hockey league in Finland, in 2009 with the Tampereen Ilves Naiset. She was named an Ilves alternate captain in the 2010–11 season when she was 15 years old. Kilponen also played with Team Oriflame in the Naisten SM-sarja from the 2011–12 to 2013–14 season and served as team captain for the 2012–13 season. In the 2014–15 season she returned to Ilves and served as captain.
Leading up to the 2015–16 season, Kilponen moved to the United States to attend the University of North Dakota and play NCAA hockey with the North Dakota Fighting Hawks. She played with the Fighting Hawks for two seasons, serving as an alternate captain in 2016–17, until the women's ice hockey program was cut by the university in March 2017. Kilponen then transferred to Quinnipiac University and played for the Quinnipiac Bobcats until graduating in 2019.
Kilponen signed with Linköping HC Dam of the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) and made her debut with the team in the 2019–20 season. Her one goal and two assists across the 36 game season marked a career low for Kilponen.
International career
Kilponen was selected for the Finland women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games, recording two assists.
As of 2014, Kilponen has also appeared for Finland at two IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2012.
Kilponen made three appearances for the Finland women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2011, when she won a bronze medal as part of the team in 2011.
Career statistics
International
Source:
References
External links
Quinnipiac bio
1995 births
Living people
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Finnish women's ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ilves Naiset players
Linköping HC Dam players
Metropolitan Riveters players
North Dakota Fighting Hawks women's ice hockey players
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
People from Orivesi
Quinnipiac Bobcats women's ice hockey players
Shenzhen KRS Vanke Rays players
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
Team Kuortane players
Thomas Hees (1634 - 1693) was a Dutch diplomat, active in the negotiations of the States General with the corsairs of Barbary. He is mostly known through his famous portrait (painted by Michiel van Musscher) but also thanks to the journal which he kept during his first mission in Algiers.
Early life
Hees was born to a wealthy family of Weesp in 1634. At the age of 20, he was enrolled in the faculty of Philosophy of the University of Leiden, only to switch to medicine four years later. He completed his medical studies in Angers and then returned to the Republic in 1660 where he was named doctor(geneesheer) at the "Collegium Medicum" of Amsterdam. In 1664-5 he accompanied Jacob Boreel during his embassy to the court of czar Alexis I in Moscow.
Missions in Barbary
Even though the Dutch had acquired their own Capitulations by the Ottoman Porte in Constantinople as early as 1612, the corsairs of Algiers, Tunis and Tripoli(still nominally under the suzerainty of the Sultan) kept on preying on Dutch shipping passing through the Straits, taking hundreds of sailors as slaves in the process. The Dutch government retaliated with a number of punitive expeditions, the most famous of which were the three missions of Michiel de Ruyter in the Mediterranean.
In 1674, Algiers decided that it could not keep up fighting against all of the European maritime powers and called on the States General to send an envoy in order to negotiate the terms of a potential peace. The man chosen for this mission was Thomas Hees, who was dispatched to Algiers in 1675, bearing the title of “commissaris”. It took four long years of constant bargaining before Hees could acquire a guarantee of a stable peace agreement, the lengthy negotiations of which he described in his diary.
In 1682 Hees was back in Algiers, this time to free the remaining slaves. From then on, he travelled to Tunis and Tripoli in order to conclude peace with these cities as well. Finally, Hees went on a third mission in 1685, this time to reinforce the existing treaties. After the end of his diplomatic career he settled back in Amsterdam. Hees died in 1693 and was buried in the Nieuwe Kerk on September 3 of that year.
Notes and references
Sources
Hardenberg, Herman, Tussen Zeerovers en Christenslaven. Noordafrikaanse Reisjournalen, (Leiden 1950).
van Krieken, Gerard, Kapers en Kooplieden: De Betrekkingen tussen Algiers en Nederland 1604-1830, (Amsterdam 1999).
Weber, Roijen, De Beveiliging van de Zee tegen Europeesche en Barbarijse Zeerovers 1609-1621, (Amsterdam 1936).
1634 births
1693 deaths
17th-century Dutch diplomats
Barbary pirates
People from Weesp
Burials at the Nieuwe Kerk, Amsterdam
Upper Lachlan Shire is a local government area in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire was formed in February 2004 from Crookwell Shire and parts of Mulwaree, Gunning and Yass Shires.
The mayor of Upper Lachlan Shire Council is Cr. John Stafford, an unaligned politician.
Towns and localities
The shire includes the towns and bigger localities of:
and the smaller localities of:
Heritage listings
The Gundungurra people are the traditional owners of most of the Upper Lachlan Shire.
The Upper Lachlan Shire also has a number of European heritage-listed sites, including:
Collector, 24 Church Street (Federal Highway): Bushranger Hotel
Crookwell, Goulburn-Crookwell railway: Crookwell railway station
Gunning, Main Southern railway: Gunning railway station
Taralga, Macarthur Street: Catholic Church of Christ the King
Council
Current composition and election method
Upper Lachlan Shire Council is composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as one entire ward. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016, and the makeup of the council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election, is:
References
External links
Upper Lachlan Shire Council
Local government areas of New South Wales
James Robinson (born March 4, 1994) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Igokea of the Adriatic League. He played college basketball for the University of Pittsburgh before playing professionally in Bosnia, Germany and Israel.
Early life and college career
Robinson attended DeMatha Catholic High School in Hyattsville, Maryland, where he won more games (120) than any player in the school's history and lost only one home game. As a senior, Robinson was named First Team All-MET by the Washington Post after averaging 11.2 points, 8.0 rebounds and 6.4 assists per game. He also led DeMatha to a 30-6 overall record, 15-3 WCAC record, No. 1 state ranking and No. 11 national ranking by USA Today.
Robinson played college basketball for the University of Pittsburgh's Panthers, where he averaged 10.2 points, 3.1 rebounds, 5 assists and 1.1 steals per game in his senior year. He finished his college career as the ACC leader in career assist-to-turnover ratio (3.56:1) and among the Pittsburgh all-time leaders in assists (10th - 438) and free throw percentage (fifth - .808).
Professional career
Igokea (2016–2017)
On August 8, 2016, Robinson started his professional career with the Bosnian team Igokea, signing a one-year deal. Robinson helped Igokea to win the 2017 Bosnian Cup. On May 21, 2017, Robinson recorded 17 points, 4 rebounds and 7 assists in Game 5, leading Igokea to win the 2017 Bosnian League Championship after a 96–72 win over Bosna Royal. In 39 games played for Igokea, he averaged 13.9 points, 3.7 rebounds and 3.7 assists per game.
Medi Bayreuth (2017–2018)
On June 30, 2017, Robinson signed with the German team Medi Bayreuth for the 2017–18 season. On November 5, 2017, Robinson recorded a season-high 23 points, shooting 8-of-15 from the field, along with 5 rebounds, 5 assists and 2 steals in a 103–99 win over Eisbären Bremerhaven.
Robinson helped Medi Bayreuth reach the 2018 Champions League Quarterfinals, where they eventually lost to Riesen Ludwigsburg. In 58 games played during the 2017–18 season, he averaged 9.7 points, 2.3 rebounds and 3.4 assists per game.
Bnei Herzliya (2018–2019)
On July 13, 2018, Robinson signed a two-year deal with the Israeli team Bnei Herzliya. On March 25, 2019, Robinson recorded a season-high 23 points, shooting 4-of-7 from three-point range, along with five rebounds in a 95–81 win over Hapoel Gilboa Galil. On April 1, 2019, Robinson suffered a season-ending injury in a match against Ironi Nes Ziona.
Return to Medi Bayreuth (2019–2020)
On June 21, 2019, Robinson returned to Medi Bayreuth for a second stint, signing a one-year deal. He averaged 10.3 points and 4.5 assists per game in Bundesliga.
Löwen Braunschweig (2020–2021)
On August 14, 2020, Robinson signed with Basketball Löwen Braunschweig. He averaged 10.9 points, 4.9 assists, and 2.5 rebounds per game.
Igokea (2021–2022)
On August 10, 2021, Robinson signed with Igokea of the Adriatic League.
National team career
In September 2012, Robinson helped the United States under-18 national team win the 2012 FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship, earning a gold medal. He averaged 4.4 points in 15.6 minutes per game.
In July 2013, Robinson helped the United States under-19 national team win the 2013 FIBA U19 World Championships, earning a gold medal.
References
External links
Pittsburgh Panthers bio
RealGM.com profile
ESPN.com profile
Eurobasket.com profile
ABA Liga profile
1994 births
Living people
ABA League players
American expatriate basketball people in Bosnia and Herzegovina
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Maryland
Bnei Hertzeliya basketball players
DeMatha Catholic High School alumni
KK Igokea players
Medi Bayreuth players
Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball players
People from Mitchellville, Maryland
Point guards
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from the Washington metropolitan area
Princess Kannikakaew, the Princess Khattiyakanlaya (; ; 10 December 1855 – 13 May 1882) was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand. She was a member of Siamese royal family and is a daughter of King Mongkut and Princess Phannarai. She is a half-sister (different mother) of King Chulalongkorn and had one younger brother, Prince Narisara Nuvadtivongs.
References
1855 births
1882 deaths
Thai female Chao Fa
19th-century Thai women
19th-century Chakri dynasty
People from Bangkok
Thai female Phra Ong Chao
Children of Mongkut
Ric Lansing is a fictional character from the ABC daytime soap opera General Hospital. The role has been portrayed by Rick Hearst, who joined the series on November 8, 2002 and exited the series on June 25, 2009. Following a five-year absence, Hearst returned to the series on February 24, 2014. He later left the series again on June 13, 2014. Hearst, once again, returned to the series on December 23, 2014. His last on air appearance was on July 20, 2016. His exit from the show remains unexplained.
Casting
Rick Hearst originated the role of Ric in 2002. On June 14 and June 15, 2007, the role was played by Nick Kiriazis when Hearst had throat surgery. Hearst was taken off contract in April 2009, and left the show on June 25, 2009, to return to The Bold and the Beautiful as Whipple Jones III. On January 24, 2014, it was confirmed that Hearst would return to the series. His return scenes aired on February 24, 2014.
Storylines
Backstory
Before Ric was born, his father, Trevor, has an affair with Sonny's mother, Adela. Adela ends up pregnant, and Trevor sends her and Sonny to live in his vacation home located in Martha's Vineyard to prevent his wife from finding out about Adela. While pregnant, Adela accidentally falls down the stairs. Later, Trevor tells Ric that Sonny had done it because of jealousy. After Ric is born, Trevor tries to make her put Sonny up for adoption, but instead she leaves with only Sonny. Because of this, Ric blames Sonny for not having his mother in his life. Just prior to arriving in Port Charles, Ric attended Harvard Law School.
2002–09
Five months after he arrived in Port Charles, Ric reveals to Sonny he is actually his half-brother. Through the years, Ric has constantly wanted to drive a wedge through Sonny and Jason's brotherly relationship. Upon arriving, he flirts with Carly Corinthos, as a way of getting to Sonny. He soon dates Elizabeth Webber, whom he marries in 2003. Elizabeth miscarries her child with Ric. Ric accuses Sonny of being responsible for the miscarriage and kidnaps Sonny's pregnant wife, Carly, keeping her hostage in a room and planning to steal the child. Carly escapes. Sonny pushes Ric down the stairs. Elizabeth divorces Ric and sleeps with Zander Smith. After Zander's sudden death, Elizabeth discovers she is pregnant. Ric agrees to raise the child. The two remarry but soon divorce due to Ric's obsession with Sonny. Elizabeth gives birth to Cameron Webber, who Ric never raises. Nonetheless, Ric has said many times Elizabeth was the first person he ever loved.
Soon after, Carly is kidnapped by Lorenzo Alcazar. Ric decides to help Sonny and Jason find her. Sonny allows Ric to become his ally. This was part of Ric's revenge plan. Ric later insults Sam McCall, Jason's girlfriend, leading Jason to assault him. Sonny stops Jason from going too far. Ric soon pursues Alexis Davis, Sonny's ex, and marries her. Ric bonds with Alexis and her daughter Kristina. He stands up as Kristina's Godfather on Christmas 2004. Alexis becomes pregnant and gives birth to Ric's daughter Molly on November 5, 2005. Ric helps Alexis discover that Sam McCall is her daughter. When Sam and Ric's respective relationships sour, they end up in bed. and Jason and Alexis walk in on them. Alexis divorces Ric in December 2006. Jason is charged with Alcazar's murder. Luckily for Jason and Sonny, Carly and Michael's evil uncle Jerry Jacks find evidence that frees Jason after the Metro Court Hotel hostage crisis where Ric befriended his brother's longtime best friend Robin Scorpio where he and Diane Miller were worried sick and concerned. Ric even tries to put Sonny's girlfriend, Kate Howard, in jail for six months as part of his revenge scheme. Ric's father, Trevor, comes to Port Charles and erases the charges. Ric tries to move on with Elizabeth, but she refuses despite his admission she was the only one he truly loved. Ric and Skye Quartermaine go to Nikolas Cassadine's Black and White Ball together, where he is impaled with a sword. When Ric needs a blood transfusion, Sonny donates his, although he was hesitant. Ric and Alexis agree to get past the events during their shaky marriage. Ric later goes to work for Anthony Zacchara and releases him from an asylum. Ric also gets Johnny Zacchara acquitted of murder, leading John's sister Claudia Corinthos to reward him with sex. Their relationship lasts until Anthony forces Claudia to marry Sonny. Ric continues sleeping with Claudia. She and Sonny become intimate. Ric later discovers Claudia's involvement in Michael Corinthos III's shooting. After months of taunting Claudia with the information, Ric reveals Claudia's secret to Sonny. Sonny, who doesn't trust Ric, asks him for further evidence and allows Claudia to continue to live with him. Claudia becomes pregnant, and Ric convinces Sonny the baby could be his. On June 25, 2009, Ric flees Port Charles and moves to Los Angeles, in the hopes of leaving Sonny, Claudia, and all his demons behind. In his final scene, he is seen entering an elevator and telling Claudia, "Don't worry about me. I'll be back," and smiling as the doors close. On July 20, 2009, Claudia contacts Ric, telling him Sonny is the father of her child. There is no need for him to return to Port Charles. Moments after hanging up, Claudia is run off the road and suffers a miscarriage months after the fire at General Hospital.
2014–16
Nearly five years later, Ric returns to Port Charles amidst an escalating mob war between Sonny and Julian Jerome. Having recently discovered that Julian's organization is being financed by an anonymous benefactor, Sonny suspects Ric of being Julian's backer. Ric insists that he is only in town to reconnect with Molly, upsetting Alexis when he sides with Molly, now a teenager, in an argument. Ric also reconnects with Elizabeth and asks her on a date.
After he was arrested for shooting someone because he was framed by an unknown criminal, his daughter Molly and half-brother Sonny visited Ric at the PCPD.
When it was learned that Julian had Ric framed as the man he worked for, Anna Devane arranged for him to stage his own death by having it appear he was shot dead by Nathan West in a fake jail break attempt. He then left Port Charles and was given a new identity.
Ric was later kidnapped from witness protection by Carlos Rivera under the orders of Johnny Zacchara. He was saved by Ric's new client Shawn Butler and later commissioner Jordan Ashford, Ric comes back to Molly unharmed.
He was appointed acting district attorney by Mayor Janice Lomax during the case of Silas Clay where Ric got to know Jordan Ashford.
He visits Elizabeth Webber at General Hospital after Jason and Sam visited Ric's client Shawn in Pentonville and the wedding disaster at the All-Saints Church.
Reception
In 2004, Hearst won a Daytime Emmy Award as "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" for the role, at the 31st Daytime Emmy Awards. He won again in 2007 in the "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" category.
References
General Hospital characters
Fictional lawyers
Male characters in television
Fictional criminals in soap operas
Fictional Harvard University people
Fictional Cuban-American people
Television characters introduced in 2002
Male villains
Fictional district attorneys
The Last Herald-Mage is a trilogy of fantasy novels by American author Mercedes Lackey. The series centers around a mage named Vanyel Ashkevron who lives in the fictional kingdom of Valdemar. Published from 1989 to 1990, it was the first high fantasy series with a gay protagonist from a mainstream publisher. The trilogy was well-received by critics, many of whom regard it as Lackey's best work.
Background
Many of Lackey's works, including The Last-Herald Mage, are set in the fictional land of Valdemar. Her first series in that world was the Arrows trilogy, published from 1987 to 1988. In the world's internal chronology, it is followed by the Mage Winds trilogy (1991–93), the novel Winds of Fury (1994), the Mage Storms trilogy (1994–96) and the Owl Mage series (1997–98). Lackey also wrote several prequels to these works, including the Mage Wars trilogy (1993–96) which occurs a millennium prior to the other novels, and The Last-Herald Mage trilogy, which is set 600 years before the Arrows trilogy.
Plot summary
In the series, Heralds are individuals with extrasensory or psychic abilities who have devoted their lives to using their abilities to help others in the kingdom of Valdemar. A small number of Heralds have mage capabilities and are called Herald-Mages.
Vanyel Ashkevron, age sixteen, is the heir to a great estate, Forst Reach, though he does not measure up to what his father, Lord Withen, deems to be a "proper" man. He is devoted to music and cultivating an elegant appearance. Withen sends Vanyel to school in Haven, the capital of Valdemar, under the supervision of Vanyel's aunt Savil.
Savil has little interest in Vanyel because he has no psychic or magic powers, but realizes he is not as arrogant as Withen described. Vanyel finds schooling at Haven more suited to his nature, but is told he does not have the Bardic gift, and cannot become a true Bard. Feeling he has lost his dream, he becomes depressed.
Vanyel develops feelings for Tylendel Frelennye, one of Savil's protégés. He learns that Tylendel is shay'a'chern, or homosexual. They become lovers and later find they are lifebonded, that is, soulmates. For the first time, Vanyel is truly happy. Tylendel introduces Vanyel to Gala, his Companion, one of the intelligent horse-like creatures that bond with Heralds.
Staven, Tylendel's twin brother, is assassinated by a family enemy. Tylendel senses his brother's death and goes mad with grief. Not understanding Tylendel's trauma, Vanyel continues supporting him as he seeks revenge. Using Vanyel's dormant energies Tylendel 'Gates' (essentially teleports) them to the enemy family. Tylendel casts a complicated spell summoning deadly wyrsa to kill members of the enemy family. Gala repudiates Tylendel and dies sacrificing herself to give time for Heralds to arrive to stop the massacre. Tylendel commits suicide, and the backlash from the 'Gate' spell tears open Vanyel's dormant magic potential.
Suffering from psychic and emotional damage, Vanyel is "chosen" by a Companion, Yfandes, who reassures him of her love and friendship and his worth. Vanyel begins recovering, but is unable to control his newly "opened" powers. He telepathically overhears thoughts blaming him for Tylendel's death. Vanyel attempts suicide, but is rescued, and the Heralds see that his love for Tylendel was real.
Savil, realizing Vanyel needs special assistance, takes him to the Tayledras, human beings who live in K'Treva, an environment immersed in magic. They teach him how to control his abilities, and convince him that being gay is not wrong or sinful. Vanyel does not want to be a Herald or a Mage, and suspects the people around him value his powers, not himself. He runs away, but as he thinks things over he realizes that Savil and the others have shown that they care about him. Just when he realizes that and moves to return he discovers a village being terrorized by a colddrake, a type of dragon. Before he can even think to do anything, he witnesses the dragon killing an elderly man. He pulls himself together and kills the dragon, but the unfortunate timing gives Vanyel the impression that he is a coward. The Tayledras later explain that he is not at all cowardly and that his reactions were normal.
The Tayledras, now aware that the drakes were gated in from Vanyel's experience, Savil and Vanyel set out to check on a village that was under Tayledras protection and has fallen under an enemy shield. Upon arriving at this village Vanyel is left to assist in protecting the village from minor harm and instead finds himself face to face with a Blood magic–crazed wizard. In Vanyel's attempts to deflect the wizard's magic he pulls on the power of a node and destroys the wizard with the raw power. He believes he will die as well, but is comforted by the thought that he will be with Tylendel. Vanyel wakes to find himself with his aunt in K'Treva as she presents him with the white robes of a full-fledged Herald-Mage.
Reception and awards
Many critics view The Last Herald-Mage trilogy as Lackey's best work. Published from 1989 to 1990, it was one of the earliest young adult works to feature a gay protagonist, and the first in high fantasy from a mainstream press. Some contemporary reviews underplayed or ignored its gay plot elements. In 1989, Library Journal described the book as a "richly detailed fantasy" and praised Lackey's characterization. While feeling that a gay protagonist might limit its readership, The San Diego Tribune praised the themes of "growing and healing and living to carry your own weight". A review in the Lambda Rising Book Report found the protagonist Vanyel "warm and engaging" and called his relationship with Tylendel "spellbinding". In a similar viewpoint, critic Louse J. Winters wrote in 1994 that Vanyel was Lackey's "crowning achievement in characterization".
In 2019, a retrospective in Tor.com described the Herald-Mage books as "powerful stories about strength, magic, duty, love, and queer identity". The reviewer lauded the series for promoting queer acceptance and felt that Vanyel's story evoked a strong personal connection. In a similar view, Booklist said that Lackey's books helped normalize gay desire. Scholar Anne Balay has described the series as an influence on later queer fantasy novels such as Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner.
Magic's Pawn was a finalist for the second annual Lambda Literary Awards in the category of Gay Science Fiction/Fantasy.
Adaptations
On August 3, 2021, Deadline reported that Radar Pictures had acquired the television rights to the Valdemar novels and that Ted Field would be Executive Producer on the series with Anthony Tringali, Michael Napoliello and Maria Frisk producing for Radar Pictures. The first season is being developed as an adaptation of the Last Herald-Mage trilogy. Kit Williamson and Brittany Cavallaro have been announced as writers and producers for the show.
References
Works cited
Further reading
External links
1989 American novels
American fantasy novels
Valdemar Universe
1989 fantasy novels
LGBT speculative fiction novels
1980s LGBT novels
American LGBT novels
Wendy Elizabeth Long (née Stone; born June 21, 1960) is an American attorney from New Hampshire. A member of the Republican Party, Long was the Republican and Conservative parties' nominee for U.S. Senate in New York in 2012 and 2016, losing in landslides to incumbent Democrats Kirsten Gillibrand and Chuck Schumer, respectively. She was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in support of Donald Trump in 2016.
Long, a former resident of New York City, has since moved back to her home in Southwestern New Hampshire.
Early life and education
Wendy Elizabeth Stone was born on June 21, 1960, in Worcester, Massachusetts, to Donald W. Stone and Norma Swahnberg Stone. The family shortly thereafter returned to their native Keene, New Hampshire. Stone's father was a small business entrepreneur who pioneered using recycled paper to make greeting cards in his printing company and owned a construction business that built homes in Keene. Her mother, a former elementary school teacher, served as a Selectman in Ward 5 in Keene. Her maternal grandfather, Gunnar Swahnberg, emigrated from Sweden as a child, got an entry level job as an engineer and became the President of Kingsbury Machine Tool Corporation in Keene.
Long, the oldest of four children, grew up in Keene and graduated from Symonds School, Keene Junior High School, and Keene High School.
Long and all of her three younger siblings are graduates of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. Long was the executive editor of The Dartmouth daily newspaper and was a contributor to The Dartmouth Review newspaper. In 1987, Long was a Publius Fellow at the Claremont Institute. Long graduated from Northwestern University School of Law in 1995, where she had served as an editor of the Northwestern University Law Review. During her third year, Long studied at Harvard Law School.
Legal career
After college, Long returned home to Keene to work with her father. She then served as press secretary to New Hampshire U.S. Senator Gordon J. Humphrey from 1986 to 1987. She then went on to serve as press secretary for U.S. Senator William L. Armstrong from 1987 to 1990. Both Senators retired after two terms, declining to seek a third. Long supports term limits for members of Congress. Before entering law school, Long worked for Americans United for Life, a law firm that authored legislative and litigation strategy for the anti-abortion movement.
From 1995 to 1996, Long served as a law clerk for Judge Ralph K. Winter on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York. From 1997 to 1998, she clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas on the U.S. Supreme Court. She was an associate in the Washington, D.C. office of Kirkland & Ellis between her clerkships and joined the New York office of Kirkland & Ellis when she married and moved to New York City, becoming a litigation partner there.
In 2005, Long helped to found the Judicial Confirmation Network (now known as the Judicial Crisis Network), where she served as chief counsel and promoted judicial restraint through media and public speaking. She participated in discussion and debate on U.S. Circuit Court and U.S. Supreme Court nominations and led both public support and opposition to various judicial nominees., She wrote and spoke in support of President George W. Bush's nomination of Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, but withdrew support for the nomination of Harriet Miers. She also played a prominent role in opposing the Supreme Court nomination of Justice Sonia Sotomayor. In 2007, Long became a legal advisor to Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.
Following the 2020 presidential election, in a private email group communication among former clerks to Justice Thomas, Long expressed support for the disproven conspiracy theory that the election was “stolen” from Trump, stating that she and others "believe in our hearts [that it] was likely a stolen election," and that "President Trump would be determined to be the legitimate winner." The email was leaked by an unknown source and published in The Washington Post.
Political campaigns
2012 U.S. Senate campaign
In 2012, Long challenged Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand in the November 6, 2012 general election for United States Senate. On March 16, 2012, Long received 47% of the New York State Republican convention vote, with Nassau County Comptroller George Maragos receiving 27% and Congressman Bob Turner receiving 25%; all three candidates attained access to the ballot for the Republican primary. Long prevailed by a sizable margin in the June 26 Republican primary, receiving
50.9% of the vote; Turner received 35.6% of the vote and Maragos 13.5%. Long was designated as the nominee for the Conservative Party of New York State, having received 91% percent of the delegate vote at the Conservative Party's state convention; thus, Long appeared on both the Republican and Conservative lines in the November 6 general election.
Long lost the general election for United States Senate to Kirsten Gillibrand by 46 percentage points.
Long's supporter and college friend from Dartmouth, Dinesh D'Souza, pleaded guilty and was sentenced in 2014 for violating the federal campaign election law by making illegal contributions to Long's 2012 Senate campaign in the names of others.
2016 U.S. Senate campaign
In March 2016, Long announced a challenge to Chuck Schumer for his seat in the U.S. Senate. She launched her campaign on March 3 and lost the election on November 8 by 43 percentage points.
Long endorsed Donald Trump in the 2016 United States presidential election, although she received no endorsement in return. She cited mosques in Syracuse, New York as the reason for increased crime.
Personal life
In 1998, Long married Arthur S. Long, now a partner at the law firm Gibson Dunn, in Keene, New Hampshire. Following their marriage, they lived in New York City, where they raised their two children.
Long was baptized in the First Congregational Church in Keene, New Hampshire. She was raised a Protestant and became an evangelical Presbyterian while working in the U.S. Senate. While attending Harvard Law School, she converted to Catholicism in Boston. Long has served as a catechism teacher in several Catholic parishes, private catechism groups, and a home school co-op. In early 2022, Long returned to New Hampshire and became a member of the Parish of the Holy Spirit of Southwestern New Hampshire.
Works
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 10)
References
External links
|-
1960 births
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century Congregationalists
20th-century Roman Catholics
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American politicians
21st-century Roman Catholics
American former Protestants
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Congregationalism
Dartmouth College alumni
People associated with Kirkland & Ellis
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Living people
New York (state) lawyers
New York (state) Republicans
Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law alumni
Lawyers from New York City
Candidates in the 2012 United States elections
Candidates in the 2016 United States Senate elections
Catholics from Massachusetts
Catholics from New York (state)
People from Worcester, Massachusetts
Mohammed Abdulnabi al-Maskati (Arabic:محمد عبدالنبي المسقطي) is a Bahraini human rights activist and digital security consultant with Front Line Defenders for the Middle East and North Africa. He is the founder of the Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights (BYSHR), a leading group in the 2011-2012 Bahraini uprising.
Formation of BYSHR and charges
Al-Maskati serves as the president of the BYSHR, an organization which "organises training workshops, monitors and documents human rights violations and participates in forming a regional network for young human rights activists in eight Arab countries". As part of the group's work, al-Maskati lobbied for the freedom of Egyptian blogger Kareem Amer as well as reporting on domestic human trafficking in Bahrain.
In June 2005, the BYSHR attempted to register as a non-governmental organization with the Bahraini government, but was refused. When the group nonetheless continued its work, al-Maskati was summoned to court in 2007 on charges of leading an "unregistered organization", which carried a maximum sentence of six months imprisonment. The International Freedom of Expression Exchange issued an appeal for a letter writing campaign on his behalf, describing the arrest as "just the latest example of the government using judicial measures to silence human rights activists". Al-Maskati's trial was later postponed until 2009, In June 2010, al-Maskati was found guilty and ordered to pay a fine of 500 Bahraini dinar (About 1000 Euros). The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights protested the sentence, describing it as "a continuation of the Authority's policy in Bahrain to restrict civil society institutions".
Role in 2011-2012 Bahraini uprising
In February 2011, Bahrain saw a series of large-scale pro-democracy protests as part of the international Arab Spring. Al-Maskati and the BYSHR were active at Pearl Roundabout in the capital of Manama, which quickly became a center for the protests. Among the protestors' demands were a new constitution and the replacement of Prime Minister Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa—an uncle of Bahrain's king who had held the post since 1971—with an elected official. In March, he was named in a widely circulated text message death threat, causing Amnesty International to call on Bahraini authorities to investigate and provide him police protection. As a result, he received a number of death threats by telephone.
On 9 April, al-Maskati was present for a pre-dawn raid on the home of Bahrain Centre for Human Rights co-founder Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, by masked policemen. Al-Maskati alleges that the arresting officers struck him and placed a boot on his neck after he was handcuffed and lying face-down on the ground, but later released him after recognizing his name. Al-Khawaja was taken to prison.
On 1 June, following the end of eleven weeks of martial law, al-Maskati helped organize a series of coordinated protests across Bahrain, particularly in Shiite-majority villages unhappy with Bahrain's Sunni royal family. In late 2011, al-Maskati was arrested for his "cyberdissidence" but later released; the arrest was protested in Reporters Without Borders' Internet Enemies report. In December, he was again the target of a death threat, this time by Adel Flaifel, a former State Security Services official writing on Twitter.
In February 2012, Al-Maskati participated in the one-year anniversary of the Pearl Roundabout protests, reporting to international news agencies by phone that police were "storming houses suspected of harboring demonstrators, using tear gas, closing roads and arresting people".
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Bahraini activists
Bahraini dissidents
Bahraini prisoners and detainees
People of the Bahraini uprising of 2011
Prisoners and detainees of Bahrain
Manyuchi Dam forms a reservoir on the Mwenezi River in southern Zimbabwe. It is located in the Mwenezi District. The building of the dam was financed by the Mwenezi Development Corporation. The dam was built to irrigate oil palm estates.
History
The dam was built by International Construction Zimbabwe (ICZ), a division of the southern African construction giant Murray and Roberts, and was completed in 1988. The dam is located in the Mwenwezi River Valley in the middle section of the river. The area is flat and dry and semi-arid with countless dome-shaped mountains and kopjes in which troops of baboons roam at will. When it was built, a number of villages where displaced and forced to relocate by the government to distant places like the area between Ngundu and Chiredzi (District), where they suddenly found themselves labelled illegal settlers by local officials.
Physical characteristics
The dam was built in a gorge that the Mwenezi River makes when passing through the mountains close to the bucolic village of Magomana. The area is dominated by mountains and kopjes. It is an arch dam with a gross head that stands at 25 m in height.
The water level in the dam reached the spillway crest for the first in 1996.
Ecology
The river once boasted of hippos, but now they are gone. Instead the dam is riven with crocodiles. Nile crocodiles have killed a number of villagers fishing in the dam. There are several species of fish found in the dam, mostly in the family of tigerfish found in Lake Kariba. The dam's lifespan is under threat from the upstream dwellers, especially those in Mataga and districts in Zvishavane who till in the catchment of the dam producing silt.
Uses
Electricity Generation
Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority (ZESA) has long had plans to generate electricity from the dam but nothing has come of it due to shortage of funding. Studies show, however, that the water availability should make it possible to drive two 350-kilowatt turbines 6 000 hours per year, so as to generate 4.2 gigawatthours per year.
Irrigation
The Manyuchi dam in Zimbabwe was designed to irrigate an agroindustrial complex (2,000 hectares of sugar cane), 40 km downstream from the dam. The dam is to be used primarily to meet irrigation needs.
The local population has tried to start irrigation projects using the water from the dam, but lack of funding has derailed their efforts, especially those in nearby Magomana village.
It was built to provide water for irrigation for both the commercial and rural irrigation schemes. To date, only the commercial farmers have benefited. None of the 3,476 hectares which were to have been irrigated for the small farmers has been developed. In 1995, at the height of a severe drought in the district and nationally, the dam was over 80 percent full and benefiting only a few large scale commercial farmers.
Lately there has been talk of Lapache Irrigation Scheme, a project funded by both the government, Triangle Sugar Ltd and a consortium of non-governmental organizations. The scheme represents the first major step towards the utilization of water from the dam to benefit local communities. Beneficiaries shall mainly be resettled farmers on the Lapache Farm.
Recreation
Previously tourists would go to the area for fishing and other activities. But these days, it is difficult to get there, the roads have been washed away, and one would need a four-wheel drive vehicle to access it.
In popular culture
The dam features in local folklore.
See also
Masvingo
Beitbridge
Maranda
Mwenezi (District)
Image gallery
References
External links
Environmental Issues and Prospects for Southern African Regional Co-operation
Dams in Zimbabwe
Tourist attractions in Masvingo Province
Buildings and structures in Masvingo Province
Mwenezi (District)
Dams completed in 1988
1988 establishments in Zimbabwe
The Decoration of Honour for Officers and Other Ranks for Wounds and Injuries (Polish: Odznaka honorowa dla Oficerów i Szeregowych za Rany i Kontuzje) – a Polish military award, established by the Council of National Defense on July 14, 1920, at the peak of the Polish–Soviet War and awarded to any military, irrespective of rank or branch of service for a wound or injury sustained in action against an enemy in defence of the country.
Eligible were all Polish military wounded or injured after November 1, 1918 or before that date, provided that the wound or injury had taken place while serving in the Polish Legions, 1st, 2nd or 3rd Polish Corps in Russia, Polish Army in France or in another Polish military formation recognized by the Republic. It was chronologically the second military honour of independent Poland, after the Order Virtuti Militari and before the Cross of Valour, which would be established a month later.
Description
The decoration had the form of a blue ribbon bar with two narrow horizontal black stripes (the colours of Virtuti Militari). Each wound or injury was denoted by a five-pointed silver star on the ribbon. Up to three stars were worn on a single ribbon; if the number exceeded three, the remaining stars were placed on a second ribbon bar, worn above the first one. The ribbon bar was 1.5 – 1.8 cm high and 4 – 7 cm wide, depending on the number of stars. All wounds or injuries sustained in the same action counted as one. The badge was worn centrally above the upper left pocket of the tunic, above the first row of recipient's orders and medals or of their ribbon bars.
World War II
The conferment and wearing of the decoration continued in the Polish Armed Forces in the West. The manner of wearing was slightly adjusted, so if a recipient had more than three stars, all were worn on a single, extended bar. Gen. Zygmunt Bohusz-Szyszko proudly wore the badge with six, and Gen. Władysław Anders with as many as eight stars. The badge continued to be worn also in the 1st and 2nd Polish Army in the Soviet Union. The decoration was worn by members of the Polish resistance in the occupied country and by soldiers during the Warsaw Uprising when conditions and security reasons allowed that.
After World War II
After the war the decoration was still worn by combatants, yet the tradition of wearing it began gradually to disappear, although it was never officially forbidden. An attempt to extend awarding to Polish servicemen and women wounded or injured while on an overseas mission (especially in Afghanistan and Iraq) was first made in the Polish Parliament in 2007 but failed then. Eventually, the badge for wounds during missions, named officially the Military Decoration for Wounds and Injuries (Wojskowa odznaka Za Rany i Kontuzje), was established as part of an Act on Military Veterans of August 19, 2011 and by Executive Order of March 15, 2012. The new badge has the same form as the original one, but the ribbon has been altered to dark blue with two horizontal crimson stripes (the colours of the Order of the Military Cross).
References
The Polish Badge of Honor for Wounds and Injuries [in:] The Journal of the Orders and Medals Society of America, Vol. 52, No. 2 (March–April) 2001.
External links
Orders and Decorations of Poland
Military awards and decorations of Poland
Wound decorations
1920 establishments in Poland
Sir Frank Samuel Alexander, 1st Baronet (17 June 1881 – 18 July 1959) was a British shipowner and shipbroker. He was Lord Mayor of London from 1944 to 1945.
Biography
Born in London, Alexander was educated at Highgate School from January 1892 to July 1898. He was later a Governor of the school from 1942 to 1950. During the First World War, he served in the Royal Artillery, reaching the rank of captain. Alexander was a partner in Capper, Alexander & Co. and a director of Alexander Shipping Co., Ltd. He was Chairman of the Baltic Mercantile and Shipping Exchange from 1939 to 1946 and a board member of the Port of London Authority.
An Alderman of Aldgate Ward in the City of London, Alexander was Sheriff of the City of London from 1940 to 1941. He was Lord Mayor of London from 1944 to 1945.
Alexander was knighted in 1942 and created a Baronet, of Sundridge Park in the County of Kent, in 1945.
References
External links
1881 births
1959 deaths
People from London
People educated at Highgate School
Royal Artillery officers
British businesspeople
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Bachelor
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
The National Forestry Commission of Mexico ( or CONAFOR) is a government agency tasked with developing, supporting and promoting the conservation and restoration of Mexico's forests, as well participating in the development of plans, programs and policies for sustainable forestry development. It is part of the Secretariat of the Environment and Natural Resources and was created on April 4, 2001.
References
External links
Mexico
Nature conservation in Mexico
Forestry in Mexico
Events in the year 1207 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Inge II Bårdsson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Erling Steinvegg, candidate of the Bagler to the Norwegian throne.
References
Norway
Nicholas John Kemp (born 16 December 1956) is an English businessman and former professional cricketer.
Kemp was born at Bromley in Greater London and educated at Tonbridge School. He first played for Kent County Cricket Club's Second XI in 1974 before touring the West Indies with a Young England side in 1976 before making his first-class cricket debut for Kent in May 1977 against the touring Australians.
Kemp made a total of 13 first-class appearances for the Kent First XI as well as playing eight times in limited overs cricket for the county between 1977 and 1981, primarily as a bowling all-rounder. He moved to Middlesex in 1982, making a further five first-class and one limited overs appearances. In his 18 first-class matches he took only 16 wickets, six of which came in one match against Surrey in 1980.
After leaving Middlesex, Kemp developed a finial services career in wealth management, going on to found and manage Stoneford Administration Services, a financial services company. His son, Ben, was a member of Kent's Cricket Academy for young players before progressing to play a number of matches for the county Second XI and three first-class matches for the Oxford MCC University side.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
People educated at Tonbridge School
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
People from Bromley
Diamonds is a French and Canadian-produced television series, which aired from September 22, 1987, to 1989. The show starred Nicholas Campbell as Mike Devitt and Peggy Smithhart as Christina Towne, former actors who had met and married while playing private investigators on a TV series called Two of Diamonds, and continued to work together as real private investigators after both their divorce and the cancellation of their show.
The show was frequently compared to the American series Moonlighting. In a direct nod to the comparison, one episode actually featured an encounter with a character who mistook Devitt and Towne for Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd.
The cast also included Roland Magdane, Geraint Wyn Davies and Tony Rosato. Campbell was also an occasional writer for the series.
Produced by Alliance Entertainment, the series aired on Global in Canada, and in a late night slot on CBS in the United States, as well as on the USA Network. It was one of several Canadian-produced drama series to air in the CBS Late Night block of crime dramas — others included Adderly, Night Heat and Hot Shots. Of those shows, it was the only one to explicitly acknowledge that it was set in Toronto.
Diamonds also aired on RTÉ Television in Ireland.
Cast
Nicholas Campbell as Mike Devitt
Peggy Smithhart as Christina Towne
Roland Magdane as Rene (season 2)
Tony Rosato as Lt. Lou Gianetti
Episodes
Season 1: 1987–88
Season 2: 1988–89
References
External links
1980s Canadian crime drama television series
1980s Canadian comedy-drama television series
CBS original programming
Global Television Network original programming
1987 Canadian television series debuts
1989 Canadian television series endings
Television shows set in Toronto
The 1987–88 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the ninth World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Thunder Bay, Canada on 5 December 1987 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 27 March 1988. The individual World Cup was won by Matti Nykänen and Nations Cup by Finland.
Map of world cup hosts
All 15 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Events in Liberec and Harrachov were completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
Stewart Smith (12 April 1855 – 29 November 1896) was a Scotland international rugby union player. He played as a forward.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Smith played for Glasgow Academicals.
Provincial career
Smith was called up for the Glasgow District side for the 1877 provincial match against Edinburgh District on 1 December 1877 while still with Glasgow Academicals.
Smith played for Blues Trial in their match against Whites Trial on 16 February 1878.
Smith played for West of Scotland District in their match against East of Scotland District on 1 March 1879.
International career
Smith was called up to the Scotland squad in 1877 and played Ireland at Belfast on 19 February. He was also called up the following year for the England match at Raeburn Place, Edinburgh on 4 March 1878.
References
1855 births
1896 deaths
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
History of rugby union in Scotland
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Blues Trial players
West of Scotland District (rugby union) players
Rugby union forwards
The 2004 Oklahoma Republican presidential primary was held on February 3 in the U.S. state of Oklahoma as one of the Republican Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 2004 presidential election. Incumbent President George W. Bush easily won the primary with 90% of the vote against his only opponent on the ballot, Bill Wyatt, who unexpectedly won 10% of the vote.
Results
See also
2004 Oklahoma Democratic presidential primary
2004 Republican Party presidential primaries
References
Oklahoma
Republican presidential primary
Oklahoma Republican primaries
Military commission may refer to:
A commissioned officer's official document of appointment
A type of court in military justice or martial law
Military commissions in the United States
Guantanamo military commissions for prosecuting detainees held in the Guantanamo Bay detainment camps.
Central Military Commission, in communist countries responsible for the ruling party's control of the nation's armed forces
See also
Commission (disambiguation)
Karl Cordin (born 3 November 1948) is an Austrian former alpine skier who did only compete in Downhill Races; he competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics, becoming 7th silver medal at FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1970 in downhill.
Biography
Cording did win three World Cup races: on February 21, 1970, at Jackson Hole, on December 20th, 1970, at Val-d'Isère, and on December 18, 1973, at Zell am See; he did become five-times second and twice third too. He also could achieve the Downhill World Cup in 1969-70.
He won the silver medal in the FIS Alpine Skiing World Championships 1970 and became fourth in the FIS Alpine Skiing World Championships 1974; in both races he was overtaken by a racer with a higher number. In 1970, he was in lead (and it looked that he could gain the gold medal) - but Bernhard Russi did win. In 1974, he was on the way to win the bronze medal, but Willi Frommelt did catch it.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup champions
People from Dornbirn
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
20th-century Austrian people
21st-century Austrian people
Oddingley railway station served the village of Oddingley, Worcestershire, England, from 1845 to 1855 on the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway.
History
The station was opened in September 1845 by the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway. It closed on 1 October 1855.
References
Disused railway stations in Worcestershire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1845
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1855
1845 establishments in England
1855 disestablishments in England
The 1995 Paris–Tours was the 89th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 15 October 1995. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Nicola Minali of the Gewiss–Ballan team.
General classification
References
1995 in French sport
1995
Paris-Tours
1995 in road cycling
October 1995 sports events in Europe
Jerina Branković (, ), or Irina (Ирина), was the wife of Gjon Kastrioti II. She was the third daughter of Lazar Branković and Helena Palaiologina. She had two sisters, Helen (Mary), wife of King Stephen Tomašević of Bosnia, and Milica, wife of Leonardo III Tocco of Epirus.
Gjon Kastrioti II was the conte di Spoleto in 1485, and duca di San Pietro in Galatina in 1495. They had the following issue:
Costantino (b. 1477 d. 1500), Bishop of Isernia
Ferrante (d. 1561), Duke of San Pietro in Galatina
Maria (d. 1569)
Ancestry
References
15th-century Serbian royalty
Branković dynasty
Medieval Serbian princesses
People of the Serbian Despotate
Medieval Serbian people of Greek descent
House of Kastrioti
15th-century Serbian women
Princesses consort of Albania
Virginia Patrone (born 1950 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is an Uruguayan visual artist who worked in Uruguay before moving to Spain in 2003.
Education
In 1971 Patrone began her studies as an architect in the Faculty of Architecture, in the Universidad Mayor de la República, Uruguay's National University. In 1978 she turned to painting, studying until 1981 in the Studio of Pepe Montes. Montes himself had trained in the studio of the renowned Montevideo artist Joaquín Torres García.
Patrone is a founding member of the Buenaventura Studio, established in 1989 with the artists Carlos Musso, Carlos Seveso, and Álvaro Pemper. She has also taught courses at and was invited to the School of Fine Arts at Montevideo's Universidad Mayor de la República, New York's Museum of Modern Art, the State University of New York (SUNY) and educational programs in museums in Barcelona and Madrid.
Press
In a 1992 review of Patrone's work at Los Angeles' Linda Moore Gallery, the Los Angeles Times art critic noted that in "her phantasmagoric scenes, now on view at the Linda Moore Gallery, she bestows women and buildings alike with a full-bodied sensuality."
Awards
Recent Award: Premio Figari 2019, the highest fine arts award in Uruguayhttps://www.museofigari.gub.uy/innovaportal/v/123378/20/mecweb/virginia-patrone.In 1988 Patrone obtained a Fulbright Grant. She won First Prize at the 1986 City Hall Fine Arts Showroom in Montevideo, and at the 1996 Uruguayan Republic Bank's Century Painting Showroom. She was also awarded prizes for excellence in painting at the 1987 National Association of Communications Painting Showroom , and for Drawing at the Uruguayan Republic Bank Art Hall in 1987 and 1988., She has had solo exhibitions at the Metropolitan Museum of Tokyo in 1990, and the State University of New York (SUNY). Her work is featured in the collections of the Inter-American Development Bank (Washington, DC), National Museum of Visual Arts (Montevideo, Uruguay), the Juan Manuel Blanes Fine Arts Museum (Montevideo, Uruguay), the Uruguayan Republic Bank Art Hall (Montevideo, Uruguay), the City Hall Museum of San Fernando (Punta del Este, Department of Maldonado, Uruguay) and the American Art Museum (Maldonado, Uruguay).,
In 1997 Patrone won the Florencio Award,, Uruguay's most prestigious theatre award, for the murals she produced in collaboration with the artist Álvaro Pemper, for the play Juego de Damas Crueles.
She was invited to represent Uruguay several times:
Biennial of Painting in Cuenca (Ecuador, 1991 and 1994)
Latin Art Gallery organized by the Latin-American Development Bank in Nagoya (Japan, 1991)
Biennial in Valparaíso (Chile, 1994)
Biennial Vento Sul (Brazil, 1996)
See also
List of Uruguayans
List of Latin American artists
External links
Official site
References
1950 births
Living people
20th-century Uruguayan women artists
21st-century Uruguayan women artists
People from Montevideo
Fritz Reiche (July 4, 1883 – January 14, 1969) was a German physicist, a student of Max Planck and a colleague of Albert Einstein, who was active in, and made important contributions to the early development of quantum mechanics including co-authoring the Thomas-Reiche-Kuhn sum rule.
Fritz Reiche was born in 1883 in Berlin, Germany. In 1901 and 1902, he attended the University of Munich and he attended the University of Berlin from 1902 to 1907, where he received his PhD. From 1913 to 1920 as privatdozent he worked and taught under Planck in Berlin. Reiche published more than 55 scientific papers and books including The Quantum Theory.
He became a professor in 1921 at the University of Breslau and then was dismissed as a Jew from his academic position in 1933. Eventually, with the help of Ladenburg, Einstein, and the Emergency Committee in Aid of Displaced Foreign Scholars, Reiche emigrated with his family to the United States in 1941 and went on to work with NASA and the United States Navy on projects related to supersonic flow.
References
External links
search on author Fritz Reiche from Google Scholar
1883 births
1969 deaths
20th-century German physicists
20th-century American physicists
University of Breslau faculty
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Carey Allen Trimble (September 13, 1813 – May 4, 1887) was an American physician and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1859 to 1863.
Biography
Born in Hillsboro, Ohio, Trimble attended Pestalostian School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Stubb's Classical School in Newport, Kentucky. He graduated from Ohio University at Athens, Ohio in 1833 and from Cincinnati Medical College (now part of University of Cincinnati) in 1836. He taught for four years, and practiced medicine in Chillicothe, Ohio.
Trimble was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1859 – March 3, 1863). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection. He resumed medical practice. He moved to Columbus, Ohio, where he died May 4, 1887. He was interred in Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe, Ohio.
Sources
1813 births
1887 deaths
People from Hillsboro, Ohio
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Ohio University alumni
University of Cincinnati College of Medicine alumni
Burials at Grandview Cemetery (Chillicothe, Ohio)
Physicians from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Earl of Chesterfield was launched in 1781 as an East Indiaman. She made four voyages for the British East India Company (EIC) before she was sold in 1794 for breaking up.
Career
1st EIC voyage (1781–1786): Captain Bruce Boswell sailed from Plymouth on 26 June 1781, bound for Madras, Bengal, Bombay, and China. Earl of Chesterfield reached St Helena on 18 November, and arrived at Madras on 31 March 1782. She arrived at Kedgeree on 17 September. She was at Madras again on 28 November before returning to Kedgeree on 2 February 1783. She was at Calcutta on 12 July. A dispatch from Fort Saint George (Madras), dated 10 August 1783, stated that Earl of Chesterfield, , and Latham would be obliged to return to Bengal, but did not specify why. A letter from Captain Boswell dated at Bengal in November reported that Earl of Chesterfield had developed a leak four days sail from Bengal and had been obliged to put back. She had been hove down and would resume her voyage.
She was at Culpee (on the Hooghly River on 18 November and Colombo on 13 December, before arriving at Bombay on 16 February 1784. She visited Anjengo on 4 April and returned to Bombay on 5 June. She then sailed for China on 3 August in company with . Earl of Chesterfield reached Malacca on 15 September and Batavia on 12 December. She sailed from Batavia on 15 June 1785 and arrived at Whampoa Anchorage on 18 July. Homeward bound, she sailed from Whampoa on 1 December, reached St Helena on 17 March 1786, and arrived back at Gravesend on 24 June.
The EIC dismissed Boswell from command for inefficiency but a court-martial reinstated him on 9 October 1788 after all-day balloting.
2nd EIC voyage (1787—1788): Captain John Cranstoun sailed from the Downs on 19 February 1787, bound for St Helena and Bencoolen. Earl of Chesterfield reached St Helena on 11 May and arrived at Bencoolen on 29 August. She was at Pulau Pisang on 7 December. She was at the Cape on 8 February 1788, reached St Helena on 28 February, and arrived back at Blackwall on 1 June.
3rd EIC voyage (1789—1790): Captain Henry Burges sailed from Falmouth on 8 April 1789, bound for Madras, Bencoolen, and Bengal. Earl of Chesterfield reached Madras on 27 July and Bencoolen on 29 September. She arrived at Diamond Harbour on 3 December. Homeward bound, she was at Saugor on 28 January 1790. She was at Madras on 11 March, reached St Helena on 16 July, and arrived at Long Reach on 14 September.
4th EIC voyage (1793–1794) Captain Burges sailed from Torbay on 14 January 1793, bound for Bombay and China. Earl of Chesterfield reached Bombay on 17 May and arrived at Whampoa on 12 September. Homeward bound, she crossed the Second Bar on 19 November and reached St Helena on 22 April 1794. She was at Galway Bay on 20 July and arrived back at Long Reach on 30 August.
Fate
Earl of Chesterfield was sold in 1794 for breaking up.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
1781 ships
Ships of the British East India Company
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
The Amalgamated was made by the Amalgamated Machinery Corp of Chicago, Illinois, from 1917 to 1919. The Amalgamated Six used a special engine which featured positively opened poppet valves. Instead of disc cams that would only lift, grooved cylindrical cams of the type similar to those in machine tools and other machinery were utilized. Aside from that, the Amalgamated was an assembled car, and only a few were made.
References
^ Keith Marvin, "Amalgamated", in Georgano, G.N., ed., The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 (New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1974), pp. 40.
1910s cars
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Illinois
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Illinois
The 2001 Paris–Tours was the 95th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 7 October 2001. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Richard Virenque of the Domo–Farm Frites team.
General classification
References
2001 in French sport
2001
Paris-Tours
2001 in road cycling
October 2001 sports events in Europe
Apogee Entertainment, formerly Apogee Software, LLC, is an American video game publisher based in Rowlett, Texas. The company was founded by Terry Nagy in 2008 after he acquired the rights to the name and logo from Scott Miller and his company, 3D Realms, which had used both previously. After reorganizing as Apogee Entertainment in 2021, it hired Miller for its publishing operations.
History
The original Apogee Software was founded by Scott Miller in 1987 and the name and logo until 1996, when the company adopted the trade name "3D Realms". In 2008, Terry Nagy, a college friend of Miller, acquired the rights to the "Apogee Software" name and logo, as well as the rights to several games developed under that name, and established a company to publish further titles using the moniker. The publisher's opening was announced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo on July 14, 2008.
The company immediately announced the Duke Nukem Trilogy, three new games in the Duke Nukem series—Critical Mass, Chain Reaction, and Proving Grounds—to be released on Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable. A co-publishing deal was reached with Deep Silver to ensure wide distribution of the titles. Critical Mass was released for Nintendo DS in May 2011, however, its PlayStation Portable version, as well as Chain Reaction and Proving Grounds, ultimately stayed unreleased. Apogee Software, LLC released Interceptor Entertainment's Rise of the Triad and the Apogee Throwback Pack in July 2013, as well as Radical Heroes: Crimson City Crisis from Mad Unicorn Games in 2016.
During 3D Realms' "Realms Deep 2020" event in September 2020, Apogee Software, LLC announced remastered editions of the original Rise of the Triad (co-published by 3D Realms) and Crystal Caves.
The company announced it was rebranding itself to Apogee Entertainment in April 2021 and focusing solely on indie game publishing. Alongside this announcement, the company announced that they brought on Miller to help assist in publishing efforts.
Games published
Notes
References
External links
2008 establishments in Texas
American companies established in 2008
Companies based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Video game companies based in Texas
Privately held companies based in Texas
Rowlett, Texas
Video game companies established in 2008
Video game companies of the United States
Video game publishers
Wet Zoo is an EP released by Annuals. Released on April 1, 2008 under Sony imprint label Cavansback Music. The EP was split with Annuals sister band, Sunfold. It served as a stop-gap between Be He Me and Such Fun
Track listing
References
2008 albums
The 2017 Americas Challenge was a curling challenge taking place from January 27 to 29 at the Duluth Curling Club in Duluth, Minnesota. The challenge round was held to determine which nation would qualify for the last Americas Zone spot at the 2017 Ford World Men's Curling Championship and the 2017 World Women's Curling Championship. Brazil and the United States played a best-of-five series to determine the winner in both the men's and women's event.
Background
The World Curling Federation allots two spots at the World Men's Curling Championship to the Americas Zone, which are normally taken by Canada and the United States. However, the World Curling Federation allows for other member nations in the Americas Zone (i.e. Brazil) to challenge Canada and/or the United States for berths to the World Championships. As hosts, Canada received an automatic berth to the 2017 World Men's Championships. Canada finished higher than the United States at the 2016 Ford World Women's Curling Championship, and thus received an automatic berth to the 2017 World Women's Championships, meaning Brazil was allowed to challenge the United States rather than Canada for a berth to the 2017 World Championships. This was Brazil's fourth men's challenge of the United States, after challenges in 2015, 2010 and 2009 proved to be unsuccessful. This was the first women's Americas Challenge.
Men's event
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Results
Game 1
Friday, January 27, 14:30
Game 2
Friday, January 27, 19:30
Game 3
Saturday, January 28, 11:00
advanced to the World Championship.
Women's event
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Results
Game 1
Friday, January 27, 14:30
Game 2
Friday, January 27, 19:30
Game 3
Saturday, January 28, 11:00
advanced to the World Championship.
References
Americas Challenge
Curling in Minnesota
Curling competitions in the United States
Sports competitions in Duluth, Minnesota
Americas Challenge
Americas Challenge
Americas Challenge
21st century in Duluth, Minnesota
Zatrephes trailii is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1877. It is found in French Guiana, Venezuela and Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1877
is a Japanese aikido teacher holding the rank of 8th dan Aikikai.
Kobayashi was born in Kudan, Chiyoda-ku, in Tokyo. Though he started practicing judo as a child at the Kodokan, he eventually switched to aikido soon after starting university and he entered the Aikikai Hombu dojo as an uchideshi under Morihei Ueshiba in 1954. In 1969, he established his own dojo in Kodaira. He is also responsible for the aikido clubs at the Meiji University, Saitama University, and the Tokyo Economics University. He is regularly invited to teach abroad, in Taiwan, Finland, Sweden, United Kingdom, Canada (Calgary), the Nishida Dojo and Shikanai Dojos in Brazil, Germany, South Korea and the United States.
As of January, 2003, there are 120 groups that are directly controlled or more loosely affiliated to Kobayashi's organisation Aikido Kobayashi Dojo. For its efforts to spread aikido among people, the Kobayashi Dojo received an organizational award for excellence from the Japan Budo Council in 1987.
He maintains residence at his dojo in Kodaira, Tokyo.
References
External links
Aikido Kobayashi Dojo
Yasuo Kobayashi and Fumiko Nakayama – Living Aikido: Part 1
Yasuo Kobayashi and Fumiko Nakayama – Living Aikido: Part 2
Yasuo Kobayashi and Fumiko Nakayama – Living Aikido: Part 3
Interview with Aikido Shihan Yasuo Kobayashi – Part 1
Interview with Aikido Shihan Yasuo Kobayashi – Part 2
Documentary on Kobayashi Yasuo
Japanese aikidoka
1936 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
Platyscelidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Dithyrus Dana, 1852
Hemityphis Claus, 1879
Paratyphis Claus, 1879
Platyscelus Spence Bate, 1861
Tetrathyrus Claus, 1879
References
Amphipoda
A Meeting at Corvallis is a 2006 science fiction novel by S. M. Stirling. It is third novel in the Emberverse series that began with Dies the Fire and continued with The Protector's War. The story describes the events of roughly a year, some nine to ten years after the Change that altered the Laws of physics. It describes the war between the Portland Protective Association (PPA) and the other communities of the Willamette Valley.
Plot summary
Mike (Lord Bear) and Signe Havel of the Bearkillers and Juniper Mackenzie of Clan Mackenzie travels to Corvallis, a neutral city-state, to convince them to join in resisting the PPA. Meanwhile, the Dunedain Rangers have captured a major knight of the PPA leading a band of raiders into their territory and take him to Corvallis for his trial. Sandra Arminger and her servant/assassin Tiphaine also travel to Corvallis to speak in defense of the PPA. Sandra sends Tiphaine to kill the knight so he cannot be used as evidence against the PPA. Tiphaine successfully kills the knight and flees the scene even though she is ambushed by the Rangers. At the Corvallis Faculty Senate, the governing body of Corvallis originally composed of professors from Oregon State University, the allied forces are unable to convince Corvallis to side against the PPA; but they are successful in getting Corvallis to recognize the Dunedain Rangers.
Months later, Lord Protector Norman Arminger finally begins his war against the Bearkillers, Mount Angel, and Clan Mackenzie. Arminger divides his forces into three armies and dispatches them to destroy the three factions. While Corvallis refuses to help, two thousand Corvallis volunteers arrive to reinforce the Bearkillers and help them win their battle against Protectorate forces. The Central Oregon Ranchers Association also pitches in, sending a few hundred light cavalrymen to help the MacKenzies break the siege of Mount Angel. The remaining Protectorate forces regroup and retreat back to PPA territory.
Rudi Mackenzie (son of Juniper Mackenzie and Mike Havel) is captured in a PPA raid to free Princess Mathilda Arminger, and Sandra entrusts him to Tiphaine. Tiphaine takes the two children to her castle, where she holds them. Norman Arminger, however, decides to have Rudi captured and tortured, and sends one of his knights to collect him. A Ranger rescue mission to free Rudi, led by Astrid Larsson, arrives during the skirmish between the PPA factions, but Tiphaine is already victorious. Tiphaine had sworn vengeance on Astrid for killing Tiphaine's lover, Katrina, but Rudi and Mathilda persuade Astrid to leave Tiphaine alive and the women abandon their vendetta. Astrid and the Rangers leave with Rudi, leaving Mathilda with Tiphaine.
The war breaks out again and this time the PPA has massed its entire army for one decisive battle. Ten thousand PPA lancers, spearmen, and crossbowmen take the field against the combined allied army. Lord Bear Mike Havel, feeling that the allies may lose the battle, publicly challenges Arminger to a personal duel. Arminger, with rebellions back home and knowing that looking weak in front of his nobles would destroy his nation, accepts the challenge. Havel and Arminger meet each other in single combat with lances, swords, and daggers, and after a long fight, Havel slays Arminger with a dagger thrust. Havel, however, is fatally wounded during the battle, and after giving his final orders and messages to his family and closest friends, he dies.
With both leaders dead, the PPA force begins to break up and return to home. Sandra Arminger negotiates a truce with Juniper Mackenzie and the remaining Bearkiller leaders. They decide on an annual meeting to be held at Corvallis, a peace treaty, and agree that Princess Mathilda and Rudi Mackenzie would spend a few months each year in PPA and Mackenzie territory until they reach adulthood. Soon after, Mike Havel's funeral is held in Bearkiller territory.
At the end of the book, Juniper has a vision during a Wiccan ceremony of an adult Rudi, leading a massive army, that is shouting his craft-name, "Artos."
Major characters
Literary criticism and reception
Kel Munger from the Sacramento News and Review gave a good review of the novel saying "Stirling really knows how to write a sword fight, for openers."
References
External links
Maps, Flags and Links for A Meeting at Corvallis
The Emberverse series
2006 American novels
2006 science fiction novels
American alternate history novels
Novels by S. M. Stirling
Novels set in Oregon
American post-apocalyptic novels
Corvallis, Oregon
Roc Books books
"Galentine's Day" is the 16th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 22nd overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 11, 2010. In the episode, Leslie and her boyfriend Justin seek to reunite Leslie's mother, Marlene, with her teenage flame. Meanwhile, April's feelings for Andy continue to bloom, while Ann appears to be growing apart from Mark.
The episode was written by series co-creator Michael Schur and directed by Ken Kwapis. "Galentine's Day" featured a guest appearance by John Larroquette as Frank Beckerson, the long-lost love of Marlene Griggs-Knope, who was played by Pamela Reed. It also featured the last in a string of guest performances by Justin Theroux as Leslie's love interest, Justin Anderson.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "Galentine's Day" was seen by 4.98 million household viewers, which marked a continued improvement in ratings for the series. It tied a record set with the previous episode, "Sweetums", for the season's highest rating among viewers aged 18 to 49. The episode received generally positive reviews, and the fictional holiday has become revered and celebrated in the years after the show's airing.
Plot summary
Leslie (Amy Poehler) throws her annual "Galentine's Day" party for her female friends, celebrated the day before Valentine's Day. She asks her mother, Marlene (Pamela Reed), to tell the story about how she fell in love with a lifeguard that saved her from drowning in 1968, but the two had to break it off over objections from Marlene's parents. Leslie later tells the story to Justin (Justin Theroux), who is amazed by the tale and wants to unite the two. He tracks down Marlene's old flame, Frank Beckerson (John Larroquette), and convinces Leslie to go with him to Illinois and reunite the two on Valentine's Day at the Senior Center Valentine's Dance, which the parks department oversees.
Leslie and Justin meet Frank, a strange and depressed man who has constant panic attacks. Leslie begins to have doubts about bringing him to her mother and tries to call it off, but Justin insists that they should "let this unfold". At the dance, where Andy's (Chris Pratt) band Mouse Rat is playing, Frank meets up with Marlene, who is repulsed by Frank's past, current unemployment and overall failure at life. She turns down his offer at a second chance at love, prompting him to storm onto the stage and denounce her over the microphone. Leslie apologizes to her mother for bringing Frank. She is later upset with Justin, but has trouble pinpointing the reasons for her dissatisfaction. Ron (Nick Offerman) explains that Justin is a "tourist," meaning that he takes "vacations in people's lives" and only cares about telling interesting stories to impress other people, which makes him selfish. Two older women then recognize Ron as jazz saxophonist Duke Silver, but he denies it. Leslie later breaks up with Justin, which Tom (Aziz Ansari) takes especially hard, reacting as if his parents were getting divorced.
Before the senior dance, Tom invites his ex-wife Wendy (Jama Williamson) to his office to finally disclose his romantic feelings for her, but she rejects him. Not satisfied with the outcome, he attempts to blackmail her into a date using an alimony lawsuit as leverage. Tom and Wendy are later shown hugging and presumably making amends, although their conversation remains inaudible. Meanwhile, April's (Aubrey Plaza) boyfriend Derek (Blake Lee) and his boyfriend Ben (Josh Duvendeck) mock the senior citizens, causing April to question why their interactions must constantly be "cloaked in, like, 15 layers of irony". They accuse her of "lameness", which they attribute to spending time with Andy, and provide her with several ultimatums. She breaks up with them in response. Ann (Rashida Jones) and Mark (Paul Schneider), at the same time, celebrate their first Valentine's Day together. In an interview with the camera crew, Ann describes the relationship as "good", but her tone of voice and body language around Mark contradict her statements. She later becomes jealous when Andy dedicates a song to April, even going so far as to question April about the possibility of a budding relationship between April and Andy, to which April responds impatiently.
Production
"Galentine's Day" was written by series co-creator Michael Schur and directed by Ken Kwapis. The episode featured a guest appearance by John Larroquette as Frank Beckerson, the long-lost love of Leslie's mother, Marlene Knope. When Parks and Recreation co-creator Greg Daniels announced the casting in January 2010, he described Larroquette's character as "He's the one who got away." "Galentine's Day" also included an appearance by Pamela Reed, who has played Marlene Knope in several episodes, and the last of a string of slated guest appearances by Justin Theroux as Justin Anderson, a love interest for Leslie. The episode marked the return of Andy's band, "Mouse Rat", which was previously featured in the first season finale "Rock Show". His bandmates are played by Mark Rivers (drums), Andrew Burlinson (guitar) and Alan Yang (bass), the latter of whom serves as a screenwriter for Parks and Recreation.
Cultural references
At the dance, a senior citizen approaches Ron Swanson and asks for an autograph from Duke Silver. This is a reference to the previous second season episode, "Practice Date", which establishes Ron's secret identity as a jazz musician. Leslie referred to her Galentine's Day breakfast tradition as "Lilith Fair minus the angst and plus frittatas", a reference to the concert tour and traveling music festival. She also said the love story between Marlene and Frank makes the 2004 romance film The Notebook look like the 2008 horror film Saw V. Mark gets Ann a necklace similar to the Heart of the Ocean, the fictional jewelry given to Kate Winslet's character in the 1997 romantic drama film, Titanic. During one scene in "Galentine's Day", Leslie does a voice impersonation of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. When Tom mistakes the impression for that of the Arnold Schwarzenegger character Terminator, he prompts Leslie to do that impression as well.
Among the songs performed by Mouse Rat in "Galentine's Day" were "The Way You Look Tonight", originally performed by Fred Astaire in the 1936 film, Swing Time. Andy's bandmate suggests he sings the "Let's Call the Whole Thing Off" more like jazz musician and trumpeter Louis Armstrong, who Andy admits he has never heard of. Andy and his band also performs "I Only Have Eyes for You" and "I've Got You Under My Skin". At the end of the evening one of the senior citizens corners Andy and tells him that he "sounds like Dean Martin", who Andy has also never heard of. Leslie said reuniting Marlene and Frank would be like reuniting Romeo and Juliet, the protagonists of the William Shakespeare play of the same name, or reuniting actress Jennifer Aniston and actor Brad Pitt. She also warns to the camera for Aniston to "stay away from John Mayer", the musician who previously dated Aniston. In the days prior to the original broadcast of "Galentine's Day", Mayer publicly apologized for a number of explicit sexual and racial comments he had made in the past months, which prompted news outlets to praise Parks and Recreation for the timeliness of their Mayer joke. In May 2011, Jennifer Aniston started dating Justin Theroux, who guest starred in the episode, and they later married. Frank made a reference to a recurring gag from Arrested Development when, after being rejected, he announced to Marlene, "take one last look...because you'll never see this body again."
Reception
In its original American NBC broadcast on February 11, 2010, "Galentine's Day" was seen by 4.98 million households, according to Nielsen Media Research. This marked a continued recent improvement in ratings for the series. "Galentine's Day" was seen by more viewers than the previous week's episode "Sweetums", which drew 4.87 million viewers and was an an increase from previous episodes. "Galentine's Day" drew an overall 3.1 rating/5 share, and a 2.3 rating/6 share among viewers between 18 and 49, the latter of which tied with "Sweetums" as the highest of its age group for the series. The subsequent episode, "Woman of the Year", would also tie the two episodes for a series-high rating in that 18 to 49 age groups.
"Galentine's Day" received generally positive reviews. Entertainment Weekly writer Sandra Gonzalez said, "The show managed to cram more character development into 22 minutes than I thought possible. Almost every couple had a major milestone of sorts last night." Gonzalez complimented the acting of Aziz Ansari during his moments with Wendy, and praised the "touching moment" between Ron and Leslie when she realized she had to break up with Justin. Steve Kandell of New York magazine appreciated that Leslie was correct about Frank, and that Justin was the ignorant one. Kandell said the senior dance served as a "poignant backdrop" for the episode's romantic subplots, but said the most intriguing show's relationship is between Leslie and Ron. Alan Sepinwall, television columnist with The Star-Ledger, said the episode was funny, but focused more attention on advancing various romantic subplots. Sepinwall said the scenes about Ann and Mark were "a nice reaction to the general blandness of that relationship", but found it "frustrating" that the episode left the reason for Wendy and Tom's resolution unclear.
Steve Heisler of The A.V. Club praised the episode for displaying some of Leslie's stronger and more competent aspects, which he said makes audiences "much more willing to put up with her many, many eccentricities". Heisler said he thought the Leslie and Justin relationship ended appropriately and praised Ansari's performance, but added he was a little "taken aback" by how rudely Tom treated Wendy. Matt Fowler of IGN said the episode had many funny moments and good character development, but he said some of the romantic relationships risked skewing the balance between "the sweet and the absurd", and that some of the character moments "played out a bit too jarringly real for a show like this". Kona Gallagher of TV Squad said she would like to see Leslie get a boyfriend who last longer than three episodes, unlike Justin Theroux and Louis C.K., who played Leslie's love interest Dave Sanderson earlier in the season. Gallagher praised Andy's band and the befuddlement with which Andy reacted to the senior citizen audience. Mike Murphy of The Press Democrat said the episode was funny, and he particularly praised the "hilariously whacked-out" performance of John Laroquette. Several commentators praised the joke about Andy's new rock song "Sex Hair", about how one can tell whether someone had sex because their hair is matted.
Public reception
"Galentine's Day" has transcended the television screen and become established in everyday culture. On February 13, Galentine's Day, a nonofficial holiday, is celebrated as a day for "ladies celebrating ladies." Businesses such as Sprinkles Cupcakes, Lyft, Shari's Berries, 4KIDS, and Target promoted the holiday on Twitter in 2017, with Target even selling Galentine's Day themed products. Awareness of the holiday spread thanks to social media, with #GalentinesDay trending on Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr on February 13, 2017, seven years after the original episode aired.
DVD release
"Galentine's Day", along with the other 23 second-season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States on November 30, 2010. The DVD included deleted scenes for each episode.
References
External links
"Galentine's Day" at the official Parks and Recreation site
2010 American television episodes
Parks and Recreation (season 2) episodes
Valentine's Day television episodes
Television episodes written by Michael Schur
José Ladrönn (born 1967) is a comic book penciller and inker born in Mexico.
Biography
Comic book titles he has contributed to include Cable, Spider-Boy Team-Up, Superman Transilvane and Inhumans. In the 2006 he received an Eisner Award (Best Painter/Multimedia Artist) for his work with writer and publisher Richard Starkings on Hip Flask: Mystery City, one of a series of Hip Flask one-shots published by Active Images.
In 2004 he worked with the Chilean author Alejandro Jodorowsky in the story Tears of gold published in the U.S. by Metal Hurlant magazine.
Prior to 2010, he also regularly contributed covers for various titles such as Marvel's Incredible Hulk and DC Comics' Countdown to Infinite Crisis: The OMAC Project.
He is currently working on Hip Flask volume 5 as well The Sons of El Topo with Alejandro Jodorowsky.
Bibliography
Interior comic work includes:
Cable #-1, 48-70 (with James Robinson and Joe Casey, Marvel Comics, 1997–1999)
Final Incal (with Alejandro Jodorowsky, Humanoids Publishing, 2014)
Sons of El Topo - "Les Fils d'El Topo - Tome 1 - Caïn" (with Alejandro Jodorowsky, 2016)
Covers only
Uncanny X-Men #-1 (Marvel, 1997)
Cable #46, 56–57, 63 (Marvel, 1997–1999)
Thor #14 (Marvel, 1999)
X-51 #2 (Marvel, 1999)
The New Eternals: Apocalypse Now #1 (Marvel, 2000)
The Jack Kirby Collector #32 (TwoMorrows, 2001)
The Incal #1-3, 10-11 (Humanoids Publishing, 2001–2002)
Alter Nation #2 (Image, 2004)
The OMAC Project #1-6, Infinite Crisis Special (DC Comics, 2005–2006)
Conan #20-22 (Dark Horse, 2005)
Wonder Woman v2 #219 (DC Comics, 2005)
The Flash v2 #226 (DC Comics, 2005)
Incredible Hulk v2 #92-105 (Marvel, 2006–2007)
Elephantmen #1-13, 20, 22, The Pilot (Image, 2006–2009)
The All-New Atom #5-25 (DC Comics, 2007–2008)
Fantastic Four Omnibus Volume 2 hc (Marvel, 2007)
Elephantmen: War Toys #1-3 (Image, 2007–2008)
Green Arrow/Black Canary #15-29 (DC Comics, 2009–2010)
The War That Time Forgot #9 (DC Comics, 2009)
Faces of Evil: Deathstroke #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Action Comics #873 (DC Comics, 2009)
Superman: World of New Krypton #1, 12 (DC Comics, 2009–2010)
Batman: Battle for the Cowl: Commissioner Gordon #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Batman: Battle for the Cowl: Arkham Asylum #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Batman: Battle for the Cowl: Man-Bat #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Batman: Battle for the Cowl: The Underground #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Batman: Battle for the Cowl: The Network #1 (DC Comics, 2009)
Green Lantern Corps #43 (DC Comics, 2010)
The Spirit #1-17 (DC Comics, 2010–2011)
Incredible Hulk v3 #1 (Marvel, 2011)
All-Star Western v3 #4-10 (DC Comics, 2012)
Awards
2006: Won "Best Painter/Multimedia Artist (Interior)" Eisner Award, for Hip Flask: Mystery City
Notes
References
José O. Ladrönn at the Lambiek Comiclopedia
External links
Ladrönn site at Hollywood Comics
Cover gallery
Interviews
Artists Only: Jose Ladronn, Comics Bulletin, May 29, 2000
Mexican comics artists
Eisner Award winners for Best Painter/Multimedia Artist (Interior)
Living people
1967 births
Florence Portelli (born 23 March 1978 in Argenteuil) is a French politician who has been serving as Mayor of Taverny since 2014. She has also been a regional councillor of Île-de-France since 2015.
A longtime member of The Republicans, Portelli served as François Fillon's spokeswoman during his presidential election campaign in 2017. She was a candidate for the presidency of The Republicans that year.
Early life and education
Portelli is the daughter of senator Hugues Portelli and Marie Bosi. She enrolled at the Panthéon-Assas University where she graduated with a M.A. in public law of the Sorbonne Law School and, later, with a degree of Paris Institute of Criminology.
Political career
In 2014, Portelli was elected Mayor of Taverny. As part of the campaign led by Valérie Pécresse, she became regional councillor of Île-de-France in the 2015 elections.
In 2015, Portelli was appointed as member of The Republicans political bureau by its chairman Nicolas Sarkozy and became the party's national spokesperson on cultural affairs.
Having supported François Fillon during the 2012 leadership election, Portelli was selected as spokesperson for his 2017 presidential campaign, and later as The Republicans' campaign spokeswoman for the 2017 French legislative election, in the team led by François Baroin.
Ahead of the Republicans' 2017 leadership elections, Portelli declared her candidacy on 29 August 2017, arguing that she wanted to work "for the right to recover its pride", to "return to activists the place that they should have in the party", and "a refoundation, a democratized functioning, a radical change to statutes and clarification of the ideological line of the party". She excludes any possibility of cooperating with the extreme right, argues for the need to "reinforce" immigration control, and supports the definitive exclusion of LR members of "The Constructives", saying they had "excluded themselves", but invited those who hoped that its creation would propel the right to reform to "to return to the fold," believing them mistaken. In the final vote, she lost against Laurent Wauquiez.
In February 2018, Portelli was appointed General secretary of "Libres !", a movement founded by Valérie Pécresse and affiliated with the Republicans.
Personal life
Portelli has been playing piano since the age of six and is an avid jazz lover. In 2016, she was elected President of the Orchestre national d'Île-de-France, a French symphony orchestra
References
External links
Official website
1978 births
Living people
The Republicans (France) politicians
People from Argenteuil
Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas University alumni
French people of Italian descent
Mayors of places in France
The Battle of Höchst (20 June 1622) was fought between a Catholic League army led by Johan Tzerclaes, Count of Tilly and a Protestant army commanded by Christian the Younger, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, close to the town of Höchst, today a suburb of the city of Frankfurt am Main. The result was a one-sided Catholic League victory. The action occurred during the Thirty Years' War.
Background
In April 1622, Tilly had lost the Battle of Mingolsheim to Ernst von Mansfeld. In early May, however, Tilly won a decisive engagement with Georg Friedrich, Margrave of Baden-Durlach at the Battle of Wimpfen, which dispersed or killed approximately 3/4 of Georg Friederich's army, leaving only Christian of Brunswick and Ernst von Mansfeld to command in the coming battle. Meanwhile, even though Tilly had lost the army of Gonzalo de Córdoba, who had left, Tilly was more than compensated by the troops of General Tommaso Caracciolo and the count of Anholt, Johann Jakob.
Christian wanted to use the situation for a crucial strike against the Catholic League. With 12,000 infantrymen, nearly 5,000 cavalrymen, and three guns he moved from Westphalia along the Weser River shoreline, and through Hesse towards the Main River to unite his troops with armies of Mansfeld and Baden-Durlach, at Darmstadt. Continuing their mission of blocking a rendezvous between Mansfeld and Christian of Brunswick, the Catholic forces reached the river at Höchst on June 20 to find Christian's army already crossing the river.
Battle
On 15 June, Christian reached the territory of the Archbishopric of Mainz at Oberursel. He sent Colonel Dodo zu Innhausen und Knyphausen with an advance guard of 1,500 men against Höchst to take the town in a coup de main and to safeguard the Main crossing point. However, the Höchst municipal troops successfully defended the town against Knyphausen's initial assault. On the 16th Knyphausen's troops finally stormed and plundered Höchst.
Two days later the Protestants started building a pontoon bridge across the Main. Meanwhile, Christian moved with his troops towards Höchst and destroyed the villages of Oberusel, Eschborn, and Sulzbach. At the same time the Catholic troops approached in forced marches from Würzburg with 20,000 infantrymen, 6,000 cavalrymen, and 18 guns. On 19 June, they arrived at the Nidda River between Nied and Sossenheim late at night.
When the bridge was completed in the morning of 20 June, Christian's baggage started to cross the river. Tilly planned to force Christian's troops back to the Höchst walls and the Main, isolating the two thousand troops in Sossenheim. Hence, Christian ordered his troops to withdraw over the pontoon bridge towards Kelsterbach, but under the Catholic artillery fire the withdrawal turned into a headlong flight. The bridge broke after only 3,000 men had crossed and many of Christian's soldiers and horses drowned in the Main.
By the time Höchst castle was captured at around 10 p.m., Christian had already lost a third of his army and was forced to retreat. Mansfeld lost an additional 2,000 troops acting as rearguard at Mannheim. Christian's entire baggage train and guns became Catholic loot. While the League troops lost only 100 soldiers, nearly 2,000 of Christian's soldiers died. However, Christian succeeded in escaping with 3,000 cavalrymen, 8,000 infantrymen, and his war chest, eventually uniting with Mansfeld's army. More recent investigations, however, showed that Christian had lost most of his booty.
Aftermath
Tilly claimed a strategic victory because his army had far fewer losses, despite the fact that Christian of Brunswick had achieved his operational goal of uniting his army with Mansfeld's. As a result of the battle, however, his troops were severely demoralised and had also lost most of their equipment, making them more of a liability than a reinforcement.
Höchst was the decisive battle of the 1622 campaign and signalled the end for "Winter King" Frederick V.
Shortly after the battle, the combined Protestant forces, now numbering 26,000 strong, positioned themselves on the western bank of the Rhine and ceased to resist the invasion of the Palatinate.
Frederick cancelled their contract and they were then hired by the Dutch Republic to lift the siege of Bergen-op-Zoom. On their way there, they were intercepted by Córdoba's troops in the Battle of Fleurus on August 29 and strategically defeated him despite suffering greater losses.
Heidelberg came under siege and despite an 11-week resistance, fell on 15 September.
With this news, the token English forces under Sir Horace Vere evacuated Mannheim, which fell on 2 November, and moved to the fortress of Frankenthal, which served as a final outpost for Protestant resistance in this area. It fell the following year. Duke Maximillian now controlled half of the Lower Palatinate and installed Heinrich von Metternich as governor.
Illustrations of the battle
The Swiss engraver Merian depicted the battle and the bridging of the Main in an engraving. Another contemporary engraving of an unknown artist shows the battle in a large panorama. Neither of these artists had been an eye witness of the event.
References
External links
Johann Philipp Abelin: Theatrum Europaeum, Vol. 1, Frankfurt am Main 1662, plate 1622, pages 630-633 (German)
Battles of the Thirty Years' War
Battles involving the Holy Roman Empire
Battles involving Spain
1622 in Europe
Conflicts in 1622
History of Frankfurt
1622 in the Holy Roman Empire
Battles in Hesse
The Ahom (Pron: ), or Tai-Ahom is an ethnic group from the Indian states of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh. The members of this group are admixed descendants of the Tai people who reached the Brahmaputra valley of Assam in 1228 and the local indigenous people who joined them over the course of history. Sukaphaa, the leader of the Tai group and his 9000 followers established the Ahom kingdom (1228–1826 CE), which controlled much of the Brahmaputra Valley in modern Assam until 1826.
The modern Ahom people and their culture are a syncretism of the original Tai and their culture and local Tibeto-Burman people and their cultures they absorbed in Assam. The local people of different ethnic groups of Assam that took to the Tai way of life and polity were incorporated into their fold which came to be known as Ahom as in the process known as Ahomisation. Many local ethnic groups, including the Borahis who were of Tibeto-Burman origin, were completely subsumed into the Ahom community; while members of other communities, based on their allegiance to the Ahom kingdom or the usefulness of their talents, too were accepted as Ahoms. Currently, they represent the largest Tai group in India, with a population of nearly 1.3 million in Assam. Ahom people are found mostly in Upper Assam in the districts of Golaghat, Jorhat, Sibsagar, Dibrugarh, Tinsukia (south of Brahmaputra river); and in Lakhimpur, Sonitpur and Dhemaji (north).
Even though the already admixed group Ahom made up a relatively small portion of the kingdom's population, they maintained their original Ahom language and practised their traditional religion till the 17th century, when the Ahom court as well as the commoners adopted the Assamese language.
History
Origins
The Tai speaking people came into prominence first in the Guangxi region, in China, from where they moved to mainland Southeast Asia in the middle of the 11th century after a long and fierce battle with the Chinese. The Tai-Ahoms are traced to either Mong Mao of South China or to the Hukawng Valley in Myanmar.
Sukaphaa, a Tai prince of Mong Mao, and a band of followers reached Assam in 1228 with an intention of settling there. They came with a higher technology of wet-rice cultivation then extant and a tradition of writing, record keeping, and state formation. They settled in the region south of the Brahmaputra river and to the east of the Dikho river; the Ahoms today are found concentrated in this region. Sukaphaa, the leader of the Tai group and his 9,000 followers established the Ahom kingdom (1228–1826 CE), which controlled much of the Bramhaputra valley until 1826.
Initial formation in Assam
In the initial phase, the band of followers of Sukaphaa moved about for nearly thirty years and mixed with the local population. He moved from place to place, searching for a seat. He made peace with the Borahi and Moran ethnic groups, and he and his mostly male followers married into them, creating an admixed population identified as Ahoms and initiating the process of Ahomisation. The Borahis, a Tibeto-Burman people, were completely subsumed into the Ahom fold, though the Moran maintained their independent ethnicity. Sukaphaa established his capital at Charaideo near present-day Sivasagar in 1253 and began the task of state formation.
Ahomisation
The Ahoms believed that they were divinely ordained to bring fallow land under the plow with their techniques of wet-rice cultivation, and to adopt stateless shifting cultivators into their fold. They were also conscious of their numerical minority. As a result, the Ahom polity initially absorbed Naga, Borahi and Moran, and later large sections of the Chutia and the Dimasa-Kachari peoples. This process of Ahomisation went on until the mid-16th century, when the Ahom society itself came under the direct Hindu influence. That many indigenous peoples were ceremonially adopted into Ahom clans are recorded in the chronicles. Since the Ahoms married liberally outside their own exogamous clans and since their own traditional religion resembled the religious practices of the indigenous peoples along with Hindus, the assimilation under Ahomisation had a little impediment.
Localisation and Loss
In the 16th and 17th centuries, the small Ahom community expanded their rule dramatically toward the west and they successfully saw off challenges from Mughal and other invaders, gaining them recognition in world history. The rapid expansion resulted in the Ahom people becoming a small minority in their own kingdom, of which they kept control. Eventually, the Ahom court, as well as the Ahom peasants took to Ekasarana dharma, Shaktism and Saivism over the traditional Ahom religion; and adopted Assamese over the Ahom language for secular purposes.
The modern Ahom people and their culture are a syncretism of the original Tai and their culture and local Tibeto-Burman peoples and their cultures they absorbed in Assam. Some local ethnic groups, including the Tibeto-Burman speaking Borahi, were completely subsumed into the Ahom community while members of other communities, based on their allegiance to the Ahom kingdom or the use of their talents, were also accepted as Ahoms. Even though the Ahom made up a relatively small portion of the kingdom's population, they maintained their original Ahom language and practised their traditional religion till the 17th century, when the Ahom court, as well as the commoners, adopted the Assamese language, and Ekasarana dharma and Saktism religions.
The everyday usage of Ahom language ceased completely by early 19th-century. The loss of religions is also nearly complete, with only a few priestly families practising some aspects of it. While the written language (and ritualistic chants) survive in a vast number of written manuscripts, much of the spoken language is lost because the Ahom script does not mark tone and under-specifies vowel contrasts.
Revivalism
Though the first political organisation (All Assam Ahom Association) was created in 1893 it was in 1954 when Ahom connection to other Tai groups in Assam was formally established.
Society
Ban-Mong Social system
The traditional social system of Tai-Ahom people was known as Ban-Mong which was related to agriculture and based on irrigation. The Ban or Ban Na is a unit composed of families that settled by the side of the rivers. While many Bans together forms a Mong which refers state.
Ahom clans
Ahom clans, called phoids, formed socio-political entities. At the time of ingress into Assam, or soon thereafter, there were seven important clans, called Satghariya Ahoms (Ahoms of the Seven Houses). There were Su/Tsu (Tiger) clan to which the Chao-Pha (Sukaphaa) belonged; his two chief counselors Burhagohain (Chao-Phrung-Mung) and Borgohain (Chao-Thao-Mung); and three priestly clans: Bailung (Mo-plang), Deodhai (Mo-sham), Mohan (Mo-hang) and Siring. Soon the Satghariya group was expanded—four additional clans began to be associated with nobility: Dihingia, Sandikoi, Lahon and Duarah. In the 16th-century Suhungmung added another great counselor, the Borpatrogohain and a new clan was established. Over time sub-clans began appearing. Thus during the Suhungmung's reign, the Chao-Pha's clan were divided into seven sub-clans—Saringiya, Tipamiya, Dihingiya, Samuguriya, Tungkhungiya, Parvatiya, and Namrupiya. Similarly, Burhagohain clan were divided into eight, Borgohain sixteen, Deodhai twelve, Mohan seven, and Bailung and Siring eight each. The rest of the
Ahom gentry belonged to clans such as Chaodangs, Gharphalias, Likchows etc. In general, the secular aristocratic clans, the priestly class, and the gentry clans did not intermarry.
Some clans admitted people from other ethnic groups as well. For example, Miri-Sandikoi and Moran-Patar were Sandikoi and Patar from the Mising and Moran communities, while the founders of Chetias and Lahons were from the Chutia community. This was true even for the priestly clans: Naga-Bailung, Miri-Bailung and Nara-Bailung.
Literature
The Ahoms were literate with a writing system based on the Ahom script, which fell into disuse along with the language. The Ahom script evolved from an earlier script of the Tai Nuea language which developed further under the present Chinese Government. There exists today a large corpus of manuscripts in this script on history, society, astrology, rituals, etc. Ahom people used to write their chronicles known as Buranji. The priestly classes (Mo'sam, Mo'hung, Mo'Plong) are the custodians of these manuscripts.
Calendar
The Ahom people used to use a lunar calendar known as Lak-Ni Tao-Si-Nga with its origins in the middle kingdoms (Chung-Kuo). But is still in vogue in China and South-East Asian Tai people.
Culture
Housing
Like the rural Thai people of Thailand, the house rural Ahom families have been made of wood and bamboo, and two roofs are typically thatched. Families' orchards and ploughed fields are situated near their house. Houses are built in a scattered fashion within bamboo groves. At one time, the Ahom built their house on stilts called Rwan Huan about two meters above ground level.
Culinary traditions
Food is one of the important variables of the culture of Tai-Ahom. Most Ahoms, particularly in rural areas, are non-vegetarian, still maintaining a traditional cuisine similar to other Tai people. Rice is a staple food. Typical dishes are pork, chicken, duck, slices of beef, frogs, many kinds of fishes, hukoti maas (dry preserved fish mixture), muga lota (cocoon seeds of endi and muga worms), and eggs of red ants. Certain insects are also popular foods for the Ahoms. Luk-Lao or Nam-Lao (rice beer, undiluted or diluted) are traditional drinks. They consume "Khar" (a form of alkaline liquid extracted from the ashes of burned banana peels/bark), "Betgaaj" (tender cane shoots), and many other naturally grown herbs with medicinal properties. During Siva Singha's reign, the people abandoned the free usage of meat and drinks.
Ahom food specialties resemble Thai cuisine. Like the Thais, the Ahoms prefer boiled food that have little spices and directly burnt fish, meat and vegetables like brinjal, tomato, etc. Some of them are Thu–dam (black lentil), Khao–Moon (Rice Frumenty), Xandohguri (a powder made from dry roasted rice), ChewaKhao (steamed rice), Chunga Chaul (sticky rice cooked in tender bamboo tubes), Til pitha (sesame rice rolls prepared from sticky rice powder), and Khao-tyek (rice flakes). The process of preparation of this item was quite unknown to population other than the Ahoms and the Thais. Khao (unboiled soft rice prepared from a special variety of sticky rice with a unique technique), Tupula Khao (a kind of rice cooked and packed with a particular kind of plant leaf with good smell called 'tora pat' and preserved bamboo sauce are some of the favourite food items of the Ahoms, which are similar to their traditional diet.
Wedding
Cho Klong is the main marriage ritual among the twenty marriage rituals of Tai Ahom people. The name Cho Klong is derived from the Tai Ahom language [Cho=to combine, klong=ritual]. The ritual is described in an ancient Tai Ahom script Lai Lit nang Hoon Pha. 101 ban-phai-s (earthen lamps) or lights are lit. The bride offers the groom a heng-dan (sword) to protect her, their children, family, race and country. Sum of twenty rituals are performed in ahom wedding along with cho klong, including:
Ju-ron
Rik-Khwan
Aap-Tang [Aap=Bath, Tang=devine]
Chow Ban [worshipping sun]
Jon-ming [Blessing given by Moloung priests]
Religion
Most Ahoms today declare Hinduism as their religion, although there is an effort to revive the traditional Ahom religion. The Ahom religion started to decline during the days of Jayadhwaj Singha. Siva Singha made the Shaktism the state religion, Suremphaa Rajeswar Singha (1751–1769) ordered Sanskritisation. All funerals were to be practised under the Hindu cremation rites, conducted by a Maithil Brahmin priest and a traditional priest. Nevertheless, Me-Dam-Me-Phi is widely celebrated.
Language
The Ahoms today use the Assamese language after the traditional language, the Ahom language, fell into complete disuse. The Ahom language, a member of the Tai branch of the Kra–Dai languages is now dead, with its tone system completely lost. Nevertheless, it is being revived by some Tai Ahom organisations.
Starting in the late 20th and continuing into the early 21st century, there has been renewed interest among the Ahoms in their culture and language leading to increased study and attempts at revival. The 1901 census of India enumerated approximately 179,000 people identifying as Ahom. The latest available census records slightly over 2 million Ahom individuals, however, estimates of the total number of people descended from the original Tai-Ahom settlers are as high as eight million. The Ahom script also finds a place in the Unicode Consortium and the script declared the topmost in the South-East Asia category.
Ahom people today
Ahom people today are categorised in the other backward classes (OBC) caste category; there is longstanding discussion and demand for Scheduled Tribe status. The term "ethnic Assamese" is now associated by the Indian government with the various indigenous Assamese people. According to Anthony Van Nostrand Diller, possibly eight million speakers of Assamese can claim genetic descent from the Ahoms. However, historian Yasmin Saikia argues that in pre-colonial times, the Ahoms were not an ethnic community, but were a relatively open status group. Any community coming into the socio-economic fold of the Ahom state could claim the Ahom status with active consent of the king.
Notable people
Dip Gogoi
Tarun Gogoi
Ranjan Gogoi
Padmanath Gohain Baruah
Krishna Kanta Handique
Jatindra Nath Duwara
Hiren Gohain
Kushal Konwar
Gomdhar Konwar
Benudhar Rajkhowa
Nagen Saikia
Hiteswar Saikia
Laluksola Borphukan
Homen Borgohain
Lachit Borphukan
Jyoti Prasad Rajkhowa
Lila Gogoi
See also
Ahom Dynasty
Ahom history
All Tai Ahom Students Union
Assamese people
Tibeto-Burman and Tai peoples of Assam
Hengdang
Notes
References
Further reading
Phukon, G. (1998). State of Tai culture among the Ahoms. [Assam, India?]: G. Phukon.
External links
The Tai-Ahom connection by Yasmin Saikia in Gateway to the East, June 2005.
Polities mentioned in the Chinese Ming Shi-lu, several references are made to a Tai Ahom kingdom in this translation of an important Ming dynasty historical source
Assamese nationalism
Tai history
Tai peoples
Social groups of Assam
Ahom kingdom
Ethnic groups in Northeast India
Tribes of Assam
Ethnic groups in South Asia
Ethnic groups in India
Legal protection insurance (LPI), also known as legal expenses insurance (LEI) or simply legal insurance, is a particular class of insurance which facilitates access to law and justice by providing legal advice and covering the legal costs of a dispute, regardless of whether the case is brought by or against the policyholder. Depending on the national rules, legal protection insurers can also represent the policyholder out-of-court or even in-court.
History
Legal protection insurance has a 100-year history. The concept originated in 1911 when members of the 'Automobile Club de l'Ouest''' were offered several additional services among which protection in case of fines or for disputes in front of police courts. This basic legal protection was then extended to traffic accidents and gave rise to the first legal protection insurance policy in France offered by ‘La Défense Automobile et Sportive (DAS)' which was founded in 1917. ‘La Défense Automobile et Sportive (DAS)' offered legal services and coverage of expenses for legal prosecution to car drivers and athletes.
In 1928, a motoring club in Germany called the 'Deutsche Automobil Schutz' (D.A.S.) increased membership contributions to create a similar pool to pay for the defence of its members charged with traffic related offences. Members of the general public then enquired about joining the scheme. That is when the idea of an insurance available to the general public became firmly established. At present, D.A.S. Germany is still the largest legal protection insurer in the world, followed by ARAG, another German insurer. Legal protection insurance is today well established in Europe and has been developing beyond. The German market alone has 36% market share worldwide, followed by France with 12%. The European market represents more than 80% of the global legal protection insurance market.
Purpose and scope
Legal protection insurers cover the costs (e.g. legal fees and expenses of a lawyer) incurred in case of an unforeseen legal matter. These costs usually include lawyer and court fees, witness expenses, translation costs or expert fees. Depending on national law, legal protection insurers also provide legal services and represent policyholders out-of-court or in-court. The policyholder is usually protected for disputes in several areas of law such as contract, labour, consumer and family law (in rare cases including divorce). The premium is generally paid on an annual basis.
The extent of the cover depends on the type of contract and is defined in the policy terms and conditions. When the policy is sold as part of a home, motor or travel insurance package (i.e. add-on policy) it only covers disputes strictly linked to the purpose of the main cover (e.g. home related claims such as disputes with neighbours or car related disputes in case of a motor legal protection insurance). When legal protection insurance is purchased as a separate and independent insurance product (stand-alone cover) the range of services provided, the extent and scope of the cover are much larger. Sometimes legal protection insurance is offered as a benefit to members of a trade union or association.
In the European Union, precise rules govern legal protection insurance and explicitly define how insurers must organise their business and manage claims. These rules are included in the Solvency II Directive (Articles 198 - 205). Non-life insurance classes are listed in Annex II of the Solvency II Directive.
Legal protection insurance should not be confused with the coverage often included in a liability insurance. Liability coverage is designed to protect the policyholder against losses resulting from acts or omissions that are negligent and that result in damage to another person, his/her property or interests. Therefore, the main scope of third party liability insurance is to protect others from the consequences of the policyholder's wrong-doing. In other words, the third-party liability insurance reimburses the other party's damages which were caused by a negligent act of the insured. It does not intervene to protect the property and interests of the policyholder, except against being held liable for the other party's damages. It will also provide legal representation and pay the cost of defense of the policyholder if the policyholder is sued as a result of being involved in an accident because losing the liability claim would be detrimental for the liability insurer since he would have to bear the financial consequences. The liability insurer, however, does not assist the policyholder to seek justice as a plaintiff in case he suffered damage.
Different forms of legal protection insurance
Different forms of legal protection insurance exist and have developed depending on the national jurisdictions. Traditionally, legal protection insurance covers unforeseen events as Before-the-event insurance (BTE). The event in this case being the incident triggering the legal action. However, in some countries (e.g. Australia, Canada, and the UK), it is also possible to obtain cover after a legal dispute has been initiated which is described as After-the-event insurance (ATE). In the US market, legal protection and support is often granted via legal plans or pre-paid legal services which, most of the time, are not an insurance.
Before-the-event legal protection insurance
This form of insurance is the most widespread. It covers those wishing to protect themselves against possible future claims and it is purchased before the prospect of any legal dispute. It supports the policyholder either by providing legal advice or even by representing the policyholder in-court or out-of-court. It also covers the costs and expenses of legal proceedings.
After-the-event legal protection insurance
After-the-event or ATE policies insure legal actions relating to events that have already happened. This insurance covers an already existing dispute where, however, proceedings have not yet started or significant legal costs or disbursements have not been incurred. Should the case fail, ATE insurance protects the insured against the risk of having to pay own expenses and adverse costs. This type of cover is usually only available for disputes having high prospects of success where the insurer is likely to be able to recover his costs from the adverse party. It is available in Australia, Canada, and the UK.
In the UK, solicitors who take on, for example, personal injury cases on a "no win no fee" basis may require their clients, whether defendants or plaintiffs, to take out ATE insurance so that costs will be covered if the case is lost. The premium payments, especially in a no win no fee arrangement, may be deferred until the conclusion of the case; thus in most cases the premium itself is self-insured. This insurance is often offered by solicitors and claims management companies. The Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 (which came into force on 1 April 2013) introduced an important change regarding the recoverability of the premium: before the Act went into force the policyholder could recover the premium paid from the losing party whilst now the premium has to be paid by the client out of any damages received.
By jurisdiction
Overview
The European market for legal insurance is well-developed, with Germany, France and the Netherlands, representing respectively 43%, 14%, and 8% of the market. Legal protection insurance has become more common outside of Europe, including in Canada, Japan, South Africa and USA. It is also emerging in Australia, Chile, China, New Zealand and South Korea.
European Union and members
According to a survey commissioned by RIAD and conducted by Ipsos in August 2017 in Germany, France, Ireland, and the Netherlands, over a quarter of respondents had had a legal dispute in the previous 5 years. The replies showed that in all 4 countries people are mainly concerned about the costs of a dispute, this is particularly true in Ireland (50% of respondents) where fees for lawyers are extremely high. In comparison to the other countries, Dutch citizens are particularly wary of wasting time and energy (33%) while Germans tend to be concerned about being deprived of their rights (27% compared to 18% in Ireland and only 10% and 8% in France and the Netherlands). This is further complicated by the freedom of member states to regulate differently from the EU in some matters, for example necessitating insurance for individual farms which grow genetically engineered crops and intend to sell them to other EU member states.
Canada
The Canadian market has been growing rapidly and several companies (some native, some US-based) offer legal protection insurance. In 2016 legal protection insurance gross written premium was around 56 million Canadian dollars; compared to the previous year almost double. In order to promote further access to justice, in 2013, the Canadian Bar Association partnered with DAS Canada, a Canadian licensed specialist legal protection insurance company. In Québec, legal protection insurance is both endorsed and promoted by Québec's law society (bar association), Le Barreau du Québec''.
Japan
The Japanese market had a gross written premium of around 600 million euros in 2016, which makes of Japan the fifth biggest market after Germany, France, USA and the Netherlands. In 2016, legal protection cover added-on to motor insurance represented 90% of the market share; this is due to the fact that stand-alone insurance has only been introduced in the last decade.
Netherlands
According to a survey commissioned in 2016 by the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice, lawyers who provided services through legal protection insurers scored highest in regard of the perceived quality of services as well as on the basis of a peer review.
South Africa
In South Africa, legal insurance is primarily sold directly to consumers without no intermediaries. Legal insurers resolve approximately eighty percent of cases through in-house legal counselors.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, legal protection insurance is primarily marketed directly to the end user without an intermediary. The focus is on preventive dispute resolution via in-house lawyers. 80% of issues are resolved in-house. In its report of November 2017‘The Law and Practicalities of Before-The-Event (BTE) Insurance – An Information Study' the UK Civil Justice Council concludes that legal protection insurance offers many people access to significant legal assistance. To this end, LPI's legal helplines are filling a real gap in the marketplace and in this regard insurers considerably improve access to justice in the current landscape. The report also sees a general lack of awareness among consumers about the existence of a legal protection cover as such as well as about the scope of the coverage. The report underlines that all stakeholders (lawyers, brokers, insurers, the Law Society, and the advice sector) can actively contribute to improving the awareness of legal protection insurance. With this the report confirms prior findings of two previous reports (Thematic Review of the UK's Motor Legal Expenses Insurance industry by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of 2013, Report of the UK Ministry of Justice published in October 2007). The FCA saw that many consumers were not able to distinguish between the cover of motor insurance (protection against liability for third-party damages) and motor legal protection insurance (pursuit of claims to recover uninsured losses and protection against criminal prosecution). The 2007 report of the Ministry of Justice comes to the result that, although 59% of the UK population have some form of legal protection insurance (whether they knew it or not), fewer than one in four consumers had ever heard of BTE nor of ATE insurance. The Ministry's research estimated that 28 million British adults have actually BTE insurance, mostly as an add-on to another insurance policy.
In May 2012, District Judge Smedley, sitting as a Regional Costs Judge, considered eight test cases, the "Liverpool ATE Premium Test Cases", in which ATE insurance premiums had been taken out by the claimants, in order to look at
United States
Pre-paid legal services are relatively new in the United States. There are a variety of online legal services that offer legal plans which usually cover specific events like drafting a contract or a will, while legal protection insurance covers unforeseen events (e.g. employment or consumer disputes). Legal plans rely mainly on bulk savings (for instance mass purchasing of legal services or in-house counsel for a specified group of people, such as trade union members) rather than on insurance principles, i.e. they do not include guarantees like insurance but provide cover only until the accumulated funds are used up. Legal plans are offered by trade unions as a free benefit of union membership or they are set up by groups of people having a common interest, like university students.
References
Types of insurance
Legal costs
Ashi Kesang Choden (born 21 May 1930) is the Queen Grandmother of Bhutan. She participates in royal duties of her own accord. She is the only queen grandmother in the world. In Bhutan she is called The Royal Grandmother.
Education
She was educated at the St Joseph's Convent, Kalimpong, India, as well as the House of Citizenship, London.
In her reminiscence, the Queen notes:
Marriage and family
She married to Crown Prince of Bhutan (Druk Gyalsey), Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, at the Ugyen Pelri Thang Palace, Paro, on 5 October 1951.
She became Queen consort of Bhutan in 1952 when her husband, King Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, ascended to the throne upon the death of his father. In 1953 she was expecting her first child, a daughter. Her first daughter arrived earlier than she expected as she was waiting for a Western doctor and her mother to travel to Thimphu to help with the delivery. The previous Queen, Ashi Phuntsho Choden, her maid, and the Bhutanese doctor Phenchun helped to deliver her daughter.
Her children with the Third Druk Gyalpo were:
Princess (Druk Gyalsem) Sonam Choden Wangchuck (born 1953).
Princess (Druk Gyalsem) Dechen Wangmo Wangchuck (born 1954).
King (Druk Gyalpo) Jigme Singye Wangchuck (born 1955).
Princess (Druk Gyalsem) Pema Lhaden Wangchuck (born 1959).
Princess (Druk Gyalsem) Kesang Wangmo Wangchuck (born 1961).
Royal duties
In 1972, she was appointed regent when her husband was ill. She has also been a patron of annual prayers conducted for the well-being and security of the King, country, and the people. She provides subsistence allowance to about 200 monks and tshampas (lay monks) in various monasteries in Bumthang, Dokar Phurdrub Gompa and Euto Gompa in Paro, Nyala Gompa in Trongsa and Jangsa Gompa in Kalimpong, India. She also has a keen interest in preserving the unique art, architecture and cultural heritage of Bhutan and in promoting research and scholarship on the kingdom. She often visits religious places in Bhutan and India.
In commemoration of the Royal Grandmother's 87th birth anniversary, a book titled "The Heart of a Sacred Kingdom, Her Majesty the Royal Grandmother Ashi Kesang Choden Wangchuck: A Lifetime of Service to the People and Kingdom of Bhutan" was published on Sunday 21 May 2017.
Ancestry
References
Notes
1930 births
Living people
Bhutanese monarchy
Dorji family
Wangchuck dynasty
The Ranger Creed is the official creed of the United States Army Rangers. The Ranger Creed was written in 1974 by CSM Neal R. Gentry, the original command sergeant major of the reactivated 1st Ranger Battalion. It was initiated by the Battalion Commander, then-LTC Kenneth C. Leuer, and re-drafted by the battalion XO, MAJ "Rock" Hudson and finalized at Fort Stewart, Georgia in 1974 when the original cadre deployed there on 1 July 1974. Today, members of Ranger community recite the Ranger Creed during formations, ceremonies, physical training activities and upon graduations from the Ranger Indoctrination Program, the Ranger Orientation Program and the U.S. Army Ranger Course.
Ranger Handbook version
Variations
The very first draft by CSM Neal R. Gentry used the phrasing "of the Ranger Battalion." Eventually, after some revisions on the overall creed, they settled on "of my Ranger Battalion." The Ranger School cadre later adopted the phrasing "of the Rangers" as seen in the Ranger Creed above. After the formation of the 75th Ranger Regiment, members of all battalions adopted the wording, "of my Ranger Regiment", and this version remains in use throughout the regiment.
See also
Soldier's Creed
Sailor's Creed
Airman's Creed
Code of the U.S. Fighting Force
Creed of the United States Coast Guardsman
Rifleman's Creed
Noncommissioned officer's Creed
References
United States Army Rangers
1974 documents
Warrior code
Gabby is a given name, usually a short form of Gabriel or Gabrielle or Gabriella.
Gabby or Gabbie may refer to:
People with the name
Gabby Chaves (born 1993), Colombian-American racing driver
Guy Gabaldon (also "Gabby"; 1926–2006), United States Marine
Gabby Gabreski (1919–2002), Polish-American career pilot in the United States Air Force
Gabby Giffords (born 1970), American politician and gun control advocate
Gabby Levy, Israeli diplomat
Eugenio Lopez III (also "Gabby"; born 1952), Filipino-American businessman
Mark López (Filipino executive) (also "Gabby"; born 1972), chairman of ABS-CBN Corporation
Gabby Nsiah Nketiah (born 1943), Ghanaian businessman and politician
Gabby O'Connor (born 1974), Australian installation artist
Gabby Petito (1999–2021), American crime victim
Gabby Price (born 1949), American-football coach
Gabby Revilla (born 1982), film producer
Gabby Rivera, American writer and storyteller
Gabby Westbrook-Patrick (born 1996), New Zealand-born Australian model
Actors
Gabby Concepcion (born 1964), Filipino actor and businessman
Gabby Eigenmann (born 1978), Filipino actor, singer, host and model
George "Gabby" Hayes (1885–1969), American actor
Gabby Millgate, Australian actress, writer and comedian
Gabourey Sidibe (also "Gabby"; born 1983), American actress and author
Gabby West (born 1985), American actress
Athletes
Gabby Adcock (born 1990), English badminton player
Gabrielle Andrews (also "Gabby"; born 1996), American professional tennis player
Gabby DeLoof (born 1996), American swimmer
Gabby Espinas (born 1982), Filipino professional basketball player
Gabriel Lees (also "Gabby"; born 1990), French-born British ski mountaineer
Gabby Mayo (born 1989), American sprinter
Gabby O'Sullivan (born 1994), Australian rules footballer and basketball player
Gabrielle Reece (also "Gabby"; born 1970), American professional volleyball player, sports announcer, fashion model and actress
Gabrielle Sinclair (also "Gabby"; born 1993), Australian netball player
Gabby Sullivan (born 1998), New Zealand cricketer
Gabby Sutcliffe (born 2002), Australian cricketer
Gabby Thomas (born 1996), American sprinter
Gabby Traxler (born 1998), Canadian professional racing cyclist
Gabby Williams (born 1996), American-French professional basketball player
Baseball players
Gabby Hartnett (1900–1972), American professional baseball player and manager
Gabby Kemp (1919–1993), American Negro league second baseman and manager
Gabby Street (1882–1951), American catcher, manager, coach, and radio broadcaster in Major League Baseball
Footballers
Gabriel Agbonlahor (also "Gabby"; born 1986), English former professional footballer
Gabby Collingwood (born 1999), Australian rules footballer
Gabrielle George (also "Gabby"; born 1997), English women's footballer
Gabby McGill (born 2000), English footballer
Gabby Newton (born 2001), Australian rules footballer
Gabby Seiler (born 1994), American professional soccer player
Gabby Seymour (born 1996), Australian rules footballer
Gabriela Villagrand (also "Gabby"; born 1999), American-born Panamanian footballer
Gymnasts
Gabby Douglas (born 1995), American artistic gymnast
Gabrielle Jupp (also "Gabby"; born 1997), British artistic gymnast
Gabby Logan (born 1973), British presenter and a former international rhythmic gymnast
Gabby May (born 1993), Canadian artistic gymnast
Gabby Perea (born 2002), American artistic gymnast
Musicians
Gabby Abularach, American musician
Gabby Alipe, vocalist and guitarist with the Filipino rock band Urbandub
Gabby Barrett (born 2000), American country music singer and songwriter
Gabby La La (born 1979), vocalist and multi-instrumentalist
Mighty Gabby (born 1948), Barbadian calypsonian and folk singer
Gabby Glaser, musician with the alternative rock/rap-rock group Luscious Jackson
Gabby Pahinui (1921–1980), slack-key guitarist and singer of Hawaiian music
Fictional characters
Gabby, fictional character from the American computer-animated series Pet Alien
Gabby Gabby, fictional character from Disney/Pixar's Toy Story franchise
Gabby Gator, an animated cartoon character who appeared in several cartoons produced by Walter Lantz
Gabby Goat, an animated cartoon character in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes series of cartoons
Gabby Johnson, fictional character from the American satirical Western black comedy film Blazing Saddles
Gabby Johnson, fictional character from the British soap opera Family Affairs
Gabby Kinney, fictional character from the 2015 Marvel Comics series All-New Wolverine
Gabby Sharpe, fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks
Gabby Thomas, fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale
Uncle Gabby, protagonist of the Sock Monkey series of comics and illustrated books
See also
Gaby (disambiguation)
Unisex given names
English unisex given names
Lists of people by nickname
Hypocorisms
is a railway station located in the city of Tōkamachi, Niigata, operated jointly by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and the third sector Hokuetsu Express.
Lines
Tōkamachi Station is a station on the Iiyama Line, and is located 75.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at . It is also a station for the Hokuhoku Line and is located 15.9 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Muikamachi Station.
Station layout
The JR portion of the station has a single side platform and island platforms serving three ground-level tracks connected by a footbridge. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office. The Hokuetsu Express portion of the station has a single elevated island platform serving two tracks.
JR East
Hokuetsu Express
History
Tōkamachi Station opened on 15 November 1927. Following the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 505 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Tōkamachi City Hospital
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East Tōkamachi Station
Hokuetsu Express Tōkamachi Station
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Iiyama Line
Stations of Hokuetsu Express
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Tōkamachi, Niigata
GoTo, formerly LogMeIn Inc., is a flexible-work provider of software as a service (SaaS) and cloud-based remote work tools for collaboration and IT management, with products including GoTo Connect, GoTo Resolve, Rescue, Central, and more, built for small and midsized business IT departments but powerful enough for the enterprise. The company was founded in 2003 and based in Boston, Massachusetts, and rebranded from LogMeIn to GoTo on February 2, 2022. The rebranding to GoTo comes with a simplified product portfolio to a single application and two flagship products: the IT management & support product, GoTo Resolve, and a new experience for the unified-communications-as-a-service (UCaaS) product, GoTo Connect. These products are unified by a single application, administrative system, and converging user experience.
The rebranding to GoTo announced the launch of a single application with two flagship products: GoTo Resolve for IT management and GoTo Connect for a collaboration application.
On October 9, 2015, LogMeIn acquired LastPass for $110 million. On December 14, 2021, the company announced that LastPass would spin off into its own cloud-based security company.
In February 2017, LogMeIn completed a merger with GetGo, the corporate spin-off of the GoTo product line from Citrix Systems.
On December 17, 2019, LogMeIn announced an agreement to be sold for $4.3 billion to Francisco Partners and Evergreen Coast Capital Corp., which is a private equity affiliate of Elliott Management Corporation. The deal closed on August 31, 2020.
History
LogMeIn was founded in 2003 in Budapest as 3am Labs, and changed its name in 2006.
3am Labs acquired the Hamachi VPN product.
LogMeIn, Inc., completed an initial public offering in 2009. Trading of LogMeIn, Inc., shares on the NASDAQ Global Market commenced on July 1, 2009.
In 2011, the company began a move into cloud services for the Internet of things by acquiring Pachube, which would later become the Xively service. In May 2014, it added to this initiative by acquiring Ionia Corp., which specializes in integrating connected objects.
LogMeIn, Inc., acquired Bold Software, LLC, in 2012.
The company abruptly discontinued LogMeIn Free on January 21, 2014, giving users only a seven-day grace period to migrate to LogMeIn Pro.
LogMeIn acquired Meldium for $15 Million in September 2014 and retired the Meldium product offering in July 2017.
In July 2016, LogMeIn announced in a merger with Citrix's GoTo products using a Reverse Morris Trust.
In February 2018, the company announced the sale of Xively to Google for $50 million. Also in February 2018, the company announced the acquisition of Jive Communications for $342 million.
On August 31, 2020, Elliott Management Corporation, by its affiliate Francisco Partners, completed its acquisition of LogMeIn, and LogMeIn's stock delisted from NASDAQ.
On February 2, 2022, LogMeIn was rebranded as GoTo, restoring the original brand that ExpertCity created in 1998, before Citrix Systems acquired it in 2004.
Products
The company's products are focused on three business areas, including Unified Communications & Collaboration services, Identity & Access Management services, and Customer engagement & support services. The products include:
GoTo UCC Products
GoTo Connect
GoTo Meeting
GoTo Webinar
GoTo Training
GoTo Contact Center
GoTo Room
Grasshopper
join.me
Remote Support
Rescue – remote support (help desk) web application used by large contact centers and help desks for diagnosing and troubleshooting computers, smartphones and tablets.
Rescue Live Lens
Rescue Live Guide
GoTo Resolve
GoToMyPC
Pro – subscription-based remote access and administration software
Central – web application focused on IT management for remotely managing PCs and servers running on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems
Hamachi – network virtualization and VPN service
LogMeIn Backup – remote backup software
RemotelyAnywhere – remote access and administration software
See also
Comparison of remote desktop software
References
External links
2003 establishments in Massachusetts
2009 initial public offerings
2020 mergers and acquisitions
American companies established in 2003
Companies based in Boston
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
Private equity portfolio companies
Remote administration software
Remote desktop
Software companies based in Massachusetts
Software companies established in 2003
Software companies of the United States
John A. Fraser (November 6, 1840 – May 4, 1908) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 and from 1886 to 1894 as a Liberal member.
He was born on Boularderie Island, Nova Scotia, the only surviving son of the Reverend James Fraser, a missionary for the Church of Scotland. Fraser was educated in Halifax. He was postmaster for Big Bras D'Or and served as a member of the municipal council. In 1865, he married Frances Helen Plant. Fraser did not run for reelection in 1878 and 1882.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion, 1889, AJ Gemmill
1840 births
1908 deaths
Nova Scotia Liberal Party MLAs
The 2016 FIBA 3x3 Under-18 World Championship was an international 3x3 basketball event hosted in Kazakhstan. It featured separate competitions for men's and women's under-18 national teams. The tournament was held in Astana in front of the Astana Opera. It was co-organized by the FIBA.
Participating teams
The FIBA 3x3 Federation Ranking was used as basis to determine the participating FIBA member associations. The winners of both the men's and women's tournaments of the 2014 edition, New Zealand and France respectively automatically qualifies.
Men
Women
References
2016
2016 in 3x3 basketball
2015–16 in Kazakhstani basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Kazakhstan
Sport in Astana
Papilio fernandus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Equatorial Guinea.
Taxonomy
It is a member of the zenobia species group. In the zenobia group the basic upperside wing pattern is black with white or yellowish bands and spots. The underside is brown and basally there is a red area marked with black stripes and spots. In the discal area there is a yellowish band with black stripes and veins. Females resemble Amauris butterflies. Both sexes lack tails.
The clade members are:
Papilio cyproeofila Butler, 1868
Papilio fernandus Fruhstorfer, 1903
Papilio filaprae Suffert, 1904
Papilio gallienus Distant, 1879
Papilio mechowi Dewitz, 1881
Papilio mechowianus Dewitz, 1885
Papilio nobicea Suffert, 1904
Papilio zenobia Fabricius, 1775
Description
It is very similar to Papilio cyproeofila and the very short description of P. fernandus places it as a local race of P. cyproeofila.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Fruhstorfer, 1903 Papilio cypraeafila [sic] fernandus nov. subspec Fruhstorfer, 1903 Stettin ent. Ztg 64 (2) : 360
External links
Images at Swallowtails
Global Butterfly Information System Images (as subgenus Druryia)
fernandus
Butterflies described in 1903
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Hans Fruhstorfer
Munich-Westkreuz (literally "Munich West Cross") is a railway station in the Pasing district of Munich. It is served by the S-Bahn lines and .
The station is located at the junction of the Munich–Garmisch-Partenkirchen and Munich–Herrsching railways.
References
Westkreuz
Westkreuz
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1970
DRR may refer to:
Deficit round robin
Digitally Reconstructed Radiograph; see also Beam's eye view
Disaster Response Route, emergency response road network in British Columbia, Canada
Disaster Risk Reduction
Disneyland Railroad, steam railroad attraction in Anaheim, California
Directorate of Rice Research
Dolly Rockit Rollers, roller derby league from Leicestershire, England
Domain-Range ratio, abstract term in computer science
See also
DRRS (disambiguation)
1994–95 Belarusian First League was the fourth season of 2nd level football championship in Belarus. It started in July 1994 and ended in June 1995.
Team changes from 1993–94 season
Winners of 1993–94 First League (Obuvshchik Lida) were promoted to Belarusian Premier League. They were replaced by the last placed team of 1993–94 Premier League (Stroitel Starye Dorogi).
Smena Minsk, who finished 15th, relegated to the Second League. They were replaced by two best teams of 1993–94 Second League (Kardan-Flyers Grodno and Ataka-Aura Minsk). The number of participating teams thus was restored to 16.
Before the start of the season Selmash Mogilev were renamed to Transmash Mogilev. During the winter break, Polesye Mozyr changed their name to MPKC Mozyr and KIM-2 Vitebsk changed their name to Kimovets Vitebsk.
Overview
MPKC Mozyr won the tournament and were promoted to the Premier League, as were runners-up Ataka-Aura Minsk. ZLiN Gomel, AFViS-RShVSM Minsk and Stroitel Vitebsk, who finished 14th, 15th and 16th respectively, relegated to the Second League. Santanas Samokhvalovichi, who finished 8th, withdrew to the amateur level after the season due to financial troubles.
Teams and locations
League table
Top goalscorers
See also
1994–95 Belarusian Premier League
1994–95 Belarusian Cup
External links
RSSSF
Belarusian First League seasons
2
2
Belarus
Charles du Fresne, sieur du Cange (; December 18, 1610 in Amiens – October 23, 1688 in Paris, aged 77), also known simply as Charles Dufresne, was a distinguished French philologist and historian of the Middle Ages and Byzantium.
Life
Educated by Jesuits, du Cange studied law and practiced for several years before assuming the office of Treasurer of France. Du Cange was a busy, energetic man who pursued historical scholarship alongside his demanding official duties and his role as head of a large family.
Du Cange's most important work is his Glossarium ad scriptores mediae et infimae Latinitatis (Glossary of writers in medieval and late Latin, Paris, 1678, 3 vol.), revised and expanded under various titles, for example, Glossarium manuale ad scriptores mediae et infimae Latinitatis (Halae, 1772–1784) or from 1840 onward, Glossarium mediae et infimae Latinitatis (Glossary of medieval and late Latin). This work, together with a glossary of medieval and late Greek that he published ten years later, has gone through numerous editions and revisions and is still consulted frequently by scholars today. Du Cange's pioneering work distinguished medieval Latin and Greek from their earlier classical forms, marking the beginning of the study of the historical development of languages.
Du Cange mastered languages in order to pursue his main scholarly interests, medieval and Byzantine history. He corresponded voluminously with his fellow scholars. His great historical and linguistic knowledge was complemented by equally deep learning in archaeology, geography and law. In addition to his glossaries, he produced important new editions of Byzantine historians and a number of other works. His extensive history of Illyria was not published until 1746 by Joseph Keglevich, who partially corrected it.
Du Cange is one of the historians Edward Gibbon cites most frequently in his Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. In one footnote he calls du Cange "our sure and indefatigable guide in the Middle Ages and Byzantine history."
Works
Du Cange, et al., Glossarium mediae et infimae Latinitatis, Niort: L. Favre, 1883–1887 (10 vols.). searchable full-text online edition, by the École nationale des chartes
Glossarium mediae et infimae Latinitatis images online on the French National Library's website
Glossarium mediae et infimae Latinitatis 7-volume (1840-1850) on the Stanford University Library website
Glossarium ad scriptores mediae et infimae Graecitatis, Lugduni: Apud Anissonios, 1688 (2 vols.). Glossarium ad scriptores mediae et infimae Graecitatis from the Digital Library of Modern Greek Studies "Anemi", University of Crete, Greece
Les Familles d'Outremer at the Internet Archive
Notes
Further reading
1610 births
1688 deaths
17th-century French historians
17th-century Latin-language writers
French lexicographers
Historians of the Crusades
French Byzantinists
French male non-fiction writers
17th-century French male writers
The 2016 Continental Beach Soccer Tournament was a beach soccer tournament which took place in Ordos, China on 23–25 August 2016. This was the first time an international tournament was being held in Northern China. All matches were played at the Ordos. Iran won the tournament.
Participating teams
The following 8 teams entered the tournament.
(hosts)
References
2016 in beach soccer
Standard Oil was an integrated oil producing, transporting, refining, and marketing company established in 1870 and split into multiple companies in 1911. Various buildings bear the Standard Oil name and multiple individual stations with this branding are historically notable:
Standard Oil Gasoline Station may refer to:
Standard Oil Gasoline Station (Odell, Illinois), a historic gas station in Odell, Illinois, that lies along historic U.S. Route 66
Standard Oil Gasoline Station (Plainfield, Illinois), a historic building once used as a gas station in Plainfield, Illinois
Standard Oil Company Filling Station in Bowling Green, Kentucky
Standard Oil Service Station in Plant City, Florida
Standard Oil Gasoline Station (Rochelle, Illinois)
Johan Zoffany (1733–1810) was a German neoclassical painter, active mainly in England, Italy and India.
Zoffany may also refer to:
Zoffany (American horse) (1980–1998), an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse, active in the US and UK
Zoffany (Irish-bred horse) (2008–2021), an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire
Polyspilota griffinii, common name Griffin mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Cameroon that grows to about 5 inches in length.
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantidae
Insects of Cameroon
Insects described in 1911
The Cambridge English Corpus (CEC) (formerly the Cambridge International Corpus, CIC), is a multi-billion word corpus of English language (containing both text corpus and spoken corpus data). The Cambridge English Corpus contains data from a number of sources including written and spoken, British and American English. The CEC also contains the Cambridge Learner Corpus, a 40m word corpus made up from English exam responses written by English language learners.
The Cambridge English Corpus is used to inform Cambridge University Press English Language Teaching publications as well as for research in corpus linguistics. Access is currently restricted to authors and researchers working on projects and publications for Cambridge University Press, and researchers at Cambridge English Language Assessment.
Written Data
The Cambridge English Corpus contains instances of modern written English, taken from newspapers, magazines, novels, letters, emails, textbooks, websites, and many other sources.
Spoken Data
The Cambridge English Corpus contains a wide variety of spoken English language, taken from many sources, including everyday conversations, telephone calls, radio broadcasts, presentations, speeches, meetings, TV programmes and lectures.
Cambridge Learner Corpus
The Cambridge Learner Corpus (CLC) is a collection of exam scripts written by students learning English, built in collaboration with Cambridge English Language Assessment. The CLC contains scripts from over 180,000 students, from around 200 countries, speaking 138 different first languages and is growing all the time. The exams currently included are:
KET Key English Test (and KET for schools)
PET Preliminary English Test (and PET for schools)
FCE First Certificate in English
CAE Certificate in Advanced English
CPE Certificate of Proficiency in English
BEC Business English Certificate (all levels)
IELTS International English Language Testing System (academic and general training)
CELS Certificates in English Language Skills
ILEC International Legal English Certificate
ICFE International Certificate in Financial English
Skills for Life
A unique feature of the Cambridge Learner Corpus is its error coding system. Language specialists identify and annotate errors in the exam scripts. This means that the Corpus can be used to find out about the frequency of different types of errors, the contexts that the errors are made in and the student groups that find particular language areas difficult.
Authors of Cambridge English Language Teaching resources can use this information to target common errors – for example, the Cambridge Advanced Learner's Dictionary contains ‘Common mistake' features which highlight frequent learner errors.
Conversely, the error coding system also reveals what students can achieve at each level. This is central to the work of English Profile, a collaborative programme to enhance the learning, teaching and assessment of English worldwide. The founding partners are Cambridge University Press, Cambridge English Language Assessment, the University of Cambridge, the University of Bedfordshire, the British Council and English UK. The project's aim is to describe what learners know and can do in English at each level of the Common European Framework of Reference (CEFR).
Specialized corpora
The Cambridge English Corpus contains a number of specialized corpora:
Cambridge Business English Corpus
The Cambridge Business English Corpus is a large collection of British and American business language, including reports and documents, books relating to different aspects of business, and the business sections from many national newspapers.
The Cambridge Business English Corpus also includes the Cambridge and Nottingham Spoken Business English Corpus (CANBEC), the result of a joint project between Cambridge University Press and the University of Nottingham. This is a collection of recordings of English from companies of all sizes, ranging from big multinational companies to small partnerships. It contains formal and informal meetings, presentations, telephone conversations, lunchtime conversations, and spoken language from other business situations.
Cambridge Legal English Corpus
The Cambridge Legal English Corpus contains books, journals and newspaper articles relating to the law and legal processes.
Cambridge Financial English Corpus
The Cambridge Financial English Corpus contains texts relating to economics and finance, including leading financial magazines and newspapers.
Cambridge Academic English Corpus
The Cambridge Academic English Corpus contains written and spoken academic language at undergraduate and post-graduate level from a range of US and UK institutions, including lectures, seminars, student presentations, journals, essays and text books.
CANCODE
The Cambridge and Nottingham Corpus of Discourse in English (CANCODE) is a collection of spoken English recorded at hundreds of locations across the British Isles in a wide variety of situations (e.g. casual conversation, socialising, finding out information, and discussions). The CANCODE corpus is the result of a joint project between Cambridge University Press and the University of Nottingham.
There are about five million words in the CANCODE corpus, and it's a very rich resource for researchers of spoken English. However, the data does have some limitations. Most people knew they were being recorded, and are chatting in informal situations such as while relaxing at home, with others of fairly equal social status. This means the interactions are generally consensual and collaborative, so the corpus has minimal evidence of conflict or adversarial exchanges
Cambridge-Cornell Corpus of Spoken North American English
The Cambridge University Press/Cornell Corpus is a large collection of informal, highly interactive, multiparty conversations between family/friends in North America. The Cambridge-Cornell corpus is the result of a joint project between Cambridge University Press and Cornell University.
CAMSNAE
The Cambridge Corpus of Spoken North American English (CAMSNAE) is a large collection of spoken American English. It includes recordings of people going about their everyday life – at work, at home with their families, going shopping, having meals, etc.
See also
Cambridge English Language Assessment
Corpus linguistics
English Profile
References
External links
cambridge.org/corpus
English corpora
Linguistics
Dialectology
Applied linguistics
Linguistic research
Phonetics works
Corpora
Josef Horejs (born 13 February 1898, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. He played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1922 to 1924.
References
External links
1898 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Ben Seymour (born 1 September 1990) is an Australian rugby union footballer. His usual playing position is as a fly-half. He currently represents the Western Force in Super Rugby. He made his debut for the franchise in Round 2 of the 2012 Super Rugby season against the Reds in Brisbane.
External links
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1990 births
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
Western Force players
SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne players
Northland rugby union players
Rugby union players from Napier, New Zealand
The opal-rumped tanager (Tangara velia) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in the Amazon and Atlantic Forest of South America. The population of the Atlantic Forest has a far paler chest than the other populations, and has often been considered a separate species as the silvery-breasted tanager (Tangara cyanomelas). Today most authorities treat it as a subspecies of the opal-rumped tanager.
Taxonomy
In 1743 the English naturalist George Edwards included an illustration and a description of the opal-rumped tanager in his A Natural History of Uncommon Birds. He used the English name "Red-belly'd Blue-bird" ". Edwards based his hand-coloured etching on a specimen owned by the Duke of Richmond that had been collected in Suriname. When in 1758 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the tenth edition, he placed the opal-rumped tanager with the wagtails in the genus Motacilla. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Motacilla velia and cited Edwards' work. Linnaeus provided no explanation for the specific epithet; it is perhaps a misprint for the Ancient Greek elea, a small bird mentioned by Aristotle. The bay-headed tanager is now placed in the genus Tangara that was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760. The type locality is Suriname.
Four subspecies are recognised:
T. v. velia (Linnaeus, 1758) – the Guianas and north Brazil
T. v. iridina (Hartlaub, 1841) – west Amazonia
T. v. signata (Hellmayr, 1905) – northeast Brazil
T. v. cyanomelas (Wied-Neuwied, 1830) – east Brazil
References
Assis, Seixas, Raposo, & Kirwan (2008). Taxonomic status of Tangara cyanomelaena (Wied, 1830), an east Brazilian atlantic forest endemic. Revista Brasileira de Ornitologia 16(3): 232–239.
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of Venezuela
Tangara (genus)
Birds described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Illinois Chamber of Commerce, or The Illinois State Chamber of Commerce, is a state lobbying group representing the interests of many businesses across the state of Illinois. It is not a government agency, but a non-profit membership business advocacy organization.
The Chamber is staffed with policy experts, lobbyists and business advocates. Politically, the Chamber is generally considered to be a conservative organization, but is non-partisan and works across party lines to work in the interest of the entire Illinois business community. The Chamber is one of the largest broad-based business lobbying groups in Illinois.
History
On May 27, 1919, 24 business leaders assembled in Quincy, Illinois from various locations throughout the state to deal with the issue of "too much government in business" and to "promote and protect the business climate in Illinois". On August 2, 1919, the Illinois Chamber was officially charters by the Secretary of State's office, with its charter membership seeking to promote and develop Illinois, foster its abundance of natural resources, and improve its conditions so the greatest possible benefit and enjoyment could be derived by living in Illinois. At first, the Illinois Chamber and its membership pledged to "refrain from any political involvement", however it was apparent that to move Illinois' business climate forward, it would need to provide legislative information on a regular basis to its members and in 1923, an office in Springfield was opened for that very purpose. In the early years, the Illinois Chamber was a driving force behind the formation of the Illinois State Police and establishing an appointed State Board of Education.
Today, the Illinois Chamber of Commerce still has a mission to "aggressively advocate the interests of business and promote prosperity and opportunity for the citizens of Illinois” and "be the unifying voice for business in Illinois and advance the Chamber's position as a credible, highly regarded and effective public policy advocate.” The Illinois Chamber serves businesses large and small and works with state government leaders to educate and influence lawmakers on ways to enhance the states economy through enacting pro-business legislation.
The Illinois Chamber has hosted many political leaders in the past, including President George W. Bush in 2008 when he addressed Illinois Chamber members and the world about the state of the economy.
The Illinois Chamber serves all business and employers in these towns, villages, cities and counties.
Functions
Membership
Membership is the driving force behind the Illinois Chamber's operation, working with employers across the state to develop a pro-business agenda.
Political Action Committee
Created in 1975, Chamber PAC is one of the oldest business political action committees in Illinois.
Foundation
The main purpose of the Illinois Chamber of Commerce Foundation is to raise and expend funds for the purposes of financing and sponsoring, publishing, promoting and distributing research on issues important to businesses or issues and analyses of the Illinois economy and business climate; providing educational forums that facilitate the discussion and debate of policy or operational matters that impact businesses generally, business segments of the Illinois economy, or the Illinois business climate; and with other organizations, sponsor activities and research projects that are consistent with the stated purposes above.
Legislative Activity
Workers' Compensation
The Illinois Chamber took the lead in the last 8 years to enact legislation to reform the workers' compensation system on behalf of employers across Illinois.
References
Chambers of commerce in the United States
Organizations established in 1919
1919 establishments in Illinois
Franz Lichtblau (23 February 1928 – 25 November 2019) was a German architect.
Lichtblau studied after his Abitur 1946 and after an apprenticeship as a carpenter with Egon Eiermann at the Technical University of Karlsruhe as well as with Robert Vorhoelzer, Martin Elsaesser, Hermann Leitenstorfer and Hans Döllgast at the Technical University of Munich.
In 1956 he took part in a competition for the Protestant Church in Oberaudorf am Inn, which he won. Subsequently, he established a number of Protestant churches in Upper Bavaria and from 1962 also in Würzburg, Coburg, Erlangen, Augsburg, Bamberg and Kempten. In addition, he undertook numerous monumental renovations in Nördlingen, Memmingen, Lindau, Schweinfurt and Amberg. In partnership with Ludwig J. N. Bauer (1929–2003), social buildings, kindergartens, student residences, facilities for the disabled, old people's and nursing homes, residential buildings, city extensions as well as industrial and commercial buildings were also built.
Lichtblau often worked together with the church painter Hubert Distler.
In addition to Olaf Andreas Gulbransson, Gustav Gsaenger and Reinhard Riemerschmid, who died at an early age, Lichtblau had a decisive influence on Protestant church architecture in Bavaria in the second half of the 20th century. Many of the churches that Lichtblau created are built over a polygonal ground plan. Most of them have a freestanding tower.
Buildings (selection)
Church of the Resurrection in Gartenstadt Keesburg, Würzburg
Conversion of the Max barracks into 50 social housing units (Lindau Island, 1989)
Emmauskirche in Munich (1964)
Extension of the church of the Resurrection by Olaf Andreas Gulbransson in Neufahrn (Landkreis Freising) by Community hall and parsonage (1972, with Ludwig Bauer)
Extension of the reconciliation church in Neunburg vorm Wald (1966–1968)
Immanuelkirche in Munich (1965–1966)
Johanneskirche in Alterlangen (1963–1964)
Michaelskapelle in Dietramszell (1961)
New choir centre for the Windsbacher Knabenchor (1974 by competition)
Pfennigparade in Munich-Schwabing (Bauabschnitt 3: Behinderten- und Personalwohnungen, Gewerbetrakt, 1976)
Philippuskirche in Munich (1964)
Protestant church in Übersee (on heptagonal ground plan, 1965)
Protestant church of the Resurrection in Oberaudorf (1957–1958), since 1999 under monument protection
Reconstruction and extension of social homes of the Rummelsberger Diakonie (Schloss Ditterswind etc.)
St.-Andreas Church in Augsburg (1966–1967)
Redesign of the Johanneskirche in Bad Tölz (1970)
Zachäuskirche in Sauerlach (1963)
Literature
Andreas Hildmann (Hrsg.): Kleine Kirchen von Franz Lichtblau. Eine Werkliste. Kunstverlag Josef Fink, Lindenberg 2013, .
External links
1928 births
2019 deaths
20th-century German architects
Bavarian architects
People from Bad Tölz
Technical University of Munich alumni
Carlos Roberto Baute Jiménez (born March 8, 1974, in Caracas, Venezuela), best known simply as Carlos Baute, is a Venezuelan singer-songwriter and television host. His music is mostly in the Latin pop genre, with some ballads and Bachata.
Early life
He is the son of Alfonso Baute and Clara Jiménez and he is of Spanish (his father is from Tenerife and his maternal great-grandparents are from Galicia), Cuban (his maternal grandmother) and Venezuelan descent. Baute's surname is of Guanches origin, the indigenous Berber peoples of the Canary Islands in Spain.
Career
In 1987 At age 13, he joined Los Chamos, which released an album entitled Con un poco de Amor in 1990. He worked as a model and released his first solo album titled Orígenes I in 1994. He acted in the Venezuelan telenovela, Destino de Mujer (1997), as Pedro José, a swimming instructor.
With the album Yo nací para querer... (1999), he moved to Spain and had much success with all his albums. He acted in the television series Aladinna (TVE), Mis Adorables Vecinos (Antena 3) and was the host of Gala Miss España, Gala IB3, and Gala Fin de Año de TVE1.
Baute has released six albums, including the greatest hits album. On April 1, 2008, he released De Mi Puño y Letra, which included "Colgando en tus manos". He released two versions, one solo and one with Marta Sánchez. The duet rose to the top of the charts in many Spanish-speaking countries worldwide.
Although well known in many Hispanic countries, he has not crossed over into many other markets.
In October 2012, he released a duet with Laura Pausini, "Las cosas que no me espero".
He now lives in Spain and has Spanish citizenship.
By March 2014, during the Venezuelan riots, he released a music video asking for "Respect" amongst citizens of different political sides. In the video "Que tu voz sea mi voz", Baute appears with the national flag painted on his face.
Personal life
By June 2012 Carlos Baute married the Venezuelan model Astrid Klisans.
Carlos Baute has a son called José Daniel Arellán. Baute was urged to recognize the legal paternity of José Daniel in November 2012 in the event that a Spanish court rules against Baute's claims of not being the father of José Daniel. José Daniel Arellán is son of Carlos Baute and a Venezuelan girl called Náyera and he was born when Baute was 15 years-old.
Astrid had a son named Markuss on July 22, 2016, in Madrid.
During the Venezuelan presidential crisis, Baute stated his position of support for Juan Guaidó, saying he has not visited Venezuela for eight years after being blacklisted by the Maduro government.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Featured in
References
External links
Official website
English website
1974 births
Living people
Latin pop singers
Singers from Caracas
Venezuelan expatriates in Spain
Venezuelan people of Cuban descent
Venezuelan people of Spanish descent
Venezuelan television personalities
20th-century Venezuelan male singers
Venezuelan exiles
21st-century Venezuelan male singers
The 1934–35 Palestine League was the third season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. According to the Israel Football Association, the league was won by Hapoel Tel Aviv. However, as little information remains regarding the season, only a partial table is available.
League table
References
RSSSF
100 Years of Football 1906–2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1934–35 in Mandatory Palestine football
Football
Football
Michael Card (born April 11, 1957) is an American, Christian singer-songwriter, musician, author, and radio host from Franklin, Tennessee. He is best known for his contributions in contemporary Christian music, which combine folk-style melodies and instrumentation with an in-depth study of the Bible. Since his debut in 1981, Card has sold more than 4 million albums and has written 19 No. 1 singles. He has also authored several books, including the Gold Medallion Book Award winner, A Sacred Sorrow.
Career
Card was born in Madison, Tennessee. He is the son of a doctor and the grandson of a Baptist minister. He received bachelor's and master's degrees in biblical studies from Western Kentucky University, and was awarded university's Distinguished Alumni Award in 1997. His studies in physics and astronomy led to a job at a planetarium, allowing Card to fund his education. In 2005, Card worked on a Doctorate of Philosophy (PhD) in Classical Literature.
Musician
Card got his start as a professional musician when his professor and mentor, William L. Lane, asked him to write some music to accompany weekly sermons at their church. Card's friend and fellow musician, Randy Scruggs, then requested that Card record a demo tape to help Scruggs get a job as a producer. The record label agreed to hire Scruggs as long as his first project featured Card. Since then, Card has released thirty two original albums and six compilation albums. Card's project, Starkindler, is composed of Card's interpretations of traditional Celtic hymns. The compilations often include one or two new songs along with previously released material. With the exception of Starkindler and Hymns, Card writes a vast majority of the music he records.
Many of Card's albums are structured around a unifying theme. The songs from The Beginning are all based on the Pentateuch. The individual songs have subjects such as Genesis, Leviticus, Abraham, Isaac and Moses. Card is particularly adept at relating difficult or obscure concepts from the Old Testament to more understandable themes from the New Testament. The song Jubilee concerns the period of rest and the release from debts and slavery commanded in the Jubilee year as described in Leviticus 25, but also relates to the rest and freedom from condemnation offered through Jesus.
Card's most famous song is "El Shaddai", which was also recorded by Amy Grant. Grant's recording was named No. 326 on the RIAA's list of 365 Songs of the Century in 2001. Other popular Card songs include Immanuel, Joy in the Journey, and Heal Our Land. Heal Our Land was commissioned as the 1993 National Day of Prayer's theme song.
Despite his success in music, Card has always maintained that his music career is secondary to his calling as a Bible teacher. He has distanced himself from the CCM industry by criticizing the promotion of personalities over musical content and the shifting emphasis away from God to sell more albums.
In 2008, alongside the By/For Project, Card produced and contributed vocals and songs to the album Sweet Sacrifice, collaborating with Seattle, Washington based artists Brian Moss, Molly McCue, and Kurt Dyrhsen. The album was made available for free on ByFor.org under a Creative Commons Attribution license.
In 2019, Card released the album, To the Kindness of God, featuring 7 new original songs, 2 hymn covers, and one new arrangement of one of Card's earlier songs, "Song of Gomer" (here renamed "Gomer's Song"), which first appeared on the album The Word: Recapturing the Imagination. Prior to its release, Card announced that it would be his final full-length album, but also clarifying that he was not yet retiring from music in general, or writing new music.
Author
Michael Card is the author or co-author of twenty-two books. He originally started writing as a way to share the knowledge he accumulated while researching his songs. He found his studies were too in-depth to condense everything he had learned into one short piece. The books that resulted from album research bear the same titles as the albums. He then branched out to other subjects not specifically based on his music, such as the Gospel of John, homeschooling, and Christian discipleship and mentoring. In 2014, Card completed the Biblical Imagination Series, a four-volume set which takes a deeper look at each of the gospels and the voice of the writers behind them. He followed up on the Biblical Imagination Series next by releasing a new book (and album) on the subject of the Hebrew word
(ḥesed), an idea which he first explored in his two books on lament (A Sacred Sorrow and The Hidden Face of God). The book is about the bibliography of the word throughout the Old Testament, and how we can start to understand this word that is so often used to describe God and cannot be precisely expressed in the English language by the context in which it is used. The book was called Inexpressible: Hesed and the Mystery of God's Lovingkindness, and was released at the end of 2018.
Radio host
In addition to touring and writing, Card also hosted a weekly radio program, In the Studio with Michael Card. It was carried by stations in 48 states, Canada, and the Caribbean. It was also available via Internet streaming audio and as a podcast. The show was an amalgam of talk, musical performances, and Bible study. The show ceased production in March 2009 but was then revived in the form of a podcast on June 18, 2018, with a mix of completely new and classic material.
Controversies
In 1996, Michael Card caused some concern within his primarily evangelical fan-base by co-releasing an album (Brother to Brother) as well as touring with musician, John Michael Talbot. Some fans and critics felt betrayed by the collaboration since Card is known for lyrics that scrupulously adhere to Protestant theology whereas Talbot is a Roman Catholic.
On November 14, 2004, Card provided the music for a sermon by Ravi Zacharias at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints' Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, Utah. In coverage of the event, a Deseret Morning News reporter wrote the following:
Still, Card said, he doesn't see Mormonism and evangelical Christianity as opposed to each other. They are more like the two ends of a long thread—part of the same thing.
Since the statement was not a direct quote, some have surmised that Card was misunderstood, which turned out to be accurate. The impact of this statement can be understood in the context that many Protestants and Catholics categorize Mormons as outside Christianity and consider the LDS church a cult.
Card's response to his critics online did satisfy some, since it denied the quote and the LDS interviewer later admitted to rewording Card's statement somewhat interpretively.
Jerry Johnson, the author of the article on Michael Card in Deseret News, later admitted:
The word Michael used was "continuum". He said that he thought the tensions between the LDS Church and the Evangelicals was because the LDS Church was on one end of the "continuum" and Evangelicals on the other.
Discography/writings
First Light (1981)
Legacy (1983)
Known by the Scars (1984)
Scandalon (1985)
The Final Word (1987)
Present Reality (1988)
Sleep Sound in Jesus: Gentle Lullabies (1989)
The Beginning (1989)
The Way of Wisdom (1990)
The Promise: A Celebration of Christ's Birth (1991)
The Word: Recapturing the Imagination (1992)
Come to the Cradle (1993)
Poiema (1994)
Brother to Brother (with John Michael Talbot) (1996)
Close Your Eyes So You Can See (1996)
Unveiled Hope (1997)
Starkindler: A Celtic Conversation Across Time (1998)
Concert Talks Volume 1 (1998)
Soul Anchor (2000)
Scribbling in the Sand (2002)
A Fragile Stone (2003) reissued in 2006.
The Rabbi's Heartbeat (2003) CD single available only with Brennan Manning's The Rabbi's Heartbeat book.
The Life of Simon Peter (eight-disc teaching series) (2003)
The Hidden Face of God (2006)
A Fragile Stone (Reissue) (2006) Comes with DVD of a four-part program Michael Card did with Day of Discovery on Simon Peter.
Hymns (2008)
Luke: A World Turned upside Down (2011)
Mark: The Beginning of the Gospel (2012)
A Violent Grace (2013)
Matthew: The Penultimate Question (2013)
John: The Misunderstood Messiah (2014)
To the Kindness of God (2019)
Compilations
Legacy and First Light (1988) both albums reissued on a single disc.
The Life (1988) contains The Final Word, Scandalon and Known by the Scars in a boxed-set (except "Crown Him (Reprise)")
The Early Works (1991)
The Ancient Faith (1993) contains The Beginning, The Way of Wisdom and The Word: Recapturing the Imagination in a boxed-set (plus "Heal Our Land" song for the National Day of Prayer & "Ancient Faith Overture")
Joy in the Journey (1994) contains "Chorus selections from The Life trilogy
Signature Songs (1999) contains selections from Legacy and First Light
The Ultimate Collection (2006)
An Invitation to Awe (2011) contains 24 remastered selections from The Ancient Faith
Other works featuring Michael Card
Christmas (1988) Michael Card sings "What Child Is This?". Not available elsewhere.
Coram Deo (1992) Michael Card sings two duets with Charlie Peacock: "Amen! Praise and Glory!" and "Lord of Love".
Steve Green People Need the Lord (1994) Duet on "Embrace the Cross".
Promise Keepers- A Life That Shows (1994) Song "Bearers of the Light", later available on Poiema, debuts here.
Wedding album (1995) Michael Card's "Earthly Perfect Harmony" and "Lord of Love", a duet with Charlie Peacock appear.
Wes King A Room Full of Stories (1997) Wrote "Who But God?"
Songs 4 Life: Feel the Power (1998) "Love Crucified Arose"
Songs 4 life: Renew your heart! (1998) "Joy In The Journey"
John Michael Talbot "Cave Of The Heart" (1999) Backing vocals.
30 Years of Award-Winning Music (1999) "El Shaddai"
Songs From The Book (1999) "The Book" appears. Michael Card also plays acoustic guitar on "El Shaddai" sung by Winans Phase 2 & Amy Grant.
John Michael Talbot Wisdom (2001) Backing vocals.
I Will Be Here: 10 Contemporary Wedding Songs includes "The Wedding"
Giving You the Rest of My Life: 13 Contemporary Classics for Memorable Weddings Michael Card & Charlie Peacock's "Amen! Praise and Glory" are included, but Charlie Peacock isn't credited as singing.
Let Us Pray: The National Day of Prayer Album "Heal Our Land"
My Cry Ascends: New Parish Psalms (2010) (various artists, Gregory Wilbur, composer)
Videos
Front Row (1990)
The Word: Recapturing The Imagination (1992) Includes music video "So Many Books".
The Visual Bible: The Debate Over Tradition (1994) Includes "Recapture Me" music video.
Christmas In Belfast (1997)
Scribbling In The Sand (2002) Also on DVD.
Books
Sleep Sound in Jesus (1989) ()
Immanuel: Reflections on the Life of Christ (1990) ()
The Promise: A Celebration of Christ's Birth (1991) ()
Come to the Cradle (1993) ()
The Parable of Joy: Reflections on the Wisdom of the Book of John (1995) ()
Close Your Eyes So You Can See: Stories of Children in the Life of Jesus (1996) ()
Joy in the Journey (1996) ()
The Home school Journey (with Susan Card) (1997) ()
Unveiled Hope: Eternal Encouragement from the Book of Revelation (with Scotty Smith) (1997) ()
Tell Me Why: Eternal Answers to Life's Timeless Questions (1999) () – Answers to children's questions such as "Why did God make me?" and "Why do we have to die?"
A Violent Grace (2000) () – Focuses on the frequently ignored brutality of Jesus' crucifixion.
The Walk: A Moment in Time When Two Lives Intersect (2001) () – Chronicles the 20-year relationship between Card and his mentor, Dr. William Lane, until Lane's death.
Scribbling in the Sand: Christ and Creativity (2002) ()
Scribbling in the Sand Audio Book (2002)
A Fragile Stone: the Emotional Life of Simon Peter (2003) ()
A Fragile Stone Audio Book (2003)
A Sacred Sorrow: Reaching Out to God in The Lost Language of Lament (2005) () – Reclaiming the ability to cry out to God when we suffer.
A Sacred Sorrow Experience Guide (2005) () – A 10-week study that helps the reader relate his own painful experiences to those of Biblical personages.
The Hidden Face of God: Finding the Missing Door to the Father Through Lament (2007) ()
A Better Freedom: Finding Life as Slaves of Christ (InterVarsity Press, 2009) ()
A Violent Grace: Meeting Christ at the Cross (InterVarsity Press, 2013) ()
Luke: The Gospel of Amazement (InterVarsity Press, 2011) ()
Mark: The Gospel of Passion (InterVarsity Press, 2012) ()
Matthew: The Gospel of Identity (InterVarsity Press, 2013) ()
John: The Gospel of Wisdom (InterVarsity Press, 2014) ()
Inexpressible: Hesed and the Mystery of God's Lovingkindness (InterVarsity Press, 2018) ()
The Nazarene: Forty Devotions on the Lyrical Life of Jesus (InterVarsity Press, 2020) ()
Awards
Singles
References
External links
Official Michael Card Website
Street Level Agency's Michael Card page
Christianity Today's Michael Card page
Answers.com's Michael Card page
Artist Direct's Michael Card bio
Yahoo.com Music's Michael Card bio
VH1's Michael Card bio
ByFor.org Project
Talk Show Style Interview with Michael Card
1957 births
Living people
American male singers
American Protestants
American performers of Christian music
Western Kentucky University alumni
American gospel singers
Christian music songwriters
People from Franklin, Tennessee
Promise Keepers
Songwriters from Tennessee
American male songwriters
Kanaganayagam Kanag-Isvaran is a leading Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and President's Counsel.
Early life and family
Kanag-Isvaran is the son of S. R. Kanaganayagam, a lawyer and member of the Senate of Ceylon, and Satiammah. He was educated at Jaffna Central College. After school he joined the University of London, graduating with a LL.B. degree.
Kanag-Isvaran has two sons (Kishaan and Shivaan) and a daughter (Radhika).
Career
Kanag-Isvaran was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in June 1964. He was called to the bar in Ceylon in July 1966, becoming an advocate of the Supreme Court. He practices law in Colombo in the appellate and original courts, specialising in aviation, banking and finance, corporate, commercial, intellectual property, insurance, shipping and admiralty and telecommunication law. His clients include a number Sri Lanka's blue chip companies as well as multinational companies.
Kanag-Isvaran has appeared in a number of high-profile non-commercial legal cases including the controversial impeachment of Chief Justice Shirani Bandaranayake, the de-merger of the North Eastern Province, Tamil National Alliance's manifesto for the 2013 provincial council election, the dispute between Chief Minister of the Northern Province C. V. Vigneswaran and Chief Secretary R. Wijialudchumi and the ongoing attempt by residents of the Valikamam North High Security Zone to get their land back from the Sri Lankan military.
Kanag-Isvaran was a member of the Law Commission of Sri Lanka from 1994 to 2009, director of the Law and Society Trust and the Institute for the Development of Commercial Law and Practice Arbitration Centre, Colombo and chairman of a number of committees advising on new legislation. Kanag-Isvaran is a President's Counsel.
Kanag-Isvaran is a lecturer at the Faculty of Law, University of Colombo and a visiting lecturer at the Sri Lanka Law College. He has been a member of the council of the University of Colombo since 2004, having been appointed by the University Grants Commission. He joined the board of Associated Motorways (Private) Limited in December 2006 as an independent non-executive director. He is a trustee and deputy vice-president of The National Trust Sri Lanka. In 2014 Kanag-Isvaran co-authored with attorney-at-law Dilshani Wijayawardana a book on company law.
References
Academics of Sri Lanka Law College
Academics of the University of Colombo
Alumni of Jaffna Central College
Alumni of the University of London
Ceylonese advocates
Living people
Members of Lincoln's Inn
President's Counsels (Sri Lanka)
Sri Lankan Tamil academics
Sri Lankan Tamil lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Up Late with Rylan is a British late night chat show presented by Rylan Clark-Neal. The show premiered on Channel 5 on 9 May 2016. Due to the poor ratings and a negative reception, the show was not renewed for a second series.
Format
Rylan Clark-Neal hosts a lively, interactive late night chat-show featuring guests, gossip, music and games.
Recurring sketches/segments
McCann or McCann't – Ferne McCann
Turner's Top Tips – Anthea Turner
Sophie's Choice – Sophie Willan
Rylan Relief – Rylan Clark-Neal
Games
Back Catalogue Bingo
In this game Rylan sends celebrities to a phone to phone a business and use as many words related to the celebrity as they can in 90 Seconds.
Bank or Bin
Each week, a member of the public is given 6 singletons, which they must cut down to 2. Based on the gifts they bring, they must then decide who they would like to take on a date. On the following night's episode, the couple return and reveal if they want to go on a second date.
Episodes
Series 1
References
External links
Up Late With Rylan at Channel5.com
2016 British television series debuts
2016 British television series endings
Channel 5 (British TV channel) original programming
Television series by Endemol
English-language television shows
1980 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 74th water polo championship in Hungary. There were fourteen teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1980 in water polo
1980 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Adrián López Álvarez (; born 8 January 1988), known simply as Adrián, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.
He amassed La Liga totals of 314 matches and 44 goals over 13 seasons, representing in the competition Deportivo, Málaga, Atlético Madrid, Villarreal and Osasuna and winning four major titles with the third club, including the 2013–14 league championship. In 2014 he signed with Porto from Portugal, being loaned several times during his contract.
Adrián earned two caps for Spain in 2012.
Club career
Real Oviedo
Born in Teverga, Asturias, Adrián was a product of local Real Oviedo's youth system. He quickly made the transition into the first team, scoring three goals in 26 matches while playing in Segunda División B. However, he did not have a professional contract because he was a youth player, and the only way to acquire his services for free was to offer him one.
Deportivo
Deportivo de La Coruña obliged and, in October 2006, Oviedo were given a €331,000 compensation by the La Liga club. Adrián's finest moment of 2006–07 arrived when, on 31 March 2007, he entered the league match at the Camp Nou in the 61st minute, and although FC Barcelona won it 2–1, he managed to score with a clever touch; it was his only league goal of the campaign, in 15 appearances (six starts).
After receiving few first team opportunities during 2007–08, Adrián was loaned to Segunda División strugglers Deportivo Alavés in April 2008. After helping the Basque team avoid relegation with three league goals, he returned to A Coruña to be loaned again on 14 August, this time to newly promoted Málaga CF on a season-long deal.
On 28 September 2008, Adrián netted his first goal for Málaga in a 2–1 home win over Real Valladolid, and appeared regularly throughout the campaign albeit only scoring three times. For 2009–10 he returned to Deportivo, where he began to feature prominently in the starting XI in various attacking positions. On 23 March 2010, he equalised for 10-men – eventually nine – Depor at Sporting de Gijón, in a final 2–1 loss.
Adrián continued to appear regularly in the 2010–11 season, again as a starter. In the Copa del Rey, the Galicians faced Córdoba CF in the round of 16: after a 1–1 draw in Andalusia, he scored the 1–1 in the 90th minute of the second leg, taking the match to extra time where he netted two more for a 3–1 victory and a spot in the quarter-finals. He finished as the team's top scorer at seven in 36 games, but they returned to the second tier after 20 years.
Atlético Madrid
Adrián joined Atlético Madrid on 19 July 2011 as a free agent, signing a four-year deal. Nine days later, in his competitive debut, he assisted in both José Antonio Reyes goals in a 2–1 home win against Strømsgodset IF in that season's UEFA Europa League. In the second leg, he netted the opening goal in a 2–0 victory.
In the same competition, on 25 August 2011, Adrián added a brace in a 4–0 away defeat of Vitória de Guimarães which ensured Atlético's qualification for the group stage 6–0 on aggregate. His first league goal came in a 4–0 home win against Racing de Santander on 18 September, heading from an Arda Turan cross.
As the volatile Reyes became increasingly disgruntled with his reserve status at the club, Adrián firmly established himself in the starting eleven. In two games separated by only five days, he scored four goals, two apiece against Real Zaragoza in the league (3–1 home victory) and Udinese Calcio (4–0, also at home) in the Europa League; in the latter competition, as the team reached and won the final, he scored 11 times.
On 17 December 2013, Adrián extended his contract with the Colchoneros until 30 June 2018. On 30 April of the following year, he scored his third official goal of the season, starting and helping his team win 3–1 at Chelsea and progress to the final of the UEFA Champions League for the first time since 1974.
Porto
On 12 July 2014, Adrián signed a five-year deal with Portuguese club FC Porto, who paid €11 million to Atlético Madrid for 60% of his economic rights. He scored his first goal for his new team on 17 September, in a 6–0 rout of FC BATE Borisov in the Champions League group stage. It was his only goal in 18 competitive appearances over his first season.
Adrián returned to Spain and its top division on 31 August 2015, after agreeing to a one-year loan with Villarreal CF. After several months on the sidelines with a left leg tendon ailment, he scored his first goal the following 28 February, concluding a 3–0 home victory against Levante UD.
On 28 April 2016, Adrián scored the only goal at the Estadio El Madrigal against Liverpool, coming on for Roberto Soldado late into the second half and netting in the 90th minute of the first leg of the Europa League semi-finals. The following January, after few opportunities at Porto, he returned to Villarreal on the same basis for the remainder of the campaign.
On 11 August 2017, Adrián returned to Deportivo on a one-year loan deal. He scored a team and career-best nine goals, but the club was relegated from the top flight after four years.
On 19 October 2018, in a match against amateurs S.C. Vila Real in the third round of the Taça de Portugal, Adrián netted four times in a 6–0 away rout. He scored his first goal in the Primeira Liga the following 2 March, but in a 1–2 home loss to S.L. Benfica which leapfrogged the hosts to take first place with ten rounds remaining.
Osasuna
Adrián returned to Spain's top flight on 30 July 2019, with the free agent joining newly promoted CA Osasuna on a one-year contract. On 22 May 2021, after 46 competitive matches, he was released.
Málaga
On 31 March 2022, aged 34, Adrián returned to Málaga on a short-term deal.
International career
In the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Canada, Adrián scored a hat-trick for Spain in the final group stage game against Jordan on 7 July, with all three goals coming in a span of ten minutes late in the first half.
Subsequently, he represented the under-21s in two UEFA European Championships. In the 2011 edition in Denmark, Adrián scored a brace in a 2–0 group stage victory over the Czech Republic, adding another in the next match against Ukraine (3–0). In the semi-final against Belarus, he scored the late 1–1 which took the game into extra time, adding another in that period in an eventual 3–1 win; he was awarded the Golden Boot as the highest scorer in the tournament.
Adrián made his full side debut on 26 May 2012 in a friendly with Serbia: after replacing Soldado at half-time, he scored with a header in the 64th minute, and later won a penalty kick which resulted in the final 2–0 in St. Gallen. He was also part of the Olympic team in 2012.
Career statistics
Club
Spain score listed first, score column indicates score after each López goal.
Honours
Atlético Madrid
La Liga: 2013–14
Copa del Rey: 2012–13
Supercopa de España runner-up: 2013
UEFA Europa League: 2011–12
UEFA Super Cup: 2012
UEFA Champions League runner-up: 2013–14
Porto
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2018
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: 2011
Individual
FIFA U-20 World Cup Silver Shoe: 2007
UEFA European Under-21 Championship Golden Boot/Team of the Tournament: 2011
References
External links
Deportivo archives
1988 births
Living people
People from Teverga
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Asturias
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Real Oviedo players
Deportivo de La Coruña players
Deportivo Alavés players
Málaga CF players
Atlético Madrid footballers
Villarreal CF players
CA Osasuna players
Primeira Liga players
FC Porto players
UEFA Europa League winning players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Spain under-23 international footballers
Spain international footballers
Olympic footballers of Spain
Footballers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Richard Grayson (born 1958) is a British artist, writer and curator. His art practice encompasses installation, video, painting and performance. He investigates ways that narratives shape our understandings of the world. His art and curatorial practice focus on narrative and the visual arts, belief systems and material expression, and ways cultural practices allow translation between the subjective and social/political realms.
Career
Grayson was a founder member of the Basement Group(1979–1984) in Newcastle upon Tyne. The Basement group was an artists' collective that focused on experimental time based and performance art practices. It has been described as "unique in this country [the United Kingdom] in combining two functions: it is an 'exhibiting society' for a group of six artists working in time based media (mostly performance and video), and it has up to the present provided a venue for any performing artist wishing to present work [in Newcastle]."
Grayon's work has been exhibited at Matt's Gallery, London; SMART Project Space, Amsterdam; Art Unlimited at Art Basel 2005, Switzerland; Museum of Contemporary Art Australia; Artpace, San Antonio, Texas and included in the 17th Biennale of Sydney 2010, "THE BEAUTY OF DISTANCE: Songs of Survival in a Precarious Age" and ARSENALE 2012: The First Kiev International Biennale of Contemporary Art 2012, entitled "The Best of Times, The Worst of Times. Rebirth and Apocalypse in Contemporary Art".
Key works include: "Messiah"
, 2004, "Intelligence"
, 2005, "Ghost Houses", 2004–2007, "The Golden Space City of God", 2009, "The Magpie Index", 2010, a video focusing on legendary singer-songwriter Roy Harper, "The Magic Mountain" 2013, and "Possessions_inc", 20016-19
His critical writing has been published by Art Monthly, UK and Broadsheet, Australia.
He has written catalogue essays and monographs on Mark Wallinger, Roy Harper, Mike Nelson, Susan Hiller and Suzanne Treister.
Between 1992 and 1998, he was Director of the Experimental Art Foundation in Adelaide, Australia.
Grayson was a Artistic Director of the 2002 Biennale of Sydney, titled '(The World May Be) Fantastic', which investigated 'artists and practices using fictions, narratives, invented methodologies, hypotheses, subjective belief systems, modellings, fakes and experiments as a means to make works.'. Writing in Art in America in October 2002, Michael Duncan said of the exhibition that it "gave free rein to complex, often offbeat works predicated on alternate realities. Artists included: Mike Nelson, Chris Burden, Susan Hiller, Vito Acconci, Eleanor Antin, Henry Darger, Janet Cardiff and Rodney Graham. In an article in the Sydney Morning Herald from 17 May 2002, Bruce James describes the exhibition as "a hit".
Grayson curated A Secret Service: Art, Compulsion, Concealment in 2006/7, a Hayward Gallery Touring Exhibition; This Will Not Happen Without You: (Basement to Locus + 1975-2007) in 2006–2007, Arts Council of England Touring exhibition, Polytechnic in 2010 for Raven Row, London, REVOLVER, a series of co-collaborations with Robin Klassnik at Matt's Gallery, London in 2012 and Worlds in Collision, the 3rd Adelaide International in 2014.
Grayson is currently a visiting lecturer at the Ruskin School of Art, University of Oxford, The Royal College of Art, London and holds the position of Bartlett Research Fellow at Newcastle University, UK
Writing - art catalogues
References
External links
Richard Grayson official site
Richard Grayson at Matt's Gallery, London
Richard Grayson, SMART Project Space, Amsterdam
Richard Grayson publications: Intelligence
Artfacts.Net: Richard Grayson' international gallery guide for modern, contemporary and emerging art.
Living people
1958 births
British curators
British installation artists
British performance artists
English contemporary artists
"Getting into Something" is a song by British singer-songwriter Alison Moyet, released in 1994 as the third single from her fourth studio album Essex. It was written by Moyet and Pete Glenister, and produced by Ian Broudie.
Background
Columbia had rejected the original recording of Essex and insisted that it be re-recorded to create a more commercial package. The label hired Ian Broudie to produce various tracks for the re-recorded version; one of which was "Getting into Something". The song was selected as the album's third single, following the Top 20 success of "Whispering Your Name". For its release as a single, "Getting into Something" was remixed. The mixing was handled by Dave Bascombe. A "Midnight Mix" of the song was also created by Bay Route.
"Getting into Something" reached No. 51 in the UK and remained on the chart for two weeks. It was released on 12", cassette and CD in the UK and on CD across Europe. A promotional video was filmed for the single, which was directed by Liam & Grant (Liam Kan and Grant Hodgson) for the production company HLA. During July 1994, the video was listed in Billboard magazine's The Clip List - a sampling of playlists submitted by national and local music video outlets. The video had received play on the local Boston TV music programme Rage as well as on the Chicago JBTV WWOR network.
Critical reception
Attitude writer Josh Lee described the song as a "forgotten gem". In a review of Essex, Hi-Fi News & Record Review commented, "Tracks like "Whispering Your Name" and "Getting into Something" are cleverly arranged, slickly produced, efficiently played and make good showcases for the Moyet lung-power but, they lack memorable tunes." Upon release, Music & Media described it as a "ballad with a demanding dance rhythm" and praised Moyet's vocal performance on the track. Alan Jones from Music Week wrote, "Saddled with an ordinary song, for which, as co-writer, Moyet must share the blame, it is nonetheless always pleasant to hear her voice. Something a little more challenging would have been preferable, however." In a retrospective review of Essex, Helena Adams of the music website Reflections of Darkness commented on the song's "amazing funky entrance that sets up the ambience with [Moyet's] sensuous voice".
Formats
12" Single
"Getting into Something" - 4:15
"Getting into Something (Midnight Mix)" - 4:31
"Never Too Late (Remix)" - 3:49
CD Single
"Getting into Something" - 4:15
"Dorothy (Acoustic)" - 3:11
"Ne Me Quitte Pas (Acoustic)" - 3:42
"Never Too Late" - 3:50
Cassette Single
"Getting into Something" - 4:15
"Dorothy (Acoustic)" - 3:11
CD Single (UK promo)
"Getting Into Something (Single Mix)" - 4:15
Charts
Personnel
Alison Moyet – vocals
Ian Broudie – guitar, producer, sound mixing
Simon Fowler – backing vocals
Steve Cradock - backing vocals
Dave Bascombe - mixing
Simon Rogers – programming
Cenzo Townshend – sound engineer
Bay Route - remixer on "Getting into Something (Midnight Mix)"
Victor Van Vugt - producer on "Dorothy (Acoustic)" and "Ne Me Quitte Pas (Acoustic)"
Pete Glenister - producer on "Never Too Late (Remix)"
Adrian Bushby, Pete Davis - remixers, additional producers on "Never Too Late (Remix)"
Alison Moyet, Martin Jenkins - artwork design
The Douglas Brothers - photography
References
1994 singles
Alison Moyet songs
Songs written by Alison Moyet
Songs written by Pete Glenister
Song recordings produced by Ian Broudie
1994 songs
Columbia Records singles
Music videos directed by Liam Kan
1943 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 37th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eleven teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1943 in water polo
1943 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Maja e Ragamit is a mountain in the Accursed Mountains range in Albania. Reaching 2,472m elevation, it is located 2 km east of Maja Jezercë, the highest point of the range and the Dinaric Alps.
References
Mountains of Albania
Accursed Mountains
The Ministry of Environmental Protection of the Republic of Serbia () is the ministry in the Government of Serbia which is in the charge of the environmental protection. The current minister is Goran Trivan, in office since 29 June 2017.
History
The ministry was established on 31 July 1991. Over the years, several departments were added and removed in the Ministry's jurisdiction. The area covered by the Ministry mostly included Environmental Protection, Natural Resources, Spatial Planning.
From 2004 to 2007, the Environmental Protection department was under Ministry of Science jurisdiction.
In 2011, the Mining department of the Ministry of Mining and Energy was added to the Ministry only to be removed in 2014. In 2012, Environment department was moved into Ministry of Energy, Development, and Environment under Zorana Mihajlović.
The Ministry was abolished in 2014, as the Mining department was merged into Ministry of Mining and Energy.
In 2017, it was split from the Ministry of Agriculture and Environmental Protection.
List of ministers
Political Party:
References
External links
Environment
1991 establishments in Serbia
Ministries established in 1991
Serbia
Eugène Klein (born in 1916 in Avenheim) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina in Papua New Guinea.
He was appointed Bishop of Bereina in 1966. He was Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nouméa in New Caledonia from 1972 until he resigned in 1981. He died in 1992.
References
1916 births
1992 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
Roman Catholic archbishops of Nouméa
Safin Futsal Club Pati is an Indonesian professional futsal club based in Pati, Central Java. The club plays in the Indonesia Pro Futsal League.
Players
Current squad
Sponsor
Club Honours
National competitions
Pro Futsal League
Runner-up: 2018, 2020
Third place: 2019
Continental competitions
AFF Futsal Club Championship
Semi-finalist: 2018
Coaching staff
References
External links
SKN FC Official website
Futsal clubs in Indonesia
Kebumen (town)
Kebumen Regency
Futsal clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Indonesia
Lidija Mihajlović (; born September 23, 1968) is a Serbian sport shooter.
Mihajlović was born in Niš (SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) and began her shooting career at SK "NIŠ 1881" in her native city. She is currently coached by Zoran Stojiljković.
She has participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona as an Independent Olympic Participant, due to the country of FR Yugoslavia being under United Nations sanctions which prevented the country from taking part in the Olympics. However, individual Yugoslav athletes were allowed to take part as Independent Olympic Participants. She represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China, as she gained qualification for two different events. She finished 7th in the 50 metre rifle three positions event.
During her career, she has won five international medals (four silver, one gold) and also two European medals (one silver, one bronze).
Mihajlović gained her qualification to the 2008 Summer Olympics by taking 4th place at the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Zagreb, Croatia.
External links
Lidija Mihajlović profile at the Olympic Committee of Serbia website
Lidija Mihajlović profile at SrbijaSport.com
1968 births
Serbian female sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters as Independent Olympic Participants
Olympic shooters of Serbia
Sportspeople from Niš
Living people
DeMars (and variants) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
AnnMaria De Mars (born 1958), American technology executive, author and Judoka
Billy DeMars (1925–2020), American baseball shortstop and coach
Bruce DeMars, United States Navy four-star admiral
Hélène-Louise Demars (born c. 1736), French composer
Jean-Odéo Demars (1695–1756), French organist and harpsichordist
Lina van de Mars (born 1979), German TV moderator
Nicole Demars (born 1970), Canadian road cyclist
Vernon DeMars (1908–2005), American architect and professor
See also
DeMar
Gustav V Land is a land area comprising the peninsula on the northwestern part of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard in Arctic Norway. It constitutes roughly one quarter of the island's area, approximately 4000 km2, being some 80 km wide east–west and 85 km north–south, connected to the rest of the island by a 22-km-wide isthmus in the southeast. The peninsula is bordered to the south by Wahlenbergfjorden, to the west by Hinlopen Strait and Hinlopenrenna, to the north by Nordkappsundet, and to the east by Nordenskiöldbukta and Rijpfjorden. Gustav Adolf Land is to the south and Prins Oscars Land is to the east. The boundary of Gustav V Land passes through Rijpdalen and Flaumdalen to Winsnesbreen in the east, continues further southwest to Brånevatnet, and thence follows the river from Brånevatnet to the sea at Bodleybukta. The highest elevation is on the glacier Vestfonna, which covers large parts of the land.
The coast is heavily indented, especially in the west and north. Principal fjords are Murchisonfjorden to the west; Lady Franklinfjorden and Brennevinsfjorden to the northwest; Lindhagenbukta, Sabinebukta, Carolusbukta and Planciusbukta to the north; and Bengtsenbukta to the northeast. Main peninsulas are Gotiahalvøya and Storsteinhalvøya in the west, Botniahalvøya in the northwest, and Lapponiahalvøya with Kapp Rubin in the north. The largest islands are Søre Russøya in Murchisonfjorden, Lågøya in Lady Franklinfjorden, Chermsideøya and Castrénøyane north of Lapponiahalvøya, and Scoresbyøya in Nordenskiöldbukta.
Gustav V Land was named after Gustaf V (1858–1950), king of Sweden 1907–50.
References
Peninsulas of Svalbard
Nordaustlandet
Franklin Eduardo Pérez Montoya (born December 6, 1997) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers organization.
Career
Houston Astros
Pérez signed with the Houston Astros as an international free agent in July 2014. He made his professional debut in 2015 with the Dominican Summer League Astros and was promoted to the Gulf Coast Astros later that season. He posted a combined 1–4 record and 4.50 ERA in 50 innings pitched between both teams. He pitched 2016 with the Quad Cities River Bandits where he went 3–3 with a 2.84 ERA in 66.2 innings. He began 2017 with the Buies Creek Astros and after pitching to a 4–2 record and 2.98 ERA was promoted to the Corpus Christi Hooks in July where he posted a 3.09 ERA in 32 innings.
Detroit Tigers
On August 31, 2017, the Astros traded Pérez to the Detroit Tigers, along with Jake Rogers and Daz Cameron, for Justin Verlander. The Tigers assigned him to the Erie SeaWolves but he did not play for them in 2017.
Prior to the 2018 season, he was rated as the Tigers top prospect and one of the top prospects in the minors overall. Due to a recurrence of a lat injury he suffered in 2017, Perez played in just seven games between the Gulf Coast Tigers and the Lakeland Flying Tigers in 2018. In those seven games, he went 0–2 with a 6.52 ERA in 19 innings. The Tigers added him to their 40-man roster after the 2018 season. Perez appeared in just two games for Lakeland in 2019 due to chronic shoulder injuries.
Pérez did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pérez was added to the Tigers' 60-man player pool for the 2020 season but did not play in a major league game, instead playing the season at the alternate training site.
On May 11, 2021, it was announced that Pérez would undergo surgery on his pitching shoulder, putting him out for “awhile”. The next day, Pérez was placed on waivers by Detroit. On May 14, Pérez re-signed with the Tigers organization on a minor league contract.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Valencia, Venezuela
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball players
Gulf Coast Astros players
Quad Cities River Bandits players
Buies Creek Astros players
Corpus Christi Hooks players
Gulf Coast Tigers players
Lakeland Flying Tigers players
Enrique García Álvarez (1873–1931) was a Spanish playwright and composer. He wrote over 100 plays, including in collaboration with Pedro Muñoz Seca.
References
1873 births
1931 deaths
20th-century Spanish dramatists and playwrights
Into Harm's Way is a 2012 American documentary. The film features a series of interviews with the members of the United States Military Academy class of 1967 and their experiences during their college career at West Point and later in the Vietnam War. The movie was produced and directed by Jordan Kronick for the West Point Center for Oral History. The Center's director, journalist Todd Brewster, served as the film's executive producer. The film opened at the GI Film Festival on May 15, 2012.
References
External links
Into Harm's Way Official Web Site
Into Harm's Way page at KQED
Into Harm's Way intro to documentary at Vimeo by "The Documentary Group"
2012 films
2012 in American television
2012 documentary films
Documentary films about veterans
Documentary films about the Vietnam War
American documentary television films
American independent films
Vietnam War films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
This is a list of the woredas, or districts, in the Sidama Region of Ethiopia.
List of districts
Aleta Chuko
Aleta Wendo
Arbegona
Aroresa
Hawassa Zuria
Bensa
Bona Zuria
Boricha
Bursa
Chere
Dale
Dara
Gorche
Hawassa
Hula
Loko Abaya
Malga
Shebedino
Wensho
Wondo Genet
See also
Districts of Ethiopia
References
Sidama Region
Districts
Mercury(IV) fluoride, HgF4, is the first mercury compound to be reported with mercury in the +4 oxidation state. Mercury, like the other group 12 elements (cadmium and zinc), has an s2d10 electron configuration and generally only forms bonds involving its 6s orbital. This means that the highest oxidation state mercury normally attains is +2, and for this reason it is usually considered a post-transition metal instead of a transition metal. HgF4 was first reported from experiments in 2007, but its existence remains disputed; experiments conducted in 2008 could not replicate the compound.
History
Speculation about higher oxidation states for mercury had existed since the 1970s, and theoretical calculations in the 1990s predicted that it should be stable in the gas phase, with a square-planar geometry consistent with a formal d8 configuration. However, experimental proof remained elusive until 2007, when HgF4 was first prepared using solid neon and argon for matrix isolation at a temperature of 4 K. The compound was detected using infrared spectroscopy. Analysis of density functional theory and coupled cluster calculations showed that the d orbitals are involved in bonding, leading to the suggestion that mercury should be considered a transition metal after all. However, that conclusion has been challenged by W. B. Jensen with the argument that HgF4 only exists under highly atypical non-equilibrium conditions and should best be considered as an exception.
Explanation
Theoretical studies suggest that mercury is unique among the natural elements of group 12 in forming a tetrafluoride, and attribute this observation to relativistic effects. According to calculations, the tetrafluorides of the "less relativistic" elements cadmium and zinc are unstable and eliminate a fluorine molecule, F2, to form the metal difluoride complex. On the other hand, the tetrafluoride of the "more relativistic" synthetic element 112, copernicium, is predicted to be more stable. However, more recent theoretical studies cast doubt on the possible existence of mercury(IV) and even copernicium(IV) fluoride.
Synthesis and properties
HgF4 is produced by the reaction of elemental mercury with fluorine:
Hg + 2 F2 → HgF4
HgF4 is only stable in matrix isolation at ; upon heating, or if the HgF4 molecules touch each other, it decomposes to mercury(II) fluoride and fluorine:
HgF4 → HgF2 + F2
HgF4 is a diamagnetic, square planar molecule. The mercury atom has a formal 6s25d86p6 electron configuration, and as such obeys the octet rule but not the 18-electron rule. HgF4 is isoelectronic with the tetrafluoroaurate anion, , and is valence isoelectronic with the tetrachloroaurate (), tetrabromoaurate (), and tetrachloroplatinate () anions.
References
Mercury compounds
Fluorides
Metal halides
Hypothetical chemical compounds
Substances discovered in the 2000s
Bittu Sahgal is an environmental activist, writer, and the founder of Sanctuary Nature Foundation, an Indian nonprofit conservation organization that works on environmental policy, advocacy, science, on-ground support and habitat management. He is also the founding editor of Sanctuary Asia, a wildlife and ecology magazine.
Early life
Sahgal was born on 12 October 1947 in Shimla, where he attended from Bishop Cotton High School. He graduated with a B.Com from St Xavier's College, Kolkata. He worked at a chartered accountancy firm during this time. He resigned later and moved to Mumbai, where he currently lives. He has been associated with Project Tiger since its inception and was greatly influenced by Dr. Salim Ali, the famous "Birdman of India", Kailash Sankhala, the first director of Project Tiger and renowned conservationist Fateh Singh Rathore, the former field director at Ranthambhore Tiger Reserve.
Career
After Sahgal moved to Mumbai, he began working as an advertising professional. Over the years, he became a regular visitor to wildlife sanctuaries and national parks around the country. His interest in wildlife conservation grew through interactions with locals on his trips. In 1980, Rathore urged Sahgal to start a wildlife magazine, stressing on the importance of educating the public. The first issue of Sanctuary Asia was published the following year in October. In 1984, he founded Sanctuary Cub, to reach a younger audience. Cub is currently edited by his younger daughter, Tara Sahgal.
In the year 2000, Sahgal instituted the Sanctuary Wildlife Awards to honour men and women working on groundbreaking projects in the conservation sector and excelling wildlife photographers. Later in 2017, a separate Awards event for photography, the Sanctuary Wildlife Photography Awards, was established solely to promote wildlife conservation through photography.
Sahgal established the Mud on Boots project in 2017, which seeks to empower grassroots conservationists in India. These conservationists often come from humble backgrounds, and find themselves limited in their ability to expand and fund their work because of the challenges posed by language barriers, geographical remoteness and restricted access to technology and education. These individuals are identified for Sanctuary by credible conservation leaders. The same year, he launched Community Owned Community Operated Nature (COCOON) Conservancies, a rewilding initiative outside India's Protective Area Network which seeks to improve the lives of Indian farmers who live near forest land by rewilding their failed farms back to biodiverse forest status, and helping them find new sources of income, like ecotourism.
Sahgal has served on a number of government and non-government bodies, including the National Board for Wildlife, Animal Welfare Board, State Wildlife Board of Maharashtra, the IUCN (World Conservation Union), The Wild Foundation (U.S.A) and the Expert Appraisal Committee for Infrastructure, Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India. He works with policymakers, social workers, economists and scientists at the tri-junction of biodiversity, climate change and economics, speaking at national and international platforms in support of wilderness conservation while continuing to spearhead the work of the Sanctuary Nature Foundation.
Publications
Besides the Sanctuary Asia and Cub magazines, Sahgal has published numerous works in both English and regional languages. He has authored coffee table books on wildlife, including a series on some of India's national parks and sanctuaries; The Bandhavgarh Inheritance, The Sundarbans Inheritance, The Bharatpur Inheritance, The Kaziranga Inheritance, The Corbett Inheritance and The Periyar Inheritance and a stand-alone, India Naturally.
He also produced 30 wildlife documentaries.
Kids for Tigers
Sahgal founded Kids for Tigers in the year 2000. Kids For Tigers is an educational outreach programme targeting rural and urban kids across India through nature walks, fests and workshops. The programme started in urban cities—New Delhi, Mumbai, Calcutta, Bangalore—and then branched out into smaller towns and cities like Chandrapur that border tiger reserves. Kids For Tigers has reached out to over one million children. The tiger, a metaphor for all nature, is a rallying point for children working to safeguard their own future. The goal is "to give city kids the opportunity to fall in love with tigers and with nature, and to teach them that we can't save tigers without saving their home".
References
Indian environmentalists
Writers from Mumbai
Living people
1947 births
People from Himachal Pradesh
Indian editors
Black Bart is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Yvonne De Carlo, Dan Duryea as the real-life cowboy bandit Charles Bolles, and Jeffrey Lynn. It was distributed by Universal-International and produced by Leonard Goldstein. It was shot in Technicolor and was also known as Black Bart, Highwayman. The film was written by Luci Ward, Jack Natteford, and William Bowers and was released on March 3, 1948.
Plot
From his jail cell, old-time outlaw Jersey Brady (Percy Kilbride) tells the story of his ex-partner, notorious highwayman Charles E. Boles, also known as Black Bart (Dan Duryea).
Years earlier, Charles, Lance Hardeen (Jeffrey Lynn), and Jersey are working as outlaws when Charles decides to leave the gang, move to California, and pull off one last, big heist, which will allow him to go straight. Although Lance tries to trick Charles out of his share of their hidden loot, Charles secretly double-crosses Lance first and steals all the money.
Months later in Sacramento, Charles meets an ex-partner Clark (John McIntire), who now uses his position as a lawyer to commit big crimes. Together, the two plan to destroy the local Wells Fargo bank, create their own bank in its place, and profit from the growing gold rush business. Over the next two months, Clark tips off Charles about all the Wells Fargo money shipments, and a disguised Charles robs each stage until the townspeople lose confidence in the bank.
One day, when a masked Charles, now known as Black Bart, stops a coach transporting Lance, Jersey, and the celebrated dancer Lola Montez (Yvonne De Carlo), Lance recognizes Charles' voice and helps to save the coach from his thievery. Lance then brings the coach to the bank's relay station, where he further impresses Lola by saving the broken leg of the driver. Soon after, however, Charles, as Black Bart, also intrigues Lola when he sneaks into the station, returns her diamond bracelet, and embraces her before fleeing.
The next day when they reach Sacramento, Wells Fargo manager Mark Lorimer and Sheriff Gordon (Lloyd Gough) hire Lance and Jersey, whom they consider their new heroes, as coach guards. Charles, a respected rancher by day, greets them in the local bar, and although Lance reveals that he knows Charles is Black Bart and tells him that he wants Lola, Charles insists they take out Lola together. One day, Charles gets Lola alone and the two fall in love, but after he admits he is Black Bart, she implores him to give up his criminal life to be with her, and he agrees to do so after just one last job.
Meanwhile, Sheriff Gordon devises a plan for Lance to act as lookout for a posse of deputies who are to guard a coach carrying the payload that will save Wells Fargo. As Lance and Jersey scheme to rob the stage themselves and blame it on Black Bart, Clark tells Charles that if the stage gets through, their plan will be ruined. Black Bart meets the stage, orders Jersey to throw the money box down as the stage rides past, and escapes from Lance. When he opens the box, however, he finds it empty and realizes the money must still be at the relay station.
That night, after Charles tells Lola he has to go back to retrieve the money, she convinces him to not take the risk. Charles then tells Lance that he can steal and keep all the money himself. Lance, however, forces Charles to go with him to the relay station, and as soon as they get there, they are ambushed by a waiting posse. They escape into a barn, but when the posse sets it on fire, they are forced to run out and both of them are shot.
Making a final statement about not knowing what happened to Lola after the incident, Jersey wraps up his story from his current home, a jail cell.
Main cast
Yvonne De Carlo as Lola Montez
Dan Duryea as Charles E. Boles AKA Black Bart
Jeffrey Lynn as Lance Hardeen
Percy Kilbride as Jersey Brady
Lloyd Gough as Sheriff Gordon
Frank Lovejoy as Mark Lorimer
John McIntire as Clark
Don Beddoe as J.T. Hall
Ray Walker as MacFarland
Soledad Jiménez as Teresa
Eddy C. Waller as Ed Mason
Anne O'Neal as Mrs. Harmon
Chief Many Treaties as Indian
Eddie Acuff as Elkins
Earl Audet as Townsman
William Bailey as Townsman
Ray Bennett as Henry
Nina Campana as Mamacita
Tom Coleman as Wells Fargo Representative
Russ Conway as Wells Fargo Agent Clayton
Bert Davidson as Blake
George Douglas as Alcott
Franklyn Farnum as Al
Douglas Fowley as Sheriff Mix
Ray Harper as Townsman
Reed Howes as Bartender
Si Jenks as Tobacco-Chewing Barfly
Jack Kenny as Townsman
Milton Kibbee as Townsman
Kenneth Ross MacKenzie as Townsman
Paul Maxey as Townsman
Frank O'Connor as Wells Fargo Executive
William O'Leary as Wells Fargo Man
Artie Ortego as Townsman
Marshall Ruth as Bandleader
Everett Shields as Keller
George Sowards as Stage Driver
Ray Teal as Pete
Harry Tenbrook as Barfly
Jack Tornek as Townsman
Wayne C. Treadway as Townsman
Henry Wills as Ambush Deputy
Production
The script was based on a real life bandit. Universal announced the film in June 1946 saying that Charles Korvin might be cast and the film would be called Black Bart – Highwayman.
When Universal merged with International Pictures, the project was shelved, but it was revived in January 1947 under the title The Adventures of Black Bart. Luci Ward and Jack Natteford, who had written Badman's Territory, were assigned to write the script. Paul Malvern was initially supposed to produce for the film but Leonard Goldstein eventually got the job, his first as producer. George Sherma signed to direct.
In April 1947 Universal announced the lead roles were to be played by Yvonne de Carlo, Dan Duryea, and Edmond O'Brien. In June O'Brien dropped out to make Imagination (which became A Double Life) and was replaced by Jeffrey Lynn who had just finished his long-term career at Warners.
Parts of the film were shot in Kanab Canyon, Strawberry Valley, and Strawberry Point in Utah.
Reception
The film was popular at the box office.
Home media
The film is available on DVD in Europe, presented in PAL format where the film is sped-up slightly to fit this different format and has a runtime of 77 minutes. Most DVD-Rs of the movie made for North American purchasers use the same print from the PAL DVDs.
References
External links
1948 films
1948 Western (genre) films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by George Sherman
Films scored by Frank Skinner
Films scored by Leith Stevens
American Western (genre) films
Films shot in Utah
1940s American films
Red Letter Day is a 1976 British television anthology series screened on ITV, and produced by Granada Television. The series consists of seven stand alone teleplays that aired between 11 January 1976, and 22 February 1976.
Each teleplay examined the events in a single, special day in someone's life. The series first teleplay, "Ready When You Are, Mr. McGill", was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Single Drama in 1977.
Episodes
References
External links
Red Letter Day at IMDB
1970s British drama television series
1976 British television series debuts
1976 British television series endings
1970s British anthology television series
1970s British television miniseries
ITV miniseries
English-language television shows
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Granada Television
Imre Bodó (born 8 May 1962) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Csongrád County Regional List from 2007 to 2010. He represented Szeged (Constituency I) between 14 May 2010 and 5 May 2014. He was a member of the Committee on Agriculture between 2007 and 2010 and Committee on Sustainable Development from 2010 to 2012.
He served as the Mayor of Tiszasziget from 1998 to 2014.
Personal life
He is married and has two children.
References
1962 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Mayors of places in Hungary
People from Szeged
Marija Radosavljević (; born 18 July 1927) is a retired Yugoslav shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1948 Summer Olympics and 1952 Summer Olympics. She finished 7th at both Olympics. She was born in Valjevo.
References
1927 births
Living people
Yugoslav female shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Yugoslavia
Sportspeople from Valjevo
Benewah County () is a county located in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 United States Census the county had a population of 9,530. The county seat and largest city is St. Maries, which has some area inside the Coeur d'Alene Reservation.
The county was established on January 23, 1915, of land partitioned from Kootenai County. It was named for a chief of the Coeur d'Alene Tribe. The federally recognized Coeur d'Alene Tribe is based on the Coeur d'Alene Reservation in this and neighboring Kootenai County.
Geography
Benewah County lies on the west line of the state. Its west boundary line abuts the east boundary line of the state of Washington. The county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water. It is the northern part of the Palouse, a wide and rolling prairie-like region of the middle Columbia basin.
Adjacent counties
Spokane County, Washington – northwest
Kootenai County – north
Shoshone County – east
Latah County – south
Whitman County, Washington – southwest
Major highways
– US 95
– SH-3
– SH-5
– SH-6
– SH-58
– SH-60
National protected area
St. Joe National Forest (part)
State protected areas
Heyburn State Park
McCroskey State Park
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 9,171 people, 3,580 households, and 2,538 families in the county. The population density was 12 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,238 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 88.66% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 8.94% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.25% from other races, and 1.82% from two or more races. 1.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 26.6% were of German, 11.7% English, 9.5% American and 8.6% Irish ancestry.
There were 3,580 households, out of which 31.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.40% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.10% were non-families. 24.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.99.
The county population contained 26.90% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 25.40% from 25 to 44, 26.60% from 45 to 64, and 14.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 104.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,517, and the median income for a family was $36,000. Males had a median income of $35,097 versus $20,288 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,285. About 10.50% of families and 14.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.20% of those under age 18 and 9.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,285 people, 3,837 households, and 2,571 families in the county. The population density was . There were 4,629 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.6% white, 8.7% Native American, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.5% from other races, and 3.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.5% of the population. In terms of European ancestry, 23.7% were German, 17.5% were Irish, 14.6% were English, 7.1% were Norwegian, and 3.4% were American.
Of the 3,837 households, 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.0% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 44.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,500 and the median income for a family was $41,759. Males had a median income of $37,214 versus $22,348 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,312. About 11.2% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Benewah County voters tend to vote Republican in the last several decades. In only two national elections since 1968 has the county selected the Democratic Party candidate (as of 2020).
Communities
Cities
Plummer
St. Maries
Tensed
Census-designated places
De Smet
Parkline
Unincorporated communities
Alder Creek
Benewah
Cardwell
Chatcolet
Emida
Fernwood
Flat Creek
Hawleys Landing
Lotus
Mashburn
Meadowhurst
Miltown
Mowry
North South Ski Bowl
Omega
Pedee
Plummer Junction
Ramsdell
Renfrew
Riverdale
Rocky Point
Rover
Saint Joe
Sanders
Santa
Silvertip Landing
Tyson Creek Station
Wayland
Willard
Images
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Benewah County, Idaho
Notes
Idaho counties
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1915 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1915
George Goldsmith Cox (November 24, 1842 – February 19, 1920) was an American farmer and politician.
Born in Suffolk County, New York, Cox moved to Mineral Point, Wisconsin in 1850 and was a farmer. During the American Civil War, Cox served in the 2nd Wisconsin Cavalry Regiment. Cox served as chairman of the Mineral Point Town Board and superintendent of the poor. In 1879, 1880, 1885, and 1887, Cox served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. Cox died in Mineral Point, Wisconsin.
References
External links
1842 births
1920 deaths
People from Suffolk County, New York
People from Mineral Point, Wisconsin
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
</noinclude>
The Sovereign Military Order of Malta passport is a travel document issued to officials and diplomats of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (SMOM). The order issues biometric passports which are fully ICAO9303 compliant.
The application and printing processes are handled by the in Vienna, Austria.
Types of passport
The Sovereign Military Order of Malta issues two types of passport.
Diplomatic passports
Diplomatic passports of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta are issued only to the members of the Sovereign Council (the government of the Order) and to representatives of the Order's diplomatic corps (heads and members of diplomatic missions abroad as well as spouses of full-time diplomats and their minor children). The validity of the passport is strictly linked to the duration of the assignment. As of February 2018 there were approximately 500 passports in circulation. The numerous other members and volunteers of the Order remain citizens of their own respective countries with their national passports.
Among those who possess an Order of Malta diplomatic passport are:
The Grand Master (actual position vacant since April 2020; since 13 June 2022 Fra' John T. Dunlap who also has a Canadian passport holds that position as Lieutenant of the Grand Master).
The Grand Commander (since May 2019 Fra' Ruy Gonçalo do Valle Peixoto de Villas Boas who also has a Portuguese passport).
The Grand Chancellor (since May 2014 Albrecht Freiherr von Boeselager who also has a German passport).
Service passports
Service passports of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta are issued only to people who are in charge of a special mission within the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. The validity of the passport is strictly linked to the duration of the assignment. Currently, ten service passports are in use.
Physical appearance
Passport covers carry the text above the coat of arms, and or below it. Diplomatic passports are red, whereas service passports are black.
The country-code XOM has been assigned by the ICAO after consultation with the SMOM and the machine-readable zone thus starts with P<XOM.
Acceptance
The SMOM has diplomatic relations with 112 countries, which therefore accept the passport. In the Schengen area (where most of the extraterritorialities of the order are located) it is recognized by twenty-three (except for Denmark, France and Norway) out of 26 members.
See also
Vatican and Holy See passports
References
External links
Press release: The Order of Malta clarifies press reported figure on passports issue: currently 500 passports in circulation
Document: XOM-AD-02001 (PRADO)
Document: XOM-AS-02001 (PRADO)
Sovereign Military Order of Malta
Passports
International travel documents
Jeungsan-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Jeungsan-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
My Claim is the debut solo album by American Hip hop artist Yak Ballz. It was released on Feb 23, 2004 on Eastern Conference Records, with guest appearances from both Cage and Tame One.
Track listing
Notes and references
2004 albums
Yak Ballz albums
Eastern Conference Records albums
Ten Minutes Older is a 2002 film project consisting of two compilation feature films titled The Trumpet and The Cello. The project was conceived by the producer Nicolas McClintock as a reflection on the theme of time at the turn of the Millennium. Fifteen celebrated filmmakers were invited to create their own vision of what time means in ten minutes of film. The music for the compilations was composed by Paul Englishby, and performed by Hugh Masekela (trumpet) and Claudio Bohorques (cello).
The Trumpet was first screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. The Cello was premiered in the official Venice Film Festival 2002. Both films released internationally
The two films are dedicated to Herz Frank and Juris Podnieks (Camera) who made the 1978 short film, Ten Minutes Older. The original film and the feature film have been shown together on numerous occasions, including the Yamagata Film Festival in 2004, and the Spanish documentary film festival Punto de Vista in 2006.
Ten Minutes Older: The Trumpet
Directed by:
Aki Kaurismäki (segment "Dogs Have No Hell")
Víctor Erice (segment "Lifeline")
Werner Herzog (segment "Ten A Thousand Years Older")
Jim Jarmusch (segment "Int. Trailer. Night.")
Wim Wenders (segment "Twelve Miles to Trona")
Spike Lee (segment "We Wuz Robbed")
Chen Kaige (segment "100 Flowers Hidden Deep")
Ten Minutes Older: The Cello
Directed by:
Bernardo Bertolucci (segment "Histoire d'eaux")
Mike Figgis (segment "About Time 2")
Jirí Menzel (segment "One Moment")
István Szabó (segment "Ten Minutes After")
Claire Denis (segment "Vers Nancy")
Volker Schlöndorff (segment "The Enlightenment")
Michael Radford (segment "Addicted to the Stars", made by Daniel Craig)
Jean-Luc Godard (segment "Dans le noir du temps")
References
External links
Analysis of Jim Jarmusch's Int. Trailer. Night at http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayAbstract?fromPage=online&aid=8443890
2002 films
Films directed by Spike Lee
Films directed by Jim Jarmusch
Films directed by Werner Herzog
Films directed by Jean-Luc Godard
Films directed by Bernardo Bertolucci
Films directed by Volker Schlöndorff
Films directed by Wim Wenders
Films directed by Mike Figgis
Films directed by Víctor Erice
Films directed by Claire Denis
British independent films
Chinese anthology films
Films directed by István Szabó
Films scored by Jocelyn Pook
French anthology films
German anthology films
Spanish anthology films
British anthology films
American anthology films
2000s British films
Maria Ana de Sousa Leal da Costa (Évora, Portugal, November, 1964), is a Portuguese sculptor.
Life
She is the daughter of an artist mother, and an architect father, she studied in the Superior School of Fine Arts of Lisbon and exhibits her work since 1994.
Has a studio in Marvão, in Quinta do Barrieiro, Alentejo, Portugal, where she lives and works since 1999 and where she is developing her project, Alentejo sculpture park.
The books open doors for her to fly to unknown stops, where she finds much of her inspiration, showing how they are an open window to the world. Traveling companion of Camões, Fernão Mendes Pinto, Fernando Pessoa, Sophia de Mello Breyner, Gonçalo M. Tavares, among other writers, she carves her digressions on the iron, marble and bronze, inviting the public to join her in her flights, to transcend, discover and penetrate into the core, in order to contemplate and transmit, demystify and to make us the pedagogy of a fragile planet but always open to all of us.
She struggles with hard materials, as if it were paper, with its natural expressions, the oxides, the textures, the colours or the fractures, in a permanent asceticism to transmit the beautiful, the unimaginable that thrill us, moves us and transport us to a path full of endless discoveries. It takes us to an enchantment to hear the resonance of a world unknown to us and where we want to penetrate into an infinite space of its dreams, into free imagination.
Her works are part of numerous public and private collections, in Portugal, Belgium, Spain, China, United States, Lithuania, Italy.
"The stone flies, floats, runs, speaks... just like the words!", (Maria Leal da Costa).
Biography
Maria Leal da Costa was born in Évora, in 1964. She took the Interiors course at António Arroio School and between 1982 and 1986 attended the Sculpture course at Superior School of Fine Arts of Lisbon. She exhibits her work since 1994. She has a studio in Quinta do Barrieiro, Marvão, Portugal, where she lives and works since 1999.
Awards and Public Recognition
2015
Publication of the presentation of the sculpture “D'Amor”, in “Public Sculpture Guide of the City of Évora”, by the “Pró-Evora” Group
Nominated for the award – LUX Plastic Arts 2014
2014
First prize of the Annual Saloon of the National Society of Fine Arts (SNBA) for the “Correntes de água (Watercourses)” work
2013
“Career Recognition/Plastic Arts” Prize, “Mais Alentejo” Gala
2011
Publication of the book “VOAR, poems and pictures resting on the sculptures of Maria Leal da Costa”
2008
She was awarded the “Mais Artes” prize at “Mais Alentejo” Gala
2007
Portugal's representative at Stone Sculpture Symposium Vilnoja 2007, Lithuania, with the organization acquiring the work “O Poder do Silêncio (The Power of Silence)”
2006
“Abanico”, selected sculpture for the VIII “Certame de Artes Plásticas Sala el Brocense da Diputación de Cáceres”, Spain
2004
Spain, 1st place in the XI Iberian Award of Sculpture, City of Punta Umbría
Spain, Vigo, honorable mention, Conxemar II Plastic Arts Competition
Spain, selected for the International Competition of Sculpture in the Culture House in Villafranca de los Barros
Spain, Salinas, selected for the III Bienal Internacional de Arte de la Mar
2003
1st place in the public competition for the conception and execution of the monument to the Alter-Real Horse in Alter do Chão, Portugal
Spain, selected for the X Iberian Award of Sculpture, City of Punta Umbría, Spain
2002
Participation in the symposium and workshop held by the Municipality of Vila Viçosa, Portugal
Individual Exhibitions
2015
“Leituras líticas (Lithic Readings)”, Belgium, Brussels, Brasil House
“Pontos de Partida (Starting Points)” Portugal, Marvão Castle and Village
2014
Land Art Exhibition: “A vida tranquila, o verde da serra, o brilho do luar (The quiet life, the green of the mountain, the moonlight shining”, Portugal, Portalegre, Tarro Garden
“A essência das coisas - esculturas habitáveis (The essence of things – habitable sculptures)”, Portugal, Portalegre Castle
“Pontos de Partida (Starting Points)” Portugal, Marvão Castle and Village
Certame Art Shopping, Caroussel du Louvre, Paris
2013
“Debaixo destas asas me aconchego (Cozy under these wings)”, China, Macau, Albergue Gallery SCM
Land art exhibition: “A vida tranquila, o verde da serra, o brilho do luar (The quiet life, the green of the mountain, the moonlight shining)”, Portalegre, Tarro Garden
2012
“Voar (To fly)”, Évora, Municipal Museum
“Un dialogo famigliare”, Italy, Roma, Instituto Portoghese di Sant´Antonio
“Flor da realeza (Royal flower)”, Odivelas, Municipal Gallery
“A beleza no silêncio de um olhar (The beauty in the silence of a look)”, Oleiros, Municipal Gallery
2011
“Instalação Voar (To Fly Installation)”, Évora, Municipal Museum
“As quatro partes das esferas (The four parts of the spheres)” Lisbon, São Mamede Gallery
“O contorno elementar (Elementary outline)”, Redondo, São Paulo da Serra d'Ossa Convent
“Ikebana”, Barcelos, Municipal Gallery
2010
“Voar (To Fly)”, Latvia, Riga, Ventspils and Jurmala cities
“Ritmanálise”, Porto, City Council
“Velas são asas que apontam para o céu (Candles are wings that point to the sky)”, Vila Franca de Xira, Municipal Gallery
2009
She integrated the “Vilnius European Capital of Culture” in Lithuania, invited by Meno Nisa Gallery, with the exhibition “To Fly”, in the cities of Vilnius, Kaunas and Klaipeda
2008
“Fernão Mendes Pinto”, Matosinhos
“Pedro e Inês”, Alter do Chão Castle
Tribute to the painter Charrua, Lisbon, Portalegre tapestries Gallery
Lisbon, Assembly of the Portuguese Republic
2007
“Enlaces (Links)”, Spain, Sevilha e Belgium, Brussels, integrated in the Portuguese Presidency of the European Union, and supported by the Luso-Spanish Foundation
2006
“Primavera (Spring)”, Belgium, Brussels, Orfeu bookstore
United States of America, California, Benicia, Gina Sequeira Gallery
Porto, Galeria Belmonte20 Gallery
“Vibrações (Vibrations)”, Óbidos
Lisbon, ViniPortugal
2004
Lisbon, Portuguese Communities Center
“Alcultur”, Portalegre, Sta. Clara Convent
2003
Spain, Chiclana, House of Culture
Spain, Badajoz, Colegio dos Arquitectos
Portalegre, Sta Clara Convent
Portalegre, Tapestries Museum
2002
Alter do Chão, Gallery of Alter Real Stud Farm
Évora, Gallery of the Directorate General for Cultural Heritage
2001
“Chegar (To arrive)”, China, Macau, International Institute of Macau, 1st Meeting of the Macanese Communities
Spain, Villar del Rey
Lisbon, Sta. Marta Hospital Church
Évora, Lóios Pousada
2000 to 1995
Monsaraz, Santiago Church; United States of America, Califórnia
Ponte de Sor, Municipal Gallery
Lisboa, Pomar dos Artistas
Portalegre, Álamo Gallery
Collective exhibitions
2015
TAG bxl, Belgium, Brussels
2014
"5th Essence - International Exhibition of Contemporary Art", Batalha, D. João I Cloister of the Monastery of Batalha
Santarém, 55 Galleries
2013
“Portas Abertas (Open Doors)”, Évora, Eugénio de Almeida Foundation
Algarve, Private Gallery
Castelo de Vide, Nossa Senhora da Esperança Foundation
Porto, Solar de Sto. António Gallery
Santarém, 55 Galleries
2012
England, London, Debut Contemporary Art Gallery
Almansil, Cultural Center of São Lourenço
Santarém, 55 Galleries
2011
“Arte Pintada a letras (Art Painted in Letters)”, Espinho, Municipal Museum
2009
“Escultura Livre (Free Sculpture)”, Amadora
“D. Afonso Henriques – Celebration of the 900 years since his birth”, Porto, Vieira Portuense Gallery
2008
Évora, S. Vicente Church
Famalicão, Camiliano Museum
Lisbon, Hibiscus Gallery
“Escultura Livre (Free Sculpture)”, Loures
2007
Caminha, “Arte na Leira” Meeting
“Escultura Livre (Free Sculpture)”, Famalicão
Lisbon and Porto, São Mamede Gallery
2006
Caminha, “Arte na Leira” Meeting
Lisbon, São Mamede Gallery
Marvão, Municipal Gallery
2005
Lisboa, Magia Imagem Gallery
Porto, Foz Castle
2004
Lisbon, Palace of Independence
2003
Lisbon, Magia Imagem Gallery
2002
Azores, Ponta Delgada, F.T.E. Gallery
Lisbon, Alma Lusa Gallery
Vila Viçosa, Marble Museum
2000 a 1995
Lisbon, Palace of Independence
Portalegre, São Francisco Convent
Public Works
2013
Public Tactile Sculptures: “Centro histórico de Penafiel (Historical center of Penafiel)”, located in front of the City Council of Penafiel
Public Tactile Sculptures: “Marvão Village”, located at the entrance of the village
2011
“Francisco Caldeira Amieiro”, Portalegre
“Dr. Carlos Vacas de Carvalho”, Portalegre
2009
D'Amor”, Évora, city's roundabout
2007
“1º Conde de Ervideira”, Évora, Vendinha square
2006
“Paul Harris”, Lisbon, São João de Brito Church Garden
“Jogo de Memórias”, Portalegre, City Council
2005
Public Tactile Sculpture: “Belém Tower”, Lisbon, garden in front of the Belém tower
Alter do Chão, “Alter Real horse”
2004
“Chestnut tree”, Marvão, Portagem roundabout
“Lusitano Horse”, Portalegre, Campo da Feira roundabout
“Muse”, Castelo de Vide, 25 de Abril garden
2002
“Lusitano Horse”, Portalegre
Custom sculptures
2012
COTEC Award, Business Association for Innovation
“Justice”, Iustitia award, Silva e Sousa & Associados Law Firm
2010
“Justice”, Iustitia award, Silva e Sousa & Associados Law Firm
2009
“Justice”, Iustitia award, Silva e Sousa & Associados Law Firm
2008
“Justice”, Iustitia award, Silva e Sousa & Associados Law Firm
“Family”, sculpture for UNICEF
References
External links
https://portocanal.sapo.pt/noticia/48530/
https://diariodigital.sapo.pt/news.asp?id_news=753631
http://www.cmjornal.xl.pt/cultura/detalhe/escultora-maria-leal-da-costa-expoe-na-galeria-sao-mamede.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20150217204351/http://nofemininonegocios.com/maria-leal-da-costa-expoe-em-lisboa.phtml
https://visao.sapo.pt/maria-leal-da-costa-expoe-em-bruxelas-esculturas-inspiradas-na-literatura-portuguesa=f806547
http://www.igogo.pt/escultura-de-maria-leal-da-costa/
http://www.livrariaorfeu.com/
http://memoria-africa.ua.pt/Catalog.aspx?q=TI%20maria%20leal%20da%20costa
http://www.portalalentejano.com/pontos-de-partida-exposicao-de-escultura-de-maria-leal-da-costa-e-concertos-em-marvao/
http://www.saomamede.com/artista.php?id_artista=205
https://web.archive.org/web/20150226174857/http://www.lusojornal.com/unebe.pdf
http://www.noticiasaominuto.com/cultura/327546/maria-leal-da-costa-premiada-pela-sociedade-de-belas-artes
1964 births
Living people
People from Évora
20th-century Portuguese sculptors
21st-century Portuguese sculptors
Jesús Sanoja Hernández (Tumeremo, Bolívar state 27 June 1930 - Caracas, 9 June 2007), was a Venezuelan journalist, historian and writer, who authored Entre golpes y revoluciones (2007).
Works
Entre golpes y revoluciones (2007).
External links
Review about Sanoja Hernández at Correodelcaroni.com
1930 births
2007 deaths
Venezuelan journalists
Venezuelan literary critics
Venezuelan male writers
20th-century Venezuelan historians
Central University of Venezuela alumni
Central University of Venezuela faculty
20th-century male writers
20th-century journalists
The Maramag River is located in the province of Bukidnon in the Northern Mindanao region of the Mindanao island group, in the southern Philippines.
Course
The river flows through the town of Maramag. The Maramag River is a tributary of Pulangi Lake and the Pulangi River.
See also
References
Rivers of the Philippines
Landforms of Bukidnon
Oded Béjà is a professor in the Technion- Israel Institute of Technology, in the field of marine microbiology and metagenomics. Oded Béjà is best known for discovering the first bacterial rhodopsin naming it proteorhodopsin, during his postdoctoral fellowship in the laboratory of Edward DeLong. Oded Béjà's laboratory focuses currently on the role and diversity of photosynthetic viruses infecting cyanobacteria in the oceans, and the use of functional metagenomics for the discovery of new light sensing proteins. Recently the team of Oded Beja discovered a new family of rhodopsins with an inverted membrane topology, which can be found in bacteria, algae, algal viruses and archaea. Members of the new family were named heliorhodopsins.
Early life and education
Oded Béjà graduated with a B.Sc. degree from the Robert H. Smith Faculty of Agriculture, Food and Environment - Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He earned his M.Sc and Ph.D from the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1998.
Honoraria, Fellowships, and Memberships
Editorial board of the International Society for Microbial Ecology
Faculty Member of the Year 2012 by Faculty of 1000.
EMBO Young Investigator 2002-2004
American Society for Photobiology 2002 New Investigator Award.
Ranked 443 in the Ranking of scientists in Israel Institutions according to their Google Scholar Citations public profiles
References
Israeli microbiologists
Living people
1964 births
Oliver Zahn is US/German theoretical astrophysicist, data scientist, and entrepreneur, best known for developing algorithms for astrophysical data analysis and widely cited discoveries of phenomena in the history of the Universe. He is also known for his more recent work as founder and CEO of Climax Foods, a California-based biotechnology company modeling dairy and other animal products directly from plant ingredients. Prior to becoming an entrepreneur, Zahn directed UC Berkeley's Center for Cosmological Physics alongside George Smoot and Saul Perlmutter and was Head of Data Science at Google
Early life and education
Zahn was born in Munich and studied physics and philosophy at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, doing his Diploma thesis in theoretical astrophysics jointly at Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics and New York University, graduating summa cum laude. He went on to do his dissertation work in cosmology at Harvard University, before winning the inaugural prize fellowship at UC Berkeley's Center for Cosmological Physics, funded directly by the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physics.
Career
Industry career
In 2019, Oliver founded Climax Foods to replace animal foods with dairy and meat directly produced from plants, circumventing the animals' complex metabolisms and thereby reducing greenhouse gases and water use caused by animal agriculture. Climax aims to outcompete animal products by offering zero-compromise alternatives that are purely plant-based, yet indistinguishable in terms of taste and texture, and better than their animal-based competitors in terms of nutrition and price.
Academic career
Zahn has worked on a broad range of topics in theoretical, computational, and observational astrophysics and cosmology. Working with multiple multi-national collaborations, he has co-authored more than 100 peer-reviewed journal articles with more than 14,000 citations and a h-index of 68.
As an undergraduate at Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics, Zahn studied the early Universe and constrained deviations from the laws of gravity and electro-magnetism during the Big Bang.
While a doctoral student at Harvard University, Zahn and co-authors Smith and Dore detected, for the first time, gravitational lensing in the cosmic microwave background. The finding has since been confirmed by teams analyzing data from the Planck, Polarbear, and SPT telescopes
In a separate series of papers Zahn introduced statistical measures to use redshifted 21 cm radiation to study otherwise inaccessible periods of the Universe's structure formation. He invented a novel simulation framework to study galaxy formation in the cosmic web, yielding orders of magnitude performance gains compared to previous ray tracing frameworks, enabling exploration of much larger parameter spaces.
While leading analyses for the University of Chicago and University of California, Berkeley, based South Pole Telescope collaboration, Zahn and his team showed that the first galaxies formed more explosively than previously thought.
References
Astrophysicists
Data scientists
Businesspeople from Munich
Observational astronomy
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
James N. Purcell Jr. (born 1938) is the author of "We're in Danger! Who Will Help Us? Refugees and Migrants: A Test of Civilization" (2019).The book is a history of events and teamwork among members of the U.S. refugee programs bureau and its protection and resettlement programs, domestic and with international cooperation. It includes data and commentary on U.S. refugee policies from bygone eras up to the Fall of Saigon, then to the war in Syria that dispersed populations in-country, regionally, and worldwide. After retiring from IOM, Purcell returned to the United States and served until 2022 as board chair of the USA for IOM.
He was United StatesDirector of the Bureau of Refugee Programs from 1983 to 1986, a bureau whose design and implementation he was assigned to create in 1979 and where he stayed until leaving for Geneva, Switzerland in 1988, to become director-general of the International Organization for Migration, an office he held for two terms-1988 to 1998.
Biography
Purcell was born in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1938 and raised in Tennessee and Florida. He was educated at Furman University and was awarded a fellowship to Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University, where he earned the M.P.A. In 2019, Maxwell awarded Jim the Alumni Award.
Purcell worked in public affairs for his entire career, serving in every presidential administration from John F. Kennedy to Ronald Reagan. After serving in the Office of Management and Budget, he moved to the United States Department of State in 1978. There, he worked in management before being assigned to U.S. refugee and immigration policy related to the Indochinese refugees, as well as refugees of other humanitarian disasters.
In 1983, President of the United States Ronald Reagan nominated Purcell as Director of the Bureau of Refugee Programs, and he held this office from June 12, 1983, to September 28, 1986.
In 1988, Purcell became Director General of the International Organization for Migration in Geneva, a post he held until 1998, having been re-nominated by Bill Clinton and reelected. Among awards he received while at the International Organization for Migration (IOM) were The Order of the Phoenix (Greece) and Wings of Hope (USAIM).
Since 1998, he has worked as an adviser for foreign governments dealing with refugee crises.
References
Profile from Council for a Community of Democracies
Open Library Profile
1938 births
Living people
American diplomats
Furman University alumni
Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs alumni
Ara Nigoyan (born 27 October 1968) is a retired football defender and midfielder from Armenia. He obtained a total number of three caps for the national team. Nigoyan made his debut on 14 October 1992 against Moldova (0–0).
References
1968 births
Living people
Armenian footballers
Armenia international footballers
Association football defenders
Soviet footballers
FC Ararat Yerevan players
Guepiniopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Dacrymycetaceae. The genus contains about seven widely distributed species. Guepiniopsis was circumscribed by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1883.
References
Dacrymycetes
Taxa named by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard
Taxa described in 1883
Kennedy Park (originally known as South Park) is a historic park located in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is bounded by South Main Street, Bradford Avenue, Middle, and Bay Streets in the southern part of the city. The area of the city where the park is located was until 1862, part of Rhode Island.
History
The park was originally the farm of John Durfee. The location gained national attention in December 1832, when the pregnant lifeless body of Sarah M. Cornell was found hanging from a stackpole there. Her death was later deemed to be murder. Methodist minister Ephraim K. Avery was accused of the crime, but acquitted after a sensational trial. The verdict outraged many local citizens. Sarah's body was initially buried on the Durfee farm, but moved years later to Oak Grove Cemetery when the park was being built.
Built in 1868, designed by famed 19th century landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux, the park was originally known as "South Park". It was updated in 1904 by the Olmsted Brothers. The park was renamed in 1963 following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The park provides a vast area of open space in the middle of a particularly dense portion of the city, surrounded by many triple-decker working-class tenement houses and the Catholic St. Anne's Church.
Description
The park has three sections: a flat upper section used for baseball and recreation fields, a sloping middle portion with sweeping views of Mount Hope Bay, and a lower somewhat wooded portion along the Bay.
The park was added to the National Historic Register in 1983. It was restored in 2001.
Kennedy Park has long been used a place for public events in the city.
In September 1996, over 25,000 people gathered in the lower portion of the park to see then President Bill Clinton during a campaign stop for his 1996 re-election.
Each August since 1986, the park hosts the Great Holy Ghost Feast of New England, a celebration of Azorean culture which attracts over 200,000 people each year.
In 2014, an "inclusion playground" opened in Kennedy Park, which features equipment accessible to children with disabilities. The park includes a partially fenced playground area with slides, a seesaw, and mini monkey bars. An empty ice skating rink provides a place for children to ride bicycles.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
List of Olmsted works
References
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Fall River, Massachusetts
Parks in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Tourist attractions in Fall River, Massachusetts
1868 establishments in Massachusetts
The 1969–70 season was Aberdeen's 57th season in the top flight of Scottish football and their 59th season overall. Aberdeen competed in the Scottish League Division One, Scottish League Cup and Scottish Cup, which they won for the second time, beating Celtic 3–1 at Hampden Park.
Squad
Appearances & Goals
|}
Results
Own goals in italics
Division 1
Final standings
Scottish League Cup
Group 2
Group 2 final table
Quarter final
Scottish Cup
References
AFC Heritage Trust
Aberdeen F.C. seasons
Aberdeen
Pankaj Sharma is a British Professor of Clinical Neurology at Royal Holloway College, University of London, and consultant neurologist at Imperial College London. He is director of the Institute of Cardiovascular Research at Royal Holloway (ICR2UL), and formerly head of the Imperial College Cerebrovascular Research Unit (ICCRU) at Imperial College London. His main interest is in identifying genes for stroke.
He was president of the British Fulbright Scholars Association and is currently Medical Advisor of the UK national young stroke victim charity Different Strokes, co-founder and treasurer of the South Asian Health Foundation (1998). He is a Fellow of the Medical Society of London, editor-in-chief of the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine Cardiovascular Disease and president of the London Cardiovascular Society (2009).
Education
Sharma studied medicine at London University from 1983 to 1988 and holds two doctorates, a PhD from Gonville and Caius College, University of Cambridge in 1998 and a Doctorate in Medicine from London University in 2003. In 1998 he was the recipient of a Fulbright Scholarship at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital. He holds a diploma in the history of medicine from the Worshipful Society of Apothecaries. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 2007 and is a Royal College examiner.
Research
He is a researcher in the field of stroke and is particularly interested in its genetical basis. He has established a large international biobank of stroke from the UK, India and the Middle East with the aim of trying to better understand the causes of stroke in ethnic minorities, especially those of South Asian descent.
He is the author of some 100 original papers and is the co-editor of two books: Stroke Genetics (Springer 2014) and Clinical Pharmacology (Churchill Livingstone 2012) which is now in its eleventh edition.
Sharma has been a commentator for news media including the BBC and CNN International on medical issues especially relating to stroke. He has been interviewed on the subject of brain disease in prominent individuals including Ariel Sharon, Michael Schumacher and Jules Bianchi.
Awards
Sharma received a British Heart Foundation Clinician Scientist award in 1997, and in 2010 he was one of the recipients of the Hind Rattan award.
In 2015, he was named the UK's top Asian doctor at the annual British Indian Awards.
Personal life
He was born in Delhi, the son of Kewal Krishan Sharma (Indian Foreign diplomatic service who served under three prime ministers, Nehru, Shastri and Indira Gandhi) and Janak Sharma (Bank of England). Under his grandfather, Bihari Lal Sharma, the family was noted for holding the licence for Kodak prior to India's partition. He is chairman of the UK charity founded by his family, Lotus Partners Foundation. He lists his hobbies as debating, fencing and playing polo and describes himself as 'generous, disciplined and maverick'. Sharma lives in London with his doctor wife and two children, Aarti (daughter) and Shyam (son).
Private practice
Sharma has a neurology private practice in Harley Street.
References
British neurologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Young Green(s) usually refers to a youth wing of a Green political party or federation thereof, or a youth organisation espousing Green principles.
It may refer to the following organisations (or members thereof):
Young Greens of Aotearoa New Zealand
Young Greens of Canada
Young Greens of England and Wales
Young Greens (Ireland)
Young Greens (Italy)
Young Greens (Sweden)
Young Greens of the United States
Young Green (Flanders)
Federation of Young European Greens
Global Young Greens
Young Greens (New Zealand) (formerly associated with Wild Greens)
Queensland Young Greens (Australia)
See also
Green Youth (disambiguation)
:Category:Youth wings of green parties
Andrea Badami (1913–2002) was an American painter who became "an internationally known folk artist." His work can be seen at the Museum of Nebraska Art. He received no formal art education, since his parents considered it a waste of time.
References
1913 births
2002 deaths
People from Omaha, Nebraska
Painters from Nebraska
Painters from Arizona
20th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American male artists
Erigeron oxyphyllus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name wand fleabane. It is native to northwestern Mexico (state of Sonora) and the southwestern United States (mostly Arizona but with a few populations in the Whipple Mountains just west of the Colorado River in California).
Erigeron oxyphyllus is a branching perennial herb up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves and the stem are covered with hairs. The plant generally produces 1-3 flower heads per stem, each head with 12–45 white, blue, or lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
Flora of Arizona
oxyphyllus
Plants described in 1895
Flora of Sonora
Flora of California
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
is a railway station in Hōfu, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Hōfu Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1898
Hōfu, Yamaguchi
Louis Ferdinand Gottschalk (October 7, 1864 – July 15, 1934) was an American composer and conductor born in St. Louis, Missouri. The son of a Missouri governor, also named Louis, he studied music in Stuttgart, Germany, where his father, a judge, was American consul. Louis Moreau Gottschalk was his great-uncle.
Career
He came to attention as conductor of the U.S. premiere of Franz Lehár's The Merry Widow. He was a pioneer of original film music, largely due to his work with independent filmmaker L. Frank Baum, for whom he composed the musical, The Tik-Tok Man of Oz, to Baum's libretto, which producer Oliver Morosco decided not to bring to Broadway after only modest success in Los Angeles. The show ran in 1913 and closed in early 1914, by which time Baum and Gottschalk were discussing getting involved in the nascent film industry that had been springing up in Hollywood, where both had been living at the time.
Baum, as president, with Gottschalk, as vice president, Harry Marston Haldeman as secretary, and Clarence R. Rundel as treasurer, founded The Oz Film Manufacturing Company in 1914 as an outgrowth of Haldeman's men's social group, The Uplifters, which met at the Los Angeles Athletic Club. As co-producer, Gottschalk composed the earliest known feature length film scores for The Patchwork Girl of Oz, The Magic Cloak of Oz, His Majesty, the Scarecrow of Oz, and The Last Egyptian (all 1914), at a time when cue sheets were the norm. He also wrote several stage musicals with Baum for The Uplifters, including Stagecraft, or, The Adventures of a Strictly Moral Man (1914), High Jinks (1914), The Uplift of Lucifer, or Raising Hell: An Allegorical Squazosh (1915), Blackbird Cottages (1916), and The Orpheus Road Show: A Paraphrastic Compendium of Mirth (1917).
After the Oz company dissolved, Gottschalk went on to work with D. W. Griffith, arranging cue sheets for Broken Blossoms (1919) and composing a score for Orphans of the Storm (1921). Other major films for which he contributed scores include The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, The Three Musketeers, Little Lord Fauntleroy (all 1921), and Romola (1924). He composed a score for Charles Chaplin's A Woman of Paris (1923), but Chaplin replaced it with a score of his own when Chaplin re-released the film in 1976.
Death
Gottschalk died of a stroke of paralysis at his Los Angeles home on July 16, 1934 at the age of 70.
Additional works
The Liberty Belles, book and lyrics by Harry B. Smith, music by John W. Bratton, Clifton Crawford, Aimee Lachaume, Harry Von Tilzer, A. Baldwin Sloane, Louis F. Gottschalk, William J. Accooe (1875–1904), and Mae Anwerda Sloane, 1901.
Cinderella and the Prince, or The Castle of Heart's Desire - A Fairy Excuse for Songs and Dances in 3 Acts, co-composed with Edward W. Carliss, lyrics by D.K. Stevnes and. R.A. Barnett, additional musical numbers by D.J. Sullivan, J. S. Chapman, and D.K. Stevens, White-Smith Music Publishing Company, 1904.
Broadway conducting credits
The Ameer Dec 4, 1899 - Jan 20, 1900
The Messenger Boy Sep 16, 1901 - Jan 4, 1902
The Toreador Jan 6, 1902 - May 3, 1902
Red Feather Nov 9, 1903 - Apr 1904
The Cingalee Oct 24, 1904 - Nov 19, 1904
The Gingerbread Man Dec 25, 1905 - May 26, 1906
The Rich Mr. Hoggenheimer Oct 22, 1906 - Mar 30, 1907
Dream City Dec 24, 1906 - Mar 23, 1907
The Merry Widow Oct 21, 1907 - Oct 17, 1908
Old Dutch Nov 22, 1909 - Feb 5, 1910
The Red Rose Jun 22, 1911 - Sep 1911
Gypsy Love Oct 17, 1911 - Nov 11, 1911
Modest Suzanne Jan 1, 1912 - Jan 20, 1912
The Century Girl Nov 6, 1916 - Apr 28, 1917
References
External links
1864 births
1934 deaths
American film score composers
American male film score composers
Musicians from St. Louis
The 2010 Rally Sweden was the opening round of the 2010 World Rally Championship season. It was the season's first and only event held on snow- and ice-covered gravel roads. The rally was held over February 11–14, beginning with a Super Special Stage in the event's base town of Karlstad. The rally was also the first round of both the Production Car World Rally Championship, and the brand-new Super 2000 World Rally Championship.
The rally was the first to incorporate the new points system introduced to all classes for the 2010 season. The system sees 25 points awarded for first, 18 for second, with third receiving 15, 12 for fourth and then ten, eight, six, four, two, and one for tenth place.
Mikko Hirvonen won the rally, taking the twelfth win of his career. Hirvonen took six stage wins over the course of the rally, leading overall from Stage 5 onwards. Reigning world champion Sébastien Loeb finished second, some 42 seconds behind the Finn, with Hirvonen's teammate Jari-Matti Latvala completing the podium in third place. Further back, Marcus Grönholm returned to a WRC event, but finished outside of the points in 21st position. Formula One world champion Kimi Räikkönen made his second start in a WRC rally, and his first at the wheel of a contemporary World Rally Car. Räikkönen lost over half an hour to the leading drivers when his car got stuck in an area of soft snow, and was forced to dig himself out on day one. He never recovered the time lost and finished 29th overall.
In the inaugural SWRC event, Per-Gunnar Andersson held off the challenges of Janne Tuohino and Martin Prokop to win the rally. Prokop also earned an overall stage win, when he completed the second run through the Hagfors Sprint stage in the fastest time. In the PWRC, Patrik Flodin won by over a minute from Anders Grøndal, with Armindo Araújo over five minutes behind the Swede in third.
Results
Event standings
Special stages
Standings after the rally
Standings
Drivers' championship
Manufacturers' championship
SWRC Drivers' championship
WRC Cup for Super 2000 Teams championship
PWRC Drivers' championship
References
External links
Results at eWRC.com
Sweden
Swedish Rally
Rally
The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Namibia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Namibia, and head of the UK's diplomatic mission in Windhoek.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between the United Kingdom and Namibia are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.
High Commissioners to Namibia
1990–1992: Sir Francis Richards
1992–1996: Henry Hogger
1996–1998: Glyn Davies
1999–2002: Brian Donaldson
2002–2007: Alasdair MacDermott
2007–2011: Mark Bensberg
2011–2015: Marianne Young
2015–2017: Joanne Lomas
2018–2021: Kate Airey
2021-: Charles Moore
References
External links
UK and Namibia, gov.uk
Namibia
United Kingdom
Ypsolopha chazariella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Latvia, Lithuania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania and France. It has also been recorded from Finland, and it is thought that it was introduced to northern Europe with its food plant, which is a common decorative plant in Europe.
The larvae feed on Acer tatarica. Larvae can be found from late May to the middle of June.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Serious Men is a 2010 drama fiction novel written by journalist Manu Joseph. The story follows Ayyan Mani, a middle-aged Dalit working as an assistant to a Brahmin astronomer at the Institute of Theory and Research in Mumbai. He lives in a slum with his wife and a son. Furious at his situation in life, Ayyan develops an outrageous story that his 10-year-old son is a mathematical genius – a lie which later gets out of control.
It won the inaugural The Hindu Literary Prize and the 2011 PEN Open Book Award. It was also shortlisted for Man Asian Literary Prize and Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize.
Development
Joseph said that Indian English writers "usually take a very sympathetic and compassionate view of the poor, and I find that fake and condescending." He felt that the poor in India are "increasingly very empowered, and the time has come when the novel can portray them in a more realistic way."
Reception
Tobin Hershaw of The New York Times called the novel "smart and funny". Peter Carty of The Independent felt that the novel "elegantly describes collisions with an unyielding status quo, ably counterpointing the frustrations of the powerless with the unfulfilling realities of power." Bhavana Sharma of The Hindu wrote: "Manu Joseph's novel hammers in the hopelessness, boredom and desperate ambitions of suburban Dalit community in Bombay, and he weaves an interesting and funny satire on the academia of science, love and revenge." Nick Rennison of The Times called it a "bitter, comic novel". Further saying that the novel "skewers a society where new ambitions and older class divisions co-exist."
Adaptions
Serious Men has been adapted into a play by Nikhila Kesavan in Chennai.
In September 2017, it was announced that Sudhir Mishra will be adapting the novel into a feature film with Bhavesh Mandalia writing the screenplay. In 2018, Netflix announced that it will be backing the screen adaptation by Mishra. The eponymous film directed by Mishra and starring Nawazuddin Siddiqui, playing the role of Ayyan Mani opposite actress Indira Tiwari was produced by Bombay Fables and Cineraas Entertainment. It premiered on Netflix on 2 October, 2020.
References
External links
Serious Men at Goodreads
2010 Indian novels
Indian fiction
Indian English-language novels
Satirical novels
Indian novels adapted into films
Indian novels adapted into plays
2010 debut novels
Wolf Pen is an unincorporated community in Wyoming County, West Virginia, United States, along Indian Creek.
The community took its name from the wolf pen, a device used to trap wolves.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Wyoming County, West Virginia
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti SpA (CDP) is a prominent Italian investment bank founded on November 20, 1850, in Turin. Its main duty was to finance public works like roads and waterworks during the reign of Victor Emmanuel II of Italy, King of Sardinia-Piedmont.
CDP is the major Italian institution for economic development through long-term investments at local, regional and national level and acts as the government's arm for executing public policy mandates.
It is among the founders (with Caisse des Dépots, KfW and European Investment Bank) of the Long-Term Investors Club, a group that gathers 18 major financial institutions and institutional investors from all over the world mainly from G20 countries.
History
The institution was initially created under the name Cassa Piemontese by Act of the Parliament of the Kingdom of Sardinia No. 1097 of 18 November 1850. Its main purpose was to mobilise capital received by the State through private savings collection channels for public utility works. In 1857, it was reorganised for the first time at the instigation of the first Cavour government.
After the unification of Italy, in 1863 it began to incorporate similar banks in the other states that gradually merged into the kingdom and followed, with its own headquarters, the relocation of the Italian capital, first to Florence and then to Rome. The bank gradually expanded its operations, offering new savings instruments, the proceeds of which were used for the CDP's institutional objectives, such as the construction of the Rome-Naples direct railway.
In 1875, Finance Minister Quintino Sella created the post office savings banks, which used the network of post offices to collect savings from the less affluent social classes, who did not have access to banks, especially in the countryside: deposits were made through postal savings books. 1896 saw the start of the issuance of the so-called Cartelle Postali, a form of public debt securities intended to consolidate the deficits of local public authorities, and two years later the Cassa was transformed into a general directorate of the Ministry of the Treasury.
Francesco Saverio Nitti founded Crediop in 1919, in which the CDP held the largest shareholding. Similarly, in 1924 the Cassa participated in the establishment of the ICIPU. In 1924, postal savings bonds (buoni fruttiferi postali) were issued for the first time, securities with a fixed and guaranteed yield in small denominations so that even minimal investments could be collected; this issue was so successful that the issue of Ordinary Treasury Bonds was temporarily suspended. In the following year, postal savings bonds were also issued in dollars and sterling, mainly intended for emigrants.
Over time, the legal form of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti also changed: it started out as a bank, albeit under the aegis of the State, but was first transformed into a general directorate of the Ministry of the Treasury (1898) and then became fully autonomous with the enactment of Law No 197 of 13 May 1983, after which it was recognised as having its own legal status, distinct from that of the State, with Law No 68 of 19 March 1993.
Decree Law No. 269 of 30 September 2003 transformed it into a joint-stock company by taking over the rights and obligations of the institution; the law also stipulated that a ministerial decree would regulate the functions and activities of the new company. The regulation was then issued by Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 5 December 2003. This allowed 65 banking foundations to join the shareholding structure, which were allocated preferred stocks amounting to 30% of the share capital.
On 1 January 2006, the operational structure changed again with the incorporation by Cassa Depositi e Prestiti of the Infrastrutture S.p.A. company, which had been established by CDP in 2002 for the purpose of financing, in various forms, the construction of infrastructure and large public works. Its sphere of operations encompasses various sectors: from large-scale industry to international cooperation, from the development of small and medium-sized enterprises to the support of their growth in size and internationalisation, from the support of public administration to the management of real estate, from the regeneration of tangible and intangible infrastructure to the facilitation of energy efficiency and technology transfer.
On 5 December 2018, the 2019-2021 Business Plan was approved with the aim of mobilising resources of €200 billion over three years to support businesses, infrastructure and the region.
In October 2019, Giovanni Gorno Tempini, who served as CEO of CDP from 2010 to 2015, was appointed chairman, taking over from Massimo Tononi, the former Goldman Sachs banker who resigned on the grounds of incompatibility with CEO Fabrizio Palermo.
In July 2022, rating agency Moody's cut the outlook from stable to negative, along with 13 other Italian financial institutions.
Assets
CDP is today the third largest Italian bank according to the value of the total assets owned by the group (around 510 billion euros in 2020), after the banks UniCredit and Intesa Sanpaolo. Cassa Depositi e Prestiti manages the entire Italian Postal savings that represent its first source of financial resources. These resources are used by the bank to lend money to the Italian State or local governments, acquire strategic equities and invest in financial, infrastructural and economical projects considered strategic for the development of the Italian economy.
Data
Financial results
Long-term rating
S&P's: BBB
Moody's: Baa3
Fitch: BBB
Scope: BBB+
Shareholders
82.77% of the share capital is owned by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, the 15.93% is held by various banking foundations and the remaining 1.30% by CDP itself with its own shares.
Compagnia di San Paolo, Fondazione Cariplo, Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Torino, Fondazione di Sardegna are the only foundations to which share tranches above 1.5% have been allocated.
Shareholdings and investments
Group structure as of 31 December 2021
Headquarters
Corporate headquarters is in Rome, Via Goito, 4 - 00185.
Board of Directors
President: Giovanni Gorno Tempini
Chief Executive Officer: Dario Scannapieco
Councillors: Livia Amidani Aliberti, Anna Girello Garbi, Fabrizia Lapecorella, Fabiana Massa Felsani, Matteo Melley, Alessandra Ruzzu, Giorgio Toschi.
References
External links
CDP | Cassa Depositi e Prestiti
Banks of Italy
Partly privatized companies of Italy
Companies based in Rome
Banks established in 1850
European investment banks
Government-owned companies of Italy
Freemasonry in Italy
The Big 4-0 is a TV Land original program that began airing April 14, 2008. The series highlights the celebrations of six people who turn 40. Documentary-style interviews are conducted with each of the celebrants. The series was filmed in various locations throughout the United States.
Episodes
Episode 1: The first episode features Derrick
Celebrants
Derrick
Lisa
Brian
Tonya
Rita
DeeAnn
External links
Official Big 4-0 Website on TVLand.com
2000s American reality television series
2008 American television series debuts
The 1994 Greenwich Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
May 1994 events in the United Kingdom
Margaret Viola Wigham (February 3, 1904 – April 17, 1972) was a composer, music educator and pianist, born in Minnesota. She was nationally known as a mid-century composer of student piano pieces. Her pieces often had an educational focus such as chromaticism, counterpoint, learning to play in different keys, or using each hand independently. Her works were published by Oliver Ditson Co., Willis Music, Harold Flammer Inc, Belwin Inc, and R. D. Row. They were also published in Braille and made available through the Library of Congress National Library Service for the Blind and Print Disabled.
Her compositions include:
Orchestra
Concerto for Two Pianos
Piano
Bachette
By the Little Mill
Carefree
Fun with a Hoop
Gay Caprice
Happitat
Hop Along My Little Froggie
In the Chapel
Introduction and Sonatina
Just Before Dawn
Little Prelude
Merrily Over the Waves We Go
Musical Moods in All Keys
Musical Playmates
Now It's Time to Run and Play
O So Happy
Old Cowboy Trail
On Swan Lake
Puppet Mischief
Rhapsody
Scampering Whole Steps
Scherzino
Vocal
“I Wonder Where the Robins Go?” (words by Margaret Wigham and Wilma Wigham)
References
American women composers
1972 deaths
1904 births
Compositions for piano
Syair Siti Zubaidah Perang Cina (شَعِيْر سِيْتِي زُبَيْدَه ڤَرَاڠ چَينا; Malay for Poem of Siti Zubaidah's War on China, often abbreviated Syair Siti Zubaidah) is a 19th-century syair (poem) by an unknown author. Following a gender disguised woman who conquers China to save her husband, the syair has been argued to be based on historical events.
Plot
After years of trying, Sultan Darman Syah of Kembayat Negara and his wife have a son, whom they name Zainal Abidin. They raise him to be a devout Muslim and, at age six, Zainal Abidin is sent away to learn to read the Quran and study martial arts. Elsewhere in the kingdom, after a riot at the markets leads to the execution of a Chinese merchant, all ethnic Chinese flee the kingdom and return to China. The Chinese empress, furious at the treatment of her people, orders her seven daughters to prepare for a war against Kembayat Negara.
After dreaming of a beautiful woman, the adult Zainal Abidin departs Kembayat Negara to find her. Upon arriving at an island he hears a beautiful voice reciting the Quran. Following the voice he finds that it belongs to Siti Zubaidah, daughter of the island's religious leader and former king. He is stricken by her beauty and the two are married. On their way back to Kembayat Negara Zainal Abidin helps the King of Yaman repel an enemy attack, for which he is granted the hand of Princess Sajarah in marriage. Together with his wives, Zainal Abidin returns to Kembayat Negara.
Later, when the Chinese army attacks Kembayat Negara, Zainal Abidin and Sajarah are captured. The pregnant Siti Zubaidah, however, is able to escape into the woods. Giving birth there, she abandons her child and continues her journey; the child is later taken in by Siti Zubaidah's brother. Siti Zubaidah allies herself with Princess Rukiah of Yunan, who was exiled from her kingdom by invaders. The two train in martial arts and, disguising themselves as men, are able to retake Yunan. In return, Rukiah agrees to help Siti Zubaidah in a war against China.
With the forces of Yunan and its allies, Siti Zubaidah – still masquerading as a man – is able to conquer China. Zainal Abidin and Siti Sajarah are released. Meanwhile, the empress and her daughters are captured and forced to convert to Islam. Zainal Abidin then marries the empress and Siti Rukiah. Siti Zubaidah removes her disguise and returns to her husband's side, becoming queen of Kembayat Negara.
Manuscripts
According to the Chinese-Malay literary historian Liaw Yock Fang, the earliest extant manuscript of Syair Siti Zubaidah dates to 1840 (1256 hijrah). The manuscript, numbered MS 37083, is stored at the SOAS library in London, England. There are few surviving manuscripts of the story. However, it was popular in print form, particularly in Singapore, Bombay, and Cairo.
Themes and styles
The plot device of a woman passing herself as a man to do war, as in Syair Siti Zubaidah, was a common one in Malay and Javanese literature, including the Pandji stories from Java and hikayat and syair from Malaya. Other examples included the Hikayat Panji Semirang, Hikayat Jauhar Manikam, and Syair Abdul Muluk. The latter work shares several plot similarities with Syair Abdul Muluk. The French literary scholar Monique Zaini-Lajoubert suggests that, as Syair Siti Zubaidah is undated, it is impossible to determine which came first. However, the Chinese-Malay literary historian Liaw Yock Fang notes that Syair Abdoel Moeloek was published in 1847, some seven years after the earliest known extant manuscript of Syair Siti Zubaidah.
Malaysian literary scholar Siti Hawa Salleh writes that Syair Siti Zubaidah is one of several Malay stories which combined elements of Indian and Middle Eastern Influences, comparable to the Syair Bidasari and Syair Dandan Setia. The literary scholar G. Koster promotes a similar view, suggesting that Syair Siti Zubaidah and Syair Abdul Muluk should be considered "'Islamicised' Pandji romances". In the syair Siti Zubaidah emphasises her loyalty to her husband and God, forsaking motherly duties to continue the war. Ultimately, according to Malaysian literary scholar Barbara Watson Andaya, "loyalty, piety and submission to fate, even when a husband is unfaithful, earns [Siti Zubaidah] the status of consort."
Abdul Mutalib writes that Syair Siti Zubaidah may have been based on actual historical events; some Malaysian scholars suggest that Kembayat Negara is a representation of Champa (now part of Vietnam). Liaw is critical of such a view.
The syair contains many rhyme words not found in dictionaries. The rhyming pattern is also used as a reason for not providing details of sexual encounters within the story; in one scene the author writes "The story will not be elaborated / for it's too difficult to find rhymes." The syair does, however, draw parallels between war and sex: in one scene Zainal Abidin tells one of his Chinese captors "We ought to fight beneath the mosquito net / our krises and spears coax and caress."
Publication
A transliterated version was printed in 1983. Abdul Rahman al-Ahmadi provided another edition in 1994, based mostly on Ml 727 (held at the National Library of Indonesia) and MSS 25 (held at the National Library of Malaysia).
Reception
Syair Siti Zubaidah has been adapted to stage, using lithographs or handwritten notes as a source of dialogue.
Footnotes
Works cited
Further reading
Malay-language poems
19th-century poems
Anonymous works
Syairs
Works of unknown authorship
Jawi manuscripts
DQN could refer to:
Du Quoin station, Amtrak station code DQN
Station code for Dhanera station, Gujarat, India - see List of railway stations in India
Deep Q-Network, used in Deep Q-learning
An internet slang used as derogatory name in Japan.
The Canon BG-ED3 is a battery grip manufactured by Canon for certain models of its EOS digital SLR camera range. It was originally designed for the Canon EOS D30. It can hold 2 BP-511 or BP-511A batteries, effectively doubling the battery life of these cameras. The BG-ED3 can also accept the DR-400 DC Coupler, which when attached to a CA-PS400 or AC adapter ACK-E2, draws directly from an AC power source. A BG-ED3 is not necessary to use a compatible EOS camera with the DR-400. This battery grip also has extra buttons for controlling the camera. It has a shutter release button on the corner, making it easier to shoot vertically framed shots, as the button will be under the right index finger of the photographer. There are other buttons, a switch, and a dial. A larger dial is used to turn the screw that secures the grip to the camera body. The camera body's battery cover can be removed without tools since it is held in place with a spring-loaded pin that can be retracted by a fingernail. The BG-ED3 has space to store the camera body's detached battery cover next to the post that slides into the camera body's battery compartment.
It is also compatible with the Canon EOS 10D, D30 and D60 cameras.
References
External links
Exploded View Diagram & Parts List Of BG-ED3 is on Page 38 of this EOS D30 Parts document. Select BG-ED3 from the bookmarks list on the left of the PDF to go to right to it.
Canon Camera Museum
BG-ED3
Stephen Thomas Hughes (born 26 January 1984) is an English retired footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Brentford. After his release in 2004, he dropped into non-league football.
Career statistics
References
1984 births
English footballers
English Football League players
Brentford F.C. players
Welling United F.C. players
Farnborough F.C. players
Maidenhead United F.C. players
Footballers from Greater London
Living people
Association football midfielders
Kim Ja-ok (October 11, 1951 – November 16, 2014) was a South Korean actress. Kim was born in Busan in 1951. Kim dropped out of Hanyang University majoring in Film. Kim started her acting career after admitted to a public recruit by MBC TV. During the early period of the 1970s, she mainly starred in TV series, while in the late 1970s, Kim focused on film. Kim gained a popularity for her cheerful depiction on a woman of the new generation such as Sinbu ilgi (). Her last husband was singer, Oh Seung Geun. Her brother was announcer, Kim Tae Ok.
On November 16, 2014, it was reported by Yonhap News that Kim Ja-ok had died from lung cancer.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
Films
Television series
Album discography
Princess is Lonely (1996)
Awards
1975 11th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best TV Actress (수선화 MBC)
1975 11th Baeksang Arts Awards : Most Popular TV Actress
1976 12th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best Film Actress (보통여자(김수현의 보통여자))
1979 15th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best Film Actress (목마위의 여자)
2011 KBS Drama Awards : Excellence Award, Actress in a Serial Drama (Ojakgyo Family)
2014 MBC Drama Awards : Achievement Award
2014 SBS Drama Awards : Lifetime Achievement Award
2014 KBS Drama Awards : Achievement Award
References
External links
1951 births
2014 deaths
Musicians from Busan
South Korean women singers
South Korean film actresses
South Korean television actresses
Trot singers
South Korean television presenters
South Korean broadcasters
South Korean women television presenters
VJs (media personalities)
Deaths from lung cancer in South Korea
Hanyang University alumni
Best Actress Paeksang Arts Award (film) winners
Best Actress Paeksang Arts Award (television) winners
Marcel Letestu (8 April 191829 August 2006) was a Général de brigade of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion.
Military career
Marcel enlisted in the French Army in 1936 and became a Sergent (Sergeant) in 1938. A Sous-Officiers in the Franc Corps of the 160th Infantry Regiment () in 1939 to 1940 at the front, he was made captive during the Phoney War. He managed to escape a stalag and joined the free zone.
He entered to the École militaire interarmes of Cherchell. He graduated as a Major of his promotion.
At the end of war, he was named as an instructor at the Perfection Officer School () of Achern. In 1950, he was the champion of France for precision shooting and recordman for rapid shooting.
Promoted Captain in 1951, he joined the 5th Foreign Infantry Regiment 5e REI where he was cited and wounded in 1952.
He then served in Algeria where he commanded a battalion of the 1st Foreign Regiment 1e RE. He was then assigned to the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, where he commanded a company prior to assuming the role of an infantry instructor.
Promoted to Chef de bataillon (Commandant -Major) in 1958, he commanded a general staff headquarters Division of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI in the Sud-Oranais. He then commanded the Foreign at Madagascar, prior to becoming the regimental commander of the 1st Foreign Regiment 1e RE in 1970. During his tenure, the Operational Group of the Foreign Legion G.O.L.E was created, then in 1972, the Foreign Legion Groupment G.L.E at Aubagne and the 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment 2e REI, leading to the formation of the Commandement de la Légion Étrangère which he assumed the first command.
He left the command of the Legion in 1973 to command, in 1974, the 23rd Territorial Military Division. He left active duty service in 1976.
Since 22 October 1977, général Letestu is the Patron of the École militaire interarmes promotion « Lieutenant Chezeau » (E.M.I.A 1977-1978) of the 1st Parachute Hussard Regiment 1er RHP.
Recognitions and Honors
Grand-croix de la Légion d'honneur
Croix de guerre 1939-1945
Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures
Croix de la Valeur militaire
Croix du combattant volontaire
Croix du combattant
Médaille des évadés
8 decorations
He was commended 13 times, 8 of which were in the Armed Forces order.
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Jacques Lefort
Pierre Jeanpierre
Pierre Darmuzai
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
References
Sources
History and Patrimony Division of the French Foreign Legion ()
1918 births
2006 deaths
People from Joué-lès-Tours
French generals
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
French military personnel of the Algerian War
French military personnel of World War II
In finance, the Heston model, named after Steven L. Heston, is a mathematical model that describes the evolution of the volatility of an underlying asset. It is a stochastic volatility model: such a model assumes that the volatility of the asset is not constant, nor even deterministic, but follows a random process.
Basic Heston model
The basic Heston model assumes that St, the price of the asset, is determined by a stochastic process,
where , the instantaneous variance, is given by a Feller square-root or CIR process,
and are Wiener processes (i.e., continuous random walks) with correlation ρ.
The model has five parameters:
, the initial variance.
, the long variance, or long-run average variance of the price; as t tends to infinity, the expected value of νt tends to θ.
, the correlation of the two Wiener processes.
, the rate at which νt reverts to θ.
, the volatility of the volatility, or 'vol of vol', which determines the variance of νt.
If the parameters obey the following condition (known as the Feller condition) then the process is strictly positive
Risk-neutral measure
See Risk-neutral measure for the complete article
A fundamental concept in derivatives pricing is the risk-neutral measure; this is explained in further depth in the above article. For our purposes, it is sufficient to note the following:
To price a derivative whose payoff is a function of one or more underlying assets, we evaluate the expected value of its discounted payoff under a risk-neutral measure.
A risk-neutral measure, also known as an equivalent martingale measure, is one which is equivalent to the real-world measure, and which is arbitrage-free: under such a measure, the discounted price of each of the underlying assets is a martingale. See Girsanov's theorem.
In the Black-Scholes and Heston frameworks (where filtrations are generated from a linearly independent set of Wiener processes alone), any equivalent measure can be described in a very loose sense by adding a drift to each of the Wiener processes.
By selecting certain values for the drifts described above, we may obtain an equivalent measure which fulfills the arbitrage-free condition.
Consider a general situation where we have underlying assets and a linearly independent set of Wiener processes. The set of equivalent measures is isomorphic to Rm, the space of possible drifts. Consider the set of equivalent martingale measures to be isomorphic to a manifold embedded in Rm; initially, consider the situation where we have no assets and is isomorphic to Rm.
Now consider each of the underlying assets as providing a constraint on the set of equivalent measures, as its expected discount process must be equal to a constant (namely, its initial value). By adding one asset at a time, we may consider each additional constraint as reducing the dimension of by one dimension. Hence we can see that in the general situation described above, the dimension of the set of equivalent martingale measures is .
In the Black-Scholes model, we have one asset and one Wiener process. The dimension of the set of equivalent martingale measures is zero; hence it can be shown that there is a single value for the drift, and thus a single risk-neutral measure, under which the discounted asset will be a martingale.
In the Heston model, we still have one asset (volatility is not considered to be directly observable or tradeable in the market) but we now have two Wiener processes - the first in the Stochastic Differential Equation (SDE) for the asset and the second in the SDE for the stochastic volatility. Here, the dimension of the set of equivalent martingale measures is one; there is no unique risk-free measure.
This is of course problematic; while any of the risk-free measures may theoretically be used to price a derivative, it is likely that each of them will give a different price. In theory, however, only one of these risk-free measures would be compatible with the market prices of volatility-dependent options (for example, European calls, or more explicitly, variance swaps). Hence we could add a volatility-dependent asset; by doing so, we add an additional constraint, and thus choose a single risk-free measure which is compatible with the market. This measure may be used for pricing.
Implementation
The use of the Fourier transform to value options was shown by Carr and Madan.
A discussion of the implementation of the Heston model was given by Kahl and Jäckel.
A derivation of closed-form option prices for the time-dependent Heston model was presented by Benhamou et al.
A derivation of closed-form option prices for the double Heston model was given by Christoffersen et al. and by Gauthier and Possamai.
An extension of the Heston model with stochastic interest rates was given by Grzelak and Oosterlee.
An expression of the characteristic function of the Heston model that is both numerically continuous and easily differentiable with respect to the parameters was introduced by Cui et al.
The use of the model in a local stochastic volatility context was given by Van Der Weijst.
An explicit solution of the Heston price equation in terms of the volatility was developed by Kouritzin. This can be combined with known weak solutions for the volatility equation and Girsanov's theorem to produce explicit weak solutions of the Heston model. Such solutions are useful for efficient simulation.
High precision reference prices are available in a blog post by Alan Lewis.
There are few known parameterisations of the volatility surface based on the Heston model (Schonbusher, SVI and gSVI).
Calibration
The calibration of the Heston model is often formulated as the least squares problem, with the objective function minimizing the squared difference between the prices observed in the market and those calculated from the model.
The prices are typically those of vanilla options. Sometimes the model is also calibrated to the variance swap term-structure as in Guillaume and Schoutens. Yet another approach is to include forward start options, or barrier options as well, in order to capture the forward smile.
Under the Heston model, the price of vanilla options is given analytically, but requires a numerical method to compute the integral. Le Floc'h summarized the various quadratures applied and proposed an efficient adaptive Filon quadrature.
Calibration usually requires the gradient of the objective function with respect to the model parameters. This was usually computed with a finite difference approximation although it is less accurate, less efficient and less elegant than an analytical gradient because an insightful expression of the latter became available only when a new representation of the characteristic function was introduced by Cui et al. in 2017 . Another possibility is to resort to automatic differentiation. For example, the tangent mode of algorithmic differentiation may be applied using dual numbers in a straightforward manner.
See also
Stochastic volatility
Risk-neutral measure (another name for the equivalent martingale measure)
Girsanov's theorem
Martingale (probability theory)
SABR volatility model
MATLAB code for implementation by Kahl, Jäckel and Lord
References
Derivatives (finance)
Financial models
Options (finance)
Mathematical finance
Jamie Smyth (born 30 June 1976) is a British racing driver, best known for winning the 2007 British GTC Championship.
Career
Smyth began racing in Karts before moving onto car racing in 2000 driving a Formula Ford.
His most notable achievement was winning the 2007 British GTC Championship, driving a Porsche 996 GT3. Other achievements include finishing 2nd overall and winning his class in the 2008 Britcar 24 Hour driving an Aston Martin N24, as well as winning the North West Formula Ford 1600 Championship in 2003, and the Southern Formula Ford 1600 Championship in 2004.
External links
References
Welsh racing drivers
1976 births
Living people
British GT Championship drivers
Syamsul Bachri Chaeruddin (born 9 February 1983) is an Indonesian former footballer who plays as a midfielder. He has represented Indonesia in the sport.
Born in Gowa, South Sulawesi, Syamsul played for PSM Makassar in the 2005 AFC Champions League group stage, where he scored one goal.
Syamsul played for the Indonesia national football team. He is one of the best defensive midfielders in his country with his aggression and a courageous playing style, despite his lack of size. His international début in the national team was at a friendly match for Indonesia against Malaysia on 12 March 2004. Indonesia drew 0-0 in this game. At the Asian Cup 2007 he played 3 times: in a 2-1 win against Bahrain (as substitute for Mahyadi Panggabean, who was injured); in the 1-2 loss against Saudi Arabia, and in the 0-1 loss to South Korea, the last game in group D.
National team career
2002: Junior National Team U-21, Tiger Cup (selection)
2003: Pre Olympic, Sea Games XXII Vietnam
2004: Pre World Cup, Tiger Cup
2005: Sea Games XXIII Philippines
2006: Brunei Merdeka Games, BV International Cup
2007: AFF Cup, Asian Cup
Honours
Club honors
Sriwijaya
Indonesia Super League: 2011–12
Inter Island Cup: 2012
Country honors
Champion of Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy : Indonesia U-21 (2002)
Champion of Indonesian Independence Cup : Indonesia (2008)
References
External links
Indonesian footballers
1983 births
Living people
Bugis people
Sportspeople from South Sulawesi
Indonesia international footballers
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
Persija Jakarta players
Sriwijaya F.C. players
PSM Makassar players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Association football midfielders
People from Gowa Regency
Fusion engine may refer to:
Fusion engine, an engine that runs on fusion power, generally referring to a fusion rocket.
Fusion Engine, the game engine used in Descent 3
Mélanie Lipinska (1865–1933) was a Polish-French physician and known as a historian of women in medicine. She received recognition for her thesis Histoire des femmes médecins, which she submitted to the Académie de médecine de Paris in 1900.
Mélanie Lipinska was born in Ostrołęka, Poland. Although she was born in Poland, she spent the later part of her life in France. Among other places, her training was in Parisian hospitals. During Lipinska's training, she worked closely with Joséphine Joteyko, a physician and physiologist, one of the first females to become a physician in Poland. She attended the University of Paris medical school.
Lipinska wrote her thesis in 1900 to receive her doctorate in medicine. Her thesis included commentary on the medical writings of Hildegard of Bingen. In 1902 Lipinska received the Victor Hugo Award, a literary award, for her thesis. With this award, she was given an amount of francs. Lipinska is considered a historian of women doctors.
By 1922 Lipinska was blind.
Lipinska later travelled to the United States. She arrived in New York in 1922, and travelled to California where she did research on the blind for the American Society of the Blind.
Works
Histoire des femmes médecins, depuis l'Antiquité jusqu'à nos jours. Paris, 1900
References
1865 births
1933 deaths
Polish women physicians
French medical historians
French women physicians
Blind people from Poland
French women historians
Osovaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 21 as of 2002.
Geography
Osovaya is located 47 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pavlovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Home is the second album by UK rock band Home. It was released in 1972 by CBS Records.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Mick Stubbs; except where indicated
"Dreamer" (Cliff Williams, Laurie Wiseman, Mick Cook, Mick Stubbs) – 5:30
"Knave" – 3:45
"Fancy Lady, Hollywood Child" (David Skillin, Mick Stubbs) – 4:05
"Rise Up" – 3:24
"Dear Lord" – 3:00
"Baby Friend of Mine" – 4:42
"Western Front" – 5:15
"Lady of the Birds" (Cliff Williams, Laurie Wiseman, Mick Cook, Mick Stubbs) – 9:13
Personnel
Home
Mick Stubbs – lead vocals, electric guitar, 12-string guitar, keyboards
Laurie Wisefield – acoustic guitar, lead guitar, steel guitar, vocals
Clive John – keyboards
Cliff Williams – bass guitar, vocals
Mick Cook – drums, percussion, vocals
Technical
David Hentschel, Mike Stone - engineer
Denis Waugh - front cover photography
References
External links
Home album releases at Discogs.com
Home album review, credits & releases at AllMusic.com
1972 albums
Albums produced by John Anthony (record producer)
CBS Records albums
albums recorded at Trident Studios
Royal LePage Place, is a 1500-seat multi-purpose arena in West Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada. It was completed in 2007.
Royal LePage Place is the home of the West Kelowna Warriors ice hockey team. It has a maximum capacity of 1520 plus standing room. It is located at the foot of Mount Boucherie, next to Jim Lind Arena, Mount Boucherie Secondary School and the District of West Kelowna offices in the Mt. Boucherie Community Centre. Royal LePage Place will also be used for many other events including concerts, trade shows, and various community gatherings. Royal LePage Place was used as a muster point during the 2009 Glenrosa Forest Fire.
References
External links
Home of the Westside Warriors
Indoor arenas in British Columbia
Indoor ice hockey venues in Canada
British Columbia Hockey League arenas
Music venues in British Columbia
Tourist attractions in the Okanagan
West Kelowna
Chen Jining (; born 4 February 1964) is a Chinese academic and politician. He is the current Mayor of Beijing. An environmental engineer by profession, Chen served as the President of Tsinghua University from 2012 to 2015 and Minister of Environmental Protection between 2015 and 2017.
Early life and education
Chen was born and raised in Gaizhou, Liaoning, with his ancestral home in Lishu County, Jilin. In 1981, he attended Tsinghua University, where he graduated with a BSc degree in environmental engineering in 1986. Chen was then educated at Brunel University London, and next at Imperial College London where he earned a PhD degree in civil and environmental engineering in 1993. After graduation he worked as a research assistant at Imperial College London until 1998.
Career
In March 1998 he became the Deputy Director of the Environmental Engineering Department of Tsinghua University, rising to Director the next year. In February 2006 he was Vice-President of Tsinghua University, a year later, he was promoted to become the Executive Vice-President. He concurrently served as Dean of the Graduate School of Tsinghua University from January 2010 to February 2012, Dean of the Graduate School at Shenzhen, Tsinghua University between January 2010 to July 2011.
In February 2012, Chen was appointed the President of Tsinghua University, he remained in that position until January 2015, when he was appointed Minister of Environmental Protection, People's Republic of China. At the time of his appointment, he was the youngest member of Li Keqiang's cabinet. In 2015, he was also a member of the judging panel for the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering.
In May 2017, Chen was appointed acting Mayor of Beijing, becoming the 17th person to hold the office since the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Chen was a deputy to the 12th National People's Congress.
He was awarded the Silver Olympic Order after the 2022 Winter Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Alumni of Brunel University London
Alumni of Imperial College London
Biologists from Liaoning
Chinese civil engineers
Chinese ecologists
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Liaoning
Educators from Liaoning
Engineering academics
Engineers from Liaoning
Environmental engineers
Mayors of Beijing
Members of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress
Ministers of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China
People from Gaizhou
People's Republic of China politicians from Liaoning
Politicians from Yingkou
Political office-holders in Beijing
Presidents of Tsinghua University
Tsinghua University alumni
Tsinghua University faculty
Recipients of the Olympic Order
Oskoršnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The entire area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.
References
External links
Oskoršnica at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
XEZH-AM is a radio station on 1260 kHz in Salamanca, Guanajuato.
History
XEZH came to air on May 15, 1966 after receiving its concession on October 17, 1964.
References
Radio stations in Guanajuato
Ibrahim Andres Ogoulola (born 3 February 2000) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for Requins de l'Atlantique, as a midfielder.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Benin's goal tally first.
References
2000 births
Living people
Beninese footballers
Benin international footballers
Requins de l'Atlantique FC players
Energie FC players
Association football midfielders
The rusty-headed spinetail (Synallaxis fuscorufa) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
rusty-headed spinetail
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Endemic birds of Colombia
rusty-headed spinetail
rusty-headed spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Heart on My Sleeve is the sophomore studio album by English singer and songwriter Ella Mai, released on 6 May 2022 through 10 Summers and Interscope Records. The album was executive-produced by Mustard and Meko Yohannes, and features guest appearances from Latto, Roddy Ricch, and Lucky Daye.
Heart on My Sleeve includes the previously released single "Not Another Love Song" (2020) and the lead single "DFMU" released on 28 January 2022. Mai released a music video for "How" on 28 July.
Composition and themes
In an interview with The Recording Academy Press writer Malik Peay, Ella Mai explained the meaning of the album and the creative process behind it:"I was so heavily invested and involved with the entire process. I knew what I wanted to say and what I wanted to sound like. [...] Every song, every session, it did kind of feel like a therapy session for me. I was wearing my heart on my sleeve in the studio, and just really explaining how I was feeling at the time. [...] I think the difficulty comes from wondering, is this too vulnerable? But actually, it was everything that was on my heart. [...] I think through creating this album, I realized how resilient I am, even if I'm in a situation that I haven't really experienced before. [...] I love to storytell, but I do understand sometimes that it doesn't always need to be there. [...] I think it's incredibly freeing."
Commercial performance
Heart On My Sleeve debuted at number 15 on the US Billboard 200, number nine on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number two on the Top R&B Albums chart, earning 20,000 album-equivalent units (15,000 being pure album sales) in its first week.
Track listing
Adapted from the album liner notes.
References
2018 debut albums
Ella Mai albums
Albums produced by DJ Mustard
Interscope Records albums
Christophe Rezai (; Born 1966, Toulouse) is a French-Iranian composer living in Tehran since 1994.
Career
He was born from an Iranian Father and a French mother in 1966 in the city of Toulouse in France. He has studied music (piano, vocal and theory) along with engineering and marketing. Since 1987 he has recorded around 300 tracks for Iranian television advertisement. He has composed soundtracks for long film, short films as well as documentaries and has worked with director like Dariush Mehrjui, Mani Haghighi, Shahram Mokri, Safi Yazdanian, Rassoul Sadr Ameli and many others. He initiated a baroque music ensemble (Aria Music) in 1996, giving concerts in Iran & India. He further established the Nour ensemble. In the summer of 2004, Nour appeared in a musical documentary, this time filmed at the Palace of Ardashir in Firouzabad. The arrangements of Journey (2001, Hermes Records) is also among his musical activities. In 2003, Rezai won the first prize of the Avignon Film Festival for the best Film Music and in 2017 he won the Crystal Symorgh from the 35th Fajr Film Festival for the movie "Negar" directed by Rambod Javan. Since then, he has concentrated on writing music for films and on developing the Nour ensemble.
Nour ensemble
Nour ensemble is an Iranian music ensemble under Rezai's leadership, whose repertoire focuses on medieval, baroque, Kurdish and Persian vocal music. The Noure ensemble has been featured in a documentary produced by the television network Arte in 2002 and has performed in concerts in France, Iran, Belgium, the Netherlands, South Korea and Austria.
The ensemble was founded in 2000 and is composed of nine artists, French, Kurdish and Persian, singers and instrumentalists. The group mission is to combine the Iranian musical tradition and European musical tradition and to reinterpret traditional Persian, Kurdish and European repertoire.
The group's first album, ALBA was recorded in Firouzabad Palace. The group performance in Vahdat Hall (2007) has been considered as one of the best Iranian-Western fusion music works ever.
References
External links
Nour ensemble's Official Website
Iranian composers
Musicians from Toulouse
1966 births
Living people
French emigrants to Iran
Monte Raymond (born 18 November 1973) is a retired Canadian athlete who specialised in the 400 metres hurdles. He represented his country at the 1999 and 2001 World Championships.
His personal best in the event is 49.64 seconds set in Flagstaff in 1999.
Competition record
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Canadian male hurdlers
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Pan American Games track and field athletes for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1999 Pan American Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
Lee Gutkind is an American writer, speaker, and founder of the literary journal called Creative Nonfiction.
Gutkind has written or edited more than 30 books, covering a wide range of subjects from motorcycle subculture to child and adolescent mental illness and organ transplantation.
Currently he is Distinguished Writer in Residence at the Consortium for Science Policy and Outcomes and Professor at the School of Life Sciences at Arizona State University.
Early life
Gutkind was born on January 3, 1943, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He earned his bachelor's degree in English from the University of Pittsburgh in 1968. After high school and service in the United States Coast Guard, he held jobs as a truck driver, traveling shoe salesman and public relations account executive.
Career
In 1973, he published his first book, Bike Fever: On Motorcycle Culture. He then joined the University of Pittsburgh's Department of English faculty, where he eventually became the first tenured professor at the university without an advanced degree.
Gutkind founded the literary journal Creative Nonfiction in 1993. He also published three issues of Best Creative Nonfiction, an anthology of creative nonfiction. At Arizona State University, he founded the ThinkWritePublish program, supported by The National Science Foundation (Science in Society) and the Templeton Foundation (True Stories About Science and Religion).
Gutkind has lectured about nonfiction to a wide range audiences and organizations, including the National Academy of Science, Earth Justice, the Institute for Learning, the Council on Healthcare Economics and Policy at Princeton University, as well as foreign audiences.
He helped found the low-residency MFA program in creative nonfiction at Goucher College, and for 11 years was director of the Mid-Atlantic Creative Nonfiction Writers' Conference there. He was the director and founder of the "412 Pittsburgh Creative Nonfiction Literary Festival" for four years. He also served as the Virginia G. Piper Distinguished Writer in Residence at Arizona State University in 2007-2008.
Awards and recognition
Lee Gutkind's list of honorary achievements include : The Steve Allan Individual Award, by United Mental Health, Inc; Chancellor's Award for Public Service; Meritorious Service Award by American Council on Transplantation; Howard Blakeslee Award by the American Heart Association for "outstanding journalism; Golden Eagle Award by CINE, for the film A Place Just Right; Recipient of National Endowment of the Arts Creative Writing Fellowship. In 2004, Gutkind was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters from Chatham College.
In a 1997 snipe at Gutkind in the print edition, Vanity Fair called Gutkind "the Godfather" of the genre of creative nonfiction . More than 10 years later, Harper's Magazine was quoted as having stated he was "the leading figure behind the creative nonfiction movement."
List of publications
Written
Edited
References
External links
The Creative Nonfiction Website
1945 births
Living people
Writers from Pittsburgh
University of Pittsburgh alumni
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Arizona State University faculty
American memoirists
American non-fiction writers
The Future Will Come is the second album by American electronic artist The Juan MacLean. It was released by DFA Records on April 21, 2009. The album is heavily influenced by British synthpop band The Human League, and it incorporates many themes from science fiction. The Future Will Come received somewhat positive reviews from music critics and yielded three singles: "Happy House", "The Simple Life", and "One Day".
Following the release of "Happy House", the band embarked on a European tour to promote the single and returned to the U.S. before the release of "The Simple Life". After the album was released the following year, the Juan MacLean promoted it with a one-month European tour followed by a U.S. tour with Swedish electronic musician The Field.
Recording
John MacLean and Nancy Whang wrote the album at a studio in Woodstock, New York. Several of the songs were co-written with Nick Millhiser and Alex Frankel from synthpop duo Holy Ghost!. MacLean stated that he wanted "to use dance music production techniques to make pop songs." To move away from the common first-person narrative used in popular music, they decided to feature their voices equally. MacLean and Whang sought examples of songs that had male and female narrators but struggled to find any aside from The Human League.
The music on The Future Will Come is influenced by Detroit techno, especially the Belleville Three. MacLean used the Roland SH-101 as his main synthesizer lead and the Roland TB-303 bass synthesizer. Influenced by electronic band Kraftwerk, many of the songs use robot metaphors to describe emotional detachment in relationships. The album's futuristic lyrics are inspired by science fiction writers Philip K. Dick and William Gibson as well as dystopian films such as Blade Runner, Logan's Run, and THX 1138.
Singles
The 12-minute closing track "Happy House" was released as the lead single in early 2008. The song's lyrics are cheerful and romantic, with Whang providing distant-sounding vocals. In a review for The Guardian, Dorian Lynskey likened the song to the work of Chicago house musician Larry Heard, and Pitchfork reviewer Douglas Wolk noted the similarity between the song's piano riff and that of Dubtribe Sound System's "Do It Now".
Remixes were commissioned by artists including VHS or Beta, Will Saul, Paul Woolford, and Matthew Dear. "Happy House" ranked number 37 on the 2008 Pazz & Jop survey, and Pitchfork listed it number 20 on its list of the year's best tracks. The music video for "Happy House" was directed by The Wilderness and premiered in August 2009. It shows Whang in a futuristic veil, accompanied by back-up dancers dressed in white. They are illuminated by colorful LEDs.
Opening track "The Simple Life" was released as a single later in 2008. In it, MacLean sings the verses in a conversational style, with Whang singing the chorus. Its synthesizer arpeggios were compared to the work of Italian producer Giorgio Moroder. "One Day" became the album's final single in 2009. The rave song has MacLean and Whang responding to each other with spiteful lines about a breakup. Its music video was directed by Patrick Longstreth.
Critical reception
The Future Will Come received somewhat positive reviews from music critics. Entertainment Weekly described the album as "by and large, a fun ride, all squiggly synth wah-wahs, airy vocal coos, and funked-up drums". Pitchfork Media described the music as "post-disco dance-pop aesthetics intersecting and merging in ways that transcend cheap retro", adding that the use of longer tracks would have allowed it "a bit more breathing room." NME described the music as "Dionysian disco: dynamic, decadent and utterly brilliant."
Reviewers were mixed on the album's use of mechanical musical themes. PopMatters wrote that the influence of "future shock and technological singularity are clearly on MacLean's mind…his music does not seem to be advancing in brave new directions." AllMusic compared the album to the group's debut Less Than Human and praised its "more user-friendly approach, injecting warmth and buoyancy into the typical machine music tropes of house and techno." Rolling Stone agreed, commenting that the relative lack of programming had allowed for more "stretched-out, club-wrecking grooves". The Guardian, however, opined that MacLean "frustratingly boxes himself into the synth-pop format of the Human League." It elaborated that Whang's caustic responses were enjoyable but "Maclean's own flat Phil Oakeyisms not so much."
Track listing
References
External links
Official website
The Juan MacLean albums
2009 albums
Keith Moffatt (born June 20, 1984) is an American high jumper.
He holds a personal best jump of 2.30 metres.
Career Highlights
2006 & 2009 USA Outdoor runner-up
3rd at 2005 USA Outdoors
2003 Junior Pan Am Games gold medalist
2004 NCAA DII Champion
2003 USA Outdoor Junior Champion
2002 VHSL State Record 7'3"
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
American male high jumpers
Moltema is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of Meander Valley in the North West region of Tasmania. It is located about south-east of the town of Devonport.
The 2016 census determined a population of 85 for the state suburb of Moltema.
History
The locality was first named Whitefoord Hills but changed to Moltema in 1915. The name is believed to be an Aboriginal word meaning “to run”.
Geography
The Western rail line passes through from south to north, and the Bass Highway skirts the eastern boundary. The Rubicon River forms a small section of the eastern boundary.
Road infrastructure
The B13 route (Railton Road) enters the locality from the south-east and exits to the north. The C161 route (Dunorlan Road) starts at an intersection with route B13 and runs south into Dunorlan.
References
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Towns in Tasmania
Howard P. Forman is a professor of radiology, economics, public health, and management at Yale University. Forman provides commentary on the U.S. government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, his political and healthcare writing on Twitter, and his role in developing national leaders in healthcare.
Career
Forman founded Yale's MD/MBA program and directs both the Yale School of Public Health's Health Care Management program and the Yale School of Management's Executive MBA program (health care track). He is the only Yale faculty member to hold simultaneous appointments in the school of medicine, school of management, and school of public health. His academic work is centered on issues related to financial administration, healthcare compliance, and contracting. His research has focused on improving imaging services delivery through better access to information. He has served as a legislative aide in the U.S. Senate on Medicare legislation.
Forman's former students include Vivek Murthy, the 19th Surgeon General of the United States; Kate Goodrich, former chief medical officer for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; and Michael Sherling, co-founder of Modernizing Medicine. Marcella Nunez-Smith is also a former student, with whom he co-founded the Pozen-Commonwealth Fund Fellowship in Health Equity Leadership at Yale University.
Public Outreach
Forman runs a podcast with fellow Yale professor Harlan Krumholz called Health & Veritas on the latest news and ideas in healthcare. During the COVID-19 pandemic, he has actively tracked outbreaks at local, national, and international levels; expounding on mitigation strategies and engaging to dispel misinformation through social and print media. He has been a frequent guest commentator and expert on national video and audio platforms.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Yale School of Management faculty
Yale School of Medicine faculty
Alaigal () is a 1973 Indian Tamil-language film written, produced and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film, released on 13 January 1973, stars Vishnuvardhan and Chandrakala. It was the first Tamil film of Vishnuvardhan.
Plot
Cast
Vishnuvardhan as Inspector Raju
Chandrakala as Lakshmi
Cho
Manorama as Nalina
Dhulipala
Selvakumar
Thengai Srinivasan
Suruli Rajan
A. Rama Rao
M. S. Sundari Bai
T. V. Kumithini
Seethalakshmi
Typist Gopu
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan, while the lyrics were written by Kannadasan.
Reception
Kumudham called the story ordinary, criticising it for lack of originality.
References
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1973 films
Films directed by C. V. Sridhar
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Indian black-and-white films
Danilo Fraquelli (born 5 March 1968) is an Italian lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1989 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
The 29th Genie Awards were held on April 4, 2009, to honour Canadian films released in 2008. The ceremony was held at the Canadian Aviation Museum in Ottawa, Ontario, and was broadcast on Global and IFC. The ceremony was hosted by Dave Foley.
Nominations were announced on February 10, 2009, and were led by Quebec films. The Necessities of Life () received eight nominations followed by Everything Is Fine () with seven. Historical epic Passchendaele had the most wins at five Genies and was also recognized with the Golden Reel as the highest-grossing Canadian film.
Host city and venue
The 29th Genie Awards were held in Ottawa, Canada's capital, in a move suggested by the National Capital Commission (NCC). The awards had previously only been held in Toronto, aside from two ceremonies in Montreal in the mid-1990s. The Ontario provincial government invested $150,000 to help the NCC host the Genie Awards and Genie Week, to bring national attention to tourist attractions in the capital region.
The venue chosen for the awards ceremony was the Canadian Aviation Museum (now the Canada Aviation and Space Museum). Gordon Pinsent and Caroline Neron announced the nominations at the museum on February 10, 2009. On March 30, Dave Foley was named to host the ceremony.
Genie Week
A new feature of this year's awards was Genie Week of 20 events over 8 days, leading up to the awards ceremony on April 4. Events were arranged by the Genie Host Organizing Committee, the NCC and the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television (ACCT).
The Canadian War Museum presented a free screening of Passchendaele, followed by a question and answer session and a tour of trench warfare exhibits. The Canadian Aviation Museum was transformed into a drive-in theatre for a screening of Amal. Screenings of other best-picture nominees were held at Centrepointe Theatre, Arts Court, the Canadian Museum of Civilization, and the Canadian Museum of Nature, along with talks and cultural events.
Library and Archives Canada (LAC) hosted lunchtime screenings of Best Animated Short and Best Live Action Short nominees throughout the week, and offered tours of its film preservation centre and extensive film collections.
Specially designated Via Rail Genie trains brought nominees, industry members and special guests from Toronto and Montreal, with a red carpet reception on their arrival in Ottawa on April 3.
Ceremony
While lacking the extravagance of the Toronto events, the Ottawa ceremony was considered a smart and stylish event. Guy Buller, president of ACTRA's Ottawa chapter, wrote that the museum's collection of vintage aircraft lent a sense of "history, endeavour and pride" to the ceremony.
The awards ceremony was followed by a gala at the Canadian War Museum.
On the red carpet, one presenter suggested that they had dressed down in response to Prime Minister Stephen Harper's election comment that his constituents didn't care about fancy art galas.
Advocacy
The venue was located minutes from Parliament Hill, and there were calls from presenters and other celebrities for Harper's Conservative government to increase support for Canadian film and other cultural industries, particularly for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). On the red carpet, Foley advocated that Canadian theatres be required to show a proportion of domestic films, as is the case in France and Great Britain.
Presenter Wendy Crewson joked that the after party would be held at the Prime Minister's residence, where she would be on a barricade with a bullhorn.
Heritage Minister James Moore received an invitation but declined to attend. A writer for The Globe and Mail noted no Conservative politicians at the event, though Liberal MPs Pablo Rodríguez and Martha Hall Findlay were at the ceremony. Rodriguez was a vocal critic of Heritage policy.
Jay Stone of The National Post wrote that Kristin Booth's supporting actress win was a "vindication" for Young People Fucking, a film which was at the centre of the Bill C-10 controversy of the previous year. During the previous year's ceremony, several speakers had criticized the bill.
Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Telecast
The awards were broadcast on Global and IFC on April 4 at 9 pm (ET).
The broadcast was lengthened to ninety minutes, compared to the previous year's one-hour show.
References
External links
29th Genie Awards
Genie Awards
Genie Awards
Genie Awards
Gen
This is the list of Southeast Asian Games medalists in table tennis from 1959 to present.
Medalists from SEA Games 1959-1971, 1975-1979 & 1985-1995 are incomplete.
Results
Men's singles
Men's doubles
Men's team
1959 gold : south vietnam
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Women's team
Mixed doubles
See also
Table tennis at the Asian Games
List of Asian Games medalists in table tennis
References
David Mader III (born June 30, 1955) is an American professional stock car racing driver who competes part-time in the ARCA Menards Series, driving the No. 63 Chevrolet SS for Spraker Racing Enterprises. He is a former competitor in all three of NASCAR's national touring series and is also the winner of the 1978 Snowball Derby.
Racing career
Mader won the 1978 Snowball Derby, beating Mark Martin.
Mader competed in ten NASCAR Winston Cup Series races between 1988 and 1992, including leading seven laps at Martinsville Speedway in 1992. In the Busch Series, he raced in 22 events between 1986 and 1992, with nine Top 10 finishes. He raced in two Craftsman Truck Series events in 1998.
In his career, Dave has raced Southern All Star, Sunoco, ASA, NASCAR Late Model Stock, All Pro, NASCAR All - American Challenge, ARCA, NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, Winston Cup, and Busch Series. Mader won four consecutive championships in the All-American Challenge Series between 1985 and 1988. He also builds and manufactures his own race cars, helps various race teams as their crew chief, and has taught at Race Car College. He has accumulated 224 feature wins. He also competed in the 1992 running of The Winston, driving the No. 9 car which was in the race as a winning team, thanks to Bill Elliott winning in 1991.
In 2012, Mader was inducted into the Alabama Auto Racing Pioneers Hall of Fame.
ARCA Menards Series
Mader Finished Second in the ARCA Menards Series race at Talladega Superspeedway on April 24, 2021, his first top 5 finish in 30 years. Mader's last top 5 also came at Talladega, finishing second to Charlie Glotzbach. Mader has one career victory in ARCA, coming at Michigan in 1991. After a 24-year absence from the series, Mader returned in 2018.
Personal life
Mader has five daughters, Tammy, Annette, Jennifer, Kelly, and Erica.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Winston Cup Series
Daytona 500
Busch Series
Craftsman Truck Series
ARCA Menards Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
ARCA Menards Series East
Season still in progress
References
External links
Living people
1955 births
People from Shelby County, Alabama
Racing drivers from Alabama
NASCAR drivers
American Speed Association drivers
ARCA Menards Series drivers
Juan Martínez Oliver (born 4 February 1962 in Almeria) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer. He won a stage in the 1988 Tour de France. He also competed in the two events at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1987
Memorial Manuel Galera
1988
Fuengirola - Mijas
Tour de France:
Winner stage 21
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Almería
Spanish male cyclists
Spanish Tour de France stage winners
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Andalusia
Elk Lick Lodge, also known as the Remann Cabin, was built in 1926 by local settler and builder Grant Humes for Frederick Remann as a personal fishing retreat in what became Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. It was originally built next to the Elwha River, but was moved to higher ground in 1939 to escape the threat of flooding. With the H.H. Botten cabin it is one of only two private fishing cabins to have survived from pre-park days, both built by Humes.
Frederick Remann was a Tacoma, Washington resident. An attorney, he was a Pierce County Superior Court judge from 1926 to 1948. Remann and friends and family used the cabin until his death in 1949.
The cabin is rectangular, measuring by with a deep porch, of log construction with dovetail corners. The roof and gable are covered with cedar shingles.
The cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 2007.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Houses completed in 1926
Buildings and structures in Jefferson County, Washington
National Register of Historic Places in Olympic National Park
Rustic architecture in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Washington
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
1926 establishments in Washington (state)
Independent Age is an older people's charity based in the UK. It has offices in London, Newcastle and Glasgow, and staff and volunteers based in a number of other UK locations. It is a registered charity in England & Wales and in Scotland. The charity was formerly known as the Royal United Kingdom Beneficent Association (RUKBA). In 2005, the charity re-branded and became known as Independent Age.
History
The charity began when six people set up a voluntary society, The United Kingdom Beneficent Association (UKBA), to aid the newly poor in 1863. Their goal was to prevent destitution by providing those in poverty with a small, regular income for life. Applicants were required to be over 40, living on less than £25 a year and from the 'upper and middle classes' (who were thought to have been 'sadly overlooked in the desire... to better the condition of the lower orders'). These original founders were Sir William Thomas Charley and his brother-in-law, Captain William Mackenzie, Captain James Story, Reverend William Cardall, Reverend Walter Howse, and Reverend William Windle.
The UKBA was incorporated under the Royal Charter in 1911, and renamed The Royal United Kingdom Beneficent Association (RUKBA). It was rebranded as Independent Age in 2005, merging with Counsel and Care and Universal Beneficent Society (UBS) in October 2011. It is still registered under its original name with the Charity Commission.
Charitable work
The charity's information and advice services cover subjects such as care and support, money and benefits, health and mobility. Volunteers make regular telephone calls or visits so that older people have someone to talk to regularly. More specialist roles involve helping people through a difficult time (such as a bereavement), helping older people become more involved in their communities, and local outreach. Other volunteer roles involve organising or training other volunteers, helping with local administrative tasks, and a range of other functions.
References
External links
Independent Age website
Royal United Kingdom Beneficient Association, Registered Charity no. 210729 at the Charity Commission
Advice organizations
Charities for the elderly based in the United Kingdom
This is a discography of the German singer Mark Medlock.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilations
2008: Album Collection (Box set compilation)
2013: Mr. Lonely / Dreamcatcher
2015: Best Of
Remixes
2011: Der Hit-Mix
Video albums
2008: Live in Offenbach
2008: Cloud Dancer (Deluxe-Edition)
2011: My World (Deluxe-Edition)
EPs
2008: Famous 5: Mark Medlock
Singles
Collaborative Singles
Other songs
2013: "Car Wash"
2017: "In Love with a Ghost"
2017: "When the Rain Comes"
Music videos
References
Medlock, Mark
Chappell Roan (born 1998) is an American singer and songwriter based in Los Angeles. A pop music artist, she writes most of her own songs and has described her style as "dark pop with ballad undertones."
When she was 17 years old and in eleventh grade, Roan uploaded a song titled "Die Young" to YouTube, leading Atlantic Records to sign her to the label. In summer 2020, she released a song titled "Pink Pony Club", which was later described as "the Song of Summer 2021" in Vulture. As of 2022, she was an independent artist.
Early life
Chappell Roan was born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz in Willard, Missouri. When she was 10 or 11, she began playing the piano. At 14 or 15 years old, she began uploading cover versions of songs to YouTube, drawing attention from various record labels. When she entered her teen years she began songwriting. When she was 17 years old, she uploaded a song titled "Die Young", and was subsequently signed to Atlantic Records. She was in eleventh grade at the time. Amstutz took the stage name Chappell Roan in honor of her grandfather, Dennis K. Chappell, who died of brain cancer in 2016; his favorite song was "The Strawberry Roan". She has expressed dislike for her real name.
Musical career
Early releases
On August 3, 2017, Chappell Roan released her first single, a song titled "Good Hurt". The song was reviewed favorably in Interview, in which an article praised her "striking maturity and surprisingly deep vocals" On September 22, 2017, she released an EP titled School Nights. Also in 2017, she went on her first concert tour, the Lay It On Me Tour headlined by Vance Joy.
In 2018, Roan moved to Los Angeles from Springfield, Missouri. She later described feeling "overwhelmed with complete love and acceptance" after the move, stating that it allowed her to begin "writing songs as the real me." From January to March 2018, she toured the United States with Declan McKenna.
"Pink Pony Club"
In April 2020, Chappell Roan released the song “Pink Pony Club”, which was later described in Vulture as "the Song of Summer 2021". According to the article in question, the song is a "synthy infectious bangarang" that (in reference to its 2020 release amid the COVID-19 pandemic) is "the song of summer of our time, just not the correct time". “Pink Pony Club” tells the story of a girl who leaves the small town where she lives to become a stripper in West Hollywood; Roan has cited a visit to The Abbey in West Hollywood as the inspiration for the song, which has been described as "highly autobiographical". She told Cherwell that the song was about her desire to become a go-go dancer in Los Angeles, stating that "truthfully, I'm not confident enough to do that, so I wrote a song about it". "Pink Pony Club" was produced by Dan Nigro; a music video for the song was directed by Griffin Stoddard.
USA Today ranked the song third on a list of the "10 best songs of 2020", directly above "WAP" and below "Levitating"; an accompanying description characterized it as dance-pop that "earnestly [celebrates] queer culture, acceptance and chasing your dreams." By August 2022, the song had been streamed more than 10 million times on Spotify.
As an independent artist
In March 2022, Chappell Roan released a single titled "Naked in Manhattan". The song was her first release in two years, and her first as an independent artist. It was described by NPR as a "queer girl bop" with lyrics that are "tender, nostalgic" and "flirty yet uncertain". Roan also was selected to open for Olivia Rodrigo at the San Francisco performance of Rodrigo's Sour Tour. In August 2022, she released a second independent single under the title "Femininominon"; Earmilk described the song as "so fun and loud but so intricate" and noted that it was different from Roan's past releases. Roan stated that the song, which was produced by Dan Nigro, was an attempt to "get away with being as ridiculous as I possibly can". An accompanying self-directed music video featured Roan riding a dirt bike.
Musical style
Chappell Roan writes most of her songs by herself, but has co-written some of them with other songwriters. After the release of her debut single, her style was described in Interview as "pop sound [...] infused with a dark and unsettling tone that underscores her intense, somber lyrics". In 2018, she described her musical style as a mix of organic and electronic sounds, with a pop tone, and as "dark pop with ballad undertones." In her songs written while she was a teenager, according to Atwood Magazine, she "brought the hardship and turbulence of our teenaged years to life with a candidness and vividness seldom seen from her peers."
Roan has cited inspirations including the artist Abbey Watkins, the film The Beguiled, and musical artists alt-J, Stevie Nicks, Lorde, and Lana Del Rey; a 2017 review of her debut EP in PopCrush compared her sound to the latter two artists. She has also stated that the song "Stay" by Rihanna was what inspired her to begin writing music.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Video: "Pink Pony Club"
Living people
21st-century American singers
American pop singers
Singer-songwriters from Missouri
People from Greene County, Missouri
1998 births
Atlantic Records artists
Per Arne Watle (born 1948) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Centre Party. He is best known as the CEO of Widerøe from 1997 to 2008.
Career
He hails from Trondheim, and his father was involved in transport as director of Trondheim Bilruter and Trondheim Trafikkselskap. He took his education at the University of Trondheim, and with the cand.philol. degree he worked as a school teacher in Trondheim for several years. He then worked as information director at SINTEF in Trondheim from 1977 to 1983 and as a personal secretary (now known as political advisor) in the Ministry of Transport and Communications from 1983 to 1985, under Willoch's Second Cabinet. In Trondheim he had chaired the local chapter of the Centre Party for six years. While working as personal secretary he also took a degree in economics at the Norwegian School of Management. In 1985 he was hired in Scandinavian Airlines System, and in 1986 he was promoted to director of SAS Norge. He was then director of marketing in Tine Norske Meierier from 1990 to 1994 and director in Gilde from 1994 to 1997. He has been the board chairman of Norsk Rikstoto, and from 1988 to 1994 he held the same position in Nationen. In 1997 he was hired as CEO of Widerøe. Soon after his takeover, the company was sold by Fred. Olsen & Co. and bought by the SAS Group. Within the SAS Group, Widerøe eventually took over the regional route operations in Northern Norway, having been run under the name SAS Commuter. He remained in Widerøe for eleven years, and also chaired the Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries.
In 2008 he resigned as CEO of Widerøe. He also stepped down as president of the European Regions Airline Association. Later that year he was hired as head of the European Commission's Industry Consultation Body on the Single European Sky project. He is also the chair of Hurtigruten.
He resides in Lommedalen. Hobbies include English setter breeding and lagopus hunting.
References
1948 births
Living people
Widerøe people
Norwegian airline chief executives
Centre Party (Norway) politicians
Politicians from Trondheim
Norwegian University of Science and Technology alumni
BI Norwegian Business School alumni
Norwegian non-fiction writers
José Manuel Crespo Hidalgo (born 4 December 1962) is a Spanish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1962 births
Living people
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
20th-century Spanish people
"Get Home" is a song by American recording artist JR Castro. It was released on July 31, 2015, as the first single from his second EP, Sexpectations, Vol.1 (2017). The track, produced by DJ Mustard, features guest appearances from American rappers Kid Ink and Quavo of Migos.
Music video
The official music video for "Get Home" premiered on October 9, 2015, on Castro's VEVO channel.
Track listing
Digital download
"Get Home" (Explicit) – 4:00
"Get Home" (Clean) – 4:00
Charts
References
External links
2015 songs
2015 singles
Kid Ink songs
Song recordings produced by Mustard (record producer)
Songs written by Poo Bear
Songs written by Sean Combs
Songs written by Faith Evans
Songs written by James Giannos
Songs written by Dominic Jordan
Songs written by Mustard (record producer)
Songs written by Kid Ink
Quavo songs
Songs written by Quavo
The Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries () is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was founded in 1988 as Flyselskapenes Landsforening, which corresponds to the current English name. The name change came in 2006. The federation currently has 60 member companies, among them Scandinavian Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle.
The current director general is Torbjørn Lothe. Chairman of the board is Stein Nilsen. Their headquarters are at Majorstuen, Oslo.
References
External links
Official site
Organizations established in 1988
Employers' organisations in Norway
Organisations based in Oslo
Morgan Berchet (born 2 March 1994) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France. He races in the French Superbike Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1.
Career statistics
2009- 9th, French 125cc Championship #163 Honda RS125R
2010- 5th, French 125cc Championship #163 Honda RS125R
2011-
2012- 4th, French 600 Trophy #63 Yamaha YZF-R6
2013- 1st, French 600 Trophy #63 Yamaha YZF-R6
2014- 6th, French Supersport Championship #63 Yamaha YZF-R6
2015- 8th, French Supersport Championship #63 Yamaha YZF-R6
2016- 8th, Endurance FIM World Cup #33 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2016- 16th, French Superbike Championship #33 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2017- 8th, French Superbike Championship #63 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2018- French Superbike Championship #63 Yamaha YZF-R1
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1994 births
Living people
French motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
John Gunn Falconer (2 January 1902 – 1982) was a Scottish professional footballer who made over 200 appearances in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath as a goalkeeper.
Career
A goalkeeper, Falconer made 204 appearances in the top two divisions of Scottish football for Cowdenbeath in two spells between 1921 and 1928. While with the Fife club, he made one appearance for the Scottish League XI against the Football League XI in March 1928, but six months later his career appeared to have been ended when he sustained a broken kneecap.
He made a return to league football with Celtic in 1931 and was soon unexpectedly back in First Division action when he had to replace John Thomson, who had been fatally injured during a match. However, Joe Kennaway soon arrived at Celtic Park and after a period as his deputy, Falconer moved to Second Division club East Stirlingshire in 1933, where he played for one season.
Career statistics
Honours
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
Scottish footballers
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
1902 births
1982 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
People from Govan
Celtic F.C. players
East Stirlingshire F.C. players
St Anthony's F.C. players
Stranraer F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Mirapolis was a theme park located in Courdimanche (Val-d'Oise, France), which was based on elements from French literature (novels and fables) and culture.
Mirapolis was opened in 1987. Spanning , the park was described as being ‘France's first large amusement park'. It encountered several problems, like other contemporary French parks, such as or . Mirapolis eventually closed in 1991, and was mostly demolished.
History
Development
Mirapolis was originally the idea of the architect Anne Fourcade. Sodex Parc and the set up the financial arrangement for the main investor, Saudi businessman Ghaith Pharaon.
Inspired by the big theme parks of the time, such as Disneyland, Mirapolis was to be one of the first French theme parks, and it was to be based on French tales and novels. The park would be dominated by a huge statue of Gargantua, inside which a dark ride attraction would be installed.
Opening
Mirapolis was inaugurated on 20 May 1987 by Jacques Chirac, who was Prime Minister at the time. The park included 20 attractions, 3.000 restaurant seats, 13 stores, 12 food kiosks; it was able to welcome 28.000 visitors a day. It was split into 8 themed areas.
In 1988, the famous singer Carlos becomes sponsor of the park.
The first year, the bad weather was a disadvantage for outdoor events, and people often took refuge in the "Grand Théâtre". Also, tens of thousands of people have seen a children's musical: "Partir à point", with lyrics and music by René-Louis Baron. It was a comic mixture of works of La Fontaine, a staging of giant puppets created by Yves Brunier (creator of the giant puppet "Casimir").
Closure, demolition and abandonment
The park was closed in 1991 because it never turned any profit. The rentability expectations were too optimistic, based on incorrect market research. Mirapolis may have suffered from its complex theming (diluted in 1989 with funfair attractions), its image and its upkeep.
From 1993, the majority of the buildings were demolished. Some attractions were sent to other amusement parks. Dragon des Sortilèges went to Spreepark, as well as Miralooping. Miralooping is now at Europark. Les pirates went to Meli Park. In 2000 it reopened as Plopsaland. On 1 September 1995, after the partial and controversial dismantling of the Gargantua statue, the head was finally dynamited.
In 1994, the road alignment near Mirapolis was modified. The entrance square was made into a traffic circle. The two main section of the car park were made into a road and extended, forming the Boulevard des Merveilles in the area.
The inside of the park was abandoned. Only a few buildings have endured: the gates and their elephant heads, the concrete building of the entrance, the former store, the small kiosk of the Observatoire and the Mur Vauban. The car parks were also abandoned, partially hidden by the vegetation.
Sometimes, the park is used by the National Gendarmerie and the GIGN for manoeuvres.
On 20 May 2017, to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the opening of the park, the association ‘Mirapolis, les amis du parc' set up an exhibition in the Salle Georges Brassens of Menucourt, retracing the history of Mirapolis with the help of photographs, models and items.
Reconversion
The building of a touristic ecodistrict was expected in 2018 on the former site of Mirapolis.
Gallery
See also
Lillom
Parc Astérix
Disneyland Park (Paris)
Walygator Parc
References
Bibliography
More information in the French magazine Dixième Planète n° 42 (August–September 2006).
External links
Defunct amusement parks in France
Amusement parks in France
1987 establishments in France
1991 disestablishments in France
Amusement parks opened in 1987
Amusement parks closed in 1991
Bob Paul Kane (1937 — 2013) was an American painter known for his gestural style, vibrant colors, and festive subject matter.
Early life and education
Kane was born in Cleveland, Ohio. As a child he attended the Cleveland Museum School, where he was exposed to drawing and painting; and later the Cleveland Institute of Art in 1953–54. In 1955 he enrolled at Cornell University, but left a year later to pursue painting, heading to Provincetown, Massachusetts, where he met sculptor Chaim Gross. They developed a close relationship, and Kane returned with the Gross family to New York in the fall of 1956. At Gross' encouragement, he studied at the Art Students League of New York, and accepted a one-year scholarship to Pratt Institute in 1958.
At the Art Students League, Kane studied with George Grosz, and with Will Barnet, who became one of his greatest influences. Barnet's class was where Kane met Belgian student Eva Marie Honigman in 1961, whom he married three years later. Her work as a textile designer, with its bold sense of color and design, inspired him. “She is by far the greatest influence on me," Kane said. "When I first met her, her French feeling for gaiety impressed me and has become a major part of my work.”
Artistic style
Kane is known for his synthesis of a colorful impressionist palette with a decidedly American sensibility. His works are full of lively brushwork and spontaneity, described by critic Richard J. Boyle as a “fast and furious style of painting.” MoMA Curator John Elderfield notes that Kane's paintings “look back through Philip Guston's coloration and seek to pursue the brightness and freedom associated with Henri Matisse's palette.”
From Will Barnet, Kane learned structure and control of space and depth, but his most quintessential passion was for color. Barnet says of Kane: "The very first time I saw Bob Kane's work, I recognized his unique talent. His painting had an energy and an explosive force. This combined with an underlined passion for nature in all its elements has dominated his work throughout his career.”
Kane was inspired by his visits to beach towns in the Mediterranean, where he soaked up sensuous subject matter with intense light and color. He often painted with watercolors on location, then produced oil paintings back in his New York studio. On painting en plein air, Kane says, “I have been lucky in my studios. My one in Rome was a café across from the Pantheon, and in Venice a gondoliere offered me his gondola when he was not using it.”
His travels took him to France, Italy, Spain, Greece, and Morocco, specifically cities such as Nice, Positano, Naples, Cannes, and Venice. Visits to Nice's Marché aux Fleurs, for instance, inspired his flower still lifes.
On his approach, Kane says, “I have tried to eliminate a vase sitting on a table, but rather make the flowers surround you as in a garden yet maintaining the logic of the picture plane and structure, and this concept is with me in all my compositions. The problem for the figurative painter, I believe, is to capture the wildness of abstraction and use it to give life to the objects he loves.”
Popularity
Kane enjoyed great popularity among actors. Provincetown in the late 1960s was a hub for artists and theater people. It was there he met some actors who later collected his work, including Frederic Kimball.Many of his works were acquired by Connie and Jerry Wald, the film producer. Connie Wald was one of his staunchest supporters, introducing his work to many of her friends in the film world, and establishing Kane in California. She introduced Bob's work to Audrey Hepburn, with whom Kane developed a lifelong friendship, and who acquired a large collection of Kane's paintings. Her son, Sean Hepburn Ferrer, said that Audrey loved Bob's work and owned 20 of his paintings. Audrey Hepburn wrote to Kane on January 30, 1973: "I am permanently indebted to you for all of the gaiety you have brought to our house." Around this time in the early 1970s, Kane also met other actors such as Jill Clayburgh, Al Pacino, and later Brian Cox, Irina Brook and Faye Grant, who also acquired his work. Other celebrity collectors include Jamie Lee Curtis and Mary Tyler Moore. Paul Benedict also bought many of Kane's paintings as gifts for theater friends and wedding presents.
In 1970, Joseph Hishhorn of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden bought Kane's paintings of Vence, home of Matisse near the end of his life. Also a major art collector, his wife Olga Hirschhorn became a Kane supporter: "Joe Hirshhorn introduced me to Bob Kane's work in the early sixties. Joe was expanding his art collection and I was starting mine. Kane's paintings reflect his love of Italy, France, and Spain as he returns each year to portray intimate scenes of everyday activity. Vibrant, warm colors dominate his palette, as they display his love for life, people, and friendly places. Capturing scenes of local color most people might miss, his titles reflect his eye for diverse interest."
Edward Broida was also one of Kane's most important collectors, and was known for his adventurous, independent-minded collection, much of which he donated to New York's Museum of Modern Art in 2005.
Exhibitions
Kane presented solo exhibitions at Bertha Schaefer Gallery in New York, Ankrum Gallery in Los Angeles, Galerie Marcel Bernheim in Paris, the Musée de St. Paul de Vence in France, the American Embassy in Tokyo, Japan and Berne, Switzerland.
He began working with Harmon-Meek Gallery in Naples, Florida in 1987 at the suggestion of Will Barnet. "Barnet has had thousands of students since the early 1950s, and yet Kane was the only one he ever recommended joining him as a gallery artist at this gallery, the gallery he has been associated with since 1970." Kane has had 25 exhibitions there since 1989.
Hollis Taggart Gallery in New York presented a solo exhibition of Kane's work, “Journey into Color”, in 2006.
His works are included in more than 30 museums' permanent collections. The most recent inclusions were at the Museum of Modern Art in New York (2011) and the Orlando Museum of Art in Florida (2012).
References
1937 births
2013 deaths
American male painters
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Artists from Cleveland
Painters from Ohio
Cornell University alumni
Cleveland Institute of Art alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Pratt Institute alumni
20th-century American male artists
Percina carbonaria, the Texas logperch, is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish, a darter from the subfamily Etheostomatinae, part of the family Percidae, which also contains the perches, ruffes and pikeperches.
Geographic distribution
Found only in the Brazos, Colorado, Concho River, Guadalupe and San Antonio River drainages in Texas.
References
carbonaria
Fish described in 1853
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Nonlocality may refer to:
Action at a distance, the concept in physics of nonlocal interactions
Principle of locality, the opposite of action at a distance
Quantum nonlocality, nonlocal phenomena in quantum mechanics
Nonlocal Lagrangian, a type of Lagrangian (a mathematical function)
See also
Locality (disambiguation)
Nonlocal (disambiguation)
ru:Нелокальность
Erigeron piperianus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Piper's fleabane. It has been found only in the state of Washington in the northwestern United States.
Erigeron piperianus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 12 centimeters (4.8 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem. Each head has 25–40 yellow ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The plant grows in dry, open, relatively flat land, often with sagebrush.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Washington in 1935, isotype of Erigeron piperianus
piperianus
Plants described in 1947
Flora of Washington (state)
Oliver Mitchell Wentworth Sprague ( – ) was an American economist and president of the American Economic Association in 1937. His research focused on fiscal policy and central banking.
Early life and education
Sprague was born to William Wallace (1842–1912), a businessman, and Miriam Sprague (née Wentworth) on April 22, 1873, in Somerville, Massachusetts. He attended St. Johnsbury Academy and graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University in 1894. He went on to further study at Harvard, receiving an AM in 1896 and PhD in political science in 1897.
Career
After a year of study in England, Sprague was made Austin Teaching Fellow in political economy, a one-year fixed-term position, at Harvard College in fall 1899. He became instructor in political economy in 1900 and was promoted to assistant professor of economics in 1904. The Imperial University of Tokyo appointed him as a full professor of economics in 1905, where he stayed until 1908 when he returned to Harvard as an assistant professor of banking and finance at the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration. He was made Edmund Cogswell Converse Professor of Banking and Finance in 1913, a post he held until his retirement in 1941.
He was elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1931 and member of the American Philosophical Society in 1938.
He served on the editorial board of the Quarterly Journal of Economics from 1909 to 1920.
Other activities
Sprague held numerous advisory roles throughout his career. The Bank of England appointed him Chief Economist from 1930 to 1933; he was the second American to occupy this role. He also advised the Reichsbank, the Bank of France, the Bank for International Settlements, and the League of Nations. He was a member of the League's Gold Delegation, which promoted the Gold Standard.
Following his stint at the Bank of England, he served as assistant to the Secretary of the Treasury in 1933, a role he left the same year due to disagreement over the optimal path to recovery for the US economy.
He used his expertise for various positions in the private sector too. He was a director of the National Shawmut Bank and a foreign exchange advisor to the General Motors Corporation. He died in Boston, aged 80.
Personal life
Sprague married Fanny Knights Ide in 1905. They had two children, Katherine Ida and Theodore Wentworth Sprague. He had four siblings: Charles Wentworth, Maude, Arthur and William. The number of publications he could author was limited by his poor eyesight.
Theodore (1912 – 2000) would graduate from the University of Cambridge, attend Johns Hopkins University for a year and receive his PhD in economics and sociology from Harvard in 1942, writing about "Some problems in the integration of social groups, with special reference to Jehovah's Witnesses", then become a substitute instructor in sociology at the University of Connecticut. He went on to teach sociology at Earlham College and Colgate University. He became a competitive dog breeder after his retirement.
Selected works
Footnotes
References
1873 births
1953 deaths
American economists
Harvard University alumni
Harvard Business School faculty
Harvard University faculty
Presidents of the American Economic Association
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the American Philosophical Society
People from Somerville, Massachusetts
The Royal Society Range () is a mountain range in Victoria Land, Antarctica. With its summit at , the massive Mount Lister forms the highest point in this range. Mount Lister is located along the western shore of McMurdo Sound between the Koettlitz, Skelton and Ferrar glaciers. Other notable local terrain features include Allison Glacier, which descends from the west slopes of the Royal Society Range into Skelton Glacier.
Discovery and naming
The range was probably first seen by Captain James Clark Ross in 1841.
The range was explored by the British National Antarctic Expedition (BrNAE) under Robert Falcon Scott, who named the range after the Royal Society and applied names of its members to many of its peaks. For example, Mount Lister was named for Lord Joseph Lister, President of the Royal Society, 1895–1900. The Royal Society provided financial support to the expedition and its members had assisted on the committee which organized the expedition.
Geology
The Royal Society Range consists of a Precambrian igneous and meta-igneous basement complex overlain by Devonian- to Triassic-age sandstones, siltstones and conglomerates of the Beacon Supergroup which dip shallowly westward away from the Ross Sea coast. The entire region is cut by north–south trending longitudinal faults, east–west trending transverse faults, and structurally related dike swarms.
Tectonic and fluvial activity have featured very heavily in the recent geologic history of the Royal Society Range. Following the extension of the Ross Sea Basin (c. 55 million years ago), an episode of uplift drove the creation of the Royal Society Range rift flank. At this time a tectonic (though not accretionary) wedge, up to 6 km thick on the coast, was present, though it quickly began to erode due primarily to fluvial processes, and the Royal Society Range was cut down near to its present appearance by the mid-Miocene. Relatively limited glacial action since that time has preserved much of the fluvial architecture of the Range, and though uplift did not cease, its magnitude is such that it has not drastically affected the landscape, having progressed only 67 meters in the last 8 million years.
Koettlitz Glacier Alkaline Province
Neoproterozoic tectonic extension along the edge of the East Antarctic Craton between the Skelton and Koettlitz Glaciers resulted in the emplacement of coarse grained alkaline igneous intrusive rocks (ranging from gabbro to A-type granite). This area of alkaline intrusives is referred to as the Koettlitz Glacier Alkaline Province
Ross Orogeny
Cambrian tectonic convergence, continental collision and plate subduction led to the emplacement of calc-alkaline and adakitic granitoids. This period of mountain building is referred to as the Ross Orogeny.
Volcanic history
The Royal Society Range contains over 50 basaltic vents, ranging in size from tiny mounds to cinder cones up to 300 meters (985 feet) high. Dating of surface material indicates they were active earlier than 15 million years ago (e.g. Heald Island) and as recently as 80,000 years ago, with glacier-bound tephra layers suggesting even more recent Holocene activity. The vast majority of vents are located in the foothills of the Royal Society mountains just north of Koettlitz Glacier, and most are Quaternary in age. Most emanating flows are 3–10 meters thick and less than 4 kilometers long. The composition, with very few exceptions, is porphyritic basanite with primarily olivine and clinopyroxene phenocrysts, though some phenocrystic plagioclase is also present.
Features
Abbott Spur
Allison Glacier
Amphitheatre Glacier
Anne Hill
Auster Pass
Ball Glacier
Baronick Glacier
Battleship
Berry Spur
Bindschadler Glacier
Bishop Peak
Boom Basin
Borg Bastion
Brandau Crater
Bubble Spur
Carleton Glacier
Cathedral Rocks
Chancellor Ridge
Chaplains Tableland
Columnar Valley
Comberiate Glacier
Copland Pass
Covert Glacier
Craw Ridge
Dale Glacier
Dot Cliff
Dromedary Glacier
Emmanuel Glacier
Engebretson Peak
Ferrar Glacier
Fisher Bastion
Fogle Peak
Foster Glacier
Frio Peak
Frostbite Spine
Harvey Summit
Heke Peak
Henderson Pyramid
Highway Ridge
Hofmann Spur
Hooker Glacier
Hooper Crags
Horseshoe Crater
Howchin Glacier
Ibarra Peak
Inan Peak
Jezek Glacier
Jigsaw Rock Gut
Johns Hopkins Ridge
Joseph Lister
Kamb Glacier
Kenney Nunatak
Koettlitz Glacier
Lava Tongue Pass
Lettau Peak
Lister Glacier
Lower Jaw Glacier
Maine Ridge
Margaret Hill
Matataua Glacier
Mata Taua Peak
McConchie Ridge
McDermott Glacier
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Mitchell Glacier
Mount Bockheim
Mount Chiang
Mount Cocks
Mount Duvall
Mount Essinger
Mount Fuller
Mount Hooker
Mount Huggins
Mount Huxle
Mount Kempe
Mount Lisicky
Mount Lister
Mount Mignone
Mount Moxley
Mount Rucker
Mount Schwerdtfeger
Mount Stearns
Mount Windle
Murcray Heights
Murihau Peak
Navajo Butte
Pearsall Ridge
Platform Spur
Potter Glacier
Poutini Peak
Puke Toropa Mountain
Radian Glacier
Rampart Ridge
Rester Peak
Royal Society
Rucker Ridge
Rutgers Glacier
Salient Glacier
Salient Peak
Salient Ridge
Shupe Peak
Skelton Glacier
Skelton Névé
Sladen Summit
Solomon Glacier
Solomon Saddle
Sphinx Valley
Spring Glacier
Stoner Peak
Tasman Ridge
Terminus Mountain
The Pimple
Transit Ridge
Tuati Peak
Umran Inan
Waiparahoaka Mountain
Walcott Glacier
Ward Glacier
Ward Lake
Wirdnam Glacier
See also
List of volcanoes in Antarctica
List of Ultras of Antarctica
List of islands by highest point
References
External links
Scott Coast
Volcanoes of Victoria Land
Cenozoic volcanism
Demi Getschko (born 4 May 1953) is a Brazilian computer scientist who is considered one of the pioneers of the Internet in Brazil. He currently is the CEO of NIC.br.
Early life
Son of Bulgarian immigrants Emil Gestchko and pharmacist Erifili Dimitrova, Demi was born in Trieste, Free Territory of Trieste (now Italy), and arrived as refugees in Santos, Brazil at age of 11 months.
Career
Getschko is an electrical engineer who graduated from the Polytechnic School of the University of São Paulo in 1975, with a master's degree in 1980 and a doctorate in 1989, both in engineering by the same institution.
He worked at the Electronic Computing Center (CCE) at USP (1971–1985) and at the Data Processing Center at the São Paulo Research Foundation (1986–1996). In that period, he was an operations coordinator at RNP and participated in the network deployment effort in the country. He was one of those responsible for the first Brazilian TCP/IP connection in 1991 between FAPESP and the Energy Sciences Network (ESNet) in the United States by Fermilab. As such, he is considered one of the pioneers of Brazilian Internet.
Getschko worked as the Technology Director for Agência Estado, a subsidiary of Grupo Estado, between 1996 and 2000, and again between 2002 and 2005. He also served as the vice president of technology for iG between 2000 and 2001.
He was also a professor at the Polytechnic School of USP, and today he is an associate professor at the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo, where he teaches computer architecture (CA) and coordinates the Layer 2 laboratory of Projeto KyaTera.
Until May 2009, Getschko served as a member of the board of directors of ICANN by the ccNSO (Country Code Names Support Organization), elected for the 2005–2007 term and re-elected for the 2007–2009 term.
He has been a director of the Comitê Gestor da Internet no Brasil since 1995 and has been the CEO of NIC.br since 2006. He is also a member of the advisory board of the Brazilian Chamber of Electronic Commerce. In October 2010, he was appointed a member of the board of directors of Telebrás. In April 2014, he was honored with his inclusion in the Internet Hall of Fame of the Internet Society in the Global connectors category, later serving on the Hall of Fame's advisory board in 2017. In April 2016, he received a special tribute in the 1st Digital Professional Award of ABRADi-SP, for his years of contributions to the Brazilian Internet.
References
External links
Curriculum Lattes
Profile of Demi Getschko at ICANN
Blog in the newspaperEstado de S. Paulo
1954 births
Living people
Engineers from Trieste
Italian emigrants to Brazil
Brazilian engineers
Brazilian computer scientists
Internet pioneers
Deborah Gray is an Australian former high fashion model and actress who is now best known as an internationally best selling author of non-fiction spell books and jazz singer.
Early life
Gray was born in Canberra where as a teenager she won the Teen Model of the Year competition, after which she was scouted by a leading agent for a modelling contract with Viviens Management. She appeared on catwalks, top fashion magazine covers and starred in TV commercials.
Acting career
In 1977 at the age of 19, she branched out into acting and burst onto TV screens and into Australian TV history with her role on the television soap opera Number 96. In the show's story Gray's character of Miss Hemingway has a psychological aversion to wearing clothes so seeks help from Number 96's resident psychologist. The comedic storyline she appeared in was specifically devised to boost the show's declining ratings in 1977;
The first appearances by Gray screened in April 1977. Initially she would appear striding into a room of the show's resident psychologist's office and slipping off her expensive mink coat. Over several weeks her character would be seen to be gradually "cured" of her problem, depicted on screen by Miss Hemingway adding one item of clothing with each appearance in the show. However the immense publicity surrounding Gray's acting debut was not enough to boost the program's ratings sufficiently; Number 96 succumbed to its declining viewing figures and was abruptly cancelled in July 1977.
Deborah continued her acting career as a popular television and film actress, and was considered a leading sex symbol at the time. She played a continuing dramatic role in soap opera The Young Doctors, acted in a guest role in the police drama series Bellamy (1981), and was a regular co-host in an Australian Candid Camera style television series titled Catch Us If You Can. Gray started an all-girl cabaret act named Deborah Gray and the Flames (one of the flames was future Perfect Match hostess Debbie Newsome). Gray went on to appear on the cover of Australian Playboy Magazine and was showcased in its best-selling actor profile and pictorial, and acted in two 1981 feature films, the comedy feature Pacific Banana, and The Best of Friends. Gray co-wrote and sang the title song from Pacific Banana with fellow co-star Luan Peters.
Other musical forays at the time were the song "Mellow Loving" and "Love Song of O", which peaked at number 89 in Australia in January 1978.
Music and Writing
In the early Eighties, Gray continued recording and songwriting when she secured a record deal with the German Hansa Label/Coconut Records and a subsequent European top 40 hit No Time to Lose, which was released in 1982.
Having recorded and toured with her bandmate Luan Peters in Europe throughout that year, and despite being beguiled by the continent's liberated synth-pop textures, Gray returned down-under to Australia in early 1983 looking to build on the interest in her own solo material (by CBS New York) and by imagining a sophisticated visual and electronic duo alternative. Back in Sydney, Australia, she found musical partnership with musician/producer Roy Nicolson who had just returned from producing and writing in the UK. Recording with Nicolson in 1983 an album's worth of demos were written and formed by the new duo Deborah named ARVO and the now cult classic synth pop album "LUNA" was released. in 1984.
By 1986 Gray, tired of the 'sex-symbol' actress tag and, alarmed at the local film industry's growing penchant for violent films, left acting altogether to pursue songwriting and music full-time. She moved to New York in 1986 to study jazz vocalization and songwriting. She lived there for 9 years, performing in many of the known cabaret and jazz clubs (Maxims, Blue Note, Bradleys, The Supper Club, Tatous) and recording her first all original jazz CD featuring trumpeter Roy Hargrove.
Gray returned to Australia in 1997 where she is based in Australia continues her jazz performing and recording and is an author, songwriter and producer. Her 'magickal' themed non-fiction books have been translated into 10 languages.
Currently
She produced and hosted the 2005 documentary Wish on a Spell, the DVD released internationally by leading American independent distributor Monterey Media, in mainstream stores throughout the USA, Canada and Australia and via the web. Gray also appeared in the documentary Number 96: The Later Years, a special feature included in the 2006 DVD release of the Number 96 feature film.
Gray released her new Jazz CD 'Jazz Fresh' in late 2007 and is currently shooting scenes for her appearance in the FFC funded documentary hosted by American Pulp Fiction director Quentin Tarantino titled 'Not Quite Hollywood', a film homage to the breakthrough days of Australian films of the 70's and early 80's (set to be released internationally late 2008)
As of July 2018, Deborah's ARVO recordings from the early 1980s, particularly the track "Bikini" and the album "Luna" have become a cult classic with the DJ's worldwide, who have organically discovered them and built a fanbase for these sought after 80's synth/new wave Australian tracks. In response to public demand a 12" Vinyl re-release of ARVO's tracks "Bikini" and "So Deep" have been released in Australia, New Zealand, USA, UK, Germany and Italy with plans to go worldwide and will also be available on streaming sites and digital download. Deborah's new record company in 2018 is 'Strangelove Music" an independent label based in New Zealand.
Notes
External links
Deborah Gray's current website
Directing and hosting Wish on a Spell
Jazz Cd's and music releases
Australian television actresses
1958 births
Living people
20th-century Australian actresses
Australian women singers
Australian female models
Australian women writers
20th-century Australian writers
20th-century women writers
21st-century Australian women
21st-century Australian people
Kristopher Marshall (born 11 April 1973) is an English actor, starring in films, television and on stage for more than 20 years. He has played Nick Harper in My Family, Colin Frissell in the 2003 film Love Actually, Gratiano in The Merchant of Venice, and Dave in the first series of Citizen Khan (2012). He played DI Humphrey Goodman in Death in Paradise from 2014 to 2017.
Early life
Kristopher Marshall was born on 11 April 1973 in Bath, Somerset. His father was a Royal Air Force navigator, whose career included a posting to the Queen's Flight, eventually becoming a squadron leader. Marshall moved with his family to Hong Kong and later to Canada. Upon their return to England, he was educated at Wells Cathedral School as a boarding pupil. After failing his initial A-levels in his first year of sixth form, he enrolled at the Redroofs Theatre School in Maidenhead, Berkshire.
Career
Marshall made an early career appearance on the police series The Bill but it was in 2000 that his major breakthrough role came as Nick Harper in the BBC sitcom My Family. In 2003, he appeared in the film Love Actually as Colin Frissell, an Englishman who goes to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in the United States to find love. In 2004, Marshall appeared as DS Luke Stone in the police drama series Murder City. From 2005 to 2011, Marshall appeared on TV and in print for BT Retail adverts, where he played the character Adam; with Esther Hall portraying his character's eventual wife Jane. He also played The Ginger Dave in the BBC comedy series Citizen Khan in 2012 but left after season 1.
Since departing his full-time role in My Family in 2003, Marshall made guest appearances three times appearing in 2 episodes of season five in 2004 and his final appearance in a short Comic Relief special in 2005. He finished working on the film Heist at the end of 2006, which aired in April 2008 on BBC Four. During the summer of 2008, Marshall appeared at Trafalgar Studios in the first UK run of Neil LaBute's play Fat Pig. He became a regular castmember, playing the character of Ethan on the series Traffic Light in 2011.
In April 2013, it was announced that Marshall would be joining the cast of BBC drama Death In Paradise as the island's new lead detective, DI Humphrey Goodman. His character was introduced in the first episode of the third series which aired in 2014, with his first case being to solve the murder of his predecessor, DI Richard Poole (played by Ben Miller). In January 2017 it was leaked that Marshall would be leaving the series citing the pressures it placed upon his family and that he would be replaced by Ardal O'Hanlon who plays DI Jack Mooney.
Marshall starred as Tom Sanger in the 2015 independent British romantic comedy Sparks & Embers.
Filmography
Film, television, and radio
Theatre
Music video
Chicane No More I Sleep
Awards
2002 – British Comedy Awards – Best Newcomer
Personal life
Marshall married Hannah Dodkin in 2012. They have lived in Bath with their son, Thomas and daughter, Elsie since 2014. Previously they had lived in the Long Barton area of Wells.
Marshall was hit by a car in Bristol in 2008. The crash happened in the early hours of 28 April as he enjoyed a night out with friends in Bristol city centre. He was taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary, where a scan revealed head injuries. He made a full recovery and began his performances in the play Fat Pig three weeks later than scheduled. Marshall passionately supports Aston Villa F.C. and has said that a card from the club helped him through his recovery.
In October 2011, Marshall was charged with failing to provide a breath test after police stopped his car in the Tesco car park in Wells. Marshall had failed a breath test at the scene, and then refused to provide a second sample at the police station. He pleaded guilty and was disqualified from driving for six months.
References
External links
BBC Comedy profile
1973 births
Living people
Male actors from Somerset
People from Bath, Somerset
People educated at Wells Cathedral School
British expatriates in Hong Kong
English expatriates in Canada
People educated at Redroofs Theatre School
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male Shakespearean actors
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Pasaje Seaver is a composition for piano solo by Juan María Solare. Duration: about 7 minutes.
The piece has been written in Worpswede (Germany), in December 2001, within the frame of an "artist in residence" programme at the foundation "Künstlerhäuser Worpswede". Pasaje Seaver has the ISWC: T-800.025.719-3.
Known performances
Premiere by the composer at the piano on 15 March 2002, recital "Hommage à Gardel" at the Café Central in Worpswede (Germany).
Juan María Solare, 3 de mayo de 2002, en el Music Hall de Worpswede (el recital fue filmado por el cineasta Reinhard Hölker, co-becario de las Künstlerhäuser Worpswede).
Natalia Cabello, Conservatorio de Música de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires", 17/DIC/2003.
Juan María Solare, Conservatorio de Tandil. 19/DIC/2003.
Juan María Solare, Universität Bremen, 19/FEB/2004.
Juan María Solare, Theater MoKS am Theater Bremen, 20/FEB/2004.
Juan María Solare, Bremen (Ichon Park) 8/MAR/2004.
Juan María Solare, Lilienthal, Niels-Stensen-Haus; 2/OCT/2004.
Juan María Solare, Bremen, casa de Ingeborg & Alfred Schmidt-Ehrenberg. 29/ENE/2005.
Juan María Solare, Buenos Aires, Scala de San Telmo, 1/ABR/2005.
Juan María Solare, Mendoza, Auditorio de la Escuela de Música de la Facultad de Artes y Diseño de la Universidad Nacional de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina; el 8/ABR/2005.
Juan María Solare, Bremen, Kulturwerkstatt Westend, 14/ENE/2006.
Juan María Solare, Teatro de la Universidad de Bremen, 2/FEB/2006.
Juan María Solare, Hochschule für Künste (Escuela Superior de las Artes) de Bremen, el 8/JUL/2006 (gran celebración con motivo de la inauguración de las mejoras al edificio).
Juan María Solare, Worpswede (Alemania), Salón Comunitario (Gemeindesaal) de la iglesia Zionskirche, 2/SEP/2007, ciclo "Worpsweder Orgelmusik", Nr 121.
Alfredo Corral, París (Francia), Centre Martenot-Kleber, 30/SEP/2007 (Estreno francés).
Alfredo Corral, Londres, Regent Hall, 5/OCT/2007 (estreno británico)
Alfredo Corral, Londres, St James at Piccadilly, OCT 2007
Scarlett Brebion Kelemen, San José, Costa Rica, 17/NOV/2007, ciclo "Música en la montaña" (casa de Sylvia Montero y Marco Tristán), décimo concierto de la temporada 2007, (estreno costarricense).
Alfredo Corral, Buenos Aires (La Scala de San Telmo), 1/DIC/2007 y 8/DIC/2007.
Juan María Solare, Bremen (Auditorium de la Hochschule für Künste), 14/FEB/2009, evento "Brutstätte" (Estados de incubación).
Juan María Solare, 15/MAY/2009, recital "A short history of tango" en el marco del festival "Tango Rojo" en la Latvian House, London.
Scarlett Brebion Kelemen, 2/JUL/2009, église Saint-Pierre, Brie-sous-Mortagne, Francia (ciclo Jeudis musicaux des églises romanes, organizado por la Communauté d'Agglomération Royan Atlantique).
Juan María Solare, 3/SEP/2009, Bolívar Hall (embassy of Venezuela), London.
Juan María Solare, 28/JAN/2010, Theatersaal of the Universität Bremen (Monographic concert "Tango Nuevo & Neue Musik").
Other appearances of the piece
Pasaje Seaver was used in the Spanish shortfilm "Mesa para dos" by Medardo Amor and Angel Almazán, August 2003.
Recordings
Pasaje Seaver is included in the CD Tango Monologues (Juan Maria Solare, piano) as track 4. After the digital release of the album (2010), it is available in most digital platforms.
Biographic aspects
The composer wrote in the booklet of his CD Tango Monologues:
"I was about eight years old when my father took me to see a street that was being demolished in order to build a highway. Later I learned that the Pasaje Seaver was a street steeped in the more Bohemian traditions of Buenos Aires. My piece Pasaje Seaver symbolizes the systematic destruction of memory in the name of progress - a destruction that may or may not be justified, which is just a question of definition. Musically speaking, tango fragments are brought together with greater or lesser continuity. Pasaje Seaver does not follow a narrative, but paints a static picture of total desolation and ruin. This work is dedicated to my father in memoriam."
Marginalia
Pasaje Seaver has been recorded in the sessions for Solare's previous CD, "Tango Nómade" (with Eduardo Kohan) but must be discarded due to lack of place on the cd.
Pasaje Seaver has been conceived in order to be "deconstructed" and using its fragments in an electroacoustic piece by Solare, "Tango Oublié" (that ended up been composed several years later, in 2007).
Bibliography
Cabello, Natalia. August 2006. "Sobre 'Pasaje Seaver' de Juan María Solare". Conservatorio Municipal Manuel de Falla, Buenos Aires (tutor: prof. Silvia Ziblat).
References
External links
Allmusic
https://www.fervorxbuenosaires.com/pasaje-seaver/
Compositions by Juan María Solare
Compositions for solo piano
2001 compositions
Blanche of France (French: Blanche de France) (1253–1323) was a daughter of King Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence.
Biography
Blanche was born in 1253 in Jaffa, County of Jaffa and Ascalon during the Seventh Crusade led by her father, Louis IX of France.
In November 1269, she married Ferdinand de la Cerda, Infante of Castile, the eldest son of Alfonso X of Castile and Violant of Aragon. They had:
Alfonso (1270–1333), who married Mahaut, daughter of John I of Brienne, Count of Eu. They had four sons and three daughters.
Ferdinand (1275–1322), who married Juana Núñez de Lara, called "la Palomilla", Lady of Lara and Herrera, daughter of Juan Núñez I de Lara and Teresa Álvarez de Azagra. They had one son and three daughters. One daughter, Blanca de La Cerda y Lara, was the mother-in-law of King Henry II of Castile.
Ferdinand predeceased his father in 1275 at Ciudad Real. Blanche and Ferdinand's sons did not inherit the throne of their grandfather, since their uncle, the second son, Sancho, enforced his claim, even by rebelling. Blanche's brother Philip warned Sancho that he would invade Castile on behalf of his two nephews.
Blanche left Castile never to return. Her sons were sent to live with their grandmother Violant of Aragon who had them sent to the fortress of Xàtiva so they would be safe from Sancho.
Blanche died at the Monastère des Clarisses de l'Ave Maria, in Paris, in 1323.
Ancestry
References
Sources
1253 births
1323 deaths
13th-century Spanish women
13th-century French women
14th-century French women
Blanche
French princesses
Castilian infantas
13th-century Castilians
Daughters of kings
Children of Louis IX of France
Överfurir is a Swedish military rank (OR5) reintroduced in 2019, after having been abolished in 1991.
Duties
The överfurir is a Squad Leader at Skill Level C (Advanced). Promotion from Furir to överfurir requires a minimum time-in-grade of three years, although four years is preferably.
Earlier rank insignia
See also
Military ranks of the Swedish Armed Forces
References
Military ranks of the Swedish Army
Oblivion, POV & Some Trivia is a Rhino Records compilation album by Utopia that includes all of the tracks from the original Utopia albums Oblivion and P.O.V., and the song "Man of Action," which was originally the b-side to the U.K. single "Mated" and a bonus track on the cassette and CD versions of P.O.V.. It also includes the non-regular-album tracks, "Fix Your Gaze" and "Monument" from the compilation album Trivia.
Track listing
All songs written by Utopia (Roger Powell, Todd Rundgren, Kasim Sulton, and John Wilcox).
Disc one
"Itch in My Brain" – 4:30
"Love With a Thinker" – 3:15
"Bring Me My Longbow" – 3:18
"If I Didn't Try" – 4:10
"Too Much Water" – 4:40
"Maybe I Could Change" – 4:09
"Crybaby" – 4:20
"Welcome to My Revolution" – 5:04
"Winston Smith Takes It on the Jaw" – 3:18
"I Will Wait" – 4:44
"Fix Your Gaze" – 4:31
Disc two
"Play This Game" – 4:11
"Style" – 4:14
"Stand for Something" – 3:48
"Secret Society" – 4:16
"Zen Machine" – 4:07
"Mated" – 3:55
"Wildlife" – 3:38
"Mimi Gets Mad" – 3:44
"Mystified" – 5:20
"More Light" – 3:54
"Man of Action" – 3:42
"Monument" – 5:41
Personnel
Roger Powell – keyboards, vocals
Todd Rundgren – guitar, vocals
Kasim Sulton – bass, vocals
John "Willie" Wilcox – drums, vocals
Credits
Brett Bayne – project assistant
Murray Brenman – artwork
Lynn Goldsmith – photography
Bill Inglot – remastering
Brett Milano – liner notes
Ken Owen – project assistant
Gary Peterson – reissue producer
Coco Shinomiya – art direction
John Wagman – design
References
External links
1996 compilation albums
Todd Rundgren albums
Albums produced by Todd Rundgren
Rhino Records compilation albums
Utopia (band) albums
The Spectre Film Festival is an annual film festival which was created by the French association Les Films du Spectre
The festival is devoted to science fiction, fantasy and horror and takes place every September in Strasbourg
Beginning
First edition
In 2006, members of the association organized the Hammer Festival devoted to films from Hammer Film Productions.
Events
Otherwise, regularly, 'Spectre Film Festival' organizes events named Horror it's Friday with a cult. film of horror showed into film theatres Star and Star Saint Exupery in Strasbourg.
References
External links
Official website of Spectre Film Festival
Tourist attractions in Strasbourg
Film festivals in France
Fantasy and horror film festivals
Festivals in Strasbourg
Science fiction film festivals
In psychology and neuroscience, motor planning is a set of processes related to the preparation of a movement that occurs during the reaction time (the time between the presentation of a stimulus to a person and that person's initiation of a motor response). Colloquially, the term applies to any process involved in the preparation of a movement during the reaction time, including perception-related and action-related processes. For example, the identification of a task-relevant stimulus is captured by the usual meaning of the term, "motor planning", but this identification process is not strictly motor-related. Wong and colleagues (2015) have proposed a narrower definition to include only movement-related processes: "Specification of the movement trajectory for the desired action, a description of how the end-effector will produce such an action, and finally a description of the full set of the joint trajectories or muscle activations required to execute the movement."
History
References
Cognition
Neurology
Neuroanatomy
Aging-associated diseases
Ailments of unknown cause
Geriatrics
Cytoskeletal defects
Psychiatric diagnosis
The 2012 summer transfer window for Norwegian football transfers opened on 1 August and closed on 31 August 2012. Additionally, players without a club may join at any time. This list includes transfers featuring at least one Tippeligaen or Adeccoligaen club which are completed after the end of the winter 2011–12 transfer window and before the end of the 2012 summer window.
Tippeligaen
Aalesund
In:
Out:
Brann
In:
Out:
Fredrikstad
In:
Out:
Haugesund
In:
Out:
Hønefoss
In:
Out:
Lillestrøm
In:
Out:
Molde
In:
Out:
Odd Grenland
In:
Out:
Rosenborg
In:
Out:
Sandnes Ulf
In:
Out:
Sogndal
In:
Out:
Stabæk
In:
Out:
Strømsgodset
In:
Out:
Tromsø
In:
Out:
Viking
In:
Out:
Vålerenga
In:
Out:
Adeccoligaen
Bodø/Glimt
In:
Out:
Bryne
In:
Out:
Bærum
In:
Out:
Kongsvinger
In:
Out:
Sandefjord
In:
Out:
Sarpsborg 08
In:
Out:
Start
In:
Out:
Tromsdalen
In:
Out:
References
Transfers Summer
Norway
2012
A forensic disk controller or hardware write-block device is a specialized type of computer hard disk controller made for the purpose of gaining read-only access to computer hard drives without the risk of damaging the drive's contents. The device is named forensic because its most common application is for use in investigations where a computer hard drive may contain evidence. Such a controller historically has been made in the form of a dongle that fits between a computer and an IDE or SCSI hard drive, but with the advent of USB and SATA, forensic disk controllers supporting these newer technologies have become widespread. Steve Bress and Mark Menz invented hard drive write blocking (US Patent 6,813,682).
A device which is installed between a storage media under investigation and an investigator's computer is called a "bridge Kit." The bridge kit has one connector for the storage media and another connector the investigator's computer. It allows the investigator to read, but not alter the device under investigation.
The United States National Institute of Justice operates a Computer Forensics Tool Testing (CFTT) program which formally identifies the following top-level tool requirements:
A hardware write block (HWB) device shall not transmit a command to a protected storage device that modifies the data on the storage device.
An HWB device shall return the data requested by a read operation.
An HWB device shall return without modification any access-significant information requested from the drive.
Any error condition reported by the storage device to the HWB device shall be reported to the host.
Description
Forensic disk controllers intercept write commands from the host operating system, preventing them from reaching the drive. Whenever the host bus architecture supports it the controller reports that the drive is read-only. The disk controller can either deny all writes to the disk and report them as failures, or use on-board memory to cache the writes for the duration of the session.
A disk controller that caches writes in memory presents the appearance to the operating system that the drive is writable, and uses the memory to ensure that the operating system sees changes to the individual disk sectors it attempted to overwrite. It does this by retrieving sectors from the disk if the operating system hasn't attempted to change them, and retrieving the changed version from memory for sectors that have been changed.
Uses
Forensic disk controllers are most commonly associated with the process of creating a disk image, or acquisition, during forensic analysis. Their use is to prevent inadvertent modification of evidence.
Using hardware to protect the hard drive from writes is very important for several reasons. First, many operating systems, including Windows, may write to any hard disk that is connected to the system. At the very least, Windows will update the access time for any file accessed, and may write things to the disk unexpectedly - such as creating hidden folders for the recycle bin or saved hardware configuration. Virus infections or malware on the system used for analysis may attempt to infect the disk being inspected. Additionally, the NTFS file system may attempt to commit or rollback unfinished transactions, and/or change flags on the volume to mark it as "in use". At the worst, undesired files may allocate and overwrite deleted space on the hard disk which may potentially destroy evidence in the form of previously deleted files.
Protecting an evidence drive from writes during investigation is also important to counter potential allegations that the contents of the drive were altered during the investigation. Of course, this can be alleged anyway, but in the absence of technology to protect a drive from writes, there is no way for such an allegation to be refuted.
References
Hard disk computer storage
Digital forensics
"Stop to Love" is a song by American recording R&B/soul artist Luther Vandross. Released in 1986 as the lead single from his album Give Me the Reason. It was his first number-one single on the R&B chart since "Never Too Much" in 1981. The upbeat single was also a crossover hit, peaking at number fifteen on the Billboard Hot 100.
Music video
The official music video for the song was directed by Andy Morahan. It features Vandross and various models lip syncing "stop" while riding around in the streets of Los Angeles.
Track listing
US 7" Single
A-Side "Stop To Love" - 4:08 (Single Version)
B-Side "Stop To Love"- 4:55 (Instrumental Version)
UK 10" Single
A1 "Stop To Love" (Remix) - 5:27
B1 "Never Too Much" - 3:51
B2 "Stop To Love" - (Instrumental) - 5:05
Charts
References
1986 songs
1986 singles
Epic Records singles
Luther Vandross songs
Music videos directed by Andy Morahan
Song recordings produced by Luther Vandross
Song recordings produced by Marcus Miller
Songs written by Luther Vandross
Songs written by Nat Adderley Jr.
Royal Air Force Gaydon or more simply RAF Gaydon is a former Royal Air Force station located east of Wellesbourne, Warwickshire and north west of Banbury, Oxfordshire, England.
RAF Gaydon opened in 1942 and is known for its role during the Cold War, when it was under the control of RAF Bomber Command as it was the first Royal Air Force (RAF) station to receive the Vickers Valiant when No. 138 Squadron RAF re-formed here in 1955.
In 1978, the site passed into civilian ownership and today contains the British Motor Museum, the headquarters and factory of automobile manufacturer Aston Martin, and the Jaguar Land Rover Gaydon Centre.
History
Second World War
The airfield was used extensively during the Second World War, being opened in July 1942 and was immediately occupied by No. 12 Operational Training Unit (OTU) as a satellite of RAF Chipping Warden operating Vickers Wellingtons and Avro Ansons training pilots from a number of Allied nations, but mainly Canadian, Czech and New Zealanders. The OTU took newly qualified crew members and taught them how to fly on operations, including small courses about navigation. The airfield was also used by No. 22 OTU from July 1943 as a satellite from the main base of RAF Wellesbourne Mountford using Wellingtons and Ansons. No. 22 OTU while at Gaydon conducted bombing and air sea rescue operations helping to aid the allied war effort. A small unit the No. 312 Ferry Training Unit RAF (FTU) was deployed there training pilots to be employed in ferrying aircraft overseas.
Working on an airfield where the training of pilots was taking place was extremely dangerous because of the inexperience of the crews and the worn condition of their aircraft. The OTU Wellingtons were subject to hard use and this resulted in many accidents. The aircraft were often flown in harsh weather conditions both on UK training sorties and on operations over Northern Europe.
The airfield was based upon the standard Class A airfield for wartime operations with pan dispersals and concrete runways. The runway pattern was aligned with prevailing winds to assist take-offs and landings. The airfield originally had a standard bomber type control tower which was demolished sometime before 1955.
Postwar
Immediately after the war, training bomber crews ceased on 1 July 1945 with No. 3 Glider Training School RAF moving in shortly from RAF Exeter with General Aircraft Hotspurs, Tiger Moths, Airspeed Oxfords and Miles Master II's. The next unit to join was the Glider Instructors Flight RAF who moved from RAF Croughton on 28 May 1946 however their stay was short as Gaydon closed for flying on 15 August 1946. The station was then put on a care and maintenance basis thirteen days later on 28 August 1946.
V-bomber use
During 1953 the building of the new main runway (05-23) had begun with the associated buildings and dispersals being constructed. This included an Operational Readiness Platform and the Gaydon type hangar which was large enough to accommodate the new V-bombers which were coming into service. RAF Gaydon re-opened on 1 March 1954 before the first operational squadron (No. 138 Squadron RAF) arrived on 1 January 1955 which operated the nuclear capable Vickers Valiant B.1s. The squadron stayed at the station until 18 November 1955 when they moved to RAF Wittering.
The next unit to arrive was No. 232 Operational Conversion Unit RAF (OCU) which started operating during July 1957 with the Handley Page Victor B.1 and the English Electric Canberra T.4 with the first 7 Victors arriving on 11 November 1957. All Victor I crews trained at RAF Gaydon alongside the crews of the Valiants. However, in 1962 a similar unit was set up at Wittering called Victor B.2 Conversion Unit RAF which was a section of the OCU before the OCU at Gaydon disbanded on 30 June 1965 with the Victor element becoming the Tanker Training Flight RAF with the airfield being passed over to RAF Flying Training Command (FTC).
In 1968 RAF Flying Training Command formed No. 637 Gliding School RAF at RAF Gaydon for the purpose of Air Cadet glider training.
Under FTC the first unit to arrive was No. 2 Air Navigation School RAF (ANS) which flew the Vickers Varsity for nearly five years before moving to RAF Finningley during May 1970 after becoming part of No. 6 Flying Training School RAF on 24 April 1970.
In 1970 the airfield was transferred to HQ Central Flying School; the first unit being allocated to the airfield was the Strike Command Special Avionics Servicing Unit RAF of No. 1 Group RAF, until it was disbanded on 1 December 1971 when control of the airfield finally passed to No. 71 Maintenance Unit RAF at RAF Bicester before closing on 31 October 1974. No. 637 Gliding School remained at Gaydon until 1977, thereafter it reformed at RAF Little Rissington.
In 1974 the 43 Officer's Married Quarters (OMQ) were used by US Air Force personnel and families while the Airmen's Married Quarters (AMQ) were used by the local council. The OMQ were vacated in 1978 and demolished.
Civilian use
In 1978 the airfield was bought by British Leyland, and with the subsequent development of vehicle test facilities, the site became home to what was then known as BL Technology. The main runway was converted into part of a four-lane test track, and many other tarmac and off-road tracks were created. The buildings that once housed service personnel were sold off and became the village of Lighthorne Heath.
Many of the original RAF buildings were demolished but a number were retained and are still in use to this day. Of particular note are the airfield control tower and the two main hangars, although only one of these retains its original appearance.
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
BBC History WW2 People's War - RAF Wellesbourne Mountford (Part 2)
Royal Air Force stations in Warwickshire
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Hong Sung-woo (; 20 February 1940 – 2 December 2021) was a South Korean politician. A member of the Democratic Justice Party, he served in the National Assembly from 1979 to 1988.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
20th-century South Korean politicians
21st-century South Korean people
People from Anseong
Democratic Justice Party politicians
Members of the National Assembly (South Korea)
Several vessels have born the name Dispatch:
was built in Bermuda and came to England possibly as early as 1786. In 1792 she made a voyage carrying slaves from Africa to the West indies. She was then briefly a privateer before returning to the slave trade. The French captured her in 1795 while she was on her third slave trading voyage.
was an 18-gun, Albatross-class brig-sloop, intended for the British Royal Navy, but sold to the Imperial Russian Navy before commissioning. Between 1796 and 1805 she served in the North Sea and the Baltic Sea. She was wrecked in 1805.
was launched in France in 1807, probably under another name. She was taken in prize and from 1808 sailed from Falmouth, Cornwall as a packet for the Post Office Packet Service. She sailed primarily to the Iberian peninsula, but also made voyages to North America, Suriname, and the Mediterranean. She was wrecked on 14 April 1812 while returning to Falmouth from Malta.
See also
– any one of 16 vessels
- any one of six vessels
Ship names
The 1951–52 season in Swedish football, starting August 1951 and ending July 1952:
Honours
Official titles
Competitions
Promotions, relegations and qualifications
Promotions
Relegations
Domestic results
Allsvenskan 1951–52
Division 2 Nordöstra 1951–52
Division 2 Sydvästra 1951–52
Norrländska Mästerskapet 1952
Final
Svenska Cupen 1951
Final
National team results
Notes
References
Print
Online
Marco Zen (born 2 January 1963) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Vicenza
Michael Alan Vadini is an American entrepreneur, businessman and former candidate for North Carolina Senate, who is best known for his 30 years of experience in the software industry. He is the founder/co-founder of seven companies including Prima Consulting, TITAN Technology Partners Limited, Skylark Productions, SignUpGenius, Torus Sphere, Inc., InfoCenter, and Rockpaint.com (co-founder).
Career
Vadini received a B.A. in Business Administration from Baldwin Wallace University and attended the MBA program at Case Western Reserve University but left before completing his degree.
In 1994, Vadini founded and managed Prima Consulting, an IT consulting business that was exited in 1997 for $30 million. After selling Prima Consulting, Vadini founded TITAN Technology Partners Limited in 1998. TITAN operated as a consulting, technology services and outsourcing company for cloud-based hosting and application management. TITAN was headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina with offices in London, United Kingdom, Singapore; and Pune, India.
A 2008 article in Entrepreneur magazine entitled “Loyalty Pays: Show Investors You Care, and They'll Show You the Money” outlined Vadini's handling of TITAN stock as dot-com-era stock weathered downturns across the industry. Vadini gave investors two shares for every share already owned, cutting his ownership of the company by 25 percent. Vadini stated, "If you do the right thing, good things happen. Our investors showed patience and support, and in return, we were good to them."
On 1 April 2014, Velocity Technology Solutions, Inc. a cloud application hosting for enterprise and business software, announced the acquisition of TITAN Technology Partners, Limited. Revenue from the combined companies totaled over $150 million worldwide. As a result of the acquisition, Vadini joined as President of the Titan Division of Velocity.
During his career, Vadini personally led the development and execution of IT Strategy at the following companies: Dunlop-Maxfli Corporation, Procter & Gamble, BellSouth, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, National City Corporation, Invacare, SCANA Corporation, Corning, Hoechst Celanese, Sara Lee, Dyersburg Fabric, Pioneer Standard Electronics, American Electric Power, Duke Power, Exel Corporation, Brunswick Corporation, JM Huber, Lydall Corporation, Michelin, OM Group, Realty One Corporation and Piedmont Natural Gas.
Vadini founded and co-owned SignUpGenius, a freemium and subscription software (SaaS) that assists groups with organizing social activities. In 2014 Signup Genius ranked as 880th spot of US ranked most popular websites from Alexa.com.
On July 10, 2017 SignUpGenius announced a strategic majority investment by Providence Strategic Growth, the growth equity affiliate of Providence Equity Partners, a global private equity firm with $50 billion in assets under management.
In 2014, Vadini founded Torus Sphere, Inc. a software company focused on data visualization and predictive analytics. Torus Sphere, Inc. launched Glew, an ecommerce analytics platform.
Television & film
American Entrepreneur was a business TV show running on PBS from 2005 to 2006 that showcased prominent business entrepreneurs across the Carolinas. Taken from IMDb page: “In a 30-minute television interview, serial entrepreneur Michael A. Vadini uncovers the accomplishments, hardships and lessons learned from the founders, CEOs, and Presidents of some of America's most tenacious companies.”
Vadini acted as executive producer on two independent films, Swimming in a Lake of Fire (2010) and Esposito (2011). Both were produced from Vadini's company Skylark Productions.
N.C. Senate
Vadini ran in the 2012 election for North Carolina State Senate in District 37. He ran unopposed in the Republican primary and lost to Daniel G. Clodfelter (Democrat) in the general election. Vadini listed his top priorities as: mortgage reform, judicial reform, education in our district, reforming transportation spending, reforming our tax structure.
Awards & features
2006 Finalist for the Carolinas Entrepreneur of the Year Award sponsored by Ernst & Young
2008 Finalist for the Carolinas Entrepreneur of the Year Award sponsored by Ernst & Young
2008 Entrepreneur Magazine feature “Loyalty Pays: Show Investors You Car, and They'll Show You the Money”
School of Communications Advisory Board at Elon University (2006-2014)
Trustee at Baldwin Wallace University (2014–Present)
References
American businesspeople
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
Cladoceramus is an extinct genus of fossil marine pteriomorphian bivalves that superficially resembled the related winged pearly oysters of the extant genus Pteria. They lived in the Santonian stage of the Late Cretaceous.
Description
Adult shells of Cladoceramus are small to very large size (more than 1 m in length). Many species with fine, discrete, juvenile ornamentation on umbo, consisting of closely and evenly to subevenly spaced raised concentric growth lines without rugae. Posterior auricle well-defined, triangular, separated from disc by auricular sulcus; a post-umbonal sulcus occurs in some species, as do very small anterior auricles ("ears").
Biostratigraphic significance
The first appearance of the species Cladoceramus undulatoplicatus marks the beginning of the Santonian stage.
Distribution
Fossils of the genus have been found in:
Matulla Formation, Egypt
United States
Forbes Shale, California
Smoky Hill Shale, Niobrara Formation, Colorado and New Mexico
Austin Chalk, Texas
Mancos Shale, Wyoming
References
Inoceramidae
Prehistoric bivalve genera
Index fossils
Fossils of Egypt
Cretaceous California
Paleontology in California
Cretaceous Colorado
Paleontology in Colorado
Cretaceous geology of New Mexico
Paleontology in New Mexico
Cretaceous Texas
Paleontology in Texas
Paleontology in Wyoming
Fossils of the United States
Fossil taxa described in 1961
FK Vajnory is a Slovak association football club located in Vajnory. It currently plays in 3. Liga (Bratislava) (3rd level).
References
External links
Official website
Futbalnet profile
Football clubs in Slovakia
Association football clubs established in 1933
1933 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Swansea Riverside railway station served the city of Swansea, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1899 to 1933 on the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.
History
The station was opened as Swansea on 7 May 1899 by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway, although there is evidence of it being in use in 1895. Its name was changed to Swansea Docks on 1 July 1924 and changed again to Swansea Riverside on 17 September 1926. It closed on 11 September 1933.
References
Disused railway stations in Swansea
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1933
1895 establishments in Wales
1933 disestablishments in Wales
Guillaume Boutheroue was a French engineer who completed the Briare Canal, originated by Hugues Cosnier.
In 1623, he was the Poor Rate and Tax Collector at Beaugency.
In 1638, along with his brother-in-law Jacques Guyon, he obtained letters patent from Louis XIII allowing them to complete the Canal de Briare. The canal was completed in 1642.
See also
Briare Canal
Hugues Cosnier
References
French canal engineers
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Tommy "The Ghost" McCafferty is an Irish kickboxer. He was born in Letterkenny, County Donegal. McCafferty was the ISKA World Light middleweight and ISKA Middleweight kickboxing champion, 2008–2012. He competed in MMA holding belts at featherweight in the Chaos Fighting Championships and Immortal Fighting Championships. On August 16, McCafferty fought for the European MMA Promotion Cage Warriors Fighting Championship for the first time against Dean Reilly and won.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish male kickboxers
People from Letterkenny
Sportspeople from County Donegal
Lotfabad is a city in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Lotfabad () may refer to:
Lotfabad, East Azerbaijan
Lotfabad, Anar, Kerman Province
Lotfabad, Anbarabad, Kerman Province
Lotfabad, Narmashir, Kerman Province
Lotfabad, Rafsanjan, Kerman Province
Lotfabad, Sardasht, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province
Lotfabad, Seyyedvaliyeddin, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province
Lotfabad, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Lotfabad District, in Razavi Khorasan Province
Walter Marcon (28 March 1824 – 14 November 1875) was an English cleric, noted as a cricketer who played six first-class matches for Oxford University in 1843 and 1844. He had previously established a reputation for extremely fast bowling at Eton College.
Schools cricket
Born at Swaffham, Norfolk, Marcon played for the Eton First XI in 1841 and 1842 alongside another fast bowler Harvey Fellows. Marcon's pace was so quick that he warranted three long stops despite the wicketkeeper standing well back.
WG Grace wrote in his book Cricket that Marcon's deliveries would smash a stump if making a direct hit without bouncing first; he reported his father saying that he "could hardly trace the ball" when fielding at point. Marcon once bowled a ball that knocked the bat out of the batsman's hands and through the wicket.
First-class career
Surprisingly given his reputation as a bowler, Marcon took no known wickets in his first-class career. Bowling analyses were rarely compiled at the time and bowlers were not credited with wickets which fell to catches.
Marcon went up to Worcester College, Oxford in 1842, and joined the Oxford University team in 1843, making his debut against Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) on 24 May at Bullingdon Green near Oxford. Batting third, he scored 2 in the first innings and was run out for a duck in the second. That was his only match in 1843.
In 1844, he played against MCC at the Magdalen Ground on 30 May, scoring 15 and 5. He then played for West of England at Lord's on 24 June, making no score in either innings. He scored another duck followed by his career best 29 playing for Oxford against MCC at Lord's on 27 June.
In the University Match against Cambridge University at Lord's on 4 July, he scored 24 and 8 not out. His final match was for West of England against MCC at Bath, Somerset on 5 August, when he scored 2 and was not out without scoring in the second innings. His bowling analysis was recorded in this match: he took no wickets for 8 runs from 40 balls.
Later life
Marcon abandoned cricket after he left Oxford to become a vicar in Cornwall and eventually the Rector of Edgefield in his native Norfolk. He married Caroline Eliza Hayes Middleton in about 1847, and they had seven children. Walter Marcon died in Edgefield in 1875. The couple's eldest child, also called Walter, succeeded his father as Rector of Edgefield and served there from the 1870s to the 1930s.
References
External links
Player Profile: Walter Marcon from CricketArchive
1824 births
1875 deaths
English cricketers
English cricketers of 1826 to 1863
Oxford University cricketers
People from Swaffham
West of England cricketers
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
19th-century English Anglican priests
People from North Norfolk (district)
The 1999 Eurotel Slovak Open doubles was the tennis doubles event of the first edition of the most prestigious tournament in Slovakia. Belgian team Kim Clijsters and Laurence Courtois won the title, defeating Olga Barabanschikova and Lilia Osterloh in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
''' Stanislava Hrozenská / Andrea Šebová
Qualifying draw
References
ITF doubles results page
Eurotel Slovak Open - Doubles
Duospina trichella is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was described by August Busck in 1908. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Ohio, Quebec and West Virginia.
The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in March and from June to September.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1908
Moths of North America
Taxa named by August Busck
Dzhavgat (; Kaitag and Dargwa: Жавгъат) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Dzhavgatsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,189 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Geography
Dzhavgat is located 23 km southeast of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ruka and Dzhibakhni are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Borgen is a neighbourhood in the Vestre Aker borough in Oslo, Norway. In addition to being a residential area, Borgen is mostly known for Borgen station on the Oslo Metro which is located adjacent to Vestre gravlund.
References
Neighbourhoods of Oslo
Urtijëi (; ; ) is a town of 4,637 inhabitants in South Tyrol in northern Italy. It occupies the Val Gardena within the Dolomites, a mountain chain that is part of the Alps.
Geography
Urtijëi borders the following municipalities: Kastelruth, Villnöß, Lajen and Santa Cristina Gherdëina.
History
The Ladin-language name Urtijëi derives from the Latin word urtica and the suffix -etum with the meaning "place of nettles".
From 1860 to 1914 Urtijëi experienced a relevant economic growth due to the opening of a major road connecting Val Gardena to the main railroad; as a result the local woodcarving industry flourished. International tourism developed through the discovery of the Dolomites first by English tourists, and subsequently visitors from other parts of Austria-Hungary as well as the German Empire. Currently, the town's economy is mostly based on winter skiing tourism, summer hiking tourism, and woodcarving.
Coat of arms
The emblem shows Saint Ulrich, with the bishop's vestments and a gold cross in his right hand, mounted on a horse, with gold harness and a blue saddle pad, on three green mountains on a gold field. The emblem is decorated with a blue chief, with three small silver shields alternating with two golden bees; the bees symbolize the laboriousness of the inhabitants. The coat of arms was granted in 1907 and reappointed in 1970.
Blazon: Or, St Ulrich in bishops vestments with a cross Or in right hand, mounted on a white horse Proper with harness of the field and a saddle blanket Azure on a trimount Vert; On a chief Azure, two bees Or between three escutcheons Argent.
Main sights
Parish Church of Urtijëi, made in neoclassical style with baroque elements in the last part of the 18th century.
Church of St. Jacob, of ancient foundation, it was remodeled in style Late-Gothic style during the 17th century. It preserves frescoes from the second half of the 15th century and copies of the original baroque furnishings.
Church of St. Antonius, built in the second half of the 17th century, it combines the simple Renaissance style structure with a predominantly baroque decorative structure.
Church of St. Anna, located in the perimeter of the municipal cemetery, it is in Late-Gothic style. Inside it preserves baroque furnishings.
Museum Gherdëina, the local heritage museum, which preserves geological, paleontological and archaeological finds found in the area, as well as a collection of wooden sculptures and toys.
The Luis Trenker House of Culture, housed in a building designed by the architect Hubert Prachensky (1916-2009), preserves the ancient bell of the Magister Manfredinus.
The bronze statue of the Roman legionary, sculpted in wood in 1904 by Johann Baptist Moroder and fused in bronze in 2001, in front at Villa Venezia.
Villa Venezia, home and workshop of the sculptor Johann Baptist Moroder, constructed between 1902 and 1903 following the venetian style of architecture.
Society
According to the 2011 census, 84.19% of the population speaks Ladin, 9.30% German, and 6.51% Italian as first language.
Notable people
Luis Trenker (1892–1990), film producer, director, writer, actor, architect, alpinist and bobsledder
Ernesto Prinoth (1923–1981), racing driver and founder of Prinoth AG
Isolde Kostner (born 1975), former Alpine skier, medallist at the 1994 and 2002 Winter Olympics
Carolina Kostner (born 1987), figure skater, lives in Urtijëi
Moroder family
Josef Moroder-Lusenberg (1846–1939), painter and sculptor
Franz Moroder (1847–1920), politician and poet, the first mayor of Ortisei
Johann Baptist Moroder (1870-1932), sculptor
Rudolf Moroder-Lenèrt (1877–1914), sculptor specializing in religious art
Ludwig Moroder (1879–1953), sculptor and teacher
Friedrich (Rico) Moroder (1880-1937), sculptor
Adele Moroder (1887–1966), author, wrote in the Ladin language
Otto Moroder (1894-1977), sculptor
David Moroder (1931-1997), luger and sculptor
Giorgio Moroder (born 1940), singer, songwriter, DJ and record producer
Egon Rusina Moroder (born 1949), painter and illustrator, lives in Ortisei
References
External links
Official website (Ladin)
Museum Gherdëina - Local heritage museum
Municipalities of South Tyrol
Historically, there have been cases where the extermination of animal species has been politically endorsed because the animals have been considered harmful. In some cases the animals have been hunted because the animals present a danger to human lives, at other times they have been hunted because they are harmful to human interests such as livestock farming. More recently, eradication efforts have focused on invasive vertebrates as they are the leading cause of extinction of native species, particularly on islands. This article refers to animals in a more limited sense; it does not include humans.
In a number of cases, such government endorsed hunting has led to the endangerment or outright extinction of the species.
Rat
Alberta, Canada is one of the few non-island places in the world that is free of brown rats. Since the early 1950s, the Government of Alberta has operated a rat-control program, which has been so successful that only isolated instances of wild rat sightings are reported, usually of rats arriving in the province aboard trucks or by rail.
A number of islands have had programs to remove introduced rats and improve conditions for native fauna. Some of these islands include:
Breaksea Island and Campbell Island, New Zealand have successfully eradicated brown rats. The program was carried out by the New Zealand Department of Conservation (DOC).
Pinzón Island, one of the Galápagos Islands has a rat eradication program which has contributed to a rebound in Galápagos tortoise populations there.
Hawadax Island in the western Aleutian Islands in the US state of Alaska also had a successful rat eradication program in the 2000s.
Thylacine
The thylacine was a Tasmanian predator which was responsible for a significant number of attacks on unconfined livestock, leading to a public sentiment of hostility against the species. A bounty of between 6/- (for fewer than ten kills) and 10/- (for each kill beyond ten) on the thylacine was established by the Van Diemen's Land Co in 1836. In 1888 the government introduced a bounty of £1 for each adult scalp, and 10/- per juvenile, and a number of sheep farmers offered similar rewards. The subsequent slaughter of the animals was a key factor in their extinction.
Tiger
Caspian tiger
In the 1900s (decade) the Russian government declared that there is no place for tigers in Central Asia and Caucasus. The Russian army was tasked with the extermination of all tigers in the Caspian Sea area so that farmers could move in. It is unknown whether the Caspian tiger is entirely extinct since there are some reports of sightings in Afghanistan.
South China tiger
In 1950 the population of the South China tiger was approximately 4000. The species was declared a pest by Mao Zedong as part of the Great Leap Forward programme and subjected to uncontrolled hunting. This hunting, combined with the ravages of deforestation led to the dramatic reduction of the Chinese tiger population. Regulations restricting the hunting of such tigers were implemented during the 1970s but they were not greatly respected. By 1982 their numbers had dwindled to 150-200, and now they are almost extinct in the wild.
Wolf
Wolves are predators which frequently target domestic sheep, a fact which frequently brings sheep farmers who want the wolves gone into conflict with conservationists. In various European countries such as Norway, the wolf was declared a pest and subjected to systematic eradication. In Japan during the Meiji Period, hunting of the wolves in Hokkaidō led to the extinction of the Japanese subspecies. The same event happened to the wolf subspecies on Honshu.
Multiple species
New Zealand's Predator Free 2050 aims to eradicate all introduced predators from the islands.
See also
Mosquito control
Nuisance wildlife management
References
Eradication programs
India participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from India won overall 28 medals, including four gold, and finished seventh in a medal table.
Medals by sport
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Samernas Väl (SV) is a local political party in Jokkmokk Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden.
The party was founded by Jokkmokk sameförening during the 1950s and has participated in several local elections since then. It has also been represented in "kommunfullmäktige". In the municipal election of 2010 the party got 267 votes.
Election results in Jokkmokk Municipality
Sources
Om Samernas Väl på samer.se, read 2012-04-09
Valmyndigheten
Notes
Minor political parties in Sweden
Swedish local political parties
Henri of Lorraine-Vaudémont (died 20 October 1505, in Joinville) was bishop of Thérouanne, and then bishop of Metz from 1484 to 1505. From an aristocratic family, he was son of Antoine of Vaudémont.
Life
He was probably born in the early 1430s. He became a canon at Toul and then at Metz. He studied theology at Paris, and became bishop of Thérouanne in 1456.
He was administrator of the County of Vaudémont, while his brother Frederick, Count of Vaudémont was on campaign in Catalonia with John II, Duke of Lorraine.
On his 1484 nomination as bishop of Metz, a quarrel with the citizens had to be resolved by the intervention of the Emperor Frederick III. He added to Metz Cathedral.
See also
References
Georges Poull, La maison ducale de Lorraine (1991)
1430s births
1505 deaths
Bishops of Metz
Bishops of Thérouanne
Roxane may be:
Another spelling of the female given name Roxanne
Roxane, a brand name of the drug roxatidine
317 Roxane, an asteroid
Roxana, wife of Alexander the Great
Roxane, the lover of Cyrano de Bergerac
Roxane (sailing boat), a 30 ft lugger yacht, designed by Nigel Irens
See also
Roxanne (disambiguation)
Roxan
Roksan
Sir John Knyvet (1394/95–1445), of Southwick, Northamptonshire, Hamerton, Huntingdonshire and Mendlesham, Suffolk, was an English MP. In December 1421, he was a Member of Parliament for Northamptonshire.
He was the son and heir of John Knyvet (1358/9–1418) by his first wife Joan Boutetout (d.c.1417), daughter and heiress of Sir John Boutetout (d. by 1377) of Mendlesham by his wife Katherine.
By 1412 he had married Elizabeth (d.1441), daughter of Constantine, 2nd Lord Clifton (1372–95) of Buckenharn Castle, Norfolk by his wife Margaret, sister of Sir John Howard and heiress of her brother Sir John Clifton (d.s.p. 1447).
He had been knighted by December 1418.
His ancestral home of Southwick was inherited by his daughter, Joan, and her husband, John Lynne (d.1486/7). The rest of his property was inherited by his son and heir of the same name, John. He had married in August 1430, Alice Lynne, the sister of his sister Joan's husband John Lynne. John Knyvet and Alice Lynne were the parents of Sir William Knyvett (d.1515).
References
1394 births
1445 deaths
15th-century English people
English MPs 1420
English MPs December 1421
People from Hamerton
People from Northamptonshire
Politicians from Suffolk
Kaya Palat is a 1983 Bollywood Sci-Fi thriller film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Suresh Chatwal , Anoop Kumar , Tun Tun , and Rajendra Nath . The rights to this film are owned by Children Film's Society Of India .
Plot
A brilliant post graduate scientist, Dr. Aravind Rai who is trying to invent a formula to make humans faster, Fellow scientist Kalicharan is jealous of him. Accidentally Dr. Rai made a dose which let him a child back. After that a police inspector too was young with him.
Cast
Rajendra Nath as Kalicharan
Jankidas as Professor
Anoop Kumar as Police Inspector
Suresh Chatwal as Scientist Aravind Rai
Shyam
Birbal
Praveen Paul
Kalpana
Meenakshi Anand
Ashok Kumar
Mastar Vikas Khanna as Young Aravind
Asha sharma
Master Ravi Valecha
Music
References
External links
1983 films
1980s science fiction thriller films
Indian science fiction thriller films
The Story Thus Far is the fourth and final album (third studio album) by the band Axium, with David Cook (lead vocals/guitar/egg shaker), Bobby Kerr (drums/tambourine/vocals), Jeff Shrout (guitar/piano), Neal Tiemann (Midwest Kings) (bass guitar), and additional guitar on "AC" by Nick Gibson. Art direction and design was by Bobby Kerr and David Cook and photography by Bad Ass Jackson. The album was produced by Paul Johnson and AXIUM. It was mixed by Paul Johnson and mastered by Ed Knoll.
Cook's win on the seventh season of American Idol brought attention to Axium's past discography.
Track listing
External links
Axium albums
2004 albums
Hamblin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charles Leonard Hamblin (1922-1985), Australian philosopher, logician and professor
Henry Thomas Hamblin (1873-1958), English mystic, author, and publisher
Jacob Hamblin (1819-1886), American pioneer and missionary
James Hamblin (disambiguation), multiple people
Joseph Eldridge Hamblin (1828-1870), American general during the Civil War
Ken Hamblin (1940- ), host of the Ken Hamblin Show
T. J. Hamblin (1943-2012), Professor of Immunohaematology at the University of Southampton
Thomas S. Hamblin (1800-1853), English actor and theatre manager
William J. Hamblin, professor of history at Brigham Young University
See also
Lee–Hamblin family
Spencer Jones (born September 22, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher.
Jones went to Edward C. Reed High School in Sparks, Nevada, graduating in 2012. He began his college baseball career at Mendocino College. After two years, he transferred to the University of Washington to play for the Washington Huskies for two more seasons.
The Tampa Bay Rays selected Jones in the 10th round, with the 300th selection, of the 2016 MLB draft. He received a $10,000 signing bonus, despite the $156,000 slot value for the pick, and made his professional debut with the Hudson Valley Renegades. He played for the United States national baseball team in the 2019 WBSC Premier12.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sparks, Nevada
Baseball pitchers
Mendocino Eagles baseball players
Washington Huskies baseball players
Hudson Valley Renegades players
Bowling Green Hot Rods players
Charlotte Stone Crabs players
Surprise Saguaros players
Montgomery Biscuits players
St. Paul Saints players
Acereros de Monclova players
Águilas Cibaeñas players
Sioux City Explorers players
2019 WBSC Premier12 players
The Representative may refer to:
The Representative (newspaper), a London newspaper published in 1826
The Representative (play) or The Deputy (), a 1963 play by Rolf Hochhuth
The Representative, 2011 film with Kevin Dobson
See also
Representative (disambiguation)
Representation (disambiguation)
The Oakland Raiders season was the franchise's 44th season in the National Football League, the 54th overall and the second under head coach Dennis Allen. With a 4–12 record, the Raiders secured their eleventh consecutive non-winning season, and missed the playoffs for an eleventh consecutive season. The Raiders entered the season with a new quarterback in Terrelle Pryor. Pryor started off the season in impressive fashion, with the team almost pulling off the upset in Week 1 against the Indianapolis Colts, and defeating the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 2. The team and Pryor eventually cooled down, resulting in Pryor being benched for Matt McGloin in the game against the Houston Texans. Before this game, history was made in the game against the Philadelphia Eagles when Eagles quarterback Nick Foles threw 7 touchdown passes, the most passing touchdowns the Raiders had ever allowed in its history. Prior to the season starting, the Raiders brought back defensive back Charles Woodson, who spent the last 7 years with the Green Bay Packers.
2013 draft class
Notes
The Raiders traded their first-round selection (No. 3 overall) to the Miami Dolphins in exchange for the Dolphins' first- (No. 12 overall) and second- (No. 42 overall) round selections.
The Raiders traded their original second-round selection (No. 37 overall) to the Cincinnati Bengals in exchange for quarterback Carson Palmer.
The Raiders traded their fourth-round selection (No. 100 overall) to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for the Buccaneers' fourth- (No. 112 overall) and sixth- (No. 181) round selections.
The Raiders acquired an additional sixth-round selection — No. 176 overall, along with a conditional 2014 selection in a trade that sent quarterback Carson Palmer and one of their seventh-round selections (No. 219 overall; previously acquired in a trade that sent wide receiver Louis Murphy to the Carolina Panthers) to the Arizona Cardinals. The Raiders later traded the No. 176 selection to the Houston Texans in exchange for the Texans' sixth (No. 184 overall) and seventh- (No. 233 overall) round selections.
Compensatory selection.
The Raiders did not have a selection in the fifth round, as they traded their fifth-round selection (No. 138 overall) to the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for linebacker Aaron Curry.
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Indianapolis Colts
Week 2: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 3: at Denver Broncos
Week 4: vs. Washington Redskins
Week 5: vs. San Diego Chargers
This game was moved to at 8:35 p.m. PDT kickoff, and from CBS to NFL Network as a "special edition" of Thursday Night Football, as extended time was required to convert the field back from its baseball configuration due to an Oakland Athletics American League Division Series game the previous night.
Week 6: at Kansas City Chiefs
Week 8: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
Week 9: vs. Philadelphia Eagles
Week 10: at New York Giants
Week 11: at Houston Texans
Week 12: vs. Tennessee Titans
Week 13: at Dallas Cowboys
Thanksgiving Day game
Week 14: at New York Jets
Week 15: vs. Kansas City Chiefs
Week 16: at San Diego Chargers
Week 17: vs. Denver Broncos
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Oakland Raiders seasons
R00
Oakland
Oakland
Daejo-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Daejo-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Räsänen is Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eino Räsänen (1921–1997), Finnish politician
Jari Räsänen (1966–), Finnish former cross country skier
Juha-Matti Räsänen (1974–), Finnish strongman competitor
Pauliina Räsänen, Finnish circus performer and actress
Pauli Räsänen (1935–2017), Finnish physician and politician
Päivi Räsänen (1959), Finnish politician
Veli Räsänen (1888–1953), Finnish lichenologist
Finnish-language surnames
UnHerd is a British online magazine founded in July 2017.
Content
UnHerd was founded in 2017 by conservative British political activist Tim Montgomerie, who also acted as editor. Montgomerie left the website in 2018. Journalist Sally Chatterton, who previously wrote for The Daily Telegraph and The Independent, took over as editor. Freddie Sayers joined the magazine in 2019 as executive editor, having previously been editor-in-chief of YouGov and founder of the British news and current affairs website Politics Home. , the website has 14 full-time editorial and production staff.
The site's columnists include Giles Fraser, Ed West, Tanya Gold, John Gray, James Bloodworth, Matthew Goodwin, Maurice Glasman, Julie Bindel, Michael Tracey, and Douglas Murray.
In March 2020, UnHerd launched a YouTube channel named LockdownTV, taking its name from the lockdowns implemented around the same time period to reduce the spread of COVID-19. The channel posts interviews conducted by Sayers.
The website initially existed without a paywall, as it is funded by an endowment from British investor Paul Marshall. In 2017, New Statesman reported that the site intended to introduce paid services. In May 2020, the site said that it intended to switch to a subscription model later that year.
Reception
Simon Childs, writing for Vice at the time of the site's launch in 2017, was critical of the underlying premise and assumptions of the site, saying "The social media news cycle can be a jading stream of ill-informed narcissists, but it's refreshing to be reminded that at least it offers a more diverse outlook than Tim Montgomerie funded by an oligarch publishing the kind of people who are generally "unheard" because people edge away from them at parties." Jasper Jackson writing for New Statesman around the same time was skeptical that UnHerds promotion of slow journalism was groundbreaking, as "the idea UnHerd is offering a groundbreaking solution to information overload is faintly ludicrous."
In 2020, Ian Burrell, writing in the i, compared the website to Tortoise Media, as that one is also a "slower-paced news experiment that defies the catch-all notion of the media."
References
External links
British political websites
British news websites
British political blogs
Eric Paulos is an American computer scientist, artist (working in new media art), and inventor, best known for his early work on internet robotic teleoperation and is considered a founder of the field of Urban Computing, coining the term "urban computing" in 2004. His current work is in the areas of emancipation fabrication, cosmetic computing, citizen science, New Making Renaissance, Critical Making, Robotics, DIY Biology, DIY culture, Micro-volunteering, and the cultural critique of such technologies through New Media strategies.
Dr. Paulos is the founder and director of the Hybrid Ecologies Lab, an Associate Professor in Electrical Engineering Computer Science Department at UC Berkeley, Director of the CITRIS Invention Lab, Chief Learning Officer for the Jacobs Institute for Design Innovation, and faculty within the Berkeley Center for New Media (BCNM).
Previously, Dr. Paulos held the Cooper-Siegel Associate Professor Chair in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University where he was faculty within the Human-Computer Interaction Institute with courtesy faculty appointments in the Robotics Institute and in the Entertainment Technology Center. At CMU he was also Director of the Living Environments Lab. Prior to CMU, Eric was Senior Research Scientist at Intel Research at one of the Intel Research Lablets in Berkeley, California where he founded the Urban Atmospheres research group – challenged to employ innovative methods to explore urban life and the future fabric of emerging technologies across public urban landscapes. His areas of expertise span a deep body of research territory in urban computing, sustainability, green design, environmental awareness, social telepresence, robotics, physical computing, interaction design, persuasive technologies, and intimate media. Eric is a regular contributor, editorial board member, and reviewer for numerous professional journals and conferences. His published work is primarily in the areas of Robotics, Urban Computing, Human-Computer Interaction, Computer supported cooperative work, and Ubicomp. He received his PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from UC Berkeley where he helped launch a new robotic industry by developing some of the first internet tele-operated robots including Space Browsing helium filled blimps and Personal Roving Presence devices (PRoPs).
Eric is also the founder and director of the Experimental Interaction Unit and a frequent collaborator with Mark Pauline of Survival Research Laboratories. Eric's work has been exhibited at the InterCommunication Center (ICC) in Japan, Ars Electronica, ISEA, SIGGRAPH, the Dutch Electronic Art Festival (DEAF), SFMOMA, the Chelsea Art Museum, Art Interactive, LA MOCA, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, the ZKM, Southern Exposure, and a performance for the opening of the Whitney Museum's 1997 Biennial Exhibition.
Born and raised in California, Eric received a B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley, completing his Ph.D. in 2001. Eric has also collaborated with Mark Pauline of Survival Research Laboratories since 1994.
Notable Innovative Projects
1994 Mechanical Gaze – third robot on the web and first remote robot using color image as well as for museum artifact exploration
1993–2000 PRoPs – first online mobile telepresence robot using blimps an ground based robotic platforms
2000 TeleActor – First remote control of skilled human equipped with a wireless camera who moves through and interacts based on remote commands delivered in real time one the internet. (with Ken Goldberg, David Pescovitz, and Judith Donath)
2002 Connexus – First smartwatch with haptic messaging using touch, stroke, and heartbeat as inout and light, heat, and vibration as output to paired device. Technology later released in 2015 as Real Touch in Apple Watch.
2007 Citizen Science on Mobile Smartphones – First use of smartphones with air quality sensors attached to collect and crowdsource location based air quality data.
Selected bibliography
Paulos, E. and Canny J. 1998. PRoP: Personal Roving Presence. ACM SIGCHI, 296 - 303.
Paulos, E. and Canny J. 2000. Personal Tele-embodiment: Reconstructing the Body for Online Interaction in The Robot in the Garden: Telerobotics and Telepistemonogy on the Internet, Cambridge: MIT Press.
Paulos, E. and Canny J. 2001. Social Tele-embodiment: Understanding Presence. Autonomous Robots, 11(1), 87-95.
Paulos, E. and Goodman, E. 2004. The Familiar Stranger: Anxiety, Comfort, and Play in Public Places. ACM SIGCHI, 223-230.
References
External links
Eric's personal home page
Lecture during Mobile Art && Code series at Carnegie Mellon University
Living Environments Lab
Urban Atmospheres
Carnegie Mellon University
Human-Computer Interaction Institute
Living people
American computer scientists
American roboticists
American digital artists
New media artists
Human–computer interaction researchers
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Ubiquitous computing researchers
Human-Computer Interaction Institute faculty
UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty
1969 births
21st-century American inventors
Ghubaira (), alternatively at times al-Ghubairah () is a subject of Baladiyah al-Batha and a residential neighborhood located west of al-Khalidiyyah and south of al-Oud in southern Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Inhabited mostly by Afro-Arabs and overseas Sudanese nationals, it is considered among the most crime-infested and unhygienic neighborhoods of Riyadh.
References
Neighbourhoods in Riyadh
The treadmill of destruction refers to the global phenomenon that the past and on-going military activities/expenditures and societal-environmental interactions, warrants for the significant degradation of the environment. With the modernization of warfare present today, the rapid advancement of mass destructive weapons, along with the magnitude of the war, signify the amount of major factors to the substantial stress and toll that militarisation has created on co-existing ecosystems and environments. Although the negative impacts of the environment posed by that militarisation are succinct, societal-environmental interactions have also contributed to the precedent series of environmental crises that society encounters today, which are overlooked and to an extent, ignored.
History
The term treadmill of destruction reflects the consequences to the existence of Allan Schnaiberg's theory of the treadmill of production introduced in 1980. Although this term in not commonly used in society, researchers, sociologists and economists have widely used this coined term to describe and discuss the debt of Schnaiberg's theory for the dynamic expansion of capitalism (militarisation) and economic growth that result in the degradation of the environment. Since the early 20th century, geopolitical demands from wars have accelerated rates of militarization in the United States. The World Wars, Cold War, Vietnam War, Korean War, Iraq and Afghanistan war are all definite examples of factors that have contributed to the Treadmill of destruction. By doing so, the destructive nature of wars leaves a profound impact on society and poses a threat towards the environment, creating the Treadmill of destruction.
Environmental effects of military activities
Major conventional weapon uses
There are many types of weapons which are deployed in military activities and vary in effects they cause. These weapons play a role in being responsible for the environmental damage caused during wars. Although they have different destructive properties, they differ in the effects they cause towards the environment. They include:
High explosive fragmentation (HEF) weapons
High explosive fragmentation weapons consist of highly explosive fillers that create rapidly expanding gasses after detonation that shatters the metal casing. In effect, the metal and debris fragments fly out with significant force from the point of explosion causing substantial damage to transport, agriculture and forestry.
Incendiary weapons
Incendiary weapons are designed to set targets on fire; they contain highly flammable materials. These weapons have profound impacts on the ecosystem's vegetation, additionally corrupting and contaminating the quality of soil and water sources.
Enhanced blast munitions
Enhanced blast munitions (or known as thermobaric weapons), disperse various materials in the atmosphere in large areas, creating an explosive wave that is destructive in its area. There are 3 types of enhanced blast munitions; fuel-air explosives, reactive surround war heads and slurry explosive munitions. These weapons are very effective and capable of destroying unreinforced buildings, woody vegetation as well as animals and crops.
Anti-personnel mines (APM)
Anti-personnel mines are concealed defensive weapons designed to detonate, creating a blast shock wave, and incapacitating or killing one or more people. These APMs affect the environment by causing farmlands to decrease in productivity through its chemical destructive shock that decomposes efficiently with massive amounts of heat and gas; destroying flora of ecosystems which additionally contribute to the erosion of soils. The heavy metals and toxic elements such as RDX within the APMs contaminate lands, water supplies and lakes which are lethal to mammals and aquatic organisms.
Impacts of militarisation on ecosystems
Biological weapons use
Biological weapons have had detrimental impacts on the ecosystem: they contain toxins, viruses or bacteria that have the intention of killing or incapacitating humans, animals or plants. The exposure of biological weapons when released in the environment may have both indirect and direct effects towards the wildlife, especially the animals that are heavily reliant on plants as a source of food. These bio warfare weapons can cause diseases to animals and plants and potentially have disastrous domino effects on wild life species, affecting the nutrition, economy and ecosystem. Human pathogens as a biological weapon also have harmful effects on other specifies, upon released into the environment, threats to wildlife populations will be present. Biological weapons are problematic; once it is utilized it can be very complicated or impossible to eradicate because of the sophisticated attributes they contain.
Chemical weapons use
Chemical weapons are specialized chemical compounds that are designed to kill or harm individuals by having detrimental effects on the organs and systems. There are 5 types of chemical warfare agents; blister agents, nerve agents, choking agents, blood agents and riot control agents. While there is a paramount list of effects on humans, chemical weapons play a role in harming ecosystems with their lethal chemical compositions. CS (o-clorobenzalmalononitrile) is an example of a chemical weapon used in military activities/factories which have killed many killifish and duckweeds in the aquatic habitat. It has also been reported that Terrestrial vegetation are affected by CS. During the Syrian war, sarin gas was utilised to drive out rebel forces to stop them from overthrowing president Bashar al-Assad's regime. The exposure of sarin gas is known to be one of the most dangerous nerve gases capable of breaking down the nervous system and causing instant death. Since sarin has solvent properties, it has the ability to kill fish and contaminating fresh waters, having detrimental effects towards the environment.
Nuclear weapons use
Nuclear weapons are explosive devices and rely on nuclear reactions to create a destructive blast; these weapons have had damaging effects to the ecosystem due to the exposure of ionizing radiation that is present upon the detonation of nuclear weapons. The nuclear bombings on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 has had a significant impact on World War II and today's society, showing the destructive damage that nuclear weapons are highly capable of and its long existing effects. According to the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation and World Health Organization they have assessed the consequences of the use of nuclear weapons on ecosystems, these damages include; excessive contamination of agricultural lands which consequently result in human exposure through the ingestion of food, killing of trees, contamination of water and flora which would kill living organisms, plants and fish that are heavily reliant on these as a food source.
Economic impacts of militarisation
Militarisation has played a significant role in the Treadmill of destruction as it has made substantial impacts on economies, these factors include; increased GDP (gross domestic product), increases in levels of public debt & levels of taxation, decreases in levels of consumption & investment as a percent of GDP, increased levels of inflation and fluctuations in average stock market valuations and income distribution. Although the impacts of war are evident, higher military expenditure during conflicts does in fact lead to the creations of new jobs, further economic activity and the development of new technologies. The past wars such as World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, and the Iraq/Afghanistan Wars provide insight towards the detrimental impacts of financing such wars.
Economic impacts on Korea
The Korean War between South Korea and North Korea in 1950-1953 was a severe and brutal war as it involved South Korea's alliance with the UN forces, which included 16 other countries) and the allies (China and USSR) of North Korea. The economic impacts of this war include. but are not limited to:
600000 housing units, 46.9% of railroads, 1656 roads totaling to 500 km and 1453 bridges totaling 49 km were destroyed
80% of power plants, 70% of textile industries, 70% of chemical industries, 40% of agricultural machinery and 10% of rubber industries were reported destroyed (ECA Report, October 1950).
51% of the mining industry was destroyed and the amount of damage was $549 million
8700 factories & state enterprises and 5000 schools disappeared in smoke
370000 hectares of rice paddies and fields were in devastation
Total war damage costed US$6.9 billion
GDP growth rates averaging at 5.8% between 1950–1953, peaking at 11.4% in 1951
US$30 billion expenditure from 1950–1953
Inflation increased to 5.3% in 1951
Foreign trade deteriorated from US$208 million in 1948 to US$2.9 million
Economic impacts on Vietnam
The Vietnam War was a war against South Vietnam and North Vietnam in 1955-1975, it was heavily funded by increases in tax rates which led to high levels of inflation but was less expensive in terms of GDP percentages compared to WW2 and the Korean war. The economic impacts of this war include but are not limited to:
GDP peaked 9.5% in 1968
GDP growth increased and peaked at 7.3% of GDP in 1966
Military spending fell to 5.9% of GDP
Expenditure of $111 billion in military operations and $28.5 billion in aid to South Vietnam
Annual rate of unemployment rate was 6.7% in 1965
Consumer price between 1965 and 1966 increased at a 3.7% annual rate
Food prices went up at a 5.4% annual rate in 1966
Consumer price index increased to more than 3% a year
Wholesale price index, increased from 1%-0.5% annually, to 3% in 1966
Economic impacts on Iraq
The Iraq War in 2003-2011 was a war that broke out as the President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein broke the peace terms; failed to comply with the UN weapons inspections while US officials made false claims that Iraq had capability to create "weapons of mass destruction," and he refused to leave Iraq. In response, US military forces and allies invaded Iraq. The economic impacts of this war include: but are not limited to:
Expenditure of $1.06 trillion, includes increases towards the Department of Defence and the Veterans Administration base budgets.
$7.9 trillion in debt
$819 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations funds for the Iraq War
The highest year for military expenditure during the Iraq War was 2008 at 4.3% of GDP
Opportunity cost in job opportunities
These wars brought devastation upon each country's infrastructure and created economic structured distortions, death tolls, the expenditure of billions of dollars on militarisation and dependence on foreign aid.
Historical treadmill of destruction
World War II
World War II is a prime example of paramount number of military operations with a long history of military conflict involving 30 countries, lasting from 1939 to 1945 and being the deadliest wars, killing over 70 million people across the globe. There are many factors that contributed to World War II which were the World War I, the Great Depression, militarism, nationalism, expansionism and fascism. During the years of violence, significant amounts of physical capital were destroyed through the years of bombing and ground battles, hunger was common within Western Europe, families were separated from each other, children lost their fathers as they were sent to the army to fight the war, horrendous acts of violations were committed and because of that, political and economic systems were permanently modified. Militarisation activities in World War II changed the long term economic growth of many countries, affecting capital stock through the bombing of the environment, productive capacity which resulted in the reallocation of food and other production into military resources. The development and production of new weaponry during the war had many environmental consequences, as aircraft were used to drop highly advanced bombs such as the Fat man, which was dropped onto Hiroshima, killing 70000 people, buildings, trees, paths and contaminating the air, water, soil and food sources causing Japan to immediately surrender and ending World War II.
The use of chemical weapons, aerial warfare and conflict had significant environmental impacts which caused to the depletion of global flora and fauna, as well as a reduction in species diversity, these effects of chemical weapons eventually became more deadly as more were developed and deposited in the oceans which run the risk of the corroding and leaching of harmful chemical properties they contain. In ground battles many forests were destroyed from fighting during the war as trees were cut down and blown up to clear the path for combative and strategic purposes, thus exploiting many trees. The length and the magnitude of the war had adverse effects on the environment across the globe with the mass of destructive weapons eroding the lands, buildings, pollution of the air and waters of chemical and nuclear weapons, forest, wildlife and animal habitats were ruined and alterations into atmospheric disturbances caused by the weapons of mass destruction led to climate change and weather changes. Although the war was the most horrific historical event, it played an end in the Great Depression. The unemployment rate fell from 1.9% by 1945 towards 20% of the population employed into the workforce, levels of GDP and consumption significantly increased over time due to government spending, the substantial amounts of military operations and debt financed resulted in gross debt reaching 120% of GDP and the end to excess capacity.
References
Environment and society
Thomas Roe is an American retired ice hockey Center and Defenseman who was the NCAA Scoring Champion in 1962–63.
Career
Roe was a three-year varsity player for Williams. His appearance on the team saw the Ephs jump from a 5–14 record up to a 16–4 mark, setting a program record for points in a season (67) along the way. Because Williams did not play a sufficiently strong schedule, however, the team was not in consideration for the NCAA Tournament. As a junior Roe led the nation in goal scoring with 49 and was named to the inaugural All-ECAC Second Team. Williams finished fourth in the conference with a 16–3–1 record but were not ranked in the top 8 and were left out of the ECAC Tournament. As a senior, Roe continued to score in bunches, finishing as the nation's top scorer, however, Williams' record declined to 13–9 and the team had no opportunity to demonstrate how good their best player was. Roe finished his college career as William's all-time leading scorer with a host of individual program records, many he still possesses (as of 2020).
After graduating, Roe joined the US National Team for the 1964–65 season. He participated in the 1965 Ice Hockey World Championships as a defenseman and scored three goals for a team that finished a disappointing 6th.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
American ice hockey centers
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Williams College alumni
Joseph Pitt (1759–1842) was a British lawyer of humble origins who prospered as a property speculator, notably in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, but also in Wiltshire, and who served as a Tory MP for Cricklade, Wiltshire 1812–1831. His name is commemorated in Pittville, Cheltenham, his largest speculative development.
References
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1812–1818
UK MPs 1818–1820
UK MPs 1820–1826
UK MPs 1826–1830
UK MPs 1830–1831
1759 births
1842 deaths
Members of Parliament for Cricklade
Dave's Texaco is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Chinook, Montana. It was added to the Register on August 16, 1994. The building was a gas station and has also been known as Dave's Exxon and as Dave's Conoco. The building is made of stucco on a concrete foundation and with an asphalt roof.
It was built in 1927 on U.S. Route 2 which has since been rerouted two blocks away. It sold Texaco products exclusively until 1978 when Texaco ceased doing business in Montana. Its third owner, David Sprinkle, operated the business from 1938 until at least 1993.
See also
Deerfield Texaco Service Station, 1923 station in Deerfield, Kansas
References
Gas stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Texaco
National Register of Historic Places in Blaine County, Montana
1927 establishments in Texas
Commercial buildings completed in 1927
The Hills Have Thighs is a 2010 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Jim Wynorski under the pseudonym Salvadore Ross. It is based on the 1977 horror feature The Hills Have Eyes written and directed by Wes Craven.
Plot
A couple find each other in the south Texas hill country. Being alone in the hills, they get to know one another and continue to explore each other as well as the surrounding country.
Cast
Julie K. Smith as Mary
Rebecca Love as Mira
Brandin Rackley as Sandy
Glori-Anne Gilbert as Glori-Anne
Kylee Nash as Tara
Dana Bentley as Ara
Diana Terranova as Tanya
Frankie Cullen as Ben
Mark Weiler as Mike
Paul Sterling as Bill
Production
The film was produced by the production companies People By The Pound and Oh boy, Foods! Inc.
Release
It was broadcast several times in Spring and Summer 2010 at fixed times and on demand on the premium channels HBO and Showtime. James Cromer, a former South Carolina state representative, sued both HBO and Showtime when they promoted the film as his work but instead broadcast Wynorski's film.
References
External links
2010 television films
2010 films
American television films
American erotic horror films
Films directed by Jim Wynorski
The Hills Have Eyes
Pornographic parody films of horror films
2010s American films
Hearts Afire is an American television sitcom created by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, starring John Ritter and Markie Post that aired on CBS from September 14, 1992, to February 1, 1995. The series' title is taken from a line in the Earth, Wind & Fire song "That's the Way of the World" (which originally served as the series' theme song).
Series premise
Described by CBS as a "politically topical series" and created by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and Harry Thomason, the show starred John Ritter and Markie Post playing John Hartman and Georgie Anne Lahti, respectively. Supporting actors included Billy Bob Thornton and Ed Asner. The show was set in Washington, D.C., and centered on a conservative senator's aide (Ritter) and a liberal political reporter (Post) whose professional disagreements masked a growing attraction for one another. Other costars on the show included George Gaynes, Beth Broderick, and Wendie Jo Sperber. The series was itself a satire on current affairs in Washington, D.C.
John and Georgie Anne married near the end of the first season. In the second season, the show abruptly changed its setting to the Southern town where John grew up; he returned to take over the town's failing newspaper, accompanied by Georgie Anne and his two children from a previous marriage. Some of the supporting characters made the move as well, while others were superseded.
Cast
John Hartman (portrayed by John Ritter)
Georgie Anne Lahti (portrayed by Markie Post)
Billy Bob Davis (portrayed by Billy Bob Thornton)
Cameos
Roger Clinton, half-brother of Bill Clinton, appeared in a cameo as a restaurant singer at the end of the series' third episode, aired in September 1992.
Hugh E. Rodham, father of the incoming First Lady of the United States, Hillary Rodham Clinton, made a cameo appearance in December 1992. The producers of the series were friends of the Clintons.
Political pundit Rush Limbaugh guest-starred as himself on an April 1994 episode. That episode had the series' highest rating, finishing as the 8th-highest ranked show of the week during its original airing.
Harry Anderson, Post's co-star on Night Court, made a cameo appearance in a March 1994 episode, portraying columnist Dave Barry as part of a crossover with Anderson's contemporary series, Dave's World.
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (1992–93)
Season 2 (1993–94)
Season 3 (1994–95)
Home media
Image Entertainment released the entire series on DVD in Region 1 in 2005 and 2006.
On November 7, 2012, it was announced that Mill Creek Entertainment had acquired the rights to the series and released Hearts Afire - The Complete Series on DVD on January 8, 2013. The 7-disc set features all 54 episodes of the series, as well as bonus features.
References
External links
Hearts Afire webpage at TVHeaven.com
1990s American political comedy television series
1990s American satirical television series
1990s American sitcoms
1990s American workplace comedy television series
1992 American television series debuts
1995 American television series endings
CBS original programming
English-language television shows
Political satirical television series
Television series about marriage
Television series created by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason
Television shows set in Washington, D.C.
The Junta of Happenstance is a book written by Nigerian-Canadian poet and physician Tolu Olonuntoba from British Columbia, Canada. It is a debut collection of poetry published in May 2021 by Palimpsest Press of Windsor, Ontario. The book is the winner of the 2021 Governor General's Literary Award for English-language poetry.
Background
Olonuntoba originally wrote The Junta of Happenstance as a trilogy of thematically linked chapbooks. Since he completed about twenty to twenty-five poems over a three-year period, he realized that it would be less of a daunting task if he concentrated his efforts on each of the three sections individually, instead of trying to write an entire book all at once.
Synopsis
The Junta of Happenstance is Olonuntoba's poetic debut and is a compendium of dis-ease. It encompasses disease in the traditional sense, as informed by his experiences as a physician, as well as dis-ease, used as a primer for familial dysfunction, (im)migrant experience, and urban / corporate unease. With awareness and insight, Olonuntoba is able to make sense of a current situation by finding beauty in turmoil, and strength in pain.
Awards
The Junta of Happenstance won the Governor General's Literary Award for English-language poetry at the 2021 Governor General's Awards.
Reception
The book was generally well received. Barb Carey, special correspondent to the Toronto Star notices “A sense of disquiet, conveyed in images that are expressive and at times surreal, haunts much of Tolu Oloruntoba's debut collection..." At the Miramichi Reader, Dominique Béchard writes, "The Junta of Happenstance is an impressive debut", and adds, "It has many qualities I find admirable in a first collection: passion, a large number of poems, and a certain playfulness (of music and tone) that relays poetic confidence." David Ly, who interviewed Oloruntoba for the magazine Prism International, calls the book at Goodreads, "An excellent debut, and finalist for the Governor General Literary Awards!"
References
2021 poetry books
Canadian poetry collections
Governor General's Award-winning poetry
Ingramport is a rural community of Halifax in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Populated coastal places in Canada
The Danish Atheist Society (Danish: Ateistisk Selskab "the Atheist Society") is a Danish association for non-believers. The purpose of the association is to be a community for non-believers, to work for a complete separation of church and state, to educate the public about atheism and thereby reduce prejudices against atheists, to encourage people to think critically and independently about life and existence, and to spread a naturalistic worldview founded upon science and critical thinking.
Campaign to encourage Danes to leave the Church of Denmark
In March 2016, the association started a campaign with billboards to encourage Danes to leave the Church of Denmark. They also started a website with information about how to leave the church.
References
External links
Leaving the Church of Denmark
Atheist organizations
The former police station situated in Douala is a building constructed at the beginning of the 20th century by the Germans to serve as the first police station under the German mandate.
History
The police station is the site where King Rudolf Douala Manga Bell and his assistant Adolf Ngosso Din were sentenced to death and hung. Both men have been sentenced following their staunch opposition to the June 1910 Decree issued by Governor Ebermaier and ordering the expropriation and resettlement of natives from Joss, Bonapriso, Akwa and Deïdo. The Germans decided to seize the land along the banks of Wouri River, thus violating the sovereignty clause which left the land to the natives as specified in the treaty signed on July 12, 1884 between the Duala Kings and German authorities. On the other hand, a one-kilometre buffer zone or “Freie Zone” was established between the Whites and the Blacks. Rehousing sites were then created for displaced people: Neu Bell, Neu Akwa, and Neu Deïdo.
From 1912 to 1914, commissioned by the Ngondo Vernacular Council, Rudolf and his assistant called for general mobilization in Cameroon and in Germany in order to defend their rights before the Reichstag, the German parliament. Nevertheless, the first expropriations began in December 1913. In May 1914, under the premise of a false document said to have been issued by King Bell and addressed to Sultan Njoya, which allegedly pleaded for an alliance with England, both protesters were caught, held in custody within this police station, sentenced for treason and hung on August 18, 1914. Only this stump is left of the tree from which they were hung. The First World War had just started in Europe. As hostile war ships sailed towards Cameroon, the Germans speeded up the trial in order to face the expected assaults from the enemy. At the same time, in an attempt to neutralise growing internal opposition, 180 natives were hung shortly after Rudolf and Ngosso Din. In September 1914, with the help of Duala canoeists, French and English troops got into the channel blocked with vessels the Germans had wrecked.
This edifice now hosts the merchant navy services.
In 2006 the building is highlighted by an urban sign produced by doual'art and designed by Sandrine Dole; the sign presents an historical image of the building and a description of its history.
See also
Kamerun
References
Further reading
Former police station of Douala in Douala Ville d'art et d'histoire, doual'art, Douala, 2006.
External links
Buildings and structures in Douala
Very Best of 2nd Chapter of Acts is a 2006 compilation album by Contemporary Christian music group 2nd Chapter of Acts released under the Sparrow label.
Track listing
"Last Day of My Life" - 3:09
"Yahweh" - 3:22
"Prince Song" - 2:51
"Which Way the Wind Blows" - 4:41
"Easter Song" - 2:38
"Humble Yourself" - 3:58
"Mansion Builder" - 3:10
"Rod and Staff" - 2:58
"Takin' the Easy Way" - 4:02
"Night Light" - 3:30
"Are You Goin' to Narnia" - 3:26
"Well, Haven't You Heard" - 3:55
source:
References
2nd Chapter of Acts albums
2006 compilation albums
The 2010 Individual Speedway World Championship Grand Prix Qualification were a series of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the three riders who qualified for the 2010 Speedway Grand Prix. The top eight riders finishing the 2009 Grand Prix series automatically qualified for 2010. The final round of qualification – the Grand Prix Challenge – took place on 18 September 2009, in Coventry, England. The Grand Prix Challenge was won by Magnus Zetterström who finished ahead of Chris Holder and former Grand Prix rider Jarosław Hampel. All three riders qualified for the 2010 Grand Prix.
Calendar
Domestic Qualifications
Deutscher Motor Sport Bund nominated five riders and two track reserve in February 2009. Avto-Moto Zveza Slovenije nominated three riders in March 2009.
Czech Republic
Autoklub of the Czech Republic nominated six riders in October 2008: Lukáš Dryml, Aleš Dryml, Jr., Luboš Tomíček, Jr., Adrian Rymel, Matěj Kůs and Filip Šitera. A last rider, who will be started in SGP Qualification will be nominated in 2009.
Poland
The top three riders from 2008 Golden Helmet Final qualified for Grand Prix Qualification (Damian Baliński, Jarosław Hampel and Adrian Miedziński). Four riders will be qualified after Domestic Final. Last rider and one reserve will be nominated by Main Commission of Speedway Sport. Two Polish 2009 Speedway Grand Prix permanent (Rune Holta and Grzegorz Walasek will be started in Domestic Final. Tomasz Gollob (#3) and Sebastian Ułamek (#14) will be not started.
(Final of Domestic Qualification to Individual World Championship Grand Prix)
7 April 2009 (18:00)
Gdańsk
Referee: Andrzej Terlecki
Beat Time: 63.26 - Piotr Protasiewicz (heat 3)
Qualify: 4 and 1 + 1R by Main Commission of Speedway Sport
Qualifying Rounds
Semi-Finals
Motala
Semi-Final 1
4 July 2009 (16:00 UTV+2)
Motala, Lastpartner Arena (Length: 291 m)
Referee: Pavel Vana
Jury President: Anthony Noel
Qualify: 8 + 1 reserve
Changes:
No. 9 Sebastian Ułamek (injured) replaced by track reserve Tai Woffinden
|width=50% valign=top|
Daugavpils
Semi-Final 2
4 July 2009 (15:00 UTC +3)
Daugavpils, Latvijas Spidveja Centrs (Length: 373 metres)
Referee: Mick Bates
Jury President: Boris Kotnjek
Times:
Heat 3: 67.6 - Bogdanovs (new track record)
Heat 6: 66.9 - Pavlic (new track record)
Changes:
No. 4 Thomas H. Jonasson replaced by track reserve Andriy Karpov
No. 1 Leon Madsen replaced by track reserve Tobias Kroner
No. 2 Patrick Hougaard replaced by James Wright
|}
Grand Prix Challenge
Grand Prix Challenge
18 September 2009 (20:00 UTC+1)
Coventry
Referee: Christian Froschauer
Jury President: Ilkka Teromaa
Qualify to the 2010 Speedway Grand Prix: top three
Changes:
(18) Tobias Kroner → A.Dryml, Jr. → Risager
(17) Antonio Lindbäck → A.Dryml, Jr.
See also
Speedway Grand Prix
2010 Speedway Grand Prix
References
2010
World Individual
The Burmese carplet (Amblypharyngodon atkinsonii), is a species of carplet in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the Ayeyarwady, Sittaung, and lower Salween rivers in Myanmar.
References
Amblypharyngodon
Fish described in 1860
Taxa named by Edward Blyth
The Box is a Swedish supernatural psychological thriller television series created by Adi Hasak for the Nordic Entertainment Group and first released on 28 November 2021 on Viaplay.
Premise
Detective Sharon Pici appears to have mental issues. However, unknown to those around her, her actions are driven by supernatural forces.
Cast and characters
Main
Anna Friel as Sharon Pici: a Kansas City detective, titular "queen of the box".
Peter Stormare as Jedidiah Brag: a police lieutenant and Pici's boss.
Alexander Karim as Thomas Lovell: a detective, Pici's partner.
Helen Behan as Tory Snow: a police department psychologist who is treating Pici.
Olivia Grant as Sylvian Rosen: a prosecutor and also Pici's wife.
Shaq B. Grant as Joseph Anderson: a police officer.
Letitia Hector as Jenny Block: a trainee detective.
Recurring
Nina Yndis as Adina Ilic: suspected of murdering her husband.
Gerard Monaco as Joey Cox: another suspect.
Julia Szczygiel as Charlene:
Bjarne Graflund as an Off Duty Cop:
Fredrik Malm as an Off Duty Cop:
Dennis Duolee as Teddy Lewis:
Nina Yndis as Zoe Popescu: Adina Ilic's sister.
Silas Strand as Jonah: Pici and Rosen's son.
John Guerrasio as Hiram Saperstein:
Rennie Mirro as Fake Hiram Saperstein:
Rasmus Wurm as The Magician:
Episodes
Background and production
The Box is an English language series created and written by Adi Hasak. An announcement about The Box was made at the 2020 MIPCOM, with production due to start in Sweden in February 2021. It was developed by the Nordic Entertainment Group who gave a straight to series order to be produced by Nice Drama, an NENT Studios company, that is now part of Viaplay Studios. Production was also undertaken by Adi TV Studios. Production started in March 2021.
Release
The Box was released on the Viaplay streaming service in Poland, the Baltics and Nordic countries on 28 November 2021. It will be available in the Netherlands and the UK in 2022 when Viaplay is launched in those countries. For all other countries MGM has global distribution rights.
Reception
References
External links
2021 Swedish television series debuts
2020s Swedish television series
English-language television shows
2020s supernatural television series
Psychological thriller television series
Television shows set in Kansas
Anna Easteden (born 29 November 1976) is a Finnish-American actress. Her film appearances include The House of Branching Love (2009) and Sideways (2009). She is known for her performance as "Bee Sting" in Who Wants to Be a Superhero? season 2 (2007) on Sci Fi Channel. She co-starred in soap operas: Passions and Days of Our Lives on NBC, the television series Bones on Fox and Two and a Half Men on CBS.
Biography
Easteden was born in Tohmajärvi, Finland, as Anna Katariina Shemeikka, the daughter of dairy farmers. She has a younger brother, Antti. Easteden was raised in Finland until her teenage years, excelling in public schools, and graduating youngest in her class.
Modeling career
Easteden graduated from a Finnish modeling school at the age of 12 and shortly booked her first modeling job in Finland. She appeared in her first magazine cover after winning a national contest held by popular teen magazine SinäMinä (as Anna Shemeikka).
Still a teenager, Anna Easteden received her first international modeling contract with a Japanese modeling agency and moved to Tokyo. In Tokyo she appeared in advertisements for companies such as: Kanebo, Sony, Nissan, Wacoal, Oricom, NEC and Lux. She was designer Akira Kimijima's house model and had an exclusive contract with a Japanese cosmetics company. Easteden also worked as a model in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, New Zealand, Slovakia, Guam and finally the United States. In the US, Anna Easteden has modeled for companies including: Avon, Salvatore Ferragamo, Calvin Klein, XOXO, Hermès, Diesel, Pony, T-Mobile, Toyo Tires, Michael Antonio, Jockey, Ashworth, Kohl's, Nissan, Victoria's Bridal, Gottschalks, Anna's Linens, PajamaGram, Rio Hotel, Marie Claire, Chevy, Sue Wong and Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.
Acting career
Easteden started her acting career in TV commercials in Japan, Taiwan, and the United States. In her first play she was Sleeping Beauty in the play Sleeping Beauty, which premiered in Chicago, at the Downers Grove Tivoli Theater.
Easteden is known for her performance as supervillain "Beesting" from Who Wants to Be a Superhero?. Her other television roles include: Two and a Half Men, Bones, Passions, and Days of Our Lives.
Easteden is the host of Wipeout in Finland, that started airing in Finland on FOX in March 2013.
Humanitarian Work
Easteden conducted a comparative legal research study on the different aspects of asylum procedures in selected European countries for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Bratislava, Slovakia. Her research impacted the Slovak National Asylum Legislation, which was in the process of amendment. Easteden continued her work in Bratislava, with an international partner of The Foundation for a Civil Society (USA), where she was involved in the "Citizen Campaign "OK '98" for free and fair elections.
Personal life
Easteden married an American baseball coach, Rob McKinley, in 2007 and gave birth to their daughter Everett on February 23, 2018. They live in Los Angeles.
Filmography
Awards
In 2010, Easteden was nominated for Best Supporting Actress award at the Method Fest Independent Film Festival in Los Angeles, California.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Tohmajärvi
American film actresses
American television actresses
Actresses from Los Angeles
American female models
American people of Finnish descent
American Scientologists
Finnish expatriates in the United States
Finnish female models
Finnish television actresses
Finnish film actresses
American human rights activists
Women human rights activists
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Goodwill Ambassadors
Activists from California
Pagotto is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Angelo Pagotto (born 1973), Italian football goalkeeper
Antonio Pagotto, or Toni Pagot (1921–2001), Italian comics artist and animator
Mario Pagotto (1911–1992), Italian football defender
See also
Carpenterie Pagotto, Italian aircraft manufacturer
Pagotto Brakogyro, a series of Italian autogyros
Pagotto Brako, an Italian ultralight trike
Italian-language surnames
1950 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 44th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1950 in water polo
1950 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Kenaz Swain (born 16 April 2005) is a Bahamian footballer who plays for Western Warriors and the Bahamas national football team.
Club career
As of 2021 Swain plays for Western Warriors of the BFA Senior League. For the 2018/19 season he was part of the club's under-15 side that went undefeated on the season, culminating with a 3–1 victory over Dynamos FC U15 in the championship match. Swain's defensive performance was specifically noted by local media as a key to the championship victory. That season the team scored sixty nine goals while conceding only one.
International career
Swain represented the Bahamas at the 2019 CONCACAF Under-15 Championship and in 2019 CONCACAF U-17 Championship qualifying. He received his first senior international call-up at age 16 for 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification. He made his debut coming on as a substitute on 2 June 2021 in a 0–7 loss to Puerto Rico days later.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Bahamas FA profile
National Football Teams profile
Global Sports Archive profile
2005 births
Living people
Bahamian footballers
Bahamas international footballers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Nassau, Bahamas
The Lake (みずうみ Mizūmi) is a 2015 novel by Banana Yoshimoto, translated into English by Michael Emmerich, and inspired by the infamous, real-life Aum Shinrikyo cult.
Plot
After her mother's death, Chihiro moves to Tokyo, where she sees a mysterious man, Nakajima, standing in the window of his home opposite hers, and watching her. Nakajima seems to have been a victim of a childhood trauma. Chihiro begins to fall in love with him but his dark past threatens to tear them apart.
Characters
Chihiro : Born to unmarried parents. Her father is a businessman and her mother is the owner of a bar. She is a graphic artist.
Nakajima : A mysterious man with a dark troubled past involved with the Lake.
Mino : Nakajima's friend, brother to bed-ridden seer Chii. He acts as Chii's mouthpiece.
Chii: a bed-ridden seer who is barely conscious; sister of Mino with whom she communicates telepathically.
References
External links
The Lake at Goodreads
2005 Japanese novels
Novels by Banana Yoshimoto
John Abernethy Kingdon (1828–1906) was a nineteenth century surgeon and historian.
Biography
He was the son of the surgeon William Kingdon and had John Abernethy as godfather.
Kingdon was a member of the Worshipful Company of Grocers. He became an influential figure within the livery company. He was for many years of their governing body, the court and was Master in 1883. He edited and wrote an introduction to Facsimile of first volume of ms. archives of the Worshipful Company of Grocers of the city of London, A.D. 1345-1463. He also wrote about Thomas Poyntz and Richard Grafton, two sixteenth century members of the Grocers Company who had been involved in getting English translations of the Bible printed.
He died in January 1906 and was buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.
References
English surgeons
19th-century English historians
1828 births
1906 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Harold Lloyd Nicholas (March 27, 1921 – July 3, 2000) was an American dancer specializing in tap. Nicholas was the younger half of the tap-dancing pair the Nicholas Brothers, known as two of the world's greatest dancers. His older brother was Fayard Nicholas. Nicholas was featured in such musicals as An All-Colored Vaudeville Show (1935), Stormy Weather (1943), The Pirate (1948), and The Five Heartbeats (1991).
Life and career
Early years
Nicholas was born to drummer and orchestra leader Ulysses Domonick and pianist Viola Harden in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. By the age of three, his older brother Fayard enjoyed sitting in the audience of the black vaudeville theater where his parents performed, enraptured by the great performers on stage. Immersed in show business, when the Nicholases added a second son to the family, seven-year-old Fayard insisted that the child be named after his idol, Harold Lloyd, the silent-screen comedian. The two brothers soon began dancing, and they quickly gained acclaim for their elegant acrobatic moves and mastery of tap. When Fayard was 16 and Harold nine, they made their first appearance at the legendary Cotton Club in New York City and were a popular success immediately.
Career
Their reputation grew rapidly, and Harold and Fayard became established superstars at Twentieth Century Fox with their astounding dance numbers in the studio's musicals features. The brothers began appearing in musical films with Eubie Blake. They performed in vaudeville, on Broadway, in nightclubs, on television, and in movie musicals. Harold appeared in more than 50 feature films, including The Big Broadcast (1936), Down Argentine Way (1940), Tin Pan Alley (1940), and Sun Valley Serenade (1941), which features the show-stopping "Chattanooga Choo Choo" tap dance number performed by Harold, Fayard, and Dorothy Dandridge.
Fred Astaire told the brothers that their dazzling footwork, leaps and splits in the Jumpin' Jive dance in Stormy Weather (1943) produced the greatest movie musical number he had ever seen. In the number, the brothers dance on a piano and leap over performing musicians. The Nicholas Brothers' Hollywood career began after movie mogul Samuel Goldwyn spotted them in a nightclub and cast them in Kid Millions (1934). The two became big film stars despite racial restrictions at the time prohibiting speaking parts and scenes with white co-stars. Their last film together was 1948's The Pirate, in which Gene Kelly danced with them, breaking the color barrier. Harold went on to work as a solo artist, moving to France and touring as a singer and dancer. He appeared in the French film L'Empire De La Nuit (1964).
Later life
Nicholas returned to America occasionally to do shows with his brother. Harold also appeared in the films Uptown Saturday Night (1974), Tap (1989), The Five Heartbeats (1991) and Funny Bones (1995). In 1985–86, Nicholas played the role of "Daddy Bates" in the National Tour of the Broadway musical The Tap Dance Kid. In 1993, he starred in the Milwaukee Repertory Theatre's world premiere of If These Shoes Could Talk, which also starred Tony nominee Ted Levy, an original tap dance musical by Lee Summers and Kevin Ramsey. The leading character, a seasoned triple threat/hoofer, "Dr Rhythm," was written for Nicholas and would be his farewell stage performance in a musical. Carnegie Hall sold out for a tribute to him and his brother in 1998, who were both present. By that time he had been living on New York's Upper West Side, where he lived for approximately 20 years with his third wife Rigmor Alfredsson Newman, a producer.
Personal life
Nicholas was married three times and had two children. His first marriage, on September 6, 1942, was to the actress, singer and dancer Dorothy Dandridge. They met at the Cotton Club in Harlem in 1938. Together they had a daughter, Harolyn Suzanne, who was born on September 2, 1943 (died in 2003), with severe brain damage that prevented her from speaking or even acknowledging her parents. By 1948, their marriage had deteriorated and Nicholas abandoned his family. Their marriage lasted nine years, ending in 1951. Nicholas had been linked briefly in Europe to Swiss actress Nyta Dover. Nicholas had a son, Melih, with his second wife Elyanne Patronne. At the time of his death, he was married to Rigmor Newman Nicholas.
Death and honors
Nicholas died in New York City on July 3, 2000, at the age of 79, from heart failure. Nicholas was inducted into the National Museum of Dance C.V. Whitney Hall of Fame in 2001, along with his brother Fayard Nicholas.
Filmography
Nicholas appeared in the following films dancing alongside his brother Fayard, with occasional solos:
References
External links
Official Nicholas Brothers website
1921 births
2000 deaths
African-American male dancers
African-American dancers
American male dancers
American tap dancers
Kennedy Center honorees
People from Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
Geisecke is a city district of the city Schwerte in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. On 31 December 2012, it had a population of 3,009 inhabitants. Geisecke is located north of the Ruhr near the Sauerland. The city center of Schwerte is a few kilometers to the west.
References
External links
Geisecke on Schwerte.de
Unna (district)
Serginho Paulista may refer to:
Serginho Paulista (footballer, born 1980), Brazilian football right-back
Serginho Paulista (footballer, born 1988), Brazilian football defensive midfielder
Karasay District (, ; , former Kaskelen District) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Kaskelen. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Populated places established in 1929
Weldon is a suburban village and civil parish on the eastern outskirts of Corby, Northamptonshire, two miles away from the town centre. The village is listed in the Domesday Book as 'Weledene', in the Colby A Hundred. The head of the manor before 1066 is listed as 'Weldon', likely Anglo-Saxon. The Lord in 1066 is listed as 'Northmann', perhaps an unnamed Viking or Dane. The Lord, and Tenant-in-Chief, in 1086 was Robert de Bucy (Buci), a Norman.
The village's name means 'hill with a spring/stream'.
It is, currently, administered by North Northamptonshire council. Prior to local government changes in 2021 it was administered by Corby Borough Council; at the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 1,644 people, increasing to 2,099 at the 2011 Census.
While still a defined village, , it is under great pressure to expand and has since become a suburb of its neighbour. However, it still remains a parish. Weldon is at the crossroads of the north–south A43 trunk road which bypasses it to the west and the A427 that, locally, provides a route to Market Harborough westbound and Oundle eastbound; traffic on this road is "calmed" by an extensive scheme. The King's Arms public house was demolished and replaced with housing. It has now been absorbed into the Corby Urban Area which had a population of 56,810 in 2011.
Weldon currently has two public houses, the CAMRA-approved Shoulder of Mutton and The George, formerly a 17th-century coaching inn. The Church of St Mary the Virgin is an early-13th century limestone built church and is located just to the south of the main village.
The village is home to Weldon Cricket Club which runs ten teams for both adults and children, the team is going from strength to strength climbing the Northamptonshire leagues. Chairman Andy Warren . and the village football team, Weldon United, play in the Northamptonshire Football Combination Premier Division.
References
External links
Comprehensive village website
Open Domesday website
Villages in Northamptonshire
Civil parishes in Northamptonshire
North Northamptonshire
In the U.S. state of Oregon, enforcement of local, state, and federal law on public university property is delegated to a number of security, public safety, and police agencies.
Public institutions in Oregon may elect to form campus police. The University of Oregon, Oregon Health & Science University, and Portland State University have armed police departments. Other universities employ Public Safety Officers (with limited police powers) and security officers, or contract with other police agencies to provide services.
Statutory authority and training
Authority
Senate Bill 405, passed into law on June 23, 2011, states:
"The State Board of Higher Education may, at the request of a public institution under its control, authorize the institution to establish a police department and commission one or more employees as police officers. A police department established under this section has all of the authority and immunity of a municipal police department of this state."
Oregon Revised Statutes (ORS) 352.385 provides for the commissioning and training of Special Campus Security Officers at Oregon's public universities. These officers are given probable cause arrest authority and "Stop and Frisk" authority under Oregon law. However, they are excluded from the definition of "police" or "peace officer" for the purposes of some Oregon statutes.
ORS 353.050 provides for similar commissioning of officers at Oregon Health and Science University (OHSU). OHSU's officers are statutorily known as University Police Officers, carry firearms, and are considered police for all Oregon statutes. OHSU Police Officer's attend the Basic Police Academy in Salem, Oregon. OHSU Police is the primary law enforcement agency for the jurisdictional boundaries of the Marquam Hill and South Waterfront Campuses.
Cooperative agreements and mutual aid
All of Oregon's campus agencies have formal or informal mutual aid agreements with local police agencies.
Several campuses have chosen to formally contract police services to supplement the work of their Public Safety Officers. Oregon State University has a contracted detachment of the Oregon State Police on campus, while the University of Oregon, Oregon Health & Science University and the Portland State University have established independent campus police departments.
University of Oregon Police Department
The University of Oregon Police Department is the law enforcement agency for the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, United States. The department has state police powers to enforce all state laws and university rules, with primary jurisdiction involving the University of Oregon campus. UOPD has more than 90 staff and is increasing in size along with the rapidly growing university, which currently has over 23,000 students.
Statutory authority and training
Authority
Effective June 23, 2011, the State of Oregon legislature approved a bill allowing public universities within the state to create their own police forces. Prior to this legislation, limited authority "public safety departments" were the only option for universities in Oregon. With the new legislation public universities may govern over full powered police agencies to protect university property and surrounding areas. On June 21, 2013, the Oregon State Board of Higher Education voted to allow UOPD officer to carry firearms on duty. The officers had previously been required to be trained and certified to use firearms, but were not permitted to carry on the job. The ability to carry firearms allows the department to respond to all calls, and require less assistance from other area police agencies.
About the Department
UOPD operates from two different stations located on the University of Oregon campus. The department works with Eugene Police Department officers, making a partnership between the two agencies. Officers are on-duty 365 days a year and provide immediate response to all types of calls for service to include emergency situations and critical incidents.
Department Structure
Office of the Chief and Executive Director
Patrol Team
Safe Campus Team
Office of Administration
Office of Parking and Transportation
Office of Security
Ranks & Personnel
Campuses
Main Campus
Oregon Institute of Marine Biology
University of Oregon Portland Campus.
Pine Mountain Observatory
Campus Patrol
The university and surrounding neighborhood is patrolled by UOPD Officers regularly throughout both day and night.
Bicycle Patrols
Bicycles provide a quick response to emergencies while patrolling campus because of their ability to maneuver through pedestrian traffic and areas that vehicles can't easily reach.
Foot Patrols
UOPD Officers and Community Service Officers conduct regular foot patrols in buildings and around campus, daily. The focus of these patrols is building security, personal safety of students and staff, and to maintain an active presence throughout the campus to deter crime.
Vehicle Patrols
Officers in vehicles patrol campus parking lots and streets throughout the day and night. UOPD utilizes marked and unmarked cars, as well as trucks and ATVs.
Special Event Patrols
University of Oregon Police focuses its efforts on providing a safe and secure environment to all patrons at University of Oregon Duck football games and other Pac-12 athletic events. During the November 6, 2010, UO vs. University of Washington football game 117 patrons were ejected from the venue, the majority for alcohol violations and or disorderly conduct.
Training
University Police officers attend the standard 16-week police academy in Salem. All police officers receive equivalent training to their city, county and state police counterparts.
Interaction with students
Generally, campus police officers have greater flexibility than their municipal counterparts when dealing with university students. Student judicial and conduct codes allow for dealing with minor drug, alcohol, and vandalism charges outside the legal system. This gives the university the option of seeing that minor infractions do not become a criminal record for the student.
Vehicles
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Oregon
Oregon University System
References
Specialist police departments of Oregon
Oregon
2011 establishments in Oregon
María Dolores Aguilar Seco (born in Castuera, Spain in 1958) is a Spanish entrepreneur and socialist politician. She holds a Ph.D. in politics and sociology from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. She served as Second Vice-President of Economic Affairs and Ministry of Economy, Trade and Innovation for the regional Government of Extremadura from 2007 to 2011. She has also held other positions during her political career:
Director General of Migrations of the Junta of Extremadura (2001–2003)
Deputy for Badajoz in the Assembly of Extremadura (2007–2011)
Counselor of Economy, Commerce and Innovation for the Board of Extremadura (2007–2011)
References
External links
Ficha en la presentación del Gobierno de la Junta de Extremadura
Ficha en la Asamblea de Extremadura
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
1958 births
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Living people
21st-century Spanish politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
In Fijian mythology, Tui Delai Gau is the god of mountains who can remove his hands and have them fish for him. He can also take off his head and put it in the sky as a look-out. He lives in a tree.
Sources
Further reading
Fijian deities
Nature gods
François Fug (born 7 February 1931) is a Luxembourgian former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1931 births
Living people
Luxembourgian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Luxembourg
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Esch-sur-Alzette
The 1978 British Formula Three season was the 28th season of the British Formula Three racing. There was once again two major championships contested throughout the year: the British Automobile Racing Club organised BP Super Visco British Formula 3 Championship, and the British Racing Drivers' Club backed Vandervell British Formula 3 Championship. This would be the final year with multiple British championship, with the BARC and BRDC unifying for the following season.
The BARC championship was won by Brazilian driver Nelson Piquet ahead of British driver Derek Warwick, whilst in the BRDC championship, Warwick triumphed over Piquet. Piquet subsequently moved up into Formula One during the same year, driving for the Brabham team in the final Formula 1 race of the season as well as two other teams earlier.
BP Super Visco British F3 Championship
The BARC championship was run over 16 rounds, held at ten different circuits across England and in Monaco and France. The champion was Brazilian Nelson Piquet, ahead of BRDC series champion Derek Warwick
Calendar and results
Final championship standings
Points were awarded to the top six drivers in each race as follows:
Vandervell British F3 Championship
The BRDC championship was run over ten rounds, held at five different circuits across England. The champion was Englishman Derek Warwick, ahead of BARC series champion Nelson Piquet
Calendar and results
Non-championship races
References
British Formula Three Championship seasons
Formula Three
Garland v. Gonzalez, 596 U.S. ___ (2022), was a United States Supreme Court case related to immigration detention.
Background
Aliens who have been ordered to be deported by immigration courts can be detained by the federal government, pending their removal from the country. The statute that authorizes such detention does not contain a set time limit for the detention, but in Zadvydas v. Davis (2001), the Supreme Court read in a six-month limitation to avoid what it perceived were constitutional issues. Two separate classes of aliens filed lawsuits in the United States District Courts for the Northern District of California and Western District of Washington. The courts granted class action status, and enjoined enforcement of the law by the United States Department of Homeland Security, ruling the aliens must be provided with bond hearings where the government had the burden of proving that they are flight risks or dangers to the community. The federal government appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which affirmed, over the dissent of Judge Ferdinand Fernandez. The government subsequently filed a petition for a writ of certiorari.
Supreme Court
Certiorari was granted in the case and the companion case Johnson v. Arteaga-Martinez on August 23, 2021. The court also asked for briefing in Gonzalez on the question of whether a separate provision of the statute stripped the lower courts over the jurisdiction necessary to issue a class-wide injunction. Oral arguments were held on January 11, 2022. On June 13, 2022, the Supreme Court reversed the Ninth Circuit in a 6–3 vote, with Justice Samuel Alito writing the majority opinion, and Justice Sonia Sotomayor concurring in the judgment in part and dissenting in part. The opinion cited to the opinion in Arteaga-Martinez for the statutory holding, while independently ruling the lower courts did not have jurisdiction for the class-wide injunction. This decision curtails the strength of class action lawsuits in the immigration context.
References
External links
2022 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
United States immigration and naturalization case law
Sarah Allison Jaffe (born January 29, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter from Denton, Texas. Known for her distinctively clear vocals, she has worked as a singer-songwriter across many musical genres, including acoustic-folk, indie pop and hip hop.
Early life
Jaffe was born in Lufkin in Angelina County, Texas to parents Roger Jaffe, a women's high school basketball coach, and Malea Jaffe (née Jackson), an art teacher. She has a sister. After a period during Jaffe's childhood when her family moved around Texas frequently, the family settled in Red Oak, Texas, outside of Dallas, where she grew up.
Jaffe's mom bought her a used acoustic guitar when she was 9 or 10 years old. She began playing music and performing when she was in high school in Dallas. She said that her family was musical, with her dad bringing influences of folk music and her mother that of the church choir. During this time, a local musician named Doug Burr was a mentor.
Career
Jaffe played shows in Dallas, then moved to Los Angeles for a year, where she had cousins who were musicians. After her time in L.A., Jaffe relocated permanently to Denton, Texas, which has a vibrant music scene with local musicians from The University of North Texas's music program that Jaffe connected with as well as other musicians in the community that she began playing with on a regular basis.
In 2008, Jaffe self-released a six-song EP called Even Born Again. The record has been described as singer-songwriter gothic-folk, and features Jaffe on guitar accompanied by a cellist as well as another guitarist.
Even Born Again featured the first release of her song, "Clementine," which is one of Jaffe's most well-known songs and was featured on NPR's Song of the Day. Jaffe said that she wrote the song quickly during a tour with a band she was playing with in Arkansas. The song, which she wrote in 10 minutes, was meant as filler because the band didn't have enough songs. Jaffe said the audience had an immediate positive reaction to the song.
In late 2009, she was signed to Kirtland Records (Bob Schneider, Toadies), the Dallas-based record label co-owned by Deep Blue Something drummer John Kirtland and his wife, The Polyphonic Spree's Jenny Kirtland.
In May 2010, Jaffe released her first full-length album Suburban Nature, which was recorded in December 2008. The record feature layers of vocals and incorporates ambient music, with live performances often including a cello, a violin and/or violinists (sometimes a quartet), an additional guitar, a string section, keyboards, and a drummer, a big departure from Jaffe's initial EP, which was more stripped down sounding. The song "Clementine" appears on Suburban Nature, and a video of the song, which was shot in the summer in Texas, was made by Jon Todd Collins.
In 2011, she released an EP called The Way Sound Leaves a Room that included a DVD video performance at the Wyly Theatre in Dallas from February 2011. This record included a cover of Drake's song, "Shut it Down". It also included a live cover of the Robyn song, "Hang With Me." Jaffe said the EP started with the song, "A Sucker For Your Marketing," and was meant to be a lo-fi quick project to explore music beyond her initial acoustic work. She bought a second-hand bass guitar and drum set and learned how to play them, using the new instruments to explore this new musical direction.
On April 21, 2012, she released her second full-length album called The Body Wins, which was produced by fellow Texan John Congleton. When writing the record, Jaffe heavily incorporated the bass guitar and drum set she had bought for the prior EP, using the instruments to add rhythm, drums, and melodies, which fit with Congleton's approach to producing. The Body Wins continues a movement away from Jaffe's early acoustic guitar singer-songwriter sound and expansion into electropop tunes. As part of the promotion of the record, Jaffe performed "Talk", a single from that album, on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on December 11, 2012.
In 2012, Jaffe met fellow North Texas-based producer Symbolyc One also known as S1 (Beyoncé, Erykah Badu, Jay-Z, Madonna, Talib Kweli) during a session where the music producer collective The Cannabinoids was remixing Jaffe's “Glorified High,” a track from her 2012 record, The Body Wins.
S1 and Jaffe ended up forming a group called The Dividends. The name came from the idea of distribution of profits. The Dividends project resulted in an EP called Far From Away. Jaffe has said that she was a big hip hop music fan, but her music up until the collaboration with S1 had not explored beyond Americana and indie pop yet. The work with The Dividends removed the concept of genre and incorporated a diverse mixture of R&B, jazz, electronica, rock, and pop. Jaffe said helped her move past writer's block and into more creative genre-busting directions.
This collaboration with the South Dallas-based S1 led to Jaffe contributing vocals and lyrics to Eminem's song "Bad Guy" off his 2013 album The Marshall Mathers LP 2. S1 produced the first half of the song with M-Phazes, with the second track produced by StreetRunner.
In 2013 for Record Store Day, Jaffe sang a cover of PJ Harvey's "Down by the Water" on a 7-inch recording with The Toadies, an alternative rock band from Fort Worth, Texas. The track was recorded live at the 2012 Dia de los Toadies Festival.
In 2014, Jaffe released her third full-length record, Don't Disconnect. The record marked a big stylistic shift into what has been described as pop-rock. Don't Disconnect was produced by Midlake drummer and producer McKenzie Smith at Redwood Studio in Denton, Texas, which Smith owns with fellow Midlake bandmate, guitarist Joey McClellan. The song, "Some People Will Tell You," was listed as a Songs We Love by NPR.
In 2015, Jaffe released a remix EP called Visions. Vision features the single, "Vision," with Sam Lao and Zhora. The record has mixes by Mystery Skulls, S1, and Blue, The Misfit. As part of the promotion of the record, Jaffe performed with some of the artists on Visions, recreating the music live on stage at Trees in Dallas.
In 2017, Jaffe released her fourth full-length record, Bad Baby. Bad Baby opens with the track "Synthetic Love," which is over six minutes long. The album artwork is by the Los Angeles-based photographer Lindsey Byrnes and Brooklyn-based illustrator John Lisle.
Soundtracks
The 2011 film, Life Happens, features Jaffe's song "Clementine" during the end credits.
In 2013, Jaffe sang vocals on "The Blue Umbrella Suite" by Jon Brion, which was featured in The Blue Umbrella, a short film for 2013 Pixar movie Monsters University.
In 2015, Jaffe appeared in the film, Some Kind of Hate, singing her song "Before You Go," which is on the soundtrack to the film.
In 2016, the Irish comedy TV series Can't Cope, Won't Cope used the song "Glorifyed High" from Jaffe's 2012 record The Body Wins on its soundtrack.
Oculus Story Studio's short virtual reality film, Dear Angelica, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2017, featured a new version of Jaffe's song, "All That Time." Dear Angelica stars Geena Davis and Mae Whitman. Jaffe knew the director, Saschka Unseld, from her experience working on The Blue Umbrella.
Also at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival is Augustine Frizzell's feature film, Never Goin' Back, which Jaffe contributed some original songs. Never Goin' Back stars Camila Morrone and Maia Mitchell (The Fosters).
Touring
In 2012, Jaffe performed as an opener on the New Multitudes tour, a Woody Guthrie tribute album with a band made up of Jay Farrar, Will Johnson, Anders Parker, and Jim James.
Jaffe has toured with Lou Barlow, Norah Jones, Blitzen Trapper, Astronautalis, The Polyphonic Spree, Why?, and Chelsea Wolfe, as well as fellow Texas-based bands Midlake, Old 97's and Centro-matic.
Band
Jaffe frequently plays with and has collaborated with multi-instrumentalist Robert Gomez on electric guitar. Becki Howard contributed violin on many of Jaffe's records. Her core band is made up of Don Cento on guitar, Scott Danbom (Centro-matic) on keyboards, and Matt Pence (Centro-matic) and sometimes Roberto Sanchez on drums. Pence often produces Jaffe's records.
Activism
In 2017, Jaffe signed a letter of protest and performed "Clementine" with St. Vincent in protest of the proposal of Texas Legislature's Bathroom Bill, which discriminates against transgender people using bathrooms that don't match their gender identity.
Honors and awards
2008: Dallas Observer, Dallas Observer Music Awards (DOMA) – Best Solo Act
2008: Dallas Observer, Dallas Observer Music Awards (DOMA) – Best Folk/Acoustic Act
2008: Dallas Observer, Dallas Observer Music Awards (DOMA) – Best Female Vocalist
Discography
Records
2010: Suburban Nature (Kirtland Records)
2012: The Body Wins (Kirtland Records)
2014: Don't Disconnect (Kirtland Records)
2017: Bad Baby (Kirtland Records)
EPs
2008: Even Born Again EP (Kirtland Records)
2011: The Way Sound Leaves a Room EP (Kirtland Records)
2015: Visions remix EP (Kirtland Records)
Singles
2010: Clementine CD single (Kirtland Records)
2012: Glorified High (The Cannabinoids Remix) single (Kirtland Records)
2012: Stay With Me single (Kirtland Records) – tracks: "Stay With Me" / "Face"
2012: Vulnerable single (Kirtland Records) – tracks: "Vulnerable" / "Two Intangibles Can't Be Had (Working For a Nuclear Free City Remix)"
2012: Glorified High single (Kirtland Records)
2013: Foggy Field (Remix) featuring Jimmy Lazers single (Kirtland Records)
2014: Lover Girl (Radio Edit) single (Kirtland Records)
2016: Did David Feel Like This? single (Kirtland Records)
2017: Bad Baby single (Kirtland Records)
The Dividends
with S1 aka Symbolyc One
2013: "The Dividends Feat. Raekwon ‘Fool's Gold'" track
2013: "Must Come Down" by 360 (feat. PEZ) track – co-wrote
2016: "Far From Away" EP by The Dividends (Kirtland Records)
2017: Hide&Seek compiled by The Foreign Exchange (Reel People Music Limited) – track: "Summer Glo (feat. Sam Lao)"
Soundtracks
2011: Life Happens – track: "Clementine" in end credits
2013: The Blue Umbrella Original Soundtrack by Jon Brion with Sarah Jaffe (Walt Disney Records) – single: "The Blue Umbrella Suite (feat. Sarah Jaffe)" / "The Blue Umbrella Suite (Instrumental)"
2015: Some Kind of Hate soundtrack – track: "Before You Go"
2016: Can't Cope, Won't Cope – track: "Glorifyed High"
2017: Dear Angelica soundtrack (Oculus Story Studio) – track: "All That Time" (new version)
2017: Never Goin' Back – original songs
Other contributions
2007: Strung Through De Gaulle by The Wallace Virgil (High City) – vocals
2008: Pomegranate by Astronautalis (Eyeball Records) – tracks: vocals and written by on "17 Summers" and "Two Years Before the Mast (feat. Sarah Jaffe)"
2009: Pine Sticks And Phosphorus by Robert Gomez – vocals (Nova Posta)
2009: Molina And Johnson by Jason Molina and Will Johnson (Secretly Canadian) – vocals
2009: Rider. Shadow. Wolf. by Magnolia Electric Co 45 (Secretly Canadian) – vocals on "Josephine"
2010: Queen of Denmark by John Grant (Bella Union) – vocals on "Supernatural Defibrillator"
2012: Hi-Heels & Low-Lifes by Josh Baze (Cartel Records) – track: "Where I Am (feat. Sarah Jaffe)"
2012: John Singer Sergeant: The Music And Songs Of John Dufilho (Kirtland Records) – tracks: "Married To The Sea" with vocals by Marcus Striplin and Jaffe "Gone In A Second" with vocals by Jaffe, Spyche, and Tony Miller
2012: Fill Your Lungs by Ending People EP (Cash Cow) – track: "Pretender Pt. 1" written by
2013: The Marshall Mathers LP 2 by Eminem (Aftermath Records/Shady Records/Interscope Records) – vocals (as S. Jaffe) on "Bad Guy"
2013: Down by the Water by PJ Harvey performed by Toadies With Sarah Jaffe / Rattlers Revival performed by Toadies Featuring The Honeybear Horns CD split (Kirtland Records)
2014: Daytrotter Presents No. 17: Sarah Jaffe / David Ramirez (Daytrotter Records) – split 12-inch vinyl, A-side tracks: "A Sucker For Your Marketing / Vulnerable" / "Two Intangibles Can't Be Had" / "Clementine"
2014: Farewell Transmission: The Music Of Jason Molina (Rock The Cause) – track: "Alone With The Owl"
2014: A Very Merry Denton by Various Artists (Denton Holiday Lighting Festival) – track: "O Holy Night"
2015: Heretics by Toadies (Kirtland Records) – vocals on "Beside You"
2016: Desperate Times: Songs Of The Old 97s – track: "The New Kid"
2017: Corner Suns by Corner Suns (Idol Records) – vocals on tracks: "Trance" and "The Rattle In The Room"
2017: Perfect Night, for a Funeral by Blue, the Misfit (HIGH STANDARDz) – track: "Live Forever (feat. Sarah Jaffe)"
See also
Music of Denton, Texas
References
External links
Sarah Jaffe at Kirtland Records
1986 births
American folk musicians
Living people
People from Denton, Texas
American folk guitarists
Music of Denton, Texas
Guitarists from Texas
21st-century American women guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
Kirtland Records artists
Sam (2005–07 – 6 August 2009), also known as Sam the Koala, was a female koala from the forests of Mirboo North, Victoria, Australia. She became publicly known when a video and photographs of her being rescued by a firefighter were distributed on the internet and through the media during the aftermath of the Black Saturday bushfires.
Initial encounter
A mobile phone video of the event, which attracted just over 1.4 million views on YouTube, shows firefighter David Tree approaching Sam who initially attempts to flee but then stops—Tree later speculated that the koala had been thinking "I can't run, I'm weak and sore, put me out of my misery"—and Tree calls for water. Sam is then shown drinking from a bottle he is holding for her. She is also seen allowing herself to be patted, and holding her paw on his hand. Sam became a symbol of hope.
It was initially thought that Sam had been rescued by Tree following the February 2009 Victorian bushfires; however, the event actually occurred in the week before the worst of the fires, during backburning operations. Tree and his crew came across Sam when they were blacking out (making sure that a contained or checked fire does not restart) after the fires had gone through. The video was recorded by Tree and other firefighters; it had been intended for Tree's daughter.
Treatment
Sam was subsequently taken to the Southern Ash Wildlife Centre in Rawson where she was found to be suffering from second-degree burns to her paws and given painkillers. Caretakers at the shelter expected that it would take her about eight months to recover. Based on the condition of her teeth, the shelter manager estimated her to be between two and four years old. She was placed with a male koala named Bob, who had been rescued from another of the bushfire areas two days earlier and was suffering from third-degree burns.
Subsequent events
Sam's story was featured in media outlets worldwide, including The New York Times and CNN. Gossip site TMZ.com mocked the rescue, calling Sam "pampered"; this drew significant reader backlash and attention. TMZ later apologised to Sam.
Sam was euthanized on 6 August 2009. The decision was made after exploratory surgery on her urinary bladder and uterus to evaluate the possible removal of cysts caused by urogenital chlamydiosis. As her condition was inoperable the veterinarian stated that the decision was made to euthanise to prevent her suffering. Sam's remains were moved to Melbourne Museum where they were preserved as a symbol of the bushfires.
The Giant Koala (one of Australia's big things) was renamed Sam to raise awareness of koalas.
Related products
An image of Sam with David Tree was used as cover art on a fundraising CD, Bushfire Aid, to which 35 national and international artists donated songs. All proceeds were donated to the Salvation Army Bushfire Appeal. A total of A$300,000 was also raised for the Country Fire Authority and other charities through selling photographs of Sam's rescue.
Trademark dispute
On 20 February 2009 and 13 March 2009, an application was made to register the words "Sam the Koala" as a trademark in Class 30 (for chocolates) and as a trademark in Class 16 (for colouring-in books). The applications were approved for Acceptance of Registration of a Trademark on 25 June 2009 and 16 July 2009 respectively. An opposition notice was lodged by the Victorian state Department of Sustainability and Environment (DSE) in September 2009 and that opposition outcome is still pending a final decision by IPAustralia. Media published the trademark applications which led to a dispute called an 'Opposition Notice'.
On 27 July 2010 the DSE applied for a new trademark TM1374402, Sam The Koala, in Class 32 (beverages), Class 33 (alcoholic beverages), Class 41 (education, training and cultural activities), Class 43 (services for providing food and drink), and Class 44 (veterinary services and hygienic and beauty care for animals); however, DSE Application TM1374402 was issued an "Adverse Report1" on 27 August 2010.
References
Further reading
.
External links
Obituary – The Independent, United Kingdom
2009 animal deaths
Animal deaths by euthanasia
2009 in Australia
Individual mammals
Koalas
A Partial Print is the third studio album by Tiger Lou.
Track listing
The More You Give (3:44)
The Less You Have To Carry (6:07)
So Demure (5:11)
Trust Falls (3:08)
An Atlas of Those Our Own (4:52)
Odessa (5:28)
Trails of Spit (4:01)
Coalitions (4:12)
Crushed by a Crowd (3:53)
A Partial Print (9:17)
References
2008 albums
Tiger Lou albums
Hyaluronidase deficiency is a condition caused by mutations in HYAL1, and characterized by multiple soft-tissue masses.
Signs and Symptoms
As hyaluronidase deficiency is an extremely rare disorder a clear clinical picture of the disease has not been formed. However, the following symptoms may occur:
Multiple soft tissue masses which may experience temporary episodes of painful swelling.
Temporary episodes of generalised cutaneous swelling
Frequent episodes of otitis media.
Short stature.
Mildy dysmorphic facial features such as a flattened nasal bridge, bifid uvula and a submucosal cleft palate.
Joint movement and intellectual ability are unaffected.
See also
Morquio syndrome
Hunter syndrome
Hurler syndrome
Skin lesion
References
External links
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
The San Jose Holiday Parade is in San Jose, California. The parade is considered one of the "Top 25 Parades in America". Celebrities and famous locals appear as Grand Marshals and numerous bands from across America are invited to participate in the parade.
History
The San Jose Holiday Parade tradition began in 1981 when Santa Claus arrived in grand style for the opening of the Christmas in the Park display at Plaza de Cesar Chavez, in Downtown San José. Santa appeared on the roof of the St. Claire Hotel (currently the Westin), vanished from its rooftop and magically appeared at the hotel entrance. Santa leaped into a horse-drawn carriage waiting to escort him up Market Street to the park. In the first year the parade consisted of a couple of fire engines, City of San José vehicles and Santa.
The next year, the parade became the Christmas in the Park Parade. It began on Park Avenue and circled around Plaza de Cesar Chavez. The parade featured a handful of units including the San Jose State University Spartan Marching Band, a couple of floats and children's groups. This tradition continued for a number of years until the parade became too large just circling the park. The 2008 parade is on December 7th.
In 1987, KNTV, San José's only network affiliate television station, began to broadcast the parade throughout the Bay Area as the parade gained popularity. In 1993, the Christmas in the Park Parade became the San Jose Holiday Parade, beginning a new tradition. In 1994, the parade began its expansion to become a major California event and showcase California's third largest city. Giant helium balloons, professionally made floats and marching musical units throughout North America were invited to join the line of march.
At the start of the Millennium, the parade was named "One of the Top 25 Parades in America" by the International Festival and Events Association and USA Today. In 2006, International Festival and Event professionals honored the San Jose Holiday Parade with the Grand Pinnacle Award. This award is presented annually to recognize the overall top international event.
The 2010 parade was held on December 5th. The honorary Grand Marshals will be two World Series champs from the San Francisco Giants.
This parade went on hiatus in 2020 & will return in 2021.
External links
San Jose Holiday Parade
References
Recurring events established in 1981
Christmas and holiday season parades
Culture of San Jose, California
Tourist attractions in San Jose, California
Parades in the United States
Festivals in the San Francisco Bay Area
John Jefferson Whitacre (December 28, 1860 – December 2, 1938) was an American businessman and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1911 to 1915.
Biography
Born in Decatur, Nebraska, Whitacre attended the public schools, Hiram (Ohio) College, and the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
He engaged as a manufacturer of hollow building tile.
He served as delegate to the 1912 Democratic National Convention.
He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1908 to the Sixty-first Congress.
He had a home built in Brown Township, Carroll County, Ohio. During the 1920 presidential campaign, both candidates, Warren G Harding and James M. Cox visited his home.
Whitacre was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1915).
He announced he would not run for a third term in 1914:
He resumed his former manufacturing pursuits.
He served as president of the Whitacre Engineering Co. and the Whitacre-Greer Fireproofing Co.
He was nominated in 1928 for the 18th district, but lost.
He died in Miami, Florida, December 2, 1938.
He was interred in Magnolia Cemetery, Magnolia, Ohio.
Sources
External links
1860 births
1938 deaths
People from Decatur, Nebraska
People from Carroll County, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Hiram College alumni
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Daniel Alejandro "Dani" Torres Rojas (born 15 November 1989) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Santa Fe
Born in Cáqueza, Cundinamarca, Torres joined Independiente Santa Fe's youth setup in 2005 at the age of 15. He made his senior debut on 8 June 2008, starting in a 0–3 away loss against América de Cali.
On 8 July 2011, Torres was loaned to fellow league team Atlético Nacional until the end of the year, with a buyout clause. However, he only appeared sparingly for the club, being released in the end of the year mainly due to disciplinary problems (some of them related to alcoholism).
Upon returning to Santa Fe, Torres established himself as a regular starter and helped the side in their 2012 and 2014 successful campaigns. He scored his first professional goal on 9 August of the latter year, netting the second in a 2–1 home win against Independiente Medellín.
Independiente Medellín
On 5 July 2015, Torres and fellow Santa Fe teammate Luis Carlos Arias were transferred to Independiente Medellín. He featured regularly for the side during his spell, scoring two goals in the 2015 season.
Alavés
On 19 July 2016, Torres signed a four-year contract with Deportivo Alavés, newly promoted to La Liga. He made his debut in the category on 21 August, starting in a 1–1 away draw against Atlético Madrid.
Albacete (loan)
On 31 January 2019, after featuring rarely during the first half of the campaign, Torres was loaned to Segunda División side Albacete Balompié, for six months.
Zaragoza
On 31 January 2020, Torres joined Real Zaragoza in the second division until the end of the season, after terminating his contract with Alavés.
Albacete return
On 7 February 2021, free agent Torres returned to Albacete on a contract until the end of the campaign.
International career
On 6 November 2015, Torres was called up by Colombia national team manager José Pékerman for two 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches against Chile and Argentina. He made his full international debut six days later, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 draw against the former.
Torres was also included in Pékerman's final 23-man list for the Copa América Centenario, featuring regularly as his side finished third.
Personal life
In October 2016, Torres produced a video urging Colombians against supporting the peace deal with FARC. Torres is a devout Christian, who cited his opposition to then president Juan Manuel Santos as that Santos did not put Jesus at the center of his politics.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Club
Santa Fe
Categoría Primera A: 2012-I, 2014-II
Copa Colombia: 2009
Superliga Colombiana: 2013, 2015
International
Colombia
Copa América: Third place 2016
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Cundinamarca Department
Colombian footballers
Association football midfielders
Categoría Primera A player
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Atlético Nacional footballers
Independiente Medellín footballers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Primera Federación players
Deportivo Alavés players
Albacete Balompié players
Real Zaragoza players
CD Castellón footballers
Copa América Centenario players
Colombia international footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Colombian Christians
Imma philomena is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986. It is found on the Marquesas Islands.
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Simon Thompson is a researcher, author and an emeritus professor of the University of Kent, where he specialized in logic and computation. His research into functional programming covers verification, tool-building and testing for Erlang, Haskell and OCaml. He is the author of books on type theory, Haskell and Erlang, and runs a Mooc about Erlang for FutureLearn.
Thompson gained his D.Phil. from the University of Oxford in 1984 with a dissertation entitled "Recursion theories on the continuous functionals". His adviser was Robin Oliver Gandy.
He has worked for IOG (IOHK) since 2019 on domain-specific languages for the Cardano blockchain platform. There, he developed a specialised smart contract language, Marlowe, designed for non-programmers working in the financial sector.
His books include: Type Theory and Functional Programming (Addison Wesley,1991); Miranda: The Craft of Functional Programming (Addison Wesley, 1995); Haskell: The Craft of Functional Programming (Addison Wesley, 2nd ed. 1999); and Erlang Programming (with Francesco Cesarini, O'Reilly, 2009).
References
British computer scientists
Academics of the University of Kent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People associated with Cardano
Enrique Palacios Hernández is a Spanish politician who served as the second Mayor-President of Melilla, a Spanish enclave on the north coast of Africa, from 3 March 1998 until 5 July 1999.
References
1952 births
Living people
Mayor-Presidents of Melilla
Members of the Assembly of Melilla
The following article presents a summary of the 1959 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 58th season of competitive football in the country.
Taça Brasil
Semifinals
Final
Bahia declared as the Taça Brasil champions by aggregate score of 5-5.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Standings
Santos declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions.
State championship champions
Other competition champions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1959.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1959 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
Lake Rotomahana is an lake in northern New Zealand, located 20 kilometres to the south-east of Rotorua. It is immediately south-west of the dormant volcano Mount Tarawera, and its geography was substantially altered by a major 1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera. Along with the mountain, it lies within the Okataina caldera.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "warm lake" for , following Hochstetter.
Before the 1886 eruption, only two small lakes were present in the current lake's basin. Following the eruption, a number of craters filled over the course of 15 years to form today's Lake Rotomahana. It is the most recently formed larger natural lake in New Zealand, and the deepest in the Rotorua district. The lake's northern shore lies close to the lower Lake Tarawera, separated by less than of terrain that is mostly material from the 1886 eruption. Lake Rotomahana has no natural outlet, and its water level varies by about one meter in response to rainfall and evaporation.
The lake is a wildlife refuge (and was one prior to first contact), with all hunting of birds prohibited. A healthy population of black swan inhabits the lake, and there are efforts underway to ensure the lake's largest island, Patiti Island, is kept pest-free. Recent research confirms Patiti Island is the closest surviving pre-eruption feature on the old lake, i.e. to survive the 1886 eruption, being formerly known as Rangipakaru Hill. There is no public access to the lake, save for the Tourist Track, overland from Lake Tarawera.
A boat cruise on the lake, visiting hydrothermal features on the lake's shore, is available as an additional extra from the Waimangu Volcanic Valley tourism operation.
Pink and White Terraces
The Pink and White Terraces were a natural wonder on the shores of the lake before the 1886 eruption. They were considered to be the eighth wonder of the natural world and were New Zealand's most famous tourist attraction during the 19th century, from c. 1870-1886; but were buried or destroyed by the eruption.
Scientists thought they had rediscovered the lower tiers of the Pink and White Terraces on the lake bed at a depth of in 2011. More recent research reports over 2016-2020 suggest the upper parts of both terraces lie on land and may therefore be accessed for physical evidence the terraces or sections of them survived in their original locations.
The 2017- research relied on the journals of German-Austrian geologist Ferdinand von Hochstetter, who visited the lake in 1859. Hochstetter's journals are the only known survey of the terraces before the eruption. Using Hochstetter's field diaries and compass data, a team of New Zealand researchers identified a location where they believe the Pink and White Terraces lie preserved at a depth of 10–15 metres (32–49 ft). The researchers were hoping to raise funds for a full survey of the area, but any work would first have to be approved by the local Maori tribe on whose sacred ancestral land the Pink and White Terraces are situated. Ground penetrating radar searches were undertaken in 2017 but the equipment failed to penetrate sufficiently deeply to show whether or not the Terraces lay in their surveyed locations. Later Hochstetter survey research refined the Pink, Black and White Terrace locations.
Green Lake
A small lake, Green Lake, lies close to the eastern shore of Lake Rotomahana at . It should not be confused by the much larger Lake Rotokakahi (Green Lake), which lies to the west of Rotomahana.
Green Lake was formed in a roughly circular crater and is some 100 metres in diameter. It takes its name from its distinctive colour, which is considerably greener and darker than that of Rotomahana. The lake formed after the 1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera. Prior to the eruption, a small (~12m diameter) lakelet also known as Green Lake (Lake Rotopounamu) had existed to the north of Lake Rotomahana in Waikanapanapa Valley but this was exhumed during the Tarawera eruption. After the eruption, water flowed into the new Green Lake crater, which was given the same name as the older lake. Other pre-eruption lakes and lakelets about Lake Rotomahana included Lakes Rotomakariri, Rangipakaru, Ruahoata and Wairake. The shape, location and orientation of Lake Makariri in Cole, 1970 (cited herein) is incorrect. He followed August Petermann's flawed map. Hochstetter shows the lake axis lay at an azimuth of 355 degrees. Recent research into these lake levels gave insight into changes at Lake Rotomahana in the lead-up to the eruption.
The Sunken Totara Forest Myth
One forgotten lake feature is the semi-mythical sunken totara forest of Lake Rotomahana. In 2016 when a scuba team first dove the lake, they found no evidence of a sunken forest or trees, as reported by Fitzgerald off Moura. While there were forests over the pre-eruption Mt Tarawera, Totara trees were scattered and only recorded over the western and southern mountain flanks. Given Totara tree groves could hardly appear in the eruption craters; it appears likely any sunken forest lies in the north-east corner of the new lake.
The placement of the sunken forest would have been post-eruption, via the mechanism described by the US Forest Service after the Mt. St. Helens eruption. The trees were uprooted in the eruption and propelled into the crater during or after the eruption. As the new lake formed over decades, the trunks floated for a time, then tipped vertically; later descending into a vertical lie, and became embedded into the lake floor coming to resemble a sunken forest. Hence, another myth about the Tarawera eruption and Lake Rotomahana is explained.
References
External links
Pink & White Terraces photos
The 1886 eruption
The Pink and White terraces 2011
Lakes of the Bay of Plenty Region
Okataina Volcanic Centre
Volcanic crater lakes
1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera
Taupō Volcanic Zone
Gaia Bassani Antivari (born July 8, 1978) is an Italian-born alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and 2014.
She previously competed for Grenada, and attempted to compete for them at the 2002 Winter Olympics. However, she couldn't as the GOA did not submit paperwork. She withdrew from the Slalom of 2014 Olympic Winter Games due to a serious injury suffered just three days before the race.
References
External links
Olympic Reference Profile
1978 births
Living people
Alpine skiers from Milan
Italian female alpine skiers
Azerbaijani female alpine skiers
Grenadian female alpine skiers
Naturalized citizens of Azerbaijan
Italian emigrants to Azerbaijan
Italian emigrants to Grenada
Olympic alpine skiers of Azerbaijan
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Szava is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Emajõe is a genitive form of Emajõgi, a river in Estonia and may refer to:
Emajõe-Suursoo Nature Reserve
Emajõe Business Centre in Tartu
Emajõe Summer Theatre
Emajõe tänav, street in Tartu
Liis Emajõe (born 1991), Estonian footballer
Riin Emajõe (born 1993), Estonian footballer
Shabab Al Ahli, is an Emirati professional basketball team located in Dubai.
The team has competed in both the domestic UAE National Basketball League and the international FIBA Asia Champions Cup.
Achievements
UAE National League champion: 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019
Notable players
To appear in this section a player must have either:
- Set a club record or won an individual award as a professional player.
- Played at least one official international match for his senior national team at any time.
Qais Alshabebi
Maik Zirbes
Kaspars Cipruss
Sponsorship
Dubai Silicon Oasis Authority has been the team's official jersey sponsor.
References
External links
Profile at FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2017
Profile at Asia-basket.com
Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Basketball teams in the United Arab Emirates
Basketball teams established in 1958
Sport in Dubai
Alchemy Goods is a company with headquarters in Boulder, CO and manufacturing in Seattle, WA. Alchemy Goods creates bags and accessories from recycled materials like salvaged bicycle inner tubes, upcycled denim, and repurposed Advertising Banners. The Ag motto, 'turning useless into useful' refers to Ag's transformation of discarded materials into new products through a process called upcycling. Hundreds of Reis, Trek and independent bike shops send used bike tubes to Alchemy Goods every week. Since the recycling program was started in 2006, over 1,000,000 pounds of bike tubes and other salvaged materials have been diverted from landfill.
The first Alchemy Goods bike-tube messenger bag was created by founder Eli Reich in 2004 after someone stole his messenger bag and he replaced it with one he crafted from used bicycle inner tubes. Since that original messenger bag, Alchemy Goods has developed a wide array of upcycled bags and accessories for the urban lifestyle. Every Ag product comes with a lifetime guarantee and is manufactured in Seattle, Washington. '
References
External links
http://alchemygoods.com/
Manufacturing companies based in Seattle
The following is a list of the presidents and executive secretaries of the Religious Education Association.
The Religious Education Association is a nonprofit member association, serving as a professional and learned society for scholars and researchers involved in the field of religious education. In 2003 it merged formally with the Association of Professors and Researchers in Religious Education. Up until that date, REA presidents could serve for more than a year at a time, while APRRE presidents served for only one year at a time. At the moment of merger, presidential terms were limited to one year and "practitioners" was added to the title of the organization, making it the "Religious Education Association: An Association of Professors, Practitioners and Researchers in Religious Education" (REA: APPRRE).
Presidents of the REA
1903-04 : Frank Knight Sanders
1904-05 : Charles Cuthbert Hall
1905-06 : William Fraser McDowell
1906-07 : William Hubert P. Faunce
1907-08 : Henry Churchill King
1908-09 : Francis Greenwood Peabody
1909-10 : George Albert Coe
1910-11 : William Lawrence
1911-12 : James Hampton Kirkland
1912-13 : Harry Pratt Judson
1913-14 : Charles Franklin Thwing
1914-15 : Charles David Williams
1915-16 : George Black Stewart
1916-17 : Francis J. McConnell
1917-18 : Washington Gladden
1918-19 : Samuel A. Elliott
1919-21 : Arthur C. McGiffert
1921-24 : Theodore G. Soares
1924-26 : Donald J. Cowling
1926-28 : Robert A. Falconer
1928-31 : William Adams Brown
1931-33 : John H. Finley
1933-35 : Herbert N. Shenton
1935-39 : Hugh Hartshorne
1940-42 : Harrison Elliott
1942-44 : Ernest Chave
1944-46 : F. Ernest Johnson
1946-48 : Ernest W. Kuebler
1948-55 : Samuel P. Franklin
1955-57 : George N. Shuster
1957-62 : Jerome Kerwin
1962-67 : Philip Scharper
1967-69 : David R. Hunter
1969-72 : Oswald P. Bronson, Sr.
1972-75 : Sr. Ann Ida Gannon, BVM
1975-77 : Rabbi David Wolf Silverman
1977-79 : Emily V. Gibbs
1979-81 : Henry C. Simmons, C.P.
1981-85 : Rabbi Walter Jacob
1985-89 : Joanne Chafe
1989-1993 : Mary Elizabeth Moore
1993-97 : Stephen B. Scharper
1997-99 : Noel B. Shuell
1999-2000 : Sherry Blumberg
2000-02 : Ronald H. Cram
Presidents of the APRRE
1970-71 : Allen J. Moore
1971-72 : Neely D. McCarter
1972-73 : C. Ellis Nelson
1973-74 : Iris V. Cully
1974-75 : Berard L. Marthaler
1975-76 : Gerald A. Slusser
1976-77 : Norma H. Thompson
1977-78 : Clarence H. Snelling, Jr.
1978-79 : Mary Charles Bryce, O.S.B.
1979-80 : David S. Stewart
1980-81 : Margaret Webster
1981-82 : Charles F. Melchert
1982-83 : Lucie W. Barber
1983-84 : Donald M. Joy
1984-85 : Taylor Mcconnell
1985-86 : Joanmarie Smith
1986-87 : Richard A. Olson
1987-88 : Maria Harris
1988-89 : Robert Browning
1989-90 : Gloria Durka
1990-91 : Gabriel Moran
1991-92 : William B. Kennedy
1992-93 : Susanne Johnson
1993-94 : Stephen Schmidt
1994-95 : Mary C. Boys
1995-96 : Charles Foster
1996-97 : Fayette Breaux Veverka
1997-98 : Mary Elizabeth Mullino Moore
1998-99 : Thomas Groome
1999-2000 : Sara S. Lee
2000-01 : Jack Seymour
2001-02 : Greer A. Wenh-In Ng
Presidents of the REA:APPRRE
2002-03 : Anne Streaty Wimberly
2003-04 : Lorna Bowman
2004-05 : Robert O'Gorman
2005-06 : Ronnie Prevost
2006-07 : Margaret Ann Crain
2007-08 : José Irizarry
2008-09 : Carol Lakey Hess
2009-10 : Maureen O' Brien
2010-11 : Mary Hess
2011-12 : Dean Blevins
2012-13 : Yolanda Smith
2013-14 : Siebren Miedema
2014-15 : Mai-Anh Le Tran
2015-16 : Harold (Bud) Horell
2016-17: Bert Roebben
2017-2018: Mualla Selcuk
2018-2019: Kathy Winings
2019-2020: Hanan Alexander
2020-2021: Boyung Lee
2022-2023: Patrick Reyes
REA General Secretaries
1970-82 : Boardman (Barney) Kathan
1982-85 : Randolph Crump Miller
1985-87 : Dorothy Savage
1987-92 : Donald T. Russo
1992-97 : Barbara B. Ryan
1997-2002 : Ronald Cram
Executive Secretaries, APRRE
1970-90 : Donald F. Williams
1990-91 : Clarisse Croteau-Chonka and Burton Everist
1991-94 : Padraic O'Hare
1994-2001 : Charles F. Melchert
2001-03 : Randy Litchfield
Executive Secretaries, REA:APPRRE
2002-03 : Randy Litchfield
2004-06 : Lawanda Smith
2006-10 : W. Alan Smith
2010–2020 : Lucinda Huffaker
2020-present : Lakisha Lockhart
References
Religion and education
Religious education
Learned societies of the United States
Interfaith organizations
Sekgoma (or Sekhome) II (1869 – November 17, 1925) was the king of the Bamangwato people of Bechuanaland in modern-day Botswana.
He was the son of King Khama III by his first wife, Mma-Besi. In 1923, Sekgoma II ascended the throne at the age of 54 upon the death of his father. However, his reign was short and only lasted two years. Sekgoma's son, Seretse II, was too young at the time to ascend the throne, and Tshekedi Khama, Sekgoma's younger brother, acted as regent.
References
http://www.uq.net.au/~zzhsoszy/states/botswana/bamangwato.html
1869 births
1925 deaths
Botswana chiefs
Rodney Eddrick Kinlaw (born April 6, 1985]) is a former professional American Football running back. He played for the Edmonton Eskimos, Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League and Mönchengladbach Mavericks of the German Football League. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008, out of Penn State.
Early years
Kinlaw was a standout running back and defensive back at Stratford High School in Goose Creek, South Carolina, where he amassed 1,783 yards and 30 touchdowns as a senior. Kinlaw was named Offensive Back-of-the-Year by the Charleston Post and Courier and Palmetto Touchdown Club. He was named an All-American by SuperPrep and was a finalist for South Carolina's Mr. Football and was named Associated Press first-team all-state.
College career
Kinlaw, who at one time was considered to be the third best of the three tailbacks in the Nittany Lions' 2003 recruiting class, spent most of his career at Penn State on the depth chart behind Tony Hunt and Austin Scott while nursing a serious ACL injury.
He did not see significant playing time until week five of his senior season (2007). Kinlaw's career-best performance came versus Temple that year when he rushed for 168-yards on 27 carries, the most since previous Penn State running back Larry Johnson who had 271 yards rushing in a single game. Solid performances the second half of the 2007 season saw him become the 11th running back in Penn State history to reach 1,000 yards in a season ending with 1,329 yards rushing and 123 yards receiving.
His convincing 143-yard performance in the 2007 Alamo Bowl earned him recognition as the game's offensive MVP.
Professional career
New York Jets
On August 1, 2008, the New York Jets announced they signed Kinlaw as an undrafted free agent. He was later released on August 26 during the preseason.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Kinlaw was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League on February 9, 2009.
However, on April 3, 2009, Kinlaw was released.
Edmonton Eskimos
Kinlaw signed with the Edmonton Eskimos practice roster on August 26, 2009.
Omaha Beef
Kinlaw signed with the Omaha Beef of the Indoor Football League on December 31, 2009.
Mönchengladbach Mavericks
The Mönchengladbach Mavericks signed Kinlaw to play in the German Football League for the 2011 season.
Personal
Kinlaw is the nephew of former Penn State All-American Courtney Brown, who was the No. 1 overall pick by the Cleveland Browns in the 2000 NFL Draft.
Kinlaw earned his Bachelor of Arts in Labor and Industrial Relations in May 2007. He is working on a second degree, in Sociology.
References
External links
Edmonton Eskimos bio
Penn State Nittany Lions bio
1985 births
Living people
People from Berkeley County, South Carolina
American football running backs
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
New York Jets players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Edmonton Elks players
Omaha Beef players
German Football League players
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
American expatriate players of American football
WBZZ-HD2 is a 90s and 2000s hit radio station in New Kensington, Pennsylvania which carries the B94 branding from its former frequency at 93.7, currently occupied by KDKA-FM.
The last time the B94 moniker was used prior to this station was in 2010 when the sports talk format took over the 93.7 frequency.
References
BZZ-HD2
Vain elämää is the Finnish version of The Best Singers series broadcast on Finnish Nelonen commercial television channel fashioned on the successful Dutch series De beste zangers van Nederland. Each day, one artist would be chosen, and the remaining artists would perform covers of her or his songs and would be assessed by the original artist. The last day would be dedicated to duets of the most popular performances.
The title of the Finnish series is inspired by the 1973 song Vain elämää (fi. "it's only life") by Irwin Goodman.
Summary
Season 1 (2012)
The first Finnish edition started on 5 October 2012 and continued until 23 November 2012. The artists taking part were Erin, Kaija Koo, Katri Helena, Jonne Aaron, Cheek, Neumann and Jari Sillanpää.
Many of the renditions during the series have charted on the Finnish Singles Chart and the self-titled compilation album has topped the Finnish Albums Chart.
Performances
Albums
Vain elämää
At the end of the series, a compilation album Vain elämää was released WEA / Warner Music containing 21 tracks. The album topped the Finnish Albums Chart and was certified double platinum.
Track listing
Katri Helena – "Jos mä oisin sä"
Cheek – "Tinakenkätyttö"
Neumann – "Bum bum bum"
Jonne Aaron – "Satulinna"
Kaija Koo – "Vanha sydän"
Jari Sillanpää – "Sinä ja minä"
Erin – "Vasten auringon siltaa"
Cheek – "Kaduilla tuulee"
Neumann – "The Moment of Our Love"
Katri Helena – "Vanha nainen hunningolla"
Erin – "Vapaa"
Jonne Aaron – "Syytön"
Kaija Koo – "Mennään hiljaa markkinoille"
Jari Sillanpää – "Liekeissä"
Cheek – "Puhelinlangat laulaa"
Katri Helena – "Autiotalo"
Jari Sillanpää – "Nuoruus on seikkailu"
Kaija Koo – "Won't Let Go"
Jonne Aaron – "Kylmä ilman sua"
Erin – "Nahkatakkinen tyttö"
Neumann – "Anna mulle tähtitaivas"
Vain elämää jatkuu
Due to its popularity, a new compilation album was released on 21 December 2012 titled Vain elämää jatkuu (meaning Vain elämää continues) WEA / Warner Music. The album topped the Finnish Albums Chart. It has also gone double platinum on advance orders.
Track listing
Katri Helena – "Kuka keksi rakkauden"
Kaija Koo – "Katson sineen taivaan"
Jonne Aaron – "Lintu ja lapsi"
Jari Sillanpää – "Jealous Sky"
Erin – "Unta en saa"
Neumann – "Satasen laina"
Cheek – "Levoton Tuhkimo"
Kaija Koo – "Mikä siinä on"
Jonne Aaron – "Rio Ohoi"
Katri Helena – "Olen elossa taas"
Neumann – "Tuhlaajapoika"
Erin – "Jos menet pois"
Jari Sillanpää – "Teflon love"
Kaija Koo – "Pariisi – Helsinki"
Cheek – "Giving Up!"
Katri Helena – "Valkeaa unelmaa"
Erin – "Mitä tänne jää"
Jari Sillanpää – "Kaunis rietas onnellinen"
Jonne Aaron – "Jippikayjei"
Cheek – "Rakastuin mä looseriin"
Neumann – "Tuulikello"
Season 2 (2013)
Nelonen confirmed a second season, scheduled for autumn 2013. It ran from 4 October to 22 November 2013 with repeats and live performances from 5 October to 23 November 2013. The artists participating in the second season were Maarit Hurmerinta, Laura Närhi, Anna Abreu, Ilkka Alanko, Jukka Poika, Juha Tapio and Pauli Hanhiniemi.
Performances
Albums
Vain elämää – Kausi 2
At the end of the series 2, a compilation album Vain elämää – Kausi 2 was released WEA / Warner Music containing 21 tracks. The album topped the Finnish Albums Chart.
Vain elämää – Kausi 2 jatkuu
Due to its popularity, a new compilation album was released in December 2013 titled Vain elämää – Kausi 2 jatkuu (meaning Vain elämää season 2 continues) on WEA / Warner Music. The album reached number 2 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
Season 3 (2014)
Nelonen ran a third season that aired from 19 September to 7 November 2014. The artists participating in the third season are Samuli Edelmann, Elastinen, Paula Koivuniemi, Vesa-Matti Loiri, Jenni Vartiainen, Paula Vesala, Toni Wirtanen.
Performances
Season 4 (2015)
A fourth season began on Nelonen on 18 September 2015. The artists participating in the fourth season are Vicky Rosti, VilleGalle, Maija Vilkkumaa, Anssi Kela, Sanni, Pave Maijanen, and Antti Tuisku.
Performances
See also
The Best Singers (series)
References
External links
Official website
Finnish reality television series
Two Hand Band is an album by guitarist Pat Donohue that was released in 1993.
Guitarist Leo Kottke wrote in the liner notes: ""Enjoy this record, but if you're a guitar player, it's going to haunt you."
Reception
Writing for Allmusic, critic Mark Vanderhoff wrote of the album "Two of America's most important musical contributions to the world, folk and jazz, meet head-on with guitar maestro Pat Donohue's Two Hand Band... Donohue's amazing steel string fingerpicking makes it possible for him to perform songs that in most cases were originally written and arranged for large ensembles. His sense of harmony and rhythm is impeccable, but the melodies never get lost in the shuffle."
Track listing
"High Society" (Traditional) – 2:46
"The Moochie" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) – 4:12
"Yardbird Suite" (Charlie Parker) – 3:11
"All Blues" (Miles Davis) – 4:20
"Tico-Tico" (Z. Abru) – 3:14
"Seven Come Eleven" (Charlie Christian, Benny Goodman) – 2:58
"Royal Garden Blues" (Clarence Williams, Spencer Williams) – 2:04
"Summer in Central Park" (Horace Silver) – 4:32
"Tea for Two" (Vincent Youmans, Irving Caesar) – 2:09
"Georgia on My Mind" (Hoagy Carmichael, Stuart Gorrell) – 3:10
"Tequila and Green Onions" (Chuck Rio) – 3:26
Personnel
Pat Donohue – guitar
Production notes
Steve Tibbetts – engineer
Mary Ellen LaMotte – photography
Johnny Hanson – design
References
1993 albums
Pat Donohue albums
A Wireless Data center is a type of data center that uses wireless communication technology instead of cables to store, process and retrieve data for enterprises. The development of Wireless Data centers arose as a solution to growing cabling complexity and hotspots. The wireless technology was introduced by Shin et al., who replaced all cables with 60 GHz wireless connections at the Cayley data center.
Motivation
Most DCs deployed today can be classified as wired DCs because they use copper and optical fiber cables to handle intra- and inter-rack connections in the network. This approach has two problems, cable complexity and hotspots. Hotspots, also known as hot servers, are servers that generate high traffic compared to others in the network and they might become bottlenecks of the system. To address these problems several researchers propose the use of wireless communication into data center networks, to either augment existing wired data centers, or to realize a pure wireless data center
Although cable complexity at first seems like an esthetical problem, it can affect a DC in different ways. First, a significant manual effort is necessary to install and manage these cables. Apart from that, cables can additionally affect data center cooling. Finally, cables take up space, which could be used to add more servers. The use of wireless technologies could reduce the cable complexity and avoid the problems cited before, moreover, it would allow for automatic configurable link establishment between nodes with minimum effort.
Wireless links can be rearranged dynamically which makes it possible to perform adaptive topology adjustment. This means that the network can be rearranged to fulfil the real-time traffic demands of hotspots, thus solving the hot servers problem. Additionally, wireless connections do not rely on switches and therefore are free of problems such as single-point of failure and limited bisection bandwidth.
Requirements
The Data Center Network (DCN) is the infrastructure responsible to provide intra and inter-DC networking services, therefore is essential to design efficient high-speed/high bandwidth DCN to satisfy the high computing and communication demands from the DC. Another basic requirements, such as scalability and fault tolerance should also be addressed. In 2008, Ramachandran et al. talks specifically about the requirements that a wireless DCN should meet, they are as follows:
High inter-node link capacity: Online services, such as MapReduce and distributed file systems, need high link and network capacity.
Reliability: There should be predictable performance of links over time.
Security Isolation: Data exchanged between services should be protected from unintended services for security and confidentiality.
Scalability: Link connectivity should scale and allow for the incremental addition of new machines to the network.
Small form factor of networking components: All machine components should have small form factors to allow for reduced energy consumption and to meet higher processing requirements and floor space constraints.
Technologies
There are two candidate technologies to enable wireless DCNs, the most cited one is 60GHz radio frequency (RF), the other option is free space optical (FSO).
60 GHz RF: Radios in the license-free 60 GHz range have several characteristics that make them more suitable for adoption in data-centers. The spectrum availability of 7 GHz enables the creation of multiple links of high speed per unit volume, which allows for increased scalability. Moreover, signals at this frequency have reduced range relative to signals at lower frequencies, and smaller wavelengths, this allows for an improved interference mitigation and security, and also provides the capacity of designing sophisticated interfaces with small form factor. Finally, since the band between 57–64 GHz is license-free in a large number of countries, it is possible to launch products worldwide.
FSO: An FSO link is composed of a light source at the transmitter and a photodetector (PD) at the receiver. Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs) and Laser Diodes (LDs) are the most commonly used light sources in FSO links. LDs can support high data rate transmission, on the other hand, LEDs are considered as extended sources that can operate safely but have lower data rates as compared to LDs. Moreover, LEDs are cheaper and more reliable when compared to LDs. Positive-intrinsic-negative (PIN) or avalanche photodetectors (APDs) are the most common photodetectors used on FSOs. PINs are used in many contexts that require FSO links of low cost and low data rates, on the other hand, APDs are used on systems that require high data rates and high performance.
Challenges
Since DCNs needs high bandwidth in order to exchange big amount of data, new communication technologies must be capable of achieving high link and network capacities and also it should meet other requirements of a data center network. Hence, In order to implement wireless communication technologies in data centers, there are several challenges that may face any wireless technology to be deployed in DCNs like:
Security: In a DCN, there is a massive amount of data to exchange between the nodes in the racks, therefore isolation of data from unintended nodes and services is a must to avoid security and privacy problems.
Small form factor of networking components: The physical dimensions of racks are defined, also the thickness of a module in a rack is measured in Rack Unit (U), which is 1.8 ′′, most servers fit 1U but the others fit 2U or larger. The designers need to develop the network components and interfaces which meet these constraints.
Heat and air flow: Any changes in the DCN floor (e.g. rack arrangement, physical topology, etc.) can cause changes in Data center environmental control, e.g. air flow and heat distribution properties. This may, in turn, lead to inefficient cooling, and thus network component failure or higher power consumption.
Agile Links: To address the hotspot problem encountered by wired DCNs, inter-rack wireless links must have a degree of reconfigurability. One of the main challenges faced by wireless DCN designers is establishing and maintaining wireless links between different servers or racks.
Obstruction-free wireless links: In the large-scale data centers there is too many interconnectivity between the racks, therefore the proposed wireless communication technology to use in DCNs must be able to meet this large link connectivity in DCNs. However, a critical impediment to the design of wireless DCN is the difficulty establishing obstruction-free wireless links to connect multiple adjacent network components. This is because LOS links cannot be easily maintained as other components get in between the source and destination need to be connected leading to risk of link blocking.
Containerised DCNs: Many existing and under development DCs utilise large open DCN floor design. However, containerised DCNs can present a cheaper and an efficient alternative design. A few papers discuss the deployment of 60 GHz RF and FSO technologies in the containerised DCN (also known as Modular data center) scenario. As a container becomes the building block of a DCN, intra and inter-container communication links must be designed. At the scale of the container, the cabling complexity problems may not be considerable, also by replacing the wired with wireless technologies, there will be few more spaces to locate more servers. The other technical issues are Confined space and metal walls that make the container a challenging environment for 60 GHz links as signals may reflect off the walls leading to multi-path fading.
Proposed designs
Cayley DCN
Architecture
In the concept of wireless data centers, efficient use of open spaces is significant in order to optimize resource multiplexing. Since the maximum number of live connections proportional to the volume of data center per single antenna beam. Cayley DCN proposes to use cylindrical racks that are contains levels called stories and each row contains pie-shaped containers. (Fig. 1). These containers store servers in it and servers faces both inner rack space and inter-rack space. Each server has two transceivers positioned at opposite ends of it. One for intra-rack communication and another one for inter-rack communication. Network Interface Cards (NIC) that are used in traditional data centers are replaced by a custom-built Y-switch with transceivers to connect the server's system bus. In this way, classic network switching fabric that exists in traditional databases are eliminated, which means, there is no need classic networking switches in the novel topology since every server is able to route data. This communication is maintained by geographical routing protocol which tries to find the shortest path between source and destination using coordinates of racks, the ordinal number of stories and the index number of the server in the stories. A server uses three routing tables to determine next hop which are inter-rack routing table, inter-story routing table, intra-story routing table.
Cost and Performance
The technical studies have been done to evaluate network performance, failure resilience and cost. During the tests, since the wireless transceivers and Y-switches are not yet available in the market, estimations have done based on the expected price range of 60 GHz transceivers and simulations are developed for performance evaluations of Cayley data center and Conventional data centers (CDC) with different designs.
Based on conducted experiences with Cayley data center and CDC that are configured with different oversubscription rates, Cayley data centers have better performance at maximum aggregate bandwidth compared to CDC. Cayley data centers are taking advantage of less switching design and doubles CDC's bandwidth during packet delivery outside of a rack.
Cayley data center has a drawback in packet delivery latency and scalability because it uses multi-hop routing and uses intermediate nodes to convey packets to other nodes. Therefore, as the traffic load increases, the maximum latency quickly increases as well. Hence, Cayley data centers are not able to reach the same scalability level of CDC's, since CDC has stable wired links and network hops with smaller numbers
Cayley data centers are more resilient to failures compared to conventional data centers since Cayley topology has dense connectivity and have minimized the number of switches that are a critical point for failures for data centers. Experience shows that server nodes will be fully connected until 20% of nodes, 59% stories, and 14% racks fail. However, more than 99% of connections are preserved to %55 nodes and stories, 45% of racks are failed
Cost analysis of Cayley data centers has been done based on assumptions since 60 GHz transceivers are not commercially in the market yet. However, it is expected that transceivers' price will not be expensive if the silicon chips are used. In the case, the cost of a 60-GHz transceiver less than $90, Cayley data centers will be much cheaper. A 60 GHz transceiver consumes maximum 0.3 watts, while the top of rack switches (TOR), aggregation switches (AS), and core switches (CS) consume in the range of 170-620 watts. Therefore, total power switch packet consumption of CDC is at least 12 times more than Cayley data centers. Moreover, due to the absence of cabling, maintenance costs will be significantly lower
References
Computer networking
Appling may refer to:
Places
Appling, Georgia
Appling County, Georgia
People
Daniel Appling (1787–1817), officer in the United States Army
Dean R. Appling, American biochemist
Howell Appling Jr. (1919–2002), American businessman and Republican politician
Keith Appling (born 1992), American basketball player
Luke Appling (1907–1991), American baseball player
Peter C. Appling (1822–1908), member of the California State Assembly (1869–1871)
Other
USS Appling (APA-58), a ship
Houmont Park is an Unincorporated community in east central Harris County, Texas, United States. It is located along Beaumont Highway (U.S. Highway 90) and the Southern Pacific Railroad, southwest of the Sheldon Reservoir.
The subdivision developed during the 1950s and the 1960s, as Greater Houston expanded in size.
Education
Sheldon Independent School District operates schools serving the community.
An elementary school, C.E. King Middle School, C.E. King High School, and the district's Crenshaw Memorial Stadium are within of the Houmont Park townsite.
Residents are zoned to Cravens Early Childhood Academy, Royalwood Elementary School, King Middle School, and King High School.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Cha-cha-chá is a 1998 Spanish madcap comedy film directed by Antonio del Real. It stars Eduardo Noriega, Ana Álvarez, María Adánez and Jorge Sanz.
Plot
María is in a relationship with Pablo, whom longtime María's friend Lucía gets infatuated with after sleeping one night with him. Lucía enlists the services of Antonio, a lower-class wannabe male model, to seduce María "away" from Pablo.
Cast
Production
The screenplay was penned by Fernando León and Carlos Asorey alongside Antonio del Real. The film was produced by Sogetel in collaboration with Tele 5, and it also had participation of Canal+. Juan Amorós was responsible for the cinematography whereas Pablo Miyar was responsible for the music and Miguel Angel Santamaría for film editing. César Benítez took over production duties.
Release
The film received a pre-screening in Bilbao. Distributed by Sogepaq, it was theatrically released on 10 July 1998. The film proved to be one of the biggest hits in the Spanish box office in 1998. As of November 1998, it had grossed around 285 million ₧, good for a third position in the ranking of Spanish films up to that point.
Reception
Jonathan Holland of Variety deemed the "swiftly paced but largely routine" Antonio del Real's film to be a "by-the-book relationships movie about twentysomething love".
See also
List of Spanish films of 1998
References
Bibliography
1998 comedy films
Spanish comedy films
1990s Spanish-language films
1990s Spanish films
Jim Leisy, Jr., was an artist, photographer, book editor and publisher.
He was born in Dallas, Texas in 1950. He attended both Bethel College and Stanford University, and earned a BA (history major/art minor) from Bethel College. He was editor of the Bethel Collegian.
In 1972 he joined the University of Chicago Press as a photographer. He also worked as a freelance photographer and art editor for the Chicago Review. After two years he left University of Chicago Press to become a field representative and field editor for Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, based in Philadelphia. In 1977, he was hired to acquire and edit college textbooks in the fields of chemistry and computer science for Brooks/Cole Publishing Company (Monterey CA). In 1978, the company was acquired by Thomson International. He rose through the executive ranks at Thomson and became a vice-president of a company that specialized in publishing for information technology.
In 1985, he left The Thomson Corporation to found Franklin, Beedle & Associates Incorporated to publish college-level textbooks in the fields of computer science and information technology.
Through Franklin, Beedle & Associates he has edited and published numerous textbooks that have become de facto standards, which include: Carolyn Gillay's (Saddleback College) over 20 books on Microsoft DOS and Windows; Ernest Ackermann and Karen Hartman's(University of Mary Washington/USA State Department) textbooks on the use of the Internet; John Zelle's (Wartburg College) Python-based computer science 1 textbook; Paul Brians' (Washington State University) Common Errors in English Usage; and Mark Liberman (University of Pennsylvania) and Geoffrey Pullum's (UC Santa Cruz) Far from the Madding Gerund. Publications from his companies have earned numerous achievement awards and have been featured on Air America Radio, NPR, The Progressive, The New York Times, CNN, MSNBC, and nearly all major US newspapers.
He was active in fields of publishing and photography through his companies: Franklin, Beedle & Associates, Inc., William, James & Company and Digitopia. In addition he was a member of the board of directors for the Portland Art Museum Photography Council. He was also staff photographer for Chamber Music Northwest (Executive Director is Linda Magee and Artistic Director is David Shifrin) which has strong ties with the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center. His photographs have been published by The Oregonian, NPR, Poetry Review, Diffusion annual, and The Oregon Cultural Trust, and are in private collections and museums.
External links
Franklin, Beedle & Associates website
William, James & Company website
Jim's photography website
Chamber Music Northwest website
Leisy
Living people
American photographers
American publishers (people)
Girija: A Lifetime in Music is a 2018 Hindi language documentary directed by Debapriya Adhikary, Samanwaya Sarkar and Sankalp Meshram and produced by Madhu Chandra and Sudha Datta. The film is the recipient of National Film Award for Best Arts/Cultural Film, awarded by the Government Of India. In 2018, it also received the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival award for Best Documentary Feature.
Synopsis
The documentary showcases the life and contributions of Girija Devi to North Indian classical music. She was often referred to as 'Queen of Thumri.' She was the recipient of Padma Shri, Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan. Debapriya Adhikary and Samanwaya Sarkar, who were her disciples, have directed the film.
Event
In 2018 numerous classical musicians gathered at an auditorium to celebrate the 89th birthday of Girija Devi. The event was organised by the family members of her and began with the screening of a 12-minute video trailer of the documentary.
Awards and nominations
References
Indian documentaries
Hindi-language films
Lough Gill () is a freshwater lough (lake) mainly situated in County Sligo, but partly in County Leitrim, in Ireland. Lough Gill provides the setting for William Butler Yeats' poem "The Lake Isle of Innisfree".
Location and environment
Lough Gill is about 8 km or 5 miles long and 2 km or 1 mile wide. The Lough Gill system consists of the river Bonet that flows into the eastern end of the lake and the River Garavogue which drains the lake to the west near Sligo Town.
The picturesque lake is surrounded by woodlands, such as Slish Wood, Dooney Rock, and Hazelwood all of which contain popular nature trails and viewing points along the lake. The wooded hills of Slieve Killery and Slieve Daean dominate the south shore.
It is a popular location for birdwatchers.
Flora and fauna
Lough Gill has a unique microclimate and is noted for its high number of rare or scarce animal and plant species. It is part of the Lough Gill SAC (Special Area of Conservation) for habitats listed on Annex I and II of the E.U. Habitats Directive, including two with priority status: alluvial forest, orchid-rich calcareous grassland.
The vegetation of the area was dominated by mixed woodland from 4,600 BC to at least 1400 AD. Scots pine was dominant until 3,400 BC. In a scientific study, Arbutus unedo pollen was found at Slish Lake dating from as early as 100 AD, and so it is considered native to this area.
The woods surrounding the lake are dominated by oak (Quercus spp.), rowan (Sorbus aucuparia) and willows (Salix spp.). The shores of the lake are home to the world's northernmost specimens of the rare Mediterranean strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo). It is a small evergreen tree of the family Ericaceae, which in Ireland can grow to be a forest tree, reaching heights of up to 15 metres. Its Irish name is caithne.
The lake shore and surroundings support several rare plant species, including yellow bird's-nest (Monotropa hypopitys), lady's mantle (Alchemilla glaucescens), ivy broomrape (Orobanche hederae), black bryony (Tamus communis), intermediate wintergreen (Pyrola media) and bird's-nest orchid (Neottia nidus-avis).
It is also home to the following rare or protected species: sea lamprey, river lamprey, brook lamprey, white-clawed crayfish, Atlantic salmon and otter. The Lough Gill water system gets a very early run of spring salmon.
A small colony of common terns breed on the lake's islands (20 pairs in 1993). Kingfishers are also found on the lake.
Islands
The lake contains about 20 small islands, including the Isle of Innisfree, made famous by William Butler Yeats's poem "The Lake Isle of Innisfree". Other islands include Church Island, and Beezie's Island, which was inhabited until 1951.
History
In 1836 Thomas O'Connor of the Ordnance Survey noted a saying amongst the people that went "Connacht is the Grianán of Ireland, Cairbre is the Grianán of Connacht, Calry is the Grianán of Cairbre and the Hill is the Grianán of Calgaich". Gríanán is a word meaning literally "sunny place" and implies a place of great natural beauty. The hill of Grianán is at the eastern shore of Lough Gill.
In the early historic era (5th-8th centuries), the area was home to a branch of the Cálraighe. Parke's Castle, a plantation fortified house on the northern shore, was built in the early 17th century by Captain Robert Parke on the site of a former tower house of the Uí Ruairc clann. The Uí Ruairc clan ruled the area from about the 7th century up to the time of Oliver Cromwell.
Annal entries
In 1196 - Congalach, the son of Farrell O'Rourke, was slain by the men of Lúighne, on Slieve-da-én (Mountain of the Two Birds).
1346 - A war broke out between O'Rourke, i.e. Ualgarg, and Rory, the son of Cathal O'Conor; and an engagement took place between them in Calry-Lough-Gill, in which O'Rourke was routed, and all his gallowglasses slain, i.e. Mac Buirrce, and Mac Neill Cam with their people. O'Rourke was afterwards pursued by Rory O'Conor and the Clann-Donough, and was killed by Mulrony Mac Donough. This was a lamentable deed.
Recent history
The lake became part of the Hazelwood estate in the 17th century.
Mythology
The Metrical Dinnsenchus tells the following story of how the lake came to be and how it got its name.
"Bright Gile, Romra's daughter, to whom every harbour was known, the broad lake bears her name to denote its outbreak of yore.
The maiden went, on an errand of pride that has hushed the noble hosts, to bathe in the spray by the clear sand-strewn spring.
While the modest maiden was washing in the unruffled water of the pool, she sees on the plain tall Omra as it were an oak, lusty and rude.
Seeing her lover draw near, the noble maid was stricken with shame: she plunged her head under the spring yonder: the nimble maid was drowned.
Her nurse came and bent over her body and sat her down yonder in the spring: as she keened for Gile vehemently, she fell in a frenzy for the girl.
As flowed the tears in sore grief for the maiden, the mighty spring rose over her, till it was a vast and stormy lake.
Loch Gile is named from that encounter after Gile, daughter of Romra: there Omra got his death from stout and lusty Romra.
Romra died outright of his sorrow on the fair hill-side: from him is lordly Carn Romra called, and Carn Omra from Omra, the shame-faced
Loch Gile here is named from Gile, Romra's daughter."
Carn Romra and Carn Omra are the names of the two large neolithic cairns on Cairns hill overlooking the lake.
Sliabh Dhá Éan is also associated with myth.
Amenities and events
The lake is home to the Lough Gill 10 km Swim for the North West Hospice in Sligo. This annual fundraiser began in 2011 raising over €34,000 to date for the hospice also winning the coveted Irish Long Distance Swimming Association swim of the year in both 2011 and 2012. It is run by a committee made up of local swimmers and friends of the family of Neill McGarry, for whom the event trophy is dedicated. 57 swimmers completed the 2012 swim.
The first man to successfully swim the English Channel, Captain Matthew Webb, used the lake as part of his training for the feat. He was a friend of W.B. Yeats's grandfather, who lived in the area.
Gallery
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
Naisse mac Cithruadh
References
External links
Sligo Walks (Slish Wood)
McDonagh, Marese. Irish Times, "Poetry in motion on Yeats Day boat trip", 14 June 2012
Gill
Gill
