Coasts is the eponymous debut studio album by English band Coasts. It was released in January 2016 under Capitol Records. The album charted at No. 38 on the UK Official Charts.
Track listing
Reception
AllMusic noted that the album has "a competent collection of catchy arena-ready tunes that could eventually carry them there".
References
2016 debut albums
Capitol Records albums
Carroll Hall is one of the 33 Residence Halls on the campus of the University of Notre Dame and one of the 16 male dorms. Carroll is located on the shores of St. Mary's Lake, and is the smallest of the residence halls, housing around 100 undergraduates.
Built in 1906, it initially served as novitiate for the Brothers of the Congregation of Holy Cross and was known as "Dujarie Institute", before being sold to the University of Notre Dame and converted into a residence hall in 1966. Its mascot is the Vermin, and its colors are crimson and gold. The coat of arms is based on the Carroll family, adapted to the dorm colors. The hall is named after Charles Carroll, Founding Father and the only Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence. Its current rector is Eric T. Styles.
It is listed by Indiana Register of Historic Sites and Structures as 'outstanding' for its historic or architectural significance, the highest rating possible.
History
Carroll Hall was constructed in 1906 by Brother Charles Borromeo Harding and christened "Dujarie Institute" after Jacques-François Dujarié. The building was designed by Brother Charles Harding. The foundations were laid December 8, 1906 by the Congregation of Holy Cross Superior Giblert Francois and it was dedicated in an elaborate ceremony in August 1907 by Herman Joseph Alerding, bishop of Fort Wayne. Presiding the dedication, which included a mass and procession at the Sacred Heart Church, were Brothers Basil, CSC, and Boniface, CSC, who had entered the community sixty years earlier. Dujarié had founded in 1820 the Brothers of St. Joseph, who eventually on August 31, 1835 came under the control of Basil Moreau, CSC, and they developed into the Brothers of the Congregation of Holy Cross.
From then, it was used as a seminary for the Brothers of Holy Cross, the Dujare institute or scholasticate, where the novitiates study and lived before professing their final vows. It hosted between 100 and 125 novitiates and featured an imposing exterior and inside it has classrooms, study halls, a dormitory, music hall, chapel, recreation rooms, dining hall, a kitchen and an interior heating plant. In 1920, Blessed Brother André Bessette lodged in the building, in room 306, a small plain chamber with white walls and a single window, which today has been incorporated in the suite occupied by the assistant rector.
In 1966, the Brothers sold the property to the University of Notre Dame, and in the fall of 1966 around 100 students moved in, all juniors and seniors. Rev. Thomas McDonagh CSC was its first rector. In 1966, the building's name was changed to Carroll Hall, in honor of Charles Carroll. He is sometimes referred to as one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America, although he was not involved in framing the United States Constitution. He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress and Confederation Congress and later than first United States Senator for Maryland. He was the sole Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence. Carroll was the last surviving signer of the Declaration of Independence, and the longest lived. He was also the cousin of the first Catholic Bishop in the United States, Archbishop John Carroll, of which the University holds several memorabilia in the museum of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. The Carroll family has had a huge impact in the history of Catholicism in the United States and Notre Dame. According to a 1966 article in the South Bend Tribune, the hall was named for Archbishop John Carroll. The name Carroll Hall had originally been given to a dormitory for approximately 350 boys 13–17 years old that was located in the west wing of the third floor of the Main Administration building, but it was suppressed in 1946 when the rooms were converted into office space and the name retired.
Since 1966, Carroll has housed undergraduate male students, except briefly from 1970 until 1977, when it hosted graduate students. Ever since Holy Cross Hall was demolished in 1990, Carroll has been the only undergraduate dormitory on a lake. In 1979, Carroll Hall student voted to abolish parietals, but were met by opposition from the university administration and Rev. Theodore Hesburgh.
The current rector is Eric T. Styles, from Chicago, who received a BFA in Electronic Media from the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music and an MA in Applied Philosophy from Loyola University Chicago. He previously worked at The Theatre School at DePaul University and in Campus Ministry at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota in Winona.
Description
Carroll Hall lays on the southwest shores of St. Mary's Lake, from which it enjoys views of the Main Administration Building and the Basilica of the Sacred Heart, in what has been described as one of the prettiest spots on campus. In front of the building is Carroll Lawn, also known as Far Quad, and hosts a sand volleyball court, and in between the hall and the lake are a basketball court. Carroll Hall has some of the largest rooms on campus, and has the smallest population. It is located in an isolated position in respect to campus, and is the furthest dorm from the Notre Dame Stadium.
The hall is a five-story building in yellow Notre Dame brick, with classical decorations and a simple unadorned facade. It is built in Italianate style with Renaissance Revival and Romanesque Revival details. Its architect was Br. Charles Borromeo Harding, who also worked on Crowley, St. Edward's, and Corby Halls, and also on the Basilica. The first floor host mainly social spaces, with a large living room with portraits of past presidents, a kitchen, study rooms, the mailroom, and the chapel. The chapel is modern and simple, and is dedicated to St. André Bessette. It hosts several modern stained windows and a wooden statue of the Pietà. André Bessette stayed in Carroll Hall twice, in 1920 and 1927. The basement hosts a laundry room, a fitness room, and storage and utility spaces. The upper floors host the dorm rooms, which are mostly singles, doubles, triples and quads. It is listed by Indiana Register of Historic Sites and Structures as 'outstanding' for its historic or architectural significance, the highest rating possible.
Traditions
Nicknamed the Vermin, Carroll Hall is known for its distance from the rest of campus, and is nicknamed 'Siberia' in the winter. It has the smallest populations of students and the largest rooms on campus. The distant location from the rest of the campus and the small size of the dorm, makes the community especially tight knit and has given rise to many traditions and unique features. The Vermin nickname originated from the rodent population that infested the building between the departure of the brothers in 1966 and the arrival of undergrads the following year.
Each year, before the first home football game, the approximately 35 First Years in Carroll dye their hair blond, in a tradition dubbed Vermin Go Gold, in support of the football team. On football Saturdays, the Hall's facade is draped with a huge banner displaying the text "GO IRISH". It is made out of 72 bed sheets, 52,000 staples, and 5 gallons of green paint, and it is raised up on Friday afternoons. The tradition started in 2000, ahead of the football match against Nebraska.
Started in 1998 and held on the first Friday of December, Carroll Christmas is one of Notre Dame's best known signature events and is Carroll's signature event. Events feature the lighting a 40-foot Christmas tree, performances from on-campus groups like the Glee Club and Humor Artists, Christmas carols from all the Vermin, horse-drawn carriages on Carroll Drive, dance parties, a giant "C" hanging on the facade, and paper luminaries. Carroll residents also dress up as Santa Claus, Mrs. Claus, and the elves to entertain the guests, which comprise around 1000 students every year. In recent years, Carroll Christmas has featured an appearance by ESPN College Gameday Analyst Digger Phelps, an extremely competitive cookie contest, and a horse-drawn carriage from LaFortune student center all the way to Carroll. Previously, into the mid-1990s, Carroll Hall held an annual haunted house on the Friday closest to Halloween.
Since 2015 (as part of AnToastal), Carroll has launched the Lakeside Music Festival, which takes place in the spring and it includes music by many different campus groups, food, sports, and other activities, and it raises money for the Boys & Girls Club of St. Joseph's County. Other events include Third Floor Abs, a fitness program that has spread throughout campus, and Friday cookouts, which take place on the FarQuad in front of the lake. Carroll Hall's charity efforts go towards helping Boys & Girls Club of St. Joseph's County, and Carroll residents volunteer to help kids with homework and provide school supplies.
Notable residents
Carlyle Holiday
Jeff Burris
Bertrand Berry
James A. Burns
Miles Boykin
Jimmy Brogan
Greg Andres
Sean Conley
Arnaz Battle
Anthony Weaver
Peter Richardson (American director)
References
External links
Official site
Campus tour
Residential life
Sources
Hall Profile
University of Notre Dame residence halls
1906 establishments in Indiana
University and college buildings completed in 1906
Höchstädt im Fichtelgebirge is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Wunsiedel (district)
Gol Pasha (, also Romanized as Gol Pāshā; also known as Kal Pāshā Mey-e Soflá and Kal Pāshā-ye Soflá) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Maninagar is one of the 182 Legislative Assembly constituencies of Gujarat state in India. It is part of Ahmedabad district and is one of the 7 assembly constituencies which make up Ahmedabad West Lok Sabha seat.
Previously, Narendra Modi who was also the Chief Minister of Gujarat had represented this constituency as a Member of the Legislative Assembly till 21 May 2014, when he resigned to assume the position of Prime Minister of India. In the 2012 Gujarat legislative assembly elections, Modi won from this constituency with a majority of 86,373 votes over Sanjiv Bhatt's wife, Shweta, who was contesting for the Indian National Congress.
List of segments
This assembly segment comprises the following wards of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.
Ward No. 36 -
Ward No. 36 -
Ward No. 43 -
Members of Legislative Assembly
Election candidate
2022
Election results
2017
2014 Bypoll
2012
2007
2002
1998
See also
List of constituencies of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly
Ahmedabad district
References
External links
Assembly constituencies of Gujarat
Ahmedabad district
The 2013–14 Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball team represented Niagara University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Purple Eagles, led by first year head coach Chris Casey, played their home games at the Gallagher Center and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 7–26, 3–17 in MAAC play to finish in last place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the MAAC Tournament where they lost to Quinnipiac.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#461D7C; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#461D7C; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#461D7C; color:#FFFFFF;"| 2014 MAAC Tournament
References
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball seasons
Niagara
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
The 2017 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Final, the deciding game of the 2017 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship, was a hurling match which was played on 2 July 2017 at Croke Park, Dublin. It was contested by Wexford and Galway, the first ever Leinster final between the two counties.
Galway captained by David Burke won the game on a 0–29 to 1–17 scoreline to secure their second Leinster title, they had a 0–14 to 0–11 lead at half-time.
Due to a clash of colours, Galway wore an all white kit with Wexford wearing yellow jerseys and purple shorts.
Build-Up
Wexford were playing in their first Leinster final since 2008 and were looking for their first win since 2004. Galway were playing in their sixth final with one win in 2012.
The match was shown live on RTÉ Two as part of The Sunday Game Live with commentary from Marty Morrissey and Michael Duignan. The attendance of 60,032 was a record attendance for a Leinster hurling final.
Match details
References
Leinster
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Finals
Wexford GAA matches
Galway GAA matches
Leinster Senior Hurling
HarbourFront MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station in Singapore. The termini of the North East line (NEL) and Circle line (CCL), the station serves the HarbourFront area and Sentosa. Surrounding retail and commercial developments include VivoCity and HarbourFront Centre, and the station is near HarbourFront Bus Interchange and the Singapore Cruise Centre.
The NEL station was first announced as World Trade Centre MRT station in March 1996 as one of the line's 16 stations. Its construction involved several road diversions and the opening of the drainage culverts. The NEL station was completed on 20 June 2003. The CCL platforms opened on 8 October 2011 along with Stages 4 and 5 of the line.
Reflecting the station's location by the Singapore Strait, the station concourse has an elliptical motif resembling a ship hull. The station features three artworks as part of the Art-in-Transit programme. The NEL platforms and concourse display a series of line-drawings by Ian Woo, while the CCL platforms feature Commuting Waves by Jason Ong and a set of art seats entitled Matrix.
History
North East line
In preliminary studies for the North East line (NEL) in 1986, it was planned for the line to terminate at Outram Park station, rather than HarbourFront. In a later study in 1995, the planned NEL was extended to serve World Trade Centre. After plans for the new line were approved by the government in January 1996, the station, then tentatively named World Trade Centre, was among the 16 NEL stations announced by communications minister Mah Bow Tan in March 1996.
The contract for constructing the station and tunnels was awarded to Hyundai Engineering & Construction at S$132.8 million (US$ million in ). The scope of the contract included the widening of a section of Telok Blangah Road. The new station was expected to boost retail and residential developments in the Telok Blangah area, which was known for the Keppel Harbour and associated industries. The Port of Singapore Authority (PSA) had cooperated with the Land Transport Authority (LTA) officials on redevelopment plans for the area. To minimise impact on businesses in the area, the contractor used silent pilers when driving steel piles into the ground. These pilers created less noise and vibrations compared to conventional pilers.
The station was constructed near the seashore. In order to prevent water seepage into the site, the contractors injected cement into the soil surrounding the station site via jet grouting. Sheet piles were installed around the site, and tests were conducted to determine the amount of saltwater and groundwater at the site. The contractor initially considered rerouting the drainage system that channelled water to the sea but that was financially unfeasible. Instead, the culverts that crossed the site were cut open and diverted into temporary steel culverts or pipes that did not obstruct the works. Due to the limited space, two of the World Trade Centre's exhibition halls were demolished to facilitate construction works.
Concurrently, the Telok Blangah Road was being upgraded with a new vehicular overpass being constructed. Hence, the LTA's road and rail project teams had to coordinate to maximise the efficiency of both projects. The rail project team had constructed 10 viaduct foundations for the road section that crosses the station site. At the same time, the contractor had to maintain the traffic flow in the area – not just for visitors to the World Trade Centre, but to prevent delays and disruptions to port operations nearby. The traffic was diverted to temporary steel decking that ran over the construction site. The roads were diverted at least 30 times for the station's construction.
The contractors (Shimira Corporation, Koh Brothers, Dillingham Construction International) for the of tunnelling works between this station and the adjacent Outram Park station had to monitor for any ground movement for the shophouses and ensure operations for the Malaysian rail service was not affected. A dual-mode tunnel boring machine was used to deal with the varying soil conditions along the tunnel route.
HarbourFront station opened on 20 June 2003 with the rest of the NEL stations. In October 2012, the LTA announced that the NEL overrun tunnel would be extended by . Completed at the end of 2014 at a cost of S$8.2 million (US$ million), the extension is to facilitate quicker turnarounds for southbound trains.
As part of a joint emergency preparedness exercise by the LTA and train operators SBS Transit and SMRT, security screenings were held at the station on 2 August 2019. The screening machines deployed for the exercise include mass screening devices and X-Ray machines to check for possible threat items like firearms. Such exercises were conducted to test established response protocols and maintain vigilance for quicker and more effective responses during emergencies and heightened security situations.
Circle line
In 2001, Yeo Cheow Tong, the communications minister, announced that the Circle line (CCL) will serve the HarbourFront area. On 12 December 2003, the LTA confirmed that HarbourFront station will interchange with the CCL and the new platforms would be constructed as part of CCL Stage 5 (CCL5). This segment consisted of five stations from West Coast station to this station.
The contract for the fitting out works for the CCL station and connecting tunnels was awarded to SembCorp Engineers & Constructors Pte Ltd (SembCorp E&C) at S$335.38 million (US$ million) in October 2004. The contract include civil, architectural and building works for the West Coast, Pasir Panjang, Alexandra and Telok Blangah stations, alongside of twin bored tunnels and of cut and cover tunnels.
To facilitate construction works for the CCL platforms, Platform A of the NEL station was closed on 30 October 2005. Trains on the NEL from Punggol station terminated at Outram Park station, while a special shuttle train was launched for services between Outram Park and HarbourFront. In December 2009, structure works for the CCL station were completed, with backfilling in progress. As announced by transport minister Lui Tuck Yew during his visit to the CCL4 and 5 stations on 1 August 2011, the CCL platforms began revenue service on 8 October that year.
On 17 January 2013, transport minister Lui Tuck Yew announced that the CCL would be extended from HarbourFront station to Marina Bay station as part of CCL Stage 6. Tunnelling works between this station and Keppel station began on 25 July 2019, and were completed in August 2020.
Station details
HarbourFront station is the terminus of the NEL and CCL; its official station code is NE1/CC29. On the NEL, the adjacent station is Outram Park station. The next stop on the CCL in the clockwise direction is Telok Blangah station. With the completion of CCL6, the subsequent station in the counterclockwise direction will be Keppel. Designed by Architects61, the station concourse has an elliptical motif resembling a ship hull, alongside floor patterns and the artwork that reflects the station's location by the Singapore Strait.
The station is underneath Telok Blangah Road and has five entrances. HarbourFront station serves various commercial and retail developments including HarbourFront Centre and VivoCity. It is the closest MRT station to the tourist island of Sentosa. The station is also near HarbourFront Bus Interchange, Seah Im Food Centre, Singapore Cruise Centre and Mount Faber Park, along with the cultural sites of Temenggong Mosque and St James Power Station.
The NEL station is designated as a Civil Defence (CD) shelter. It is designed to accommodate at least 7,500 people and can withstand airstrikes and chemical attacks. Equipment essential for the operations in the CD shelter is mounted on shock absorbers to prevent damage during a bombing. When electrical supply to the shelter is disrupted, there are backup generators to keep operations going. The shelter has dedicated built-in decontamination chambers and dry toilets with collection bins that will send human waste out of the shelter.
The NEL and CCL platforms are wheelchair-accessible. A tactile system, consisting of tiles with rounded or elongated raised studs, guides visually impaired commuters through the station, with dedicated tactile routes that connect the station entrances to the platforms or between either line's platforms.
Public artworks
The station displays three artworks as part of the MRT network's Art-in-Transit programme – a showcase of public artworks on the MRT network.
Enigmatic Appearances
Enigmatic Appearances by Ian Woo is a series of line-drawings depicting various sea creatures, ships and clouds in minimalist style. Painted on 60 blue vitreous enamel wall panels, the work was intended to reflect the station's maritime theme and its location near the port. With its "dream-like" quality, the figures are in fragments dispersed throughout the station, allowing commuters in the station to slowly perceive the artwork over time. A set of footprints on the walls at the end of the NEL platforms references the station's role as the terminus of the NEL.
Inspirations for the artwork were derived from what Woo captured in his visit to the HarbourFront area. In addition to taking photos of the area, he wrote about his experiences during his trip. Creating the work required him to co-operate with the station's architects, since the LTA intended to integrate art with the station's design. Although Woo was used to working independently, he learnt to articulate his thoughts and intentions with the architectural team, with the help of NEL art coordinator Constance Sheares. The collaboration allowed Woo and the architectural team to have deeper insights into each other's works. While retaining his creative freedom over the work, Woo ensured that the work was compatible with the technical aspects of the station design.
After the architects and the Art Review Panel approved his line drawings, the figures were painted and enlarged. This process took place across two weeks, with some revisions made due to the artist's dissatisfaction with some of the enlarged figures. The black-and-white figures were then coloured in blue at a vitreous enamel factory in England. Travelling to the factory to oversee the production process, Woo also gave further instructions and ensured the colours of the final product come out right.
Commuting Waves
Displayed on the wall of the CCL platforms near the escalators, Commuting Waves by Jason Ong is a pair of sculptures depicting 3D waveforms. The waveforms were derived from commuter traffic at the station, with the positions of the glass 'fins' representing the passenger volume and train frequencies. The work is intended to reflect the rhythm and flow of human activities, which linked the work to the station's location, human values and the MRT system.
The work was created through indeterminacy, inspired by experimental music of John Cage. The inspiration came when Ong was researching soundwaves (waveforms being a distinctive element of the waterfront area), and intended to create the waveforms based on the station's environment. Two assistants recorded the train frequency and passenger traffic on a randomly selected weekday and weekend. The artist noted that the data was only derived from commuters on the NEL, since the CCL was not yet operational when the work was created. Nevertheless, he concluded that the graph shapes would remain similar if he were to include passenger numbers from the CCL.
The graphs had to be transformed into sculptures that are "aesthetically pleasing". The protrusion and spacing of each "fin" were dependent on the passenger traffic and train frequency respectively. Using phase shift, a concept by minimalist composer Steve Reich, the data lines were spaced out from the original graphs. Each alternating frequency was split into different layers that spread across the walls. The eventual shapes of the waveforms were derived from the freehand outlines of the graphs. These outlines were also mirrored to produce the shapes.
The sculptures are in red, which not only reflects the human rhythm but also complements the CCL station's theme, contrasting with the NEL's blue theme. While initially planned to use metal shapes, upon seeing the portfolio of the production team, Ong changed to glass. Ong grouped the fins into sets of six and used serialism to give each fin a different red "tone". The glass used were opaque edged, but as Ong did not like how it appeared, it was changed to transparent edged. An idea to create an illusion of wave moment was discarded due to various unresolved technical difficulties of getting the appropriate tone and colours for the illusion.
Matrix
The CCL platforms feature a set of "art seats" entitled Matrix. Though the platform seats are intended to be works of art, they are designed to remain functional and practical. This work by Lui Honfay and Yasmine Chan, along with Rain, was selected through the International Art Seats Design Competition in 2006. Matrix consists of a series of benches engraved with the station name in a dot-matrix style on the seat surface. The dot-matrix system was adopted as it was flexible enough to be mass-produced for use in many stations. The intriguing combination of signage and seat "impressed" the judges who awarded it the top prize.
References
Bibliography
External links
SBS Transit's HarbourFront MRT station official website
Changi Airport to HarbourFront MRT station Route Map
Bukit Merah
Railway stations opened in 2003
Railway stations with vitreous enamel panels
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
2003 establishments in Singapore
The Kitchi Gammi Club is the oldest incorporated club in the U.S. state of Minnesota, founded in 1883. Its historic clubhouse in Duluth, Minnesota, was built from 1912 to 1913. In 1975 the clubhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its state-level significance in the theme of architecture. It was nominated for its fine Georgian/Gothic Revival design by Bertram Goodhue and its superlative craftsmanship.
See also
List of gentlemen's clubs in the United States
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis County, Minnesota
References
External links
Kitchi Gammi Club
1883 establishments in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Duluth, Minnesota
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1913
Gentlemen's clubs in the United States
Georgian Revival architecture in Minnesota
Gothic Revival architecture in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis County, Minnesota
Bandar Al-Shammari (born 6 December 1969) is a Kuwaiti handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Kuwaiti male handball players
Olympic handball players of Kuwait
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Tobias Jakobovits (; 23 November 1887 – 29 October 1944) was a Rabbi, historian and Czech librarian, historian of Czech Jewry, and an expert in ancient Hebrew manuscripts. He was the chief librarian of the Prague Jewish community in the inter-war period, and the professional manager of the Jewish Museum in Prague during the Nazi Occupation. He was deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp in the fall of 1944 and was murdered there along with his wife.
His nephew (the son of his oldest brother – Joel Julius Jakobovits), Lord Dr. Israel Immanuel Jakobovits (1921–1999) became the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth between 1967 and 1991.
Biography
Tobias Jakobovits was born on 23 November 1887 in Lakompak, in what was then western Hungary and today is known as Lackenbach in Austria. He was one of the children of the Rabbi Shlomo (Solomon) Jakobovits and his wife Amalia (née Schwartz). Tobias was privileged to receive both a religious and secular education simultaneously in accordance with the cultural state of central Europe at that time. He studied first in the Bratislava Yeshiva (then part of Austria-Hungary, today the capital of Slovakia) and completed his rabbinical studies at the Berlin Seminar.
In 1912 he settled in Prague and was employed as the assistant to the head librarian of the Jewish community. In 1917 he served as the chief rabbi of the Michle Quarter that was then known as Quarter 4 in the city. Concurrently, he continued his studies. He studied Semitic philology at the Charles University (German University) in Prague (named after Archduke Karl Ferdinand of Austria) and completed his doctoral thesis about the subject "The Messianic Concept in the Talmud" in 1920.
The year 1922 was a watershed year in the life of Tobias Jakobovits for a few reasons. He was granted Czechoslovakian citizenship, was promoted to the position of head librarian of the Jewish community in Prague and also got married. He married Bertha Petuchowski, the daughter of the Rabbi Petuchowski, who was the instructor of Tobias at the Berlin Seminar. In 1924 their firstborn son, Yoseph Jakobovits was born. Two years later their second son, Moshe (Manfred) Jakobovits, was born. At the same time, Tobias was active in the Council of Rabbis of Bohemia and also worked as an instructor for religious studies at German Jewish schools.
In the year 1928 he discontinued his position as the rabbi in Prague but for the next two years he fulfilled the position of rabbi, cantor and religious school teacher in the small town of Uhlířské Janovice, in proximity to Prague. During this period, he published many research articles about the genealogy and history of Czech Jews. Under his leadership, the library engaged in collecting rare holy books and manuscripts dealing with subjects pertaining to Judaism and the history of Czech Jews. He was the first to manually catalogue all the books and manuscripts that were found in the library. In this endeavor of extensive revising his comprehensive knowledge of the general history of the Jews and his mastery of additional foreign languages and literature is quite apparent.
During the second half of the 1930s the shadow of the approaching war began to affect the family of Tobias Jakobovits. In the middle of 1939, Jakobovits sent his firstborn son, Joseph, to the Land of Israel (Mandatory Palestine) and then a few months later also sent his younger son, Moshe. He fulfilled his position as the head librarian of the Jewish community until 1939. After the conquest and occupation of the city by the Nazis in March 1939 the library was closed, but Jakobovits continued to be employed by the Jewish community as the archiver and researcher. Despite the fact that he was offered a position as an historian in the United States, Jakobovits preferred to stay in Prague and contribute his knowledge in the occupied city.
In 1942 Jakobovits was added to the team of the Jewish Museum in Prague under the Nazi occupation as an expert in history and ancient manuscripts. He became the professional manager of the museum, and despite the fact that Joseph Polak created the concept of the museum, the official responsibility for the running of the museum was predicated on Jakobovits. The Nazis planned on turning the museum into "The Central Museum for the Exterminated Jewish Race" and to present it before the Aryan race. To execute this purpose, they concentrated in the museum a variety of many Jewish treasures that were plundered by them from all around Nazi-occupied Europe. Jakobovits and his colleagues engaged in sorting out hundreds of thousands of Jewish items – holy items, books, handwritten documents and manuscripts –- that arrived from all over Europe. Jakobovits was the curator of the first exhibition that took place under Nazi occupation in the Great Synagogue of Prague in October 1942. The exhibition was based upon the project which he himself instituted in 1927 and included rare Jewish and Hebrew books and manuscripts. It is important to mention that Hans Günther, the head of the "Central Office for Jewish Emigration" (German: Zentralstelle für judische Auswanderung), who was the supervisor of the activity of the museum, refused to include in the exhibition articles that were presented before the war that reflected the sedate life and cooperation between the Jews and the German nation.
In the years 1942 to 1944 Jakobovits participated in a discussion regarding the renovation of the Old New Synagogue (Czech: Staronová synagoga; German: Altneu-Synagoge), also called the Altneuschul, situated in Josefov, Prague, which was Europe's oldest active synagogue and transforming it to be part of the museum. He demanded that anything that was connected to the synagogue had to be removed. In 1943, he participated in the writing of a guidebook to the central Jewish museum and in this work he described the history of the synagogues in which was located the Jewish museum. Jakobovits maintained an optimistic attitude regarding the fate of the Jews who were deported by the Nazis to camps in the east and expressed his hope that the purpose of the museum would be to preserve the Jewish items during the war and until these items would be returned to their rightful owners and the Jewish communities throughout Europe.
Tobias and Bertha Jakobovits were deported to Auschwitz on 27 October 1944 and were murdered there on 29 October 1944. Their sons moved to The Land of Israel (Mandatory Palestine) in the 1930s and their progeny are living today in Israel.
His research and writings
As an historian, Jakobovits performed research about the Jews of Europe in general and, specifically, about the Jews in Czechoslovakia and Bohemia. His research was published in a number of books that were mostly published within the framework of "The Yearbook of the Historical Society of Czech Jews" and the magazine "The Monthly Scientific History of the Jews."
Books
Dějiny vzniku knihovny náboženské obce v Praze – 1927
Entstehungsgeschichte der Bibliothek der israelitischen Kultusgemeinde in Prag – 1927
Die Judenabzeichen in Böhmen – 1931
Die Erlebnisse des Oberrabbiners Simon Spira-Wedeles in Prag, 1640-1679 – 1932
Jüdisches gemeindeleben in kolin 1938
Articles
Die Jüdischen Zünfte in Prag – 1936
Das Prager und böhmische Landesrabbinat Ende des siebzehnten und Anfang des achtzehnten Jahrhunderts – 1933
Die Brandkatastrophe in Nachod und die Austreibung der Juden aus Böhm.-Skalitz, 1663–1705 – 1938
Der alte jüdische Friedhof in Prag: ein Führer durch den Friedhof und seine wichtigsten Denkwürdigkeiten aus dem XIV.-XIX published by the Jewish Museum 1960.
References
BUŠEK, Michal (ed.), "Naděje je na další stránce": 100 let knihovny Židovského muzea v Praze, Praha: Židovské muzeum v Praze, 2007, s. 24–29
VESELSKÁ, Magda, Archa paměti: Cesta pražského židovského muzea pohnutým 20. stoletím, Praha: Academia a Židovské muzeum v Praze, 2012, s. 53–121.
Notes
External links
The list of publications of Tobias Jakobovits, in the catalog of the National Library of Israel
Katrina Chepkov, Tobias Jakobovits i n the Encyclopedia of Youvah for the Jews of Eastern Europe
Tobias Jakobovits, in the on-line Jewish library
1887 births
1944 deaths
Rabbis from Prague
Jewish ethicists
Czechoslovak rabbis
Jewish scholars
Czech librarians
Czech people who died in Auschwitz concentration camp
Anne Cornwallis or Anne, countess of Argyll (1590 – 12 January 1635) was an English Roman Catholic benefactor and one time supposed author.
Life
Cornwallis was probably born in Suffolk where her parents Lady Lucy and Sir William Cornwallis lived at Brome. She was the cousin of the essayist William Cornwallis.
Her name appears on an extant anthology of poems that includes poetry by Edward de Vere and William Shakespeare. Opinion once thought that she had created the anthology but it is now thought to be the work of another and her role was minor.
She married Archibald Campbell, the 7th Earl of Argyll, in 1610. She was his second wife and he already had one son (and heir) and six daughters. In January 1610 Argyll argued with the Earl of Pembroke over the precedency of her seating at a dinner hosted by Lady Hatton.
They left Britain allegedly to "take the waters" at Spa but in 1618 Archibald Campbell converted from Presbyterianism to Anne's religion of Roman Catholicism. Archibald had surrendered his estates to his son, Archibald Campbell. As a consequence her husband was declared a traitor in Edinburgh on 16 February 1619 and banned from returning to his country. Her converted husband was very supportive of his new religion even after he could have returned without penalty in 1621. He was interested in military solutions in Ireland in 1622, but he was unable to raise an army.
They had three sons and five daughters. All but one of the daughters (Mary) became a nun.
She and her husband returned to Britain and lived at Drury Lane in London having abandoned everything apart from his title to his heir.
The English author William Habington addressed a poem to her in his collection titled Castara.
References
1590 births
1635 deaths
Argyll
"Red Hands" is a song by Canadian indie rock group Walk off the Earth. It was released on November 2, 2012 as the second single from their third studio album, R.E.V.O. (2013). The song was written by group members Ryan Marshall, Gianni "Luminati" Nicassio, and Sarah Blackwood, with additional writing from its co-producer Tawgs Salter.
Following its release, the song became a commercial success in North America. It reached number 9 on the Canadian Hot 100, surpassing the chart peak of its predecessor, and also topped the Billboard Adult Alternative Songs chart in the US.
Background and writing
According to band member Gianni Luminati: "'Red Hands' is pretty open to interpretation and will mean different things to different people. When we originally wrote the song, we were thinking about taking responsibility for your actions and standing up on your own when things go wrong ... rather than blaming other people around you. Sometimes you just have to accept the circumstances that are thrown your way without pointing the finger."
Music video
The music video for "Red Hands", directed by Ellis Bahl, is shot as a one take sequence of the song in a different order with parts filmed at a higher speed and others at a lower speed so the final result would present the song in its normal order with reshuffled images of the single take. To make the sequence possible, the band members had to learn the song in the rearranged order (with parts sung backwards). Bahl states in the 'Behind the scenes' video that it took nine full takes to complete the video and only the very last take is used for the actual video. The video premiered on NPR's All Songs Considered on November 1, 2012 and was uploaded on YouTube the next day. On November 8, the unedited version of the video was also uploaded on YouTube.
On March 5, 2013, the band uploaded an alternative version of the song on YouTube, appropriately named 'Big Guitar Version', with all five band members playing an oversized guitar - found in a pawn shop like stated in the video comments - thus echoing their rendition of Gotye's "Somebody That I Used to Know" uploaded one year and two months before.
The song was performed live to close out "Blast from the Past", an episode of The Listener.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 songs
2012 singles
Songs written by Tawgs Salter
Walk Off the Earth songs
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 28 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 1925 Washington Senators won 96 games, lost 55, and finished in first place in the American League. Fueled by the excitement of winning their second AL pennant, the Senators led 3 games to 1 in the World Series before succumbing to the Pittsburgh Pirates.
On September 28, the Senators were guests of President Calvin Coolidge at the White House, becoming the first reigning World Series champions to visit the White House.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
References
1925 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1925 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
American League champion seasons
Washing
Chaam () is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Alphen-Chaam, about 13 km southeast of Breda.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1236 as de Cambe, and probably means beer brewery. Chaam is a road village which developed in the Middle Ages.
The Dutch Reformed church was a gothic church from the 16th century. After the destruction on 28 October 1944 by the Germans, only a part was reconstructed. Of the richly decorated tower, only the pear-shared spire and the bell from 1392 could be saved, and a new tower could not be financed; however, it has been placed next to the church. The Catholic Saint Anthony Abt was built between 1925 and 1926. Its tower was blown up in 1944 as well. It was restored and enlarged in 1948, and has been made to resemble the tower of the Dutch Reformed church.
Before the Belgian Revolution (1830-1831), Chaam was the geographic centre of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. It was home to 396 people in 1840. Chaam was a separate municipality until 1997, when it was merged with Alphen.
Sport
Chaam organises annually on the first Wednesday after the Tour de France, the Acht van Chaam, a cycling criterium for professional cyclists.
Gallery
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1997
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Alphen-Chaam
The Papuan logrunner or New Guinea logrunner (Orthonyx novaeguineae) is a species of bird in the family Orthonychidae. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Australian logrunner.
Habitat and Location
It is found in the highlands of New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Papuan logrunner
Birds of New Guinea
Papuan logrunner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Swat or SWAT may refer to:
Places
Swat (princely state), a former princely state in the present-day Swat and other surrounding districts
Swat District, a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan
Swat River, a river in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan
Somerset West and Taunton, a district in England
Film and television
S.W.A.T. (1975 TV series), an American action crime series about a SWAT team
S.W.A.T. (film), a 2003 film based on the series
S.W.A.T. (soundtrack), the film's soundtrack album
S.W.A.T.: Firefight, a 2011 direct-to-video sequel to the film
S.W.A.T.: Under Siege, a third film in the series, released direct-to-video in 2017
S.W.A.T. (2017 TV series), a series based on the 1975 television series and 2003 feature film
Video games
SWAT, a 1984 arcade game developed by Coreland
Police Quest or SWAT, a series of police simulation video games:
Police Quest: SWAT
Police Quest: SWAT 2
SWAT 3: Close Quarters Battle
SWAT: Global Strike Team
SWAT 4
SWAT Force
SWAT: Target Liberty
SWAT Elite Troops
Other uses
Swat, to bat away a nuisance, as with a fly swatter
Block (basketball) or swat, a defensive play
SWAT (special weapons and tactics), a paramilitary unit of law-enforcement agencies
SWAT (Bangladesh), a tactical unit of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police, Bangladesh
SWAT (magazine), an American firearms and law enforcement monthly
Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT)
SWAT model (Soil & Water Assessment Tool), a river basin scale model
See also
Akhund of Swat, a prominent religious Mullah or priest, and Emir of the former Yusufzai State of Swat
Swatting, a hoax intended to provoke a response from SWAT or other emergency personnel
SWATS (Southwest Atlanta, too strong), a hiphop group
Swot (disambiguation)
Swati (disambiguation)
Prezens is an album by guitarist David Torn recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Prezens is one of those recordings where free improvisation and composition find an uneasy but cooperative working relationship making for one compelling listen after another".
Track listing
All compositions by David Torn except as indicated
"AK" (Tim Berne, Tom Rainey, Craig Taborn, David Torn) - 9:19
"Rest & Unrest" - 3:45
"Structural Functions of Prezens" (Berne, Rainey, Taborn, Torn) - 10:58
"Bulbs" (Berne, Rainey, Taborn, Torn) - 6:21
"Them Buried Standing" - 2:43
"Sink" (Berne, Rainey, Taborn, Torn) - 7:16
"Neck-Deep in the Harrow..." (Berne, Rainey, Taborn, Torn) - 12:33
"Ever More Other" - 4:13
"Ring for Endless Travel" - 2:24
"Miss Place, The Mist..." (Matt Chamberlain, Torn) - 5:46
"Transmit Regardless" (Berne, Rainey, Taborn, Torn) - 7:20
Recorded at Clubhouse Studios in Rhinebeck, New York in March 2005
Personnel
David Torn - guitars, live-sampling and manipulation
Tim Berne - alto saxophone
Craig Taborn - Fender Rhodes, Hammond B3, mellotron, bent circuits
Matt Chamberlain (track 10), Tom Rainey (tracks 1-9 & 11) - drums
References
ECM Records albums
David Torn albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
2007 albums
The 1944 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 7, 1944, as part of the 1944 United States presidential election. Alabama voters chose 11 representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president. In Alabama, voters voted for electors individually instead of as a slate, as in the other states.
Alabama was won in a landslide by incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt (D–New York), running with Senator Harry S. Truman, with 81.28 percent of the popular vote, against Governor Thomas E. Dewey (R–New York), running with Governor John W. Bricker, with 18.20 percent of the popular vote, a margin of 63.08 percent. Third-party candidates only managed to pick up 0.53 percent of the vote.
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Alabama
References
Alabama
1944
1944 Alabama elections
Katzen is a surname of German origin, which means "cats". It may refer to:
Daniel Katzen (born 1952), French horn player and teacher
Jay K. Katzen (born 1936), American diplomat
Lila Katzen (1925–1998), American sculptor
Mollie Katzen (born 1950), American chef and writer
Sally Katzen (born 1942), American legal scholar
Jeff Katzen
James A. Katzen (born 1974), American business executive
Related names
Katz (surname)
Katzenbach (disambiguation)
Katzenellenbogen
Katzenelson
Katzenstein (disambiguation)
Katzman
Katzmann
See also
Katzen Arts Center, American University, Washington DC
Katzen Cancer Research Center, Washington DC
Katzensee, a lake in Zurich, Switzerland
Jewish surnames
Kohenitic surnames
German-language surnames
Yiddish-language surnames
Acacia ancistrophylla is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is native to several areas on southern Australia.
Description
The prickly shrub typically grows to a height of and has a dense or obconic habit. It has glabrous or sparsely haired branchlets. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The glabrous leathery and evergreen phyllodes are patent to erect with a narrowly oblong oblanceolate, linear or linear-oblanceolate shape and are straight to slightly curved. Th phyllodes have a length of and a width of and have many closely parallel nerves obscure to distinct. It blooms from August to October and produces yellow flowers.
Taxonomy
The species was first described in 1904 by the botanist Cecil Andrews.
There are three recognised varieties:
Acacia ancistrophylla var. ancistrophylla
Acacia ancistrophylla var. lissophylla
Acacia ancistrophylla var. perarcuata
Distribution
It has a scattered distribution through southern Western AustraliaW, south-eastern parts of South Australia and north-western Victoria. In Western Australia it is found in the Wheatbelt and Goldfields-Esperance regions and is commonly situated on hills, plains, and ridges growing in clay, sandy or loamy soils often over or around limestone.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
ancistrophylla
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1904
Flora of South Australia
Taxa named by Cecil Rollo Payton Andrews
Lustrum (US: Conspirata; 2009) is a historical novel by British author Robert Harris. It is the sequel to Imperium and the middle volume of a trilogy about the life of Cicero (106–43 BC). For its 2010 release in the United States and Italy, it was retitled Conspirata.
The book continues in the format of the first novel, with the story told in the first-person from the point of view of Cicero's secretary Tiro. It follows on immediately from Imperium, starting with the beginning of Cicero's consulship and ending with his exile as a result of the enmity of Clodius.
The novel was shortlisted for the 2010 Walter Scott Prize. It and the other novels in the trilogy were also adapted for the stage in 2017 by Mike Poulton.
References
External links
2009 British novels
Cultural depictions of Cicero
British historical novels
Novels by Robert Harris
Novels set in ancient Rome
Hutchinson (publisher) books
Novels set in the 1st century BC
British novels adapted into plays
Cultural depictions of Catiline
Cultural depictions of Pompeia (wife of Caesar)
When Saints Go Machine is a Danish electropop band from Copenhagen. The group consists of three members: Silas Moldenhawer (drums), Jonas Kenton (synth, vocals) and Nikolaj Manuel Vonsild (vocals). Until February 2019, there was a fourth member, Simon Muschinsky (keys). Moldenhawer and Kenton are also known from their parallel project, Kenton Slash Demon. When Saints Go Machine brings a more soulful sound than Kenton Slash Demon's rhythmic electro-house music. When Saints Go Machine was formed in 2007 and debuted with their self-titled EP in 2008. In May 2009 they released their debut album Ten Makes a Face. Their most popular songs are "Fail Forever", "You or The Gang" and "Kids on Vacation".
In 2008, When Saints Go Machine participated in DR P3's "P3 Gold" contest, being awarded the title "P3 Talent". One year later, they were awarded the top prize, "P3 Award", which came with a kr 100,000 prize.
In 2010 the group opened the Orange Stage at Roskilde Festival.
When Saints Go Machine signed a contract with the German record label K7 Records in October 2010 for publications outside of Scandinavia.
On 16 May 2011 the band released their second studio album, Konkylie. The album's popular hit came with the single release "Kelly" while tracks like "Church and Law" and "Add Ends" have been the critics' favorites. The album has been well received by critics both in Denmark and abroad.
At the 2012 Steppeulv Awards, When Saints Go Machine was awarded the prize for "Best Producer".
On February 14th 2019, Simon Muschinsky announced on Facebook he was leaving the band.
Discography
Albums
References
External links
Danish electronic music groups
WSRO (650 AM HD Radio) is a radio station now broadcasting classical music. Licensed to Ashland, Massachusetts, it serves the MetroWest area. The station is owned by Alex Langer. WSRO also operates translator station W271CU (102.1 FM) in Framingham.
Rooted in a station in Peterborough, New Hampshire, WSCV (later WMDK and WRPT), that operated from 1970 to 1991, the WRPT license was moved to Ashland in 1997. Initially relaunching as a talk station, the station later moved to religious programming, before spending much of the 2000s and 2010s as a Portuguese station for Framingham's Brazilian community. After the station ended its Brazilian programming and went silent in 2020 due to financial problems, it became a jazz station. It converted from analog to digital-only operations in 2021, and moved to a classical music format in 2022.
History
Although the 650 frequency in Ashland has operated since 1997, the license dates back to May 19, 1970, when WSCV in Peterborough, New Hampshire, began operations on 1050 kHz. The station was owned by Frank and Beverly Harms of Syracuse, New York, and managed by John Lawrence Scott, who had hosted children's television programs in Syracuse, New York, and had started up an FM sister station, WSLE 92.1 (now WDER-FM). The station continued to serve Peterborough (later under the call signs of WMDK and WRPT) until 1991, when the station closed down.
In 1995, Alex Langer entered into an agreement to pay the then-owners of the station to return the WRPT license to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in order to upgrade the facilities of his 1060 in Natick, Massachusetts, WBIV (now WQOM). A few months later, he turned around and purchased WRPT outright, and in 1996 applied to move it to 650 in Ashland, Massachusetts.
On February 9, 1997, the new WRPT signed on with talk programming from the Talk America network, operating from a transmitter site in Framingham shared with WKOX (now WXKS) (where it remains to this day). Local talk programming was subsequently added to the schedule (such as an afternoon show hosted by Upton Bell), much of it simulcast on the original WSRO (1470) in Marlborough after Langer bought it in 1998.
In October 1999, the station took the WJLT call letters from 1060 as part of a larger format switch that saw the talk format move to the latter frequency as WMEX, with the contemporary Christian music that had been on 1060 migrating to 650; the switch was completed on-air on January 24, 2000. However, one year later, the station began mixing talk programming back onto the afternoon schedule, as WMEX was converted to business talk station WBIX. The next year, the station switched to a religious talk format, and in December assumed the WSRO callsign from 1470, which was sold to Multicultural Broadcasting and became WAZN in Watertown.
WSRO returned to secular talk in February 2003, primarily from the Langer-owned National Radio Network (which operated out of the same facility in Framingham that WSRO broadcasts from); by 2007, the English-language programs had gradually been replaced by a lineup of programming in Portuguese, featuring religious and secular programs aimed at Framingham's Brazilian community. One non-Portuguese program remained on WSRO by 2012: the Guido Oliva Italian Hour, a program for Framingham's Italian community that had started on WKOX in 1950 and moved to WSRO after WKOX left Framingham.
During the 2010s, Langer Broadcasting expanded the reach of its Portuguese programming. In 2013, having already upgraded WSRO's signal to better reach Cambridge and Boston, it announced plans to launch similar programming for the Boston area on 1410 AM in early 2014, operating from a Hyde Park studio; this station eventually became WZBR. That August, it agreed to purchase WBUR's 1240 AM facility in West Yarmouth (on Cape Cod) to serve the Portuguese-speaking community there; that station would become WBAS. (A plan in March 2009 to launch similar programming on WJOE, operating from the Framingham studio but serving western Massachusetts and other parts of New England, did not materialize.) By 2015, the three stations were jointly branded as "Rede ABR".
Langer took the station and its translator silent on July 9, 2020, due to financial difficulties; WBAS and WZBR (the latter of which had left "Rede ABR" to carry a brokered R&B format a few years earlier) also concurrently suspended operations. WSRO returned to the air October 27, 2020, playing jazz standards. In October 2021, WSRO filed with the FCC to end its analog broadcasting on 650 kHz and convert to digital-only operations effective December 1; it was the fourth station to make this transition, joining WWFD in Frederick, Maryland; WMGG in Tampa, Florida; and WFAS in White Plains, New York. Its translator, W271CU, continues to broadcast in analog. On January 1, 2022, WSRO dropped the jazz format for classical music.
Translator
References
External links
SRO
Classical music radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1970
Radio stations established in 1997
Ashland, Massachusetts
Mass media in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
1970 establishments in New Hampshire
1997 establishments in Massachusetts
The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) is a government agency in the United Kingdom, responsible since April 2021 for England-wide public health protection and infectious disease capability, and replacing Public Health England. It is an executive agency of the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC).
The formation of the UKHSA essentially transferred Public Health England's health improvement functions to DHSC, while its health protection elements form part of the new government agency. Staff and systems were moved into the new organisation in 2021. PHE continued to have a shadow existence until September 2021. UKHSA became fully operational on 1 October 2021.
Formation
A new organisation, initially to be called the Centre for Health Protection, was proposed by Matt Hancock, the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, in July 2020 to combine NHS Test and Trace, the Joint Biosecurity Centre and the health protection functions of Public Health England (PHE). Under the name of the National Institute for Health Protection (NIHP), the organisation was established by Hancock on 18 August 2020 as a single leadership structure bringing together NHS Test and Trace, the Joint Biosecurity Centre and all of PHE. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the new organisation was not formally established until 1 April 2021, by which time it was called the UK Health Security Agency. It reports directly to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
Baroness Harding was the interim executive chair of the new organisation from 18 August 2020 to 7 May 2021. In 2022, the High Court found that her appointment to the position broke equalities legislation. She had been the chair of NHS Improvement since 2017, and at the time was head of the NHS Test and Trace programme, established in May 2020. She was a former chief executive of the TalkTalk Group who sits in the House of Lords as a member of the Conservative Party and is married to Conservative Party Member of Parliament John Penrose. During questioning by the Science and Technology Committee of the House of Commons, Harding said she held the interim leadership while a full application process was carried out.
In August 2020, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said that the NIHP would learn from South Korea and from Germany's Robert Koch Institute "where their health protection agencies have a huge, primary, focus on pandemic response".
The Telegraph first leaked news of the plans for the new agency on 16 August 2020. They claimed that Public Health England was to be "scrapped" and replaced by a single body combining it with NHS Test and Trace, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. A leaked memo to staff written by the head of Public Health England, Duncan Selbie, said that the aim of the new body was to boost expertise with "much needed new investment". Selbie apologised to staff that the news of the organisation's demise was briefed to The Telegraph before they were told.
In February 2021, Harding said that the new body would not be "fully staffed and up and running" until October 2021.
On 24 March 2021, Hancock announced that the organisation would be formally established on 1 April 2021 under the new name of the UK Health Security Agency, with Dr Jenny Harries stepping down as England's Deputy Chief Medical Officer to become chief executive, and Ian Peters to be chair. Hancock also confirmed that Harries would take over from Harding as lead of England's test, trace and isolate programme.
Role
The responsibilities of the UKHSA include:
The health protection functions of Public Health England
Planning and executing the response to external health threats such as pandemics
The Joint Biosecurity Centre
NHS Test and Trace
Regulation of Coronavirus diagnostic devices
UKHSA collaborates with Public Health Scotland, Public Health Wales and Northern Ireland's Public Health Agency.
Response
A 2020 BMJ editorial described the creation of the agency as "extremely foolhardy". It characterised the National Institute for Health Protection as "seem[ing] remarkably similar to the Health Protection Agency abolished in 2013." An August 2020 editorial in The Spectator welcomed the return to an organisation similar in remit to that agency; it criticised Public Health England's focus on health improvement topics such as obesity and binge drinking, arguing that these should be tackled by local NHS health teams. In August 2020 The Telegraph welcomed the change, characterising PHE as the quango "responsible for many critical failures over the course of this [COVID-19] pandemic" that had to be scrapped.
On 2 September 2020, more than 70 health organisations wrote to the government to express concern about the future of health improvement work under these changes.
The appointment of Lady Harding as interim executive chair of the new body was criticised by health experts as she did not have a background in health, and because of her political position. The Guardian quoted allies of hers who, in response, said that she had quickly learned after being appointed chair of NHS Improvement in 2017 and that she had a record of "getting things done" while working in business.
The timing of the reorganisation, during the ongoing pandemic response, was criticised by various health experts and other bodies, including the editorial in the BMJ, the Institute for Government, the King's Fund, and Christina Marriott, the chief executive of the Royal Society for Public Health. An editorial in The Guardian compared it to "reorganising a fire brigade as it tries to put out a blaze" and said the decision had been made without proper consultation or scrutiny.
References
External links
September 2020 UK Government Policy Paper setting out the responsibilities of the NIHP
Establishing the National Institute for Health Protection – House of Commons Library, February 2021
Public Health England
2021 establishments in England
National public health agencies
Government agencies established in 2021
Executive agencies of the United Kingdom government
COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom and government structures
Mladen Markač (; born 8 May 1955) is a Croatian retired general. He was a Commander of Croatian Special Police during Operation Storm during the Croatian War of Independence (1991–1995), and afterwards held the rank of Colonel General. Later, he was indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for war crimes committed during Operation Storm by Croatian forces against the Serbs from Croatia. In April 2011, the ICTY found him guilty and sentenced him to 18 years.
On 16 November 2012, his conviction was overturned on all charges by the appeals panel at the ICTY, and he was immediately set free to a hero's welcome in Croatia.
Early life and career
Mladen Markač was born in 1955 in Đurđevac, People's Republic of Croatia, then part of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia (FPRY). In 1981, he graduated from the Faculty of Kinesiology, University of Zagreb, and in 1982, he completed his compulsory military service. He then joined the police force of the SFRY Ministry of the Interior.
In 1990, Markač and others established a police unit for special tasks in the Ministry of the Interior. He was appointed Deputy Commander and in late 1990, this unit became the Lučko Anti-Terrorist Unit. In 1991, Mladen Markač was appointed the head of the Lučko Anti-Terrorist Unit. In 1992, he was promoted to the rank of Colonel General (reserve).
Croatian War
On 18 February 1994, Mladen Markač was appointed Commander of the Special Police of the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of Croatia (the "Special Police"), which gave him overall authority and responsibility for the operation and functioning of the Special Police. He was also Assistant Minister of the Interior for Special Police.
As Commander of the Special Police, Markač controlled all members of the Special Police who were involved in Operation Storm and the related continuing operations in that region. The participating Special Police force was composed of individuals from special purpose units, including the Lučko Anti-Terrorist Unit, the Special Police logistics department and a Ministry of Interior communications company, as well as individuals from Special Police units from various District Police Administrations throughout Croatia.
According to the ICTY indictment, he could command his subordinates, and also had the material ability to prevent persons under his authority from committing crimes and to punish his subordinates for any crimes that they committed. He also had the ability to recommend or propose disciplinary measures against members of the Croatian Army who were subordinated to his command during the operation.
Indictment and trial
He has been indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in the Hague on charges of operating a joint criminal enterprise for the purpose of permanently removing the Serb population from the Krajina by force and of crimes against humanity. In March 2004, Markač voluntarily surrendered and was transferred to the ICTY in The Hague.
On 15 April 2011, Mladen Markač was found guilty by the ICTY and sentenced to 18 years in jail for war crimes, including murder, persecution and plunder.
Appeal
In a three-to-two majority opinion, the appeals panel rendered a not guilty verdict on 16 November 2012. The presiding judge was Theodor Meron, who proclaimed the verdict. The previous verdict sentenced him to 18 years in prison, while Ante Gotovina was sentenced to 24 years. Both were accused of being part of the "criminal enterprise", but Meron concluded that "there was no such conspiracy".
The night before, candle-lit vigils were held across Croatia, including at Roman Catholic churches, while several thousand people were expected to watch a live 9:00 broadcast on a giant screen in Zagreb's Ban Jelačić Square. A leader of the war veterans' association, Josip Klemm, said: "We want to show our support for our generals and we are waiting with them for the verdict." Roman Catholic bishop Vlado Košić had called on his flock to "raise their voice against injustice regarding the generals and Croatia" and to pray "for a fair verdict."
Many veterans, some of whom wore their uniforms and carried the coat of arms of their units or the flag of Croatia, marched from Zagreb's Mirogoj cemetery to the Zagreb Cathedral. Another veterans' association leader, Ilija Vucemilovic, said: "It has to be clear who were the victims, and from where those who killed, destroyed and raped came. This was not the verdict against our generals, but against all of us, our children and our future."
After his release, the Croatian government sent a plane for Markač and Gotovina and they were greeted by the minister of defence Ante Kotromanović and minister of veterans, Predrag Matić. When Gotovina and Markač arrived in Zagreb, they were greeted by the Croatian officials, including the Prime Minister. Around 100,000 people cheered when they arrived for them at the Ban Jelačić Square in the capital. During a speech, Markač addressed the mass, saying: "I have always carried the homeland in my heart, and the homeland are you."
After making a speech at the square, a procession was held for the generals after which they were greeted by the cardinal, Josip Bozanić. At Zagreb Cathedral, a mass was held for the event. After the mass, Markač and Gotovina were received by the president at the Presidential Palace.
Markač's acquittal made international reactions. Croatian Prime Minister Zoran Milanović said that release of Markač and Gotovina is important for whole Croatia and thanked them for "enduring so much for Croatia." The President, Ivo Josipović, said that Markač and Gotovina spent eight years in prison while innocent and thanked them for their sacrifice for Croatia.
Ivan Šimonović, former Croatian minister of justice and present assistant of the UN's General Secretary Ban Ki-Moon, said that this verdict will have an important role in interpretation of certain regulations and in definition of the standard of the international criminal law. Mirjan Damaška, a law professor at Yale University, stated he was pleased but not just because of Gotovina and Markač, but because the theory about the "joint criminal enterprise" would have historical, political and legal complications for Croatia.
The media in Serbia described Markač's and Gotovina's release as "scandalous". The Government of Serbia expressed its indignation with the court's decision. However, Veselin Šljivančanin, a former officer of the Yugoslav People's Army convicted of war crimes perpetrated during the Battle of Vukovar, congratulated both generals on their release, blaming the politicians for what he calls war crimes committed during the Operation Storm, namely the president Franjo Tuđman.
Reactions in Bosnia and Herzegovina were mixed. The president of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Živko Budimir, congratulated Gotovina and Markač on their "another victory" referring to them as "respected comrades, dear friends, our heroes." The president of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina, a major party amongst the Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Dragan Čović, said he was overjoyed with the release of Gotovina and Markač.
Milorad Dodik, President of Republika Srpska, said politics played a major role in the ICTY decision, adding that "this is a humiliating decision for all the victims, for all Serbs".
Rhodri C. Williams, a human rights consultant, stated "to treat the Gotovina judgment as an absolution of Croatia's well-documented sins is patently absurd and will only complicate the way to a long overdue regional reckoning with the past. Ultimately, Croatia can only legitimise its own narrative of victimhood by recognising the validity of those of its victims."
After release
On 2 December, Markač and Gotovina were named honorary citizens of Osijek.
On 5 December, at an lecture in Matica hrvatska about the Croatian War of Independence, Markač announced he would dedicate himself to humanitarian work and spreading what he described as the truth about the war.
References
1955 births
Living people
Croatian army officers
People from Đurđevac
People indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
People acquitted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
Military personnel of the Croatian War of Independence
University of Zagreb alumni
Croatian police officers
James Downing (1946 - 28 April 2012) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team.
Born in Urhan, County Cork, Downing first played competitive football in his youth. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Cork minor team, before later joining the under-21 and junior sides. He made his senior debut during the 1967 championship. Downing was a regular member of the panel for several years and won one Munster medal as a non-playing substitute. He was All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Downing was a one-time Munster and championship medallist with divisional side Beara. He also won numerous championship medals with Urhan.
Throughout his career Downing made just two championship appearances for Cork. He left the panel after the 1970 championship.
Honours
Team
Urhan
Cork Intermediate Football Championship (1): 1967
Cork Intermediate Football League (1): 1966
Beara Junior Football Championship (1): 1973
Kelleher Shield (1): 1961
Beara
Munster Senior Club Football Championship (1): 1967
Cork Senior Football Championship (1): 1967
Cork
Munster Senior Football Championship (1): 1967 (sub)
Munster Junior Football Championship (1): 1966
Munster Under-21 Football Championship (1): 1965
Munster Minor Football Championship (1): 1964
References
1946 births
2012 deaths
Urhan Gaelic footballers
Beara Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Stanchfield is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Stanchfield Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 103.
Isanti County Roads 3 and 36; and State Highway 65 (MN 65) are three of the main routes in the community. The community is located between Cambridge and Braham. Grandy is nearby.
Notable person
Wendell Erickson (1925-2018), educator and Minnesota state legislator, was born in Stanchfield.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 118 people, 42 households, and 33 families in the CDP. The population density was . There were 46 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the CDP was 99.2% White, and 0.8% Asian.
There were 42 households, of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 11.9% had a male householder with no wife present, and 21.4% were non-families. 11.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.06.
The median age in the CDP was 30.5 years. 31.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29.7% were from 25 to 44; 25.4% were from 45 to 64; and 8.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the CDP was 53.4% male and 46.6% female.
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Census-designated places in Minnesota
Census-designated places in Isanti County, Minnesota
Elizabeth of Pomerania (, ; – 15 April 1393) was the fourth and final wife of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and King of Bohemia.
Life
Elizabeth was the daughter of Bogislaw V, Duke of Pomerania and Elisabeth of Poland. Her maternal grandparents were Casimir III, King of Poland, and Aldona of Lithuania. Elizabeth married Charles was held on 25 May 1363 in Kraków, only one year after the death of Charles's third wife, Anne of Schweidnitz. The bride was 16 years old, while the groom was 47. Charles married Elisabeth mainly for diplomatic reason, as the marriage helped to break the anti-Czech coalition led by Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria, with Polish and Hungarian kings as participants. On 18 June 1363 in the Bohemian capital Prague, Elisabeth was crowned Queen of Bohemia, and 5 years later, on 1 November 1368, she was also crowned empress of the Holy Roman Empire in Rome by Pope Urban V.
Elizabeth and Charles had:
Anne of Bohemia (1366–1394), married Richard II of England
Sigismund (1368–1437), the Holy Roman Emperor and King of Bohemia and Hungary
John of Görlitz (1370–1396), margrave of Moravia and duke of Görlitz, who married Richardis Catherine of Sweden
Charles (13 March 1372 – 24 July 1373)
Margaret of Bohemia (1373–1410), who was married to John III, Burgrave of Nuremberg
Henry (1377–1378)
Queen and empress
Elizabeth is reputed to have been a very vigorous, self-confident and physically strong person. The relationship between Elizabeth and Charles is described to have been good and harmonious. During the serious illness of Charles in 1371, Elisabeth made a miniature pilgrimage by walking on foot to the cathedral and offering gifts in a prayer to his health. Their good relationship has been portrayed in art, such as in Noc na Karlštejně (A Night at Karlstein). She does not seem to have wielded any political influence, however: she was tormented by the fact that Charles preferred his children from his former marriage, but was unable to change his mind.
Widowhood
After her husband's death at 29 November 1378 in Prague, Elizabeth's stepson Wenceslaus IV, son of Charles's previous wife, ascended the throne. Elisabeth then cared for her own two sons, mainly the older Sigismund, whom she supported in his efforts to become the king of Hungary.
Elizabeth outlived Charles IV by 15 years. She died on 15 February 1393 in Hradec Králové (Königgrätz) and was buried next to her husband in St. Vitus Cathedral.
References
Sources
Further reading
J. Fidler, České královny [Queens of Bohemia] (Havlíčkův Brod, 2004)
KAVKA, František. Čtyři ženy Karla IV. Královské sňatky. Praha ; Litomyšl : Paseka, 2002. 189 s. .
SPĚVÁČEK, Jiří. Karel IV. Život a dílo (1316–1378). Praha : Nakladatelství Svoboda, 1980. 721 s.
SPĚVÁČEK, Jiří. Václav IV. 1361–1419. K předpokladům husitské revoluce. Praha : Nakladatelství Svoboda, 1986. 773 s.
|-
|-
|-
1347 births
1393 deaths
Medieval Polish nobility
Holy Roman Empresses
Italian queens consort
Wives of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor
14th-century Polish people
14th-century Polish women
14th-century women of the Holy Roman Empire
14th-century German women
Burials at St. Vitus Cathedral
Michael John Lema (born 3 April 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a right or left midfielder for Austrian club Lafnitz. Born in Tanzania, Lema was a youth international for Austria.
Club career
On 21 March 2018, Lema signed his first professional contract with SK Sturm Graz. Lema made his professional debut for Sturm Graz in a 0-0 Austrian Football Bundesliga tie with SC Rheindorf Altach on 27 May 2018. In December 2019 it was confirmed, that Lema would join TSV Hartberg on loan from January 2020 until the end of the season.
At the end of the 2020–21 season, he moved to Hartberg on a permanent basis.
On 8 February 2022, Lema signed with Lafnitz.
International career
Lema was born in Tanzania, and in 2008 was sponsored to move to Austria. He is a youth international for Austria, but has expressed an interest in representing the Tanzania national football team.
References
External links
OEFB Profile
Austrian Bundesliga Profile
1999 births
Living people
People from Singida Region
Tanzanian emigrants to Austria
Naturalised citizens of Austria
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Tanzanian footballers
Austrian people of Tanzanian descent
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
SK Sturm Graz players
TSV Hartberg players
SV Lafnitz players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Association football midfielders
Weethley is a hamlet on the B4088 road, in the civil parish of Arrow with Weethley, in the Stratford-on-Avon district, in the county of Warwickshire, England. Weethley has a chapel of ease called St James's, Weethley.
References
External links
British history online
Villages in Warwickshire
Former civil parishes in Warwickshire
Stratford-on-Avon District
The Punjab Legislative Council (Abolition) Act, 1969 was a legislation in India, adopted in 1969. Through this legislation the Punjab Legislative Council was abolished. The Act also provides for matters supplemental, incidental and consequential as a result of the abolition of the Punjab Legislative Council. The law came into effect on 7 January 1970. Through this law, the legislature of Punjab became unicameral, omitting the word 'Punjab' from Article 168 of the Constitution of India (i.e. the article of the Constitution listing states with bicameral legislatures).
See also
Punjab Legislative Assembly
References
Acts of the Parliament of India 1969
Politics of Punjab, India
Double Falsehood (archaic spelling: Double Falshood) or The Distrest Lovers is a 1727 play by the English writer and playwright Lewis Theobald, although the authorship has been contested ever since the play was first published, with some scholars considering that it may have been written by John Fletcher and William Shakespeare. Some authors believe that it may be an adaptation of a lost play by Shakespeare and Fletcher known as Cardenio. Theobald himself claimed his version was based on three manuscripts of an unnamed lost play by Shakespeare.
Sources
The 1727 play is based on the "Cardenio" episode in Miguel de Cervantes's Don Quixote, which occurs in the first part of the novel. The author of the play appears to know the novel through Thomas Shelton's English translation, which appeared in 1612. Theobald's play changes the names of the main characters from the Spanish original: Cervantes' Cardenio becomes Julio, his Lucinda becomes Leonora; Don Fernando is turned into Henriquez, and Dorothea into Violante.
Authorship
Publisher Humphrey Moseley was the first to link Cardenio with Shakespeare: the title page of his edition of 1647, entered at the Stationers' Register on 9 September 1653, credits the work to "Mr Fletcher & Shakespeare". In all, Moseley added Shakespeare's name to six plays by other writers, attributions which have always been received with scepticism.
Theobald's claim of a Shakespearean foundation for his Double Falshood met with suspicion, and even accusations of forgery, from contemporaries such as Alexander Pope, and from subsequent generations of critics as well. Nonetheless Theobald is regarded by critics as a far more serious scholar than Pope, and as a man who "more or less invented modern textual criticism". The evidence of Shakespeare's connection with a dramatization of the Cardenio story comes from the entry in the Stationers' Register, but Theobald could not have known of this evidence, "since it was not found until long after his death". There appears to be agreement among scholars that the 18th century Double Falsehood is not a forgery, but is based on the lost Cardenio of 1612–13, and that the original authors of Cardenio were John Fletcher and possibly William Shakespeare.
In March 2010, The Arden Shakespeare published Double Falsehood, with a "Note on this Edition" stating that the edition "makes its own cautious case for Shakespeare's participation in the genesis of the play," followed with speculations regarding how such a case might, in an imagined future, either be "substantiated beyond all doubt" or "altogether disproved". Arden editor, Brean Hammond, in the introduction, states that recent analysis based on linguistics and style "lends support" to the idea that Shakespeare and Fletcher's hand can be detected in the 18th Century edition. Hammond then expresses the hope that his edition "reinforces the accumulating consensus that the lost play has a continuing presence in its eighteenth-century great-grandchild." Author and critic Kate Maltby cautions against promoting Double Falsehood with exaggerated statements. She points out that nowhere does the Arden editor of Double Falsehood make the "grandiose claim" found on advertisements for a production of the play that invite people to come and 'Discover a Lost Shakespeare'. She points out that if a young person sees a production of Double Falsehood, and is told it is by Shakespeare, they may come away with the "lifelong conviction that 'Shakespeare' is pallid and dull."
In 2015, Ryan L. Boyd and James W. Pennebaker of the University of Texas at Austin published research in the journal Psychological Science that reported statistical and psychological evidence suggesting Shakespeare and Fletcher may have coauthored Double Falsehood, with Theobald's contribution being "very minor". By aggregating dozens of psychological features of each playwright derived from validated linguistic cues, the researchers found that they were able to create a "psychological signature" (i.e., a high-dimensional psychological composite) for each authorial candidate. These psychological signatures were then mathematically compared with the psycholinguistic profile of Double Falsehood. This allowed the researchers to determine the probability of authorship for Shakespeare, Fletcher, and Theobald. Their results challenge the suggestion that the play was a mere forgery by Theobald. Additionally, these results provided strong evidence that Shakespeare was the most likely author of the first three acts of Double Falsehood, while Fletcher likely made key contributions to the final two acts of the play.
Performance and publication
The play was first produced on 13 December 1727 at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, and published in 1728. The drama was revived at Covent Garden on 24 April 1749, and performed again on 6 May that year. Later performances occurred in 1781 and 1793, and perhaps in 1770 also. After the first edition of 1728, later editions appeared in 1740 and 1767.
Modern revivals
A new edition of the play was published in March 2010 in the Arden Shakespeare series. In January 2011 this version, advertised as by "William Shakespeare and John Fletcher", was presented at the Union Theatre, Southwark, by theatre company MokitaGrit, director Phil Willmott. Wilmott, while praising the "flashes of psychological insight" in the work, found himself unconvinced by the attribution to Shakespeare, noting the absence of comic interludes, the play's uncharacteristic structure and, above all, the absence of "heart-stopping moments of poetry". Certainly some typical Shakespearean plot elements, such as women disguised as men, a disaffected younger brother and a switch from scenes at court to one in the country are to be found, but the possibility remains that these were included by another as an "homage" to Shakespeare's style, or as a deliberate attempt to deceive. The critic Lyn Gardner found the work stageworthy, but also doubted the attribution, observing that it was "more of a curiosity than a classic".
In April 2011 the Royal Shakespeare Company presented a version of Double Falsehood as "Cardenio, Shakespeare's 'lost play' re-imagined." The text included "restored" elements of the plot based on Cervantes. The production received good reviews, but the critic Michael Billington believed that it was more suggestive of Fletcher than Shakespeare.
In August 2012, the Hudson Shakespeare Company of New Jersey staged an adaptation of Double Falsehood as part of their summer outdoor Shakespeare in the Parks season billing the show as "Cardenio, the lost Shakespeare". While the basic script adhered to the same structure of Double Falsehood, director Jon Ciccarelli modified the character names to match up with their Cervantes counterparts along with adding scenic material, music, stage combat choreography and dance to further flesh out the central Cardenio story.
In 2012 Terri Bourus directed a production of Gary Taylor's "unadaptation" of Cardenio, an attempt to reverse Theobald's alterations of the original. Taylor's text along with detailed evidence supporting the view that Theobald had used the original playscript was published in a collection of essays the following year.
Cast
The 1728 edition provided a cast list for the main speaking parts in the original production:
The play's minor roles, of servants, messengers, and others, were omitted from the dramatis personae.
The cast's Wilks and Booth were Robert Wilks and Barton Booth, both prominent actors of their generation. The Mrs. Booth who played Violante was the former Hester Santlow; Mary Porter played Leonora.
Synopsis
The play is set in "the province of Andalusia in Spain". The opening scene introduces Duke Angelo and his elder son and heir, Roderick. Roderick is the dutiful and virtuous son; the Duke also has a younger son, Henriquez, a scapegrace and prodigal who is absent from the ducal court, pursuing his own interests. Henriquez has just written his father a letter, requesting gold to buy a horse; Henriquez will send his friend Julio to court to receive payment. The Duke and Roderick decide to use Julio for their own purposes: they will detain him at court "some few days...and assay to mould him / An honest spy" upon Henriquez's "riots".
Julio's father Camillo is not happy about his son's mission to court. Julio wants to arrange a marriage with Leonora; his intended bride is agreeable, and the call to court delays Julio's plan to obtain the consent of both their fathers. Julio leaves Henriquez behind him to further his suit with Leonora, a foolish trust. Henriquez has developed an infatuation with Violante, a beautiful and virtuous local girl of humble birth; she rejects his inappropriate solicitations. Henriquez forces himself upon her. Afterward, confronting his guilty conscience over his "brutal violence", Henriquez tries to convince himself that his act wasn't a rape, with the feeble rationalization that Violante did not cry out, however much she struggled physically.
His pangs of guilt do not prevent Henriquez from pursuing another scheme: in Julio's absence he is courting Leonora. (Henriquez admits in a soliloquy that he sent Julio away with this in mind. His pursuit of both Violante and Leonora is the "double falsehood" of the title.) The young woman is appalled and repelled by this, but her father Don Bernardo wants the family connection with the nobility that their marriage will produce. Leonora sends a letter to Julio, and he returns in time to frustrate the wedding. Julio challenges Henriquez with his sword but is overwhelmed and ejected by Bernardo's servants; Leonora faints and is carried out. Bernardo discovers a dagger and a suicide note on his daughter's person, revealing her final determination to resist the forced marriage.
Julio and the two young women, each in a distraught state of mind, depart mysteriously; the fathers Camillo and Bernardo are left to confront their own distress. Roderick arrives, and comforts the two old men. Their unhappiness works something of a reversal in each man's character: the formerly mild Camillo hardens his nature, while the formerly harsh Bernardo dissolves in tears.
In Act IV the scene shifts from court and town to the wilds where the shepherds keep their flocks (the same shift to the pastoral mode that Shakespeare employs in Act IV of The Winter's Tale). Violante has disguised herself as a boy, and has become a servant to a master shepherd. Julio is also in the neighborhood, wandering distractedly, fighting with shepherds and stealing their food. The Master shepherd is a rare character in traditional English drama, who can actually recognize a woman when she's disguised as a boy. He makes a crude and unwelcome sexual advance toward Violante, which is interrupted by the arrival of Roderick. Henriquez has learned that Leonora has taken refuge in a nearby nunnery, and has gained his brother's help in a plan to retrieve her. Roderick has agreed, in part to keep an eye on his younger brother; he insists that Leonora be treated honourably, and given her choice whether to return with them.
Roderick is also clever enough to piece together the larger situation; he manages to bring Julio, Leonora, Violante, and Henriquez back home altogether. He engineers a grand confrontation and reconciliation scene at the play's end: Julio and Leonora and happily re-united, and a now-repentant Henriquez wants to marry Violante to make up for his crime. The three fathers acquiesce to this arrangement.
Versions of pastoral
Theobald takes a very different approach to the pastoral genre and theme, compared to Shakespeare and Fletcher. In the pastoral tradition exploited by the earlier dramatists, the retreat to the primitive world of nature is a return to a rough but morally benign innocence. Theobald worked a century later in a different social and cultural frame; his shepherds are tougher, their life more bleak. Violante is surprised at the Master shepherd's sexual advances:
Who would have thought, that such poor worms as they,
(Whose best feed is coarse bread; whose bev'rage, water),
Should have so much rank blood?
In traditional pastoral, it is more commonly the well-fed denizens of court and city (in contrast to those who live and work in a closer relationship with nature) who are morally corrupt and sensual.
References
External links
Full text of the play
Images of 2011 London production
"'Lost' Shakespeare play Double Falsehood published; William Shakespeare collaborated on two other plays with Fletcher; A play which was first discovered nearly 300 years ago has been credited to William Shakespeare," BBC News website, 15 March 2010
Shakespeare apocrypha
1727 plays
Plays by Lewis Theobald
Plays based on Don Quixote
Joshua Ilan Gad (born February 23, 1981) is an American actor. He is known for voicing Olaf in the Frozen franchise, playing Elder Arnold Cunningham in the Broadway musical The Book of Mormon, and playing Le Fou in the live-action adaptation of Disney's Beauty and the Beast. For his role as Olaf, Gad won two Annie Awards, and for his work in The Book of Mormon, he co-won a Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album and received a Tony Award nomination for Best Actor in a Musical, both shared with Andrew Rannells as one of the two leading artists.
Gad played Skip Gilchrist in the political sitcom 1600 Penn on NBC, and a fictionalized version of himself on FX's The Comedians, alongside Billy Crystal. His other film roles include The Rocker, The Internship, 21, Love & Other Drugs, Jobs, Pixels, The Wedding Ringer, The Angry Birds Movie and its sequel, A Dog's Purpose and its sequel A Dog's Journey, Marshall, Agatha Christie's Murder on the Orient Express, Little Monsters and Ghostbusters: Afterlife. He will star in the upcoming Netflix movie Super-Normal. He has also appeared in ER, The Daily Show, Modern Family, New Girl, Bored to Death, and Numb3rs. In 2020, he began starring in the HBO comedy series Avenue 5.
Early life
Joshua Ilan Gad was born in Hollywood, Florida, on February 23, 1981. His mother, Susan, is a real estate agent and his stepfather is an investment advisor, and he has two older brothers, a stepbrother and a stepsister. His father, Sam (Shmuel) Gad was born to a Jewish family in Afghanistan and moved to Israel as a teenager. Gad has stated that he believes his father is a descendant of the Tribe of Gad, one of the Twelve Tribes of Israel, further stating that his paternal ancestors travelled through India before settling in Afghanistan. His mother was born in Germany to an Ashkenazi Jewish family of Holocaust survivors. He was raised Jewish.
Gad attended the University School of Nova Southeastern University, graduating in 1999. While there, he won the National Forensics League (NFL) National Tournament Championships for Original Oratory in 1998 and 1999. He also won the 1999 Humorous Interpretation at the National tournament in Phoenix. He then attended the Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts, where he graduated in 2003 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in drama. He attended college with fellow Broadway stars Leslie Odom Jr. and Rory O'Malley, the latter of whom he based his portrayal of Olaf in Frozen on. During this time, he undertook a semester-long exchange at the National Institute of Dramatic Art.
Career
2002–2008: Early career
Gad made his film debut in the 2002 film Mary and Joe. In 2005, Gad made his television debut by guest-starring in an episode of the NBC medical drama series ER. The same year, he replaced Dan Fogler as William Barfée in The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee on Broadway after Fogler left the show. Gad went on to star in the Fox sitcom Back to You as news director Ryan Church. The sitcom lasted one season from 2007 to 2008. In 2008, Gad had a supporting role in the drama film 21, and a leading role in the comedy film The Rocker.
2008–2012: The Book of Mormon and minor success on television
After Back to You, Gad appeared as a correspondent on The Daily Show on May 5, 2009, and became a regular correspondent on June 2, 2009. His signature segments include "The War on Christmas", in which he played an oversexed Benjamin Franklin, and "Chubby Chasers", in which he reported on Michelle Obama's efforts to curb childhood obesity. Gad made his final appearance as a correspondent on June 27, 2011. Also in 2009, Gad starred in the short-form Crackle horror comedy series Woke Up Dead.
In 2010, he had a supporting role in the romantic comedy-drama film Love & Other Drugs opposite Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway. That same year, Gad had a voice role in the family comedy film Marmaduke. In 2011, Gad voiced Mondo in the MTV adult animated sitcom Good Vibes. That same year, Gad portrayed Elder Cunningham in the Broadway musical The Book of Mormon. The show opened at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on March 24, 2011. His last performance was June 6, 2012. Gad was nominated for the 2011 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical and won for Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album, along with his co-star Andrew Rannells.
In 2012, Gad had a leading role in the independent film She Wants Me. Also in 2012, Gad co-created, produced and starred in the NBC sitcom 1600 Penn. Both Good Vibes and 1600 Penn were canceled after one season. That same year, Gad voiced the molehog Louis in Ice Age: Continental Drift.
2013–2019: Frozen franchise and continued success
In 2013, he played Andrew in the film The Internship and starred as Steve Wozniak in the film Jobs. The same year, he voiced Olaf in the Disney film Frozen, re-collaborating with co-songwriter Robert Lopez from The Book of Mormon. In 2014, Gad co-starred in Zach Braff's film Wish I Was Here, playing the main character's brother.
In 2015, Gad starred alongside Kevin Hart and Kaley Cuoco in The Wedding Ringer and starred alongside Adam Sandler and Peter Dinklage in Pixels, a film about video game players who are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who have attacked the earth. That same year, Gad co-starred with Billy Crystal on the FX comedy series The Comedians, which premiered on April 9, 2015. The series was canceled after one season. In 2016, Gad voiced Chuck in The Angry Birds Movie, based on the game franchise of the same name.
In 2017, Gad voiced the dog Bailey in A Dog's Purpose, Also that year, he played LeFou in the live-action adaptation of Disney's Beauty and the Beast, directed by Bill Condon and co-starring with Emma Watson. Gad also starred in Reginald Hudlin's biographical drama Marshall, alongside Chadwick Boseman and Beauty and the Beast co-star Dan Stevens, and Gad played Hector MacQueen in a film adaptation of Agatha Christie's detective novel Murder on the Orient Express, directed by and starring Kenneth Branagh, alongside Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Judi Dench, and Daisy Ridley.
In 2019, Gad starred with Lupita Nyong'o and Alexander England in the Hulu horror-comedy Little Monsters. He also starred in A Dog's Journey, the sequel to A Dog's Purpose, reprising his role as Bailey. Also in 2019, Gad reprised his role of Olaf in the sequel Frozen II as well as the video game Kingdom Hearts III.
2020–present: Expanding ventures
In 2020, Gad returned to television by starring in two different television series. First, Gad starred in the HBO science fiction comedy series Avenue 5 opposite Hugh Laurie. The series premiered on January 19 and was renewed for a second season a month later. Second, Gad created, produced and starred in the Apple TV+ animated musical comedy series Central Park. The series received a two-season order from Apple with each season set to consist of thirteen episodes each. The series premiered on May 29.
He starred in the science fantasy adventure Artemis Fowl (2020), based on the book of the same name by Eoin Colfer. The film was initially set for a theatrical release but was changed to a streaming release on Disney+ due to the coronavirus pandemic. In September 2020 Gad joined Princess Bride Reunion, a virtual live script read-through of the 1987 movie, in the role of Fezzik, originally played by André the Giant. The A.V. Club'''s review singled out his performance as "Josh Gad's surprisingly moving Andre the Giant tribute... It was an impression in the gentlest, sweetest sense of the word, something remarked on repeatedly by the rest of the cast and host/moderator Patton Oswalt. 10s across the board."
During the COVID-19 pandemic, where people were encouraged to practice social distancing, Gad launched the YouTube series Reunited Apart, which reunites the cast, via video conferencing, of several popular movies and movie series including Back to The Future and Lord of the Rings. The series encourages its viewers to support non-profit charities such as Dig Deep, Project Hope and No Kid Hungry. In June, Gad announced that the episode on Ferris Bueller's Day Off would be the last, though the series later returned for a second season, which premiered in December 2020 with the cast of Wayne's World.
In the runup to the 2020 election, Gad joined other Broadway celebrities with the voter education nonprofit VoteRiders for a virtual party to raise awareness around the complexities of voter ID laws targeting at-risk voters.
Gad is set to serve as co-creator, co-writer, and executive-producer for a Beauty and the Beast prequel limited series for Disney+, in which he will also reprise his role as LeFou as a series regular. Gad was also announced to star as Nick Szalinski in the upcoming film Shrunk, a legacy-sequel to Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.
In January 2019, it was announced Gad was set to produce the live-action remake of Disney's 1996 film The Hunchback of Notre Dame. It was later rumored Gad was considered to play the lead role of Quasimodo; however this was postponed because of COVID-19. After 2 years of postponement, in January 2021 Gad shared a small update on Twitter, on production of the film.
Personal life
In 2004, Gad met actress Ida Darvish after the two were cast to play a married couple in the David Ives play All in the Timing''. They married in 2008. They have two daughters, Ava Gad, born in 2011, and Isabella Gad, born in 2014. Gad has stated that while he loves the traditional aspects of Judaism and celebrates some traditions of his wife's Catholicism, he considers himself spiritual but not religious. Gad has come out in the past couple years talking about his struggle with General Anxiety Disorder, or GAD, as part of his effort to combat mental health stigma and shame.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Web
Theatre
References
External links
1981 births
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male musical theatre actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
American people of Afghan-Jewish descent
American people of Indian descent
American people of German-Jewish descent
Annie Award winners
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Grammy Award winners
Jewish American male actors
Jewish American musicians
Jewish singers
Living people
Male actors from Florida
Nova Southeastern University alumni
People from Hollywood, Florida
People of Afghan-Jewish descent
People of Indian-Jewish descent
American Mizrahi Jews
Who Has The Biggest Brain? is a brain training social video game by Playfish and published on Facebook Connect. It was Playfish's first game. The game, along with other Playfish titles like Word Challenge and Geo Challenge, were rolled out onto iOS. EA acquired the rights to the game in 2009 after acquiring Playfish.
The title sees the player work through memory, math, and spatial games to get a brain score. The game consisted of 4 minigames, 60 seconds each. The leaderboard showed both the player's Facebook photo and score and that of their nearest competitors.
By March 2009, the game had been played over 500 million times by over 15 million people with current monthly active player base of nearly 4.2 million people.
On August 30, 2011, it was the announced the game along with other Playfish titles would be axed on September 30.
Critical reception
Pocket Gamer deemed it "excellent and frighteningly addictive".
References
2009 video games
The Breeze (formerly Andover Sound) was an independent local radio station in England, serving Andover and northwest Hampshire, and parts of east Wiltshire from studios at Eastgate House in Andover. Beginning as Andover Sound in 2008, from 2011 the station was owned and operated by Bauer Radio as part of The Breeze network. From September 2020 the station was replaced by Greatest Hits Radio.
History
Originally launched in May 2008 as Andover Sound by ITV regional news presenter Ian Axton (now of ITV West Country), who owned a majority 80% stake in the station with the remaining 20% owned by Tindle Radio. Andover Sound bought out Kick FM, a station serving Newbury and West Berkshire, in June 2009; it was rebranded as Newbury Sound a month later.
Both Andover and Newbury stations were sold to Celador in August 2011. On 12 March 2012, Celador announced Newbury Sound and Andover Sound would be rebranded as The Breeze, falling in line with an existing network of stations serving South Hampshire and the West of England (Bristol, Somerset and West Wiltshire). The rebranding took place on 2 April 2012. In January 2012, the Newbury station was co-located to Andover Sound's studios. However, breakfast and weekday drive-time programming was presented from Basingstoke, with networked output from Southampton during off-peak hours.
In September 2020, The Breeze in Andover and Newbury, along with other stations in the network, were rebranded to become part of the Greatest Hits Radio network as Greatest Hits Radio Berkshire and East Hampshire.
Awards
As Andover Sound, the station won various radio industry awards, including a New York Festivals News/Documentary Special accolade in July 2009 for Remembering Jamie, a half-hour programme on the sudden death of a local teenager. Andover Sound was also named as the Radio Academy South Station of the Year in December 2009.
At the 2010 Sony Radio Academy Awards, Andover Sound won silver in the News Journalist of the Year category (for editor Ben McGrail & journalist Faye Marsh) and was nominated in the Station of the Year (300,000 or fewer listeners) category. In June 2010, the station was named as the Arqiva Commercial Radio Station of the Year (300,000 or fewer listeners).
References
External links
Official website – archived 18 August 2020
Radio stations in Hampshire
Radio stations established in 2008
Test Valley
Andover, Hampshire
Events in the year 1913 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
24 November – Parliamentary elections were held in the country, resulting in a victory for the Liberal Concentration. Liberal Concentration, an alliance of the Liberal Party (Radoslavists), the People's Liberal Party and the Young Liberals Party, between them won 88 of the 204 seats in the parliament. Voter turnout was 55.0%.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Guy Mantzur is an Israeli music producer based in Tel Aviv. He established his own record label, Plattenbank, in 2009.
He released his first album, Moments, in 2013, and followed up the following year with Time with Sahar Z. The latter album is described by Decoded Magazine as "distinctly mind blowing on all levels of melodic music".
Discography
Albums
Moments, 2013, Sudbeat Music
Time (with Sahar Z), 2014
Children With No Name (with Khen), 2016
A Guy in Itajai, 2018
Singles & EPs
"My Golden Cage" (with Khen), Bedrock, 2019
"Tremolo Man/Chasing the Fog", Lost & Found, 2018
References
Electronic dance music DJs
Israeli DJs
Progressive house musicians
Remixers
Brian Carroll (born July 20, 1981) is an American retired soccer player who last played for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer. He is currently the only player in MLS history to have won 4 consecutive Supporter Shields.
Career
Youth and college
While in high school, Carroll was the Washington Post All-Met Player of the Year, was twice named to the Parade All-American team, and led the West Springfield Spartans to the final of the Virginia state tournament in 1998. He played college soccer at Wake Forest University from 2000 to 2002. Named captain as a sophomore, Carroll tied the school record for most assists in a game with three and finished the year as a second-team All-ACC selection. As a junior, he was again team captain, an All-American, and was a finalist for the Hermann Trophy. After his junior year, he signed a Project-40 contract with MLS, completing his career at Wake Forest with 7 goals and 15 assists, having started all 61 games over the three years.
Club
DC United
Carroll was selected 11th overall in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft by D.C. United. Unfortunately for him, coach Ray Hudson preferred a lineup dominated by veterans, and although he saw time in U.S. Open Cup competition, Carroll did not appear in any regular season games. Peter Nowak replaced Hudson following the 2003 season, and soon expressed incredulity that a player as talented as Carroll saw no playing time under Hudson. Carroll was a fixture in Nowak's lineup for the first game of the 2004 season, and would remain there all year long, appearing in all 30 of the team's games, starting 26 of them, earning his first MLS assist, and winning the MLS Cup. In 2005, he led the team in minutes and games played, scored his first league goal, added three more assists, and led MLS in consecutive games played, at 62. Carroll was one of three players nominated for the 2005 MLS Fair Play Award. Carroll started 31 games for the club in 2006, with 1 goal and 3 assists. Carroll lost his starting role with United to fellow defensive midfielder Clyde Simms midway through the 2007 season, but still had a productive year, with 4 assists to his credit.
It was announced on 27 November 2006 that Carroll was on trial with French club Olympique de Marseille with hopes for an eventual transfer. However, on 23 January 2007 it was announced that Carroll had re-signed with D.C. United.
Columbus Crew
On November 21, 2007, Carroll was selected as part of the expansion draft to join the new San Jose Earthquakes club. On November 26, he was traded to the Columbus Crew in exchange for Kei Kamara.
In June 2010, Caroll signed a four year contract extension with the Crew. On November 6, 2010, he missed the penalty which ended the Crew's playoff run, sending the ball over the crossbar.
Philadelphia Union
On November 22, 2010, Carroll was traded to Philadelphia Union in exchange for a second-round draft pick and allocation money.
Between 2004 and 2016 he made at least 21 appearances for 13 different seasons. Upon retirement he was praised for his professionalism and leadership.
International
Carroll has played on the Under-18, Under-20, and Under-23 national teams, including at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina and 2003 Olympic Qualifying. In his first game for the full national team (a World Cup qualifier vs. Panama on October 12, 2005), he was named Man of the Match. He ended his career with eight caps.
Career statistics
Club
International
Personal
Carroll is the brother of fellow former professional soccer players Jeff Carroll and Pat Carroll, both of whom have also played for D.C. United. He is a lifelong Catholic whose soccer career has been influenced by former UCLA basketball coach John Wooden.
Following retirement Carroll was planning to move to the Indianapolis area to pursue a career in financial planning.
Honors
D.C. United
MLS Cup (1): 2004
Eastern Conference (Playoffs) (1): 2004
Supporter's Shield (2): 2006, 2007
Columbus Crew
MLS Cup (1): 2008
Eastern Conference (Playoffs) (1): 2008
Supporter's Shield (2): 2008, 2009
Gallery
References
External links
Wake Forest bio
1981 births
Living people
American soccer players
Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's soccer players
D.C. United players
Richmond Kickers players
Columbus Crew players
Philadelphia Union players
Philadelphia Union II players
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
United States men's international soccer players
USL A-League players
Major League Soccer players
Soccer players from Virginia
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
D.C. United draft picks
People from Springfield, Virginia
Association football midfielders
Magic for Beginners is a collection of nine works of fantasy and light horror short fiction by American writer Kelly Link. The stories were all previously published in other venues from 2002 to 2005.
The book won the 2006 Locus Award for best short story collection. The title story, "Magic for Beginners", won the 2006 Nebula Award and 2006 Locus Award for best novella, and the 2006 British SF Award for best short fiction. Another story in the book, "The Faery Handbag", won the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Novelette, the 2006 Nebula Award, and the 2005 Locus Award for best novelette.
Stories
"The Faery Handbag"
"The Hortlak"
"The Cannon"
"Stone Animals"
"Catskin"
"Some Zombie Contingency Plans"
"The Great Divorce"
"Magic for Beginners"
"Lull"
References
External links
Review of Magic for Beginners by Geneva Melzack for Strange Horizons.
2005 short story collections
Fantasy short story collections
Horror short story collections
Nebula Award for Best Novella-winning works
The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act 1661 (13 Car 2 Stat. 1 c. 12) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Chapter, except section 4, was repealed by section 87 of, and Schedule 5 to, the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Measure 1963 (No 1).
The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, was repealed by section 1 of, and Part II of the Schedule to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1969.
Content
Reuse
Section 2
This section, from "be it" to "aforesaid that" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
Section 3
This section, from "and it is" to "enacted" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
Section 4
This section, from "and it is" to "enacted" was repealed by section 1 of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1661 in law
1661 in England
Alan Daley (11 October 1927 – 2008) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Hull City, Doncaster Rovers, Scunthorpe United, Mansfield Town, Stockport County, Crewe Alexandra and Coventry City.
External links
English footballers
English Football League players
1927 births
2008 deaths
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Bangor City F.C. players
Worksop Town F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Corby Town F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Cambridge United F.C. players
Association football forwards
Bring It On is the second studio album released by American country music artist Keith Harling. Released in 1999, it is also his final studio album. Only two singles were released from it: the title track and "Santa's Got a Semi", neither of which charted in the Top 40 on the country charts. "Honey Do" was later released as a single by Mike Walker from his self-titled debut album, and "Four Walls" by Randy Travis on his album Passing Through.
Track listing
"Bring It On" (Rivers Rutherford, George Teren) – 4:21
"Honey Do" (Kent Blazy, Al Anderson, Jeffrey Steele) – 3:22
"Over You" (Skip Ewing, Donny Kees) – 3:42
"Love Without Question" (Doug Johnson, Tony Martin) – 3:35
"As If" (Ewing, Steve Diamond) – 4:21
"Easy Makin' Love" (Rutherford, Annie Tate, Sam Tate) – 3:31
"It Goes Something Like This" (Anderson, Bob DiPiero, Craig Wiseman) – 2:57
"Harmless Heart" (Kim Patton-Johnston, Liz Rose) – 3:18
"Heartaches and Honky Tonks" (Leslie Satcher, Don Poythress, Luke Wooten) – 2:49
"Four Walls" (Don Rollins, Harry Stinson, D. Vincent Williams) – 4:25
"Santa's Got a Semi" (Pat Bunch, Johnson) – 3:02
Personnel
Bruce Bouton – steel guitar
John Catchings – cello
Joe Chemay – bass guitar
David Davidson – violin
Larry Franklin – fiddle
Paul Franklin – lap steel guitar, pedal steel guitar
Steve Gibson – acoustic guitar, bass guitar, six-string bass guitar
Jackie Harling – background vocals
Keith Harling – lead vocals
Wes Hightower – background vocals
John Hobbs – piano, Hammond organ, keyboards
Paul Leim – drums, percussion
Brent Mason – electric guitar
Terry McMillan – harmonica
Russ Pahl – Dobro, autoharp
Tom Roady – percussion
Brent Rowan – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin
Biff Watson – acoustic guitar
Kris Wilkinson – viola, conductor, string arrangements
Dennis Wilson – background vocals
References
[ Bring It On] at Allmusic
1999 albums
Giant Records (Warner) albums
Keith Harling albums
Albums produced by Doug Johnson (record producer)
J. L. Smith, also known as Hualapai Smith, (1817? – January 19, 1887), a Forty-Niner, and an Arizona pioneer, a ferry and steamboat landing operator on the Colorado River, Hualapai Smith's in Sonora after 1865 into the 1870s.
Nothing is known of the date and location of his birth or his life before he came to California in 1849, nor much of his life before he came to Arizona Territory in 1862. There he earned his nickname Hualapai Smith "by being the first man to enter the Hualapai Valley."
After 1865, he acquired the site of an old ferry crossing in Sonora, that he revived and made a steamboat landing and woodyard, for the Colorado Steam Navigation Company. This place was called Hualapai Smith's or Smith's Ferry, located 30 miles below Fort Yuma and 3 miles below Pedrick's and 20 miles from Yuma.
J. L. Smith's death and a brief biography is recorded in the January 22, 1887, Arizona Sentinel of Yuma, Arizona:
"Sheriff Nugent returned from Phoenix on Thursday morning. He informs us of the death on Wednesday in the asylum, of J. L. Smith, well known throughout the Territory as "Hualapai" Smith, an appellation which he earned by being the first man to enter the Hualapai Valley. In the days of long ago he was Sheriff of Santa Barbara County California, and until about four years ago was a man of great energy. He came to the coast in '49 and for the past 25 years has resided in the Territory. One year ago he had a stroke of apoplexy which caused the loss of his mind. His age was about seventy."
References
External links
J. L. Smith, 1870s Photograph of J. L. Smith taken in the 1870s. If taken in 1870 he would 53 years old if the January 22, 1887, Arizona Sentinel is correct. From the Sharlot Hall Museum, Photograph collection, accessed June 27, 2015.
History of the American West
Colorado River
History of Arizona
History of California
History of Sonora
1817 births
1887 deaths
Tow is a surname in various cultures.
Origins
Tow may be:
A spelling, based on the pronunciations in some varieties of Chinese, of the Chinese surnames romanised in Mandarin Pinyin as Táo (), Cáo (), or Dù ()
A variant of Tough, which originated both as a nickname (from Middle English or , "steadfast") and separately as an Anglicisation of the Scottish surname Tulloch. Other variants include Towe.
Statistics
According to statistics cited by Patrick Hanks, 78 people on the island of Great Britain and none on the island of Ireland bore the surname Tow in 2011. In 1881 there had been 148 people with the surname in Great Britain, primarily at Lincolnshire, West Riding of Yorkshire, and Leicestershire.
The 2010 United States Census found 1,910 people with the surname Tow, making it the 15,355th-most-common name in the country. This represented an increase in absolute numbers, but a decrease in relative frequency, from 1,893 (14,457th-most-common) in the 2000 Census. In both censuses, about four-fifths of the bearers of the surname identified as White, and between 10% and 15% as Asian.
People
People with the surname Tow include:
Timothy Tow (; 1920–2009), Singaporean pastor
Leonard Tow (born 1928), American businessman
Eng Tow (; born 1947), Singaporean artist
Jeff Tow-Arnett (born 1986), American football fullback
Matthew J. Tow (), Australian singer
Michael Tow (), American actor, director, and producer
See also
Töws, a German surname
Isaac N'Tow (born 1994), Ghanaian footballer
References
Surnames of English origin
Surnames of Scottish origin
Chinese-language surnames
Multiple Chinese surnames
Francis Quayle (1650–1716) was an Anglican priest in Ireland.
Quayle was born in the Isle of Man and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was Prebendary of Brigown in Cloyne Cathedral and Archdeacon of Ross from 1704 holding both preferments until his death.
Notes
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Manx people
Deans of Cloyne
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
1650 births
1716 deaths
Archdeacons of Ross, Ireland
Saint Lazarus Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 1 Dimitrie Gusti Street in Iași, Romania. It is dedicated to Lazarus of Bethany and to Catherine of Alexandria.
The first church on the site was built of wood in 1703-1704 and was dedicated to Lazarus. Its ktitor was Prince Mihai Racoviță. Located near the princely customs house and close to Racoviță's family homes, it was situated atop a hill which at the time adjoined the eastern edge of the city. Its location gave it the nickname of Customs House Church (Biserica de la Vamă). It is mentioned in the chronicle of Ion Neculce, and in several documents of the 18th century. The church was burned by the Ottomans. It was rebuilt in brick, on a stone foundation, in 1785, the new ktitors being Sandu and Luca Grigorie. The same year, it was turned into a monastery dedicated to the Holy Sepulchre. Greek monks moved in, building residences and cells on the ruins of the Racoviță properties. The Greeks also brought relics of Saint Charalambos, Theodore Stratelates and a Saint Michael; these are kept today in the nave, in a silvered box with Greek inscriptions. There is a piece of the True Cross in the altar. Outside the church, near the north wall, there is a marble gravestone inscribed in the Romanian Cyrillic alphabet.
The church burned around 1822 and was repaired by Luca Grigorie working with one Sandu; they fixed the roof, siding and adjoining buildings. In 1863, following the secularization of monastic estates in Romania, the monastery was closed, its properties seized, and the Greek monks departed. It became a filial holding of the Barnovschi Church and was subsidized by Iași City Hall. According to historian N. A. Bogdan, at the beginning of the 20th century, the remains of walls and foundations belonging to the Racoviță properties were still visible. The church suffered serious damage during the 1940 Vrancea earthquake and the 1977 Vrancea earthquake; it underwent major repairs in 1967, during the 1980s and from 2006 to 2009. As a result of construction in the surrounding area between 1977-1987, excavations were performed that unearthed several hundred human skeletons. These were later reburied.
The shape of the church is rectangular, with a semicircular altar wall. The interior has a foyer, vestibule, nave and altar; the foyer is lower and separated from the vestibule by several steps. The vestibule features a lengthy list of the church's benefactors. The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1785
Franz Ignaz Beck (20 February 1734 – 31 December 1809) was a German violinist, composer, conductor and music teacher who spent the greater part of his life in France, where he became director of the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux. Possibly the most talented pupil of Johann Stamitz, Beck is an important representative of the second generation of the so-called Mannheim school. His fame rests on his 24 symphonies that are among the most original and striking of the pre-Classical period. He was one of the first composers to introduce the regular use of wind instruments in slow movements and put an increasing emphasis on thematic development. His taut, dramatic style is also remarkable for its employment of bold harmonic progressions, flexible rhythms and highly independent part writing.
Life
Youth in Mannheim 1734–1754
Born in Mannheim, Beck began his violin studies with his father, Johann Aloys Beck (died 1742), an oboist and rector of the Choir School at the Palatinate Court in Mannheim. He also learned double bass and organ, among other instruments, and eventually came under the tutelage of Johann Stamitz, the director of instrumental music and leader of the brilliant Mannheim court orchestra. Beck's talents were quickly recognized and Elector Charles Theodore of the Palatinate, undertook responsibility for his education. As a youth Beck was very much in favour with the Mannheim court and named chamber virtuoso of the Prince elector.
Violinist in Venice and Naples 1755–1757
His time in Mannheim came to an abrupt end when he - seemingly fatally - wounded an opponent in a duel (allegedly because of jealousy), an act that forced him to leave Germany. It is hard to ascertain whether this is really what happened or just a Berlioz-like cloak and dagger story. The only source for this tale is Beck's pupil Henri Blanchard who published this account in a biography of his former teacher in the Revue et Gazette musicale de Paris (1845). According to Blanchard, Beck's opponent had only feigned his death, but Beck was not to learn this for several years.
When Beck's six symphonies, Op. 3, were published in Paris several years later in 1762 the edition bore this title:
SEI SINFONIE / A PIÙ STROMENTI / Composte / Dal Sigr. FRANCESCO BECK / Virtuoso di Camera di Sua / A. S. L'ELECTOR PALATINO, / & Actualmente Primo Violino / d'ell Concerto di Marsilia. /OPERA TERZA. /...Chez Mr. Venier...'
From this it is sometimes inferred that the story of Beck fighting a duel was probably a hoax. If Beck, so the reasoning goes, had in all truth been forced to flee from the Mannheim court because he had killed someone in a duel, then he would not have possessed the audacity to openly advertise the fact that he used to be a chamber virtuoso with exactly the same court. However, seen from another angle this might corroborate the truth of Blanchard's story. If Beck had indeed not killed the other man and he knew by then that everything had been a vicious prank and his opponent alive, then the story might be true after all.
Whatever the circumstances of his departure, from Mannheim Beck made his way to Venice, where he appeared as a violinist and studied composition with Baldassare Galuppi. Galuppi, whose name as a composer has faded over the centuries, was between 1750 and 1765 the most performed opera composer in Europe. In Mannheim he was especially well known. Several of his operas (16 all together) were staged at Mannheim in the middle of the 18th century. Thus, Galuppi would have known Mannheim and the fact that Mannheim had the leading orchestra in Europe. This helps to explain why Beck after his dramatic flight had probably little difficulty to establish himself in Venice and become Galuppi's pupil.
After three years in Venice he eloped to Naples with one Anna Oniga, his future wife and mother of his seven children. It seems that Beck's career as a composer started largely during his years in Italy; this may also explain why in many traits he shows himself to be quite his own man and rather independent of the typical Mannheim style.
Fame in France 1757–1760
After his sojourn in Italy, Beck moved to Marseilles, where he became concert master at the theatre orchestra. The exact date of his arrival in France is uncertain, but the performance of one of his symphonies in Paris in 1757 is documented. When Beck's Parisian publisher Venier announced the publication of Beck's Op. 3 in November 1762, he introduced Beck with these words: Actualmente Primo Violino del Concerto di Marsilia. Between 1757 and 1762, all of his 24 symphonies were published in rapid succession by Parisian firms. At least seven performances of Beck's symphonies are known to have been given in Marseilles in 1760–61.
Kapellmeister in Bordeaux 1761–1791
In 1761 Beck moved from Marseilles to Bordeaux where he became director of concerts and was appointed musical director with the dramatic company of the Marechal Duc de Richelieu, which in 1780 moved into the newly built Grand Théâtre. He also was active as organist and teacher. Among his more prominent pupils were Pierre Gaveaux, Henri Blanchard and Nicolas Bochsa. On 24 October 1774 he was appointed organist at St Seurin, Bordeaux, where his improvisatory powers won him admiration from the congregation.
By the time he was settled in Bordeaux Beck's best times as a composer were all but over. Much of what he wrote there seems to have been either lost or destroyed by Beck himself. His greatest success came in 1783 when he travelled to Paris to direct the first performance of his Stabat mater in Versailles.
As did many other composers, Beck wrote patriotic and revolutionary music during the Revolution, including a Hymne á l'Être Suprême. Nevertheless, in 1791 he got into trouble with the new authorities when through caustic remarks he openly ridiculed some overzealous partisans of the new spirit. He seems to have been a self-assured, proud and stubborn man. When he was subsequently put before a revolutionary trial in his nightshirt, he answered questions concerning his attitude towards the revolution with the exclamation: "What could I do against the revolution!?"
Last years in Bordeaux 1791–1809
Beck's fortunes declined in the aftermath of the French Revolution. Whereas in the year 1791 he was still able to pay his mother in law a pension of 400 Livres, a few years later he was barely able to support his family.
In 1806 he sent the score of his Stabat Mater with a personal dedication to Napoleon – whether out of genuine admiration or in an attempt to ingratiate himself with the great Corsican is hard to decide.
He died in Bordeaux at age 75.
Beck had six daughters, two of whom died early. His only son was commander of a French corvette during the Napoleonic wars, and was held captive by the English for a long time.
Works
Orchestral
Beck's 24 symphonies are in three movements and follow the Italian sinfonia with the customary tempi: fast-slow-fast. The Minuet, as third movement already ubiquitous in Johann Stamitz' symphonies, is omitted by Beck. According to records cited in the references below (Symphonies op. 3, Nr. 3-5. La Stagione Frankfurt, Michael Schneider, CPO|Symphonies op. 3, No. 3-5. The Seasons, Frankfurt, Michael Schneider, CPO), it seems that some symphonies do have four movements as well as a minuet; as for the symphonies of Stamitz, some do not have a minuet and have only three movements.
The symphonies Op. 1 are scored for string orchestra; in Op. 2, No. 1 (Callen 7) in addition to the strings two French horns are demanded; op. 3 and 4 are scored for oboes and horns in addition to the string quintet.
Six Symphonies Op. 1 (Callen 1–6; publ. Paris 1758)
Six Symphonies Op. 2 (Callen 7–12; publ. Paris 1760)
Six Symphonies Op. 3 (Callen 13–18; publ. Paris 1762)
Six Symphonies Op. 4 (Callen 19–24; publ. Paris 1766)
Symphonies Op. 10 (1760)
Symphonies Op. 13 (1762)
Ouverture La mort d'Orphée
Ouverture L'île déserte
Stabat Mater (1782)
Orchestra quartets
Operas
La belle jardinière (Bordeaux, August 24, 1767)
Pandora (Paris, July 2, 1789)
L'Isle déserte (1779, unperformed)
Piano or harpsichord
18 Sonatas (or Pèces) for Harpsichord or Pianoforte Op. 5 (c. 1773)
Various pieces: L'Éveillée, L'Hypolite, La Jeliote, La Résolue, La Sophie, 2 Menuets, Allegro moderato in g minor, etc.
Discography (selection)
Six Symphonies, Op. 1. New Zealand Chamber Orchestra, Donald Armstrong, Naxos 8.554071
Symphonies op. 3, Nr. 1, 2, 6. La Stagione, Frankfurt am Main, Michael Schneider, CPO
Symphonies op. 3, Nr. 3-5. La Stagione, Frankfurt am Main, Michael Schneider, CPO
Symphonies op. 4, Nr. 1-3. La Stagione, Frankfurt am Main, Michael Schneider, CPO
Symphonies. Northern Chamber Orchestra, Nicholas Ward, Naxos 8.553790 (2 symphonies by Gossec and 3 by Beck)
Notes and references
Sources
Badley, Allan. Franz Ignaz Beck - Six Symphonies, Op. 1 (CD-Booklet). Naxos Rights International Ltd., 2005.
Badley, Allan. Franz Ignaz Beck - Six Symphonies, Op. 1 (CD-Booklet). Naxos Rights International Ltd., 2005. Online version
Blume, Friedrich, Hrsg. Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart. Allgemeine Enzyklopädie der Musik. Ungekürzte elektronische Ausgabe der ersten Auflage. Kassel: Bärenreiter, 1949–1987.
Slonimsky, Nicolas, ed. Baker's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians. 5th Completely Revised Edition. New York, 1958.
Walther Killy, Rudolf Vierhaus (eds.) Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopäde (German Biographic Encyclopaedia). Bd. (Vol.) 5. K-G. 10 Bde. (Vols.) Munich: KG Saur, 1999.
Würtz, Roland, Hrsg. (ed.) Mannheim und Italien. Zur Vorgeschichte der Mannheimer. Mainz: Schott, 1984.
External links
Artaria Editions – providing orchestra scores with Callen catalogue numbers.
YouTube Ouverture La mort d'Orphée, Sinfonietta Riga Chamber Orchestra, Domas Juskys, conductor (2019)
1734 births
1809 deaths
Classical-period composers
German expatriates in France
German opera composers
Male opera composers
Musicians from Mannheim
Pupils of Johann Stamitz
German male classical composers
19th-century German male musicians
The City of London Militia Act 1662 (14 Car 2 c 3) is an Act of the Parliament of England.
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The City of London Militia Act 1662, as amended, from Legislation.gov.uk.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1662 in law
17th century in London
1662 in England
History of the City of London
John Blakeney (12 September 1756 – 23 August 1781) was an Irish Member of Parliament.
The son of Robert Blakeney, he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for the family borough of Athenry in June 1776, sitting until his death at age 24. He also served in the army as a Lieutenant in the 14th Dragoons.
References
http://thepeerage.com/p27668.htm#i276678
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
1756 births
1781 deaths
Politicians from County Galway
Irish MPs 1776–1783
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Galway constituencies
Troxy is a Grade II-listed Art Deco music venue on Commercial Road in Stepney, London. Built as a cinema in 1933, it closed in 1960 and became a training school for the London Opera Centre. In the 1980s the building was used as a bingo hall, and the Troxy was converted to a live events space in 2006. The building is considered a vital part of East London's history and was Grade II listed in 1990. It has a capacity of 3,100.
History
Opened in 1933 on the site of an old brewery, Troxy cost £250,000 to build and when it first showed films had a capacity of 3,520, making it the largest cinema in England at that time. Inside the building the cinema had luxurious seating, a revolving stage, mirror-lined restaurants and customers were served by staff wearing evening dress. To add to the sense of luxury, Troxy staff sprayed perfume during film showings. The cinema showed all the latest major releases and had a floodlit organ which rose from the orchestra pit during the interval, playing popular tunes.
Troxy was designed by George Coles, the architect of many art deco cinemas in London. The first film shown at the cinema was King Kong, which is now celebrated by graffiti on the side of the building. Big names from the film and music industry were regular sights at Troxy, with stars such as The Andrews Sisters, Gracie Fields, Petula Clark, Cliff Richard and Clark Gable visiting it.
The damage inflicted on the East End of London by the Blitz in World War II and the clearance of local slums robbed Troxy of much of its original audience as the giant cinema closed in 1960, with the last film shown on 19 November that year, featuring Donald Sinden in The Siege of Sidney Street.
Between 1960 and 1963 Troxy stood empty until the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, took over and created the London Opera Centre school for the training of opera singers and professionals, which was based there from 1963 to 1977. Its purpose was a rehearsal space, using an extended stage to create exactly the same dimensions as the Royal Opera House stage. The team made changes to the internal and basement areas of Troxy, creating multiple rooms for the orchestras to use as well as the stage. The Royal Opera House continued to use Troxy until 1990. The following year the building earned Grade II Listed status with English Heritage.
In the 1980s Mecca Bingo took over the venue and bingo sessions were held twice a day, seven days a week until 2005 when the rise of online gambling led to Mecca taking the decision to stop using the building.
Troxy today
The venue was reborn as a live events space in 2006, and has continued to be used for concerts and other events ever since, hosting prestigious awards ceremonies, gigs, film screenings including Secret Cinema screenings and sporting events. In 2013 it hosted the NME Awards, with the magazine's editor Mike Williams describing the Troxy as one of London's "oldest, coolest and most iconic venues". The same year Google chose Troxy as the venue for its annual Christmas party for 1,500 guests.
The Troxy now hosts live concerts and gigs including some of the biggest bands to play in the capital. In June 2016 Troxy hosted the annual Kerrang! Awards for the fourth consecutive year and is also regularly used for MMA fight nights. Since it reopened, Troxy has held concerts by bands such as the Jesus and Mary Chain, Flying Lotus, Jarvis Cocker, Beady Eye, Garbage, Morrissey, Doves, Pixies, City and Colour, Stereophonics, Patti Smith and Kano.
Great care was being taken to bring Troxy into the 21st century while preserving its history. The current owners have invested heavily in restoring the venue as much as possible to its original glory while making it suitable for modern audiences. Troxy was the first venue in EMEA to permanently install the JBL VTX A12 loudspeaker system.
In 2009 the Troxy screened its first film for more than 50 years, showing Secret Cinema's Bugsy Malone, complete with live music and custard pie fights. The venue marked its 80th birthday in 2013 by showing King Kong, the first film it had showed in 1933.
The venue has also hosted a number of prestigious award ceremonies and televised events with Plan B and Kylie Minogue both awarding accolades to their managers at the venue. Danny Boyle presented about the London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony with The Times at Troxy and Channel 4 hosted its Brexit debate at the venue attended by a host of celebrities including Will Self, Sandie Shaw and Sheila Hancock.
In November 2016, Troxy hosted a Brits Icon concert fronted by Robbie Williams. A new truss had to be installed above the circle to house the incoming production. This involved working with a structural engineer to test the weight load of the ceiling to make sure it could be done safely. As well as a TV audience of 2.35 million, the BRITS Icon event raised Troxy's profile in the UK music media. In 2017, Troxy was used as the filming location for Sky One's talent contest, Sing: Ultimate A cappella.
DICE has been running its ticketing operations since 30 August 2018.
The Troxy organ
One of the unique attractions of Troxy is its Wurlitzer organ, the largest Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ in Europe, which was restored to its original condition in 2015 as the culmination of a six-year project at a cost of £275,000.
The Wurlitzer has 1,728 pipes measuring between to and is housed in four separate rooms. It has four keyboards, one pedal board and 241 stop keys.
The organ was originally in the Trocadero Cinema in Elephant and Castle, the sister theatre of Troxy, which opened in 1930. It was much larger than the original Wurlitzer at Troxy, which did not survive intact after the venue closed as cinema. The Trocadero was pulled down in 1963 but the organ had been purchased by the Cinema Organ Society three years previously and escaped the demolition. It was announced it was being moved to Troxy in 2009, bringing the instrument back to the sort of venue it was originally designed for.
Rated as one of the finest in the world, the Wurlitzer's console can be moved around inside Troxy depending on the occasion. The use of the Wurlitzer is offered to anyone using the venue for their function, and special events are held so people can hear it played.
Awards
Troxy has won many awards over the years. In 2013 it was named Venue of the Year at the Eventex Awards and won bronze in the Unusual Venue category at the M&IT Awards in the same year. 2014 was a busy year for awards as Troxy was overall winner of the Eventia Best Venue Team and was named overall winner of Best Venue Team at the Live UK Music Business Awards, which it repeated in the same category in 2016.
Also in 2014 Troxy was highly commended in the Best Venue Space category at the Event Magazine Awards, an event it hosted. Troxy was a finalist for Best Venue at the Evcom Live Awards 2015, and a finalist in the Best Venue Category at the Event Production Awards in the same year.
In 2016 Troxy was awarded the Mark of Excellence in the London Venue Awards and named winners of the Best Venue Teamwork Theatre/Concert Hall at the Live UK Music Business Awards. It was also crowned Best Awards Venue at the inaugural Awards Awards. Helping make 2016 a year to remember was being names the bronze winner for Use of Venue at the EVCOM Live Awards.
In October 2017, Troxy was also crowned 'Best London Event Venue – 500 to 1,000 attendees' at the London Venue Awards.
Transport
Troxy is close to Limehouse station which is served by Docklands Light Railway (DLR) and National Rail services. c2c trains, to and from Fenchurch Street Station, to Shoeburyness and Grays in Essex stop at Limehouse. Limehouse Station is in zone two, and sits between Shadwell and Westferry stations on the DLR.
Troxy is located on the A13, also known as Commercial Road. The building is served by the following bus numbers; 15,115, 135, D3, N15, N550, N551
References
External links
Present-day Photo Gallery
Art Deco architecture in London
Former cinemas in London
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Theatres in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Stepney
Grade II listed cinemas
1933 establishments in England
1933 in London
The Lodger may refer to:
The Lodger (novel), a 1913 horror novel about a Jack the Ripper-like serial killer by Marie Adelaide Belloc Lowndes
The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog, a 1927 British silent film by Alfred Hitchcock
"The Lodger", a radio adaptation episode of Suspense
The Lodger (1932 film), a British thriller film
The Lodger (1944 film), an American horror film
The Lodger (opera), a 1960 opera by Phyllis Tate
The Lodger (2009 film), an American mystery/thriller film
The Lodger (band), an indie pop band from Leeds, England
"The Lodger" (Doctor Who), an episode of Doctor Who
See also
Lodger (disambiguation)
The Lodgers (disambiguation)
Raven Riley is an Italian American former pornographic actress, appearing online and on DVDs. Riley won the top spot on Front magazine's "Top 20 Girls of the Web" and appeared on its March 2007 cover.
Career
Riley started modeling in 2004 after first accompanying a friend to a bikini model shoot. She met Jay Man, who was a content producer, and he shot her for amateurfacials.com. Jay Man, his business partner, and Riley started a company called Third Pentacle which launched her solo website in December 2004. Riley, with partners from jaYManCash and Third Pentacle, started Evil Motion Pictures, whose goal was to break into mainstream horror movie production. Evil Motion Pictures released its first horror porn film starring Riley in November 2007, which was entitled Succubus.
In May 2008, Thomas Leach, the owner of jaYManCash, announced that the rumors that Riley was leaving the adult industry were true, saying "while no official documents have been signed, Raven has communicated that the adult industry is no longer in her future and she was going to leave the adult industry." Riley contacted XBIZ and disputed the rumors and reports: "I am still here and I'm not retired... That was false information that was given." As a result of a lawsuit, Leach took full ownership of Third Pentacle. This dispute also affected their relationship with Interactive Life Forms, the company that makes Fleshlight. Leach sued both Riley and ILF, alleging trademark infringement for continuing to use Riley's name in selling their Fleshlight. Leach settled with ILF in 2010.
Her last shoot for her site was posted in 2012, and the site was taken offline in 2014 with the page showing only a link to The Wayback Machine and their PetaBox. As of April 2018, the domain redirects to religious material. On June 3, 2016, documentary filmmaker David Pilot debuted Skin in the Game: The Raven Riley Story at the New Haven Documentary Film Festival in New Haven, Connecticut, following Raven's rise into and departure from online pornography.
Online scam
Raven Riley's photos have been used by online scammers to defraud men looking for sexual encounters through social networking sites since at least 2007.
References
External links
Living people
American female adult models
American Internet celebrities
American people of Italian descent
American pornographic film actresses
1986 births
21st-century American women
Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre (formerly known as Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre) was an amphitheatre located in Irvine, California. The establishment was built in 1980 by Irvine Meadows Partnership (with 4 local investors) and it opened in 1981. In 2016 the amphitheatre was closed and demolished. It was the largest amphitheatre in Orange County, with 10,418 reserved seats and 5,667 on the lawn. The architect was Gin Wong Associates of Los Angeles. The unique design of this venue is that it was built on a hillside so the seats have a steep slope toward the stage.
History
The site was previously part of the Lion Country Safari, one of seven such parks located in the United States. The owner of the safari park held a 29-year lease, and subleased a portion to the owners of the Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre in 1981. The safari park closed in 1984, with the owner still holding 13 years on the lease, which he then subleased to the operators of the Wild Rivers water park and the Camp Frasier (later Camp James) summer camp, which became the neighbors of the Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre. The water park and summer camp closed in 2011, with the land turned into a housing development by the Irvine Company.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were the first rock act to perform there, on September 18, 1981. They were joined onstage by surprise guest Stevie Nicks, who performed "Stop Draggin' My Heart Around" with the band.
Since 1987, the establishment has been the summer home of the Pacific Symphony Orchestra, as well as the annual KROQ Weenie Roast.
The amphitheatre was famous for hosting popular music festivals, which includes: Area2 Festival, Fishfest, Gigantour, Lilith Fair, Lollapalooza, Projekt Revolution and Uproar Festival, a benefit concert for the recently deceased Social Distortion guitarist Dennis Danell. Ozzy Osbourne recorded a performance called Speak of the Devil at the venue on June 12, 1982, for home video release in Japan; said video was eventually released on DVD in the US in 2012.
Bon Jovi performed at the Amphitheatre for three consecutive nights on their Slippery When Wet Tour, from June 20th to June 22nd 1987.
Pop superstar Michael Jackson performed three concerts at the amphitheatre November 7–9, 1988 during his Bad Tour.
Phish performed two single-night engagements there in 1999 and 2000.
Oingo Boingo would play its annual Halloween concerts here from 1986 through 1991, and one final time in 1993, before moving the remaining 1994 and 1995 shows to Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles. Live Nation (formerly SFX Entertainment) bought the lease on the Amphitheatre in 1998.
Rush performed here on June 29, 1990 for the band's Presto tour.
Tangerine Dream performed on June 6, 1986 recorded on bootleg Sonambulistic Imagery. The Smiths performed on August 28, 1986 on the band's The Queen is Dead tour.
The Grateful Dead performed at the amphitheatre fifteen times from 1983 through 1989.
Because of the 1993 opening of the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim (now Honda Center), Irvine Meadows became increasingly an alternative to the much larger Pond, in addition to being a venue for amphitheater tours.
The Eagles performed six consecutive nights from May 27–June 1, 1994, for their reunion tour entitled ‘Hell Freezes Over'. Prince and The New Power Generation performed at the amphitheatre during the Jam of the Year Tour on October 12, 1997.
Iron Maiden, Motorhead, Dio performed at the Irvine Verizon Amphitheater on August 24, 2003 while Mars was vividly visible to the audiences against the backdrop of the stage.
Dream Theater/Megadeath performed at Irvine Verizon Amphitheater on July 24, 2005.
Kelly Clarkson performed at the amphitheatre on August 1, 2006, during her Addicted Tour. Once the show was over she wrote "Irvine", a hidden track off her 2007 album My December, there at the venue.
Miley Cyrus performed at the amphitheatre in October 2008 for the promotional show of the series Hannah Montana.
Fall Out Boy performed on March 26 on their Winter is Coming Tour in 2016. Bernie Sanders hosted a political rally here on May 22, 2016.
Judas Priest played here in 1991.
The Amphitheatre was renamed to the Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre in April 2000. The 7 year sponsorship deal between Verizon Wireless and SFX Entertainment, then owner of the amphitheatre, was a multimillion-dollar contract. Verizon renewed this contract for another 7 years, extending it to 2014. It did not opt to renew a second time and the name reverted to its original "Irvine Meadows Amphitheatre" in 2015.
Gwen Stefani was the last performer for the venue on October 29 and 30, 2016.
The Irvine Company had informed the operators of the amphitheatre that the land lease would not be renewed after 2016, so the amphitheatre was closed and demolition started in November 2016, shortly after the final concert. The Irvine Company chose to build housing on the terrain, such that the entire space of the original Irvine-based Lion Country Safari Park would become a 3,700-unit housing development.
Live Nation and FivePoint built a temporary amphitheatre at the Orange County Great Park named FivePoint Amphitheatre in 2017, for a limited term of 3 years, based on the Conditional Use Permit process.
See also
List of contemporary amphitheatres
References
External links
Irvine Meadows Says Its Final Goodbyes Before Getting Demolished for Apartments - OC Weekly
Amphitheaters in California
Verizon Communications
Buildings and structures in Irvine, California
Tourist attractions in Orange County, California
Piedmont is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Protests for Special Status for Andhra Pradesh are political protests that started throughout the state of Andhra Pradesh on 26 January 2017 demanding for the 'Special Category Status' (SCS) which was promised to the state by the Congress Government during the state bifurcation.
Five YSR Congress Party MPs submitted their resignations from Parliament on the 6th of April to protest against the Central government's refusal to accord Special Category Status to Andhra Pradesh. Their resignations were accepted on 22 June 2018.
Overview
Demand
Special Category Status for Andhra Pradesh as per the promise made by Lawmakers in the parliament during State Bifurcation(to divide into two parts).
Basis
Following the bifurcation of the united state of Andhra Pradesh the residual state lost a large part of its revenue due to Hyderabad remaining as the capital of Telangana. In a debate in the Rajya Sabha on the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act on 20 February 2014, then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that SCS would be "extended to the successor State of Andhra Pradesh for a period of five years." This oral submission by the then PM has been the basis for A.P.'s claim to the status.
Legislative Status
timeline
Protests Demanding Special Category Status for Andhra Pradesh was inspired by the 2017 pro-jallikattu protests in the neighboring state of Tamil Nadu.
Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh spoke against the protests, and said that there was no need for it as the state can be benefitted with Special Package instead of Special Category.
DGP of Andhra Pradesh, N Sambasiva Rao told reporters that no permission was granted for protests at RK Beach on 26 Jan.
Hours before the proposed protest on 26 January for demanding Special Status Category to Andhra Pradesh, AP police had clamped down on the gathering of five more persons by issuing prohibitory orders under Section 144 in Vizag, Tirupati, and other proposed protest Locations.
Despite prohibitory orders scores of youth tried to reach RK beach in Vizag. Police quickly detained More than a 100 people.
Jana Sena Party chief Pawan Kalyan, YSRCP Leader Jagan Mohan Reddy, and others expressed their distress on police action over a proposed peaceful protest.
Supporters
The protests that gathered momentum on social media among students and youth just like Jallikattu Protests soon saw supporters from all quarters.
Protests
On 26 January 2017, activists staged silent protests in Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada, Guntur, Tirupati, Nellore, Anantapur, Kakinada, Rajamundry and other places across the state. Mainly youths and students participated in the protests. Prior to the day of protest, the AP Government has issued prohibitory orders. Police arrested a large number of protesters across the state for violating the order.
References
2017 protests
January 2017 events in India
Protests in India
2017 in Indian politics
History of Andhra Pradesh
Eating is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Nelly Alard, Lisa Blake Richards, Frances Bergen, Mary Crosby, Gwen Welles, Elizabeth Kemp, Marina Gregory and written and directed by Henry Jaglom.
Plot
Featuring an all-female cast, the film is set entirely inside and around a spacious house in Los Angeles. Helene is a woman turning 40 years old and her friends—who include French filmmaker Martine, house guest Sophie, and Lydia—throw her a party. But also there is Kate, a friend turning 30, and Sadie, a Hollywood film agent turning 50. So, all of Helene's, Kate's, and Sadie's friends arrive for the triple-birthday party where Martine films the events with her movie camera, as well as filming the shocking secrets revealed by Helene's mother Whitney and younger sister Nancy who confide in their interviews about their obsession with food and their roles in life.
Cast
Nelly Alard as Martine
Lisa Blake Richards as Helene (credited as Lisa Richards)
Frances Bergen as Whitney
Mary Crosby as Kate
Gwen Welles as Sophie
Elizabeth Kemp as Nancy
Marina Gregory as Lydia
Daphna Kastner as Jennifer
Marlena Giovi as Sadie
Beth Grant as Carla
Taryn Power as Anita
Catherine Genender as Lily
Hildy Brooks as Mary
Jackie O'Brien as Janet (credited as Jacqueline Woolsey)
Sherry Boucher as Maria (credited as Sherry Boucher-Lytle)
Savannah Smith Boucher as Eloise
Aloma Ichinose as Joanna
Toni Basil as Jackie
Sources
http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/19910621/REVIEWS/106210303/1023
https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/style/longterm/movies/videos/eatingnrkempley_a0a162.htm
https://www.variety.com/profiles/Film/main/125023/Eating.html?dataSet=1
1990 films
1990 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
Films featuring an all-female cast
1990 comedy films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Henry Jaglom
1990s American films
Hamburg is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee. Hamburg is located on the west bank of the Tennessee River, south of Savannah.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Tennessee populated places on the Tennessee River
The Battle of White Bird Canyon was fought on June 17, 1877, in Idaho Territory. White Bird Canyon was the opening battle of the Nez Perce War between the Nez Perce Indians and the United States. The battle was a significant defeat of the U.S. Army. It took place in the western part of present-day Idaho County, southwest of the city of Grangeville.
Prelude to war
The original treaty between the U.S. government and the Nez Perce, signed in 1855, established a reservation that acknowledged the ancestral homelands of the Nez Perce. In 1860, the discovery of gold on the Nez Perce Indian Reservation (near Pierce) brought an uncontrolled influx of miners and settlers into the area. Despite numerous treaty violations, the Nez Perce remained peaceful.
Responding to pressures to make land available to settlers, the U.S. government forced another treaty on the Nez Perce in 1863, reducing the size of the reservation by 90%. The leaders of the bands living outside the new reservation refused to sign the "steal treaty" and continued to live outside the new reservation boundaries for another fourteen years, until the spring of 1877.
In May 1877, after several attacks from the U.S. Army, the non-treaty bands moved from their homelands towards the new reservation. The Wal-lam-wat-kain (Wallowa) Band, led by Chief Joseph, lost a large number of horses and cattle crossing rivers swollen with spring runoff. Joseph's and Chief White Bird's bands eventually gathered at Tepahlewam, the traditional camping ground on the Camas Prairie at Tolo Lake to enjoy the last days of their traditional lifestyle. It was an emotional rendezvous; not all the people agreed with the course of peace and compliance.
On June 14, seventeen young men, including Wahlitits, entered the Salmon River area to seek revenge for the 1875 murder of Wahlitits' father, Tipyahlanah Siskan and others killed in the attacks. The proclaimed success of their mission roused the desire for vengeance among other warriors and resulted in more attacks on settlers in the area on June 15. At least 18 settlers were killed by the Nez Perce. Settlers sent messengers from the community of Mount Idaho to Fort Lapwai describing these events and demanding assistance from the military.
The Nez Perce at Tepahlewam were aware that Brigadier General O. O. Howard was preparing to send his soldiers against them. By June 16, the bands had moved to the southern end of White Bird Canyon, about long, wide at its maximum, and bounded by steep mountain ridges. That night, sentinels reported the approach of U.S. soldiers from the north. After much deliberation, the Nez Perce decided that they would stay at White Bird and make an effort to avoid war, but fight if they were forced to do so.
The combatants
Captain David Perry commanded Company F and Captain Joel Graham Trimble commanded Company H of the 1st Cavalry Regiment. The officers and men of the two companies totaled 106. Eleven civilian volunteers rode with the soldiers and 13 Nez Perce scouts from treaty bands had been recruited at Fort Lapwai. Nearly half the soldiers were foreign-born and most were inexperienced and inexpert horsemen and marksmen. Their horses, as well as the riders, were untrained for battle and both men and horses arrived exhausted at White Bird Canyon after a two-day ride of more than 70 miles.
The Nez Perce counted as many as 135 warriors, but they had stolen a large quantity of whiskey in their raids and, on the morning of June 17, many of the men were too drunk to fight. Only about 70 men participated in the battle. Ollokot and White Bird led roughly equal numbers of warriors. Chief Joseph may have fought in the battle, but he was not a war leader.
The Nez Perce had only 45-50 firearms, including shotguns, pistols, and ancient muskets. Some warriors fought with bows and arrows. Although the Nez Perce had no experience of war with White soldiers, their knowledge of the terrain and their superb horsemanship and well-trained Appaloosa horses were advantages. Accustomed to economy in the use of bullets in hunting, the Nez Perce were also good marksmen. They usually dismounted from their horses to fire and a fighter's horse would "stand and eat grass while his owner fought." By contrast, many U.S. Cavalry horses panicked in the battle and that panic was given as a major reason for the U.S. defeat.
Truce party
At daybreak on June 17, the Nez Perce were preparing for the expected attack. Awaiting the soldiers, 50 warriors under Ollokot deployed to a butte on the western side of the canyon and 15 warriors under Two Moons on a butte to the east, thus placing themselves on both sides of the cavalry's route down the canyon. Six Nez Perce warriors waited with a white flag to discuss a truce with the approaching soldiers.
The soldiers, civilian volunteers, and Nez Perce scouts descended into White Bird Canyon along a wagon road from the north east. An advance party, consisting of Lieutenant Edward Theller, Trumpeter John Jones, a few Nez Perce scouts employed by the Lapwai Agency, seven soldiers from Company F and civilian volunteer Arthur "Ad" Chapman made first contact with the truce party. Yellow Wolf later gave this account:
Five warriors, led by Wettiwetti Houlis...had been sent out from the other [west] side of the valley as a peace party to meet the soldiers. These warriors had instructions from the chiefs not to fire unless fired upon. Of course they carried a white flag. Peace might be made without fighting.
For reasons never fully explained, Chapman fired at the truce party. The truce party took cover and the Nez Perce returned fire.
The battle
Following the opening shots, Lieutenant Theller, in his advanced position, dismounted and deployed his men as skirmishers on top of a low ridge. Trumpeter Jones was ordered to signal a call to arms to bring all troops forward to join him. Before Jones could finish his trumpet call, he was shot from his horse by Otstotpoo, positioned more than away on a knoll to the east. Captain Perry dismounted his company and formed a skirmish line on the east side of the Theller's advance party, while Company H, led by Captain Trimble, deployed in a mounted line on the west side of Theller's position. The civilian volunteers attempted to position themselves on the low ridge line at the eastern end of the cavalry line.
Captain Perry believed his left (eastern) flank to be protected by the volunteers on the ridge from attack. From his position, Perry could not see the position of the volunteers. However, shortly after leaving the main column, the volunteers, now led by George Shearer, encountered warriors hidden in the bushes below and to the east. Shearer ordered his men to dismount and fight on foot. A few obeyed, but the majority left the battle line and fled north out of harm's way. Seeking to protect Perry's command, Shearer led his few remaining men to the top of the ridgeline. In this position, Shearer found himself between the attack on Perry's left flank led by Two Moons and the sniping fire from warriors protecting the White Bird camp.
Perry endeavored to advance to join Theller and charge the Nez Perce warriors menacing his left flank. He ordered carbines to be dropped and pistols drawn for the anticipated charge. He ordered Trumpeter Daly to sound the charge but Daly had lost his trumpet. Perry's means of communications to his troops was lost with the trumpet and the charge never materialized. Perry then determined to make a stand on the ridge line. He ordered a Number of fours which caused every fourth man to take the reins of the horses and lead them out of the line of fire into a sheltered location. Perry and the remaining soldiers of Company F then advanced on foot to the ridge line.
Meanwhile, Company H attempted to deploy at five-yard intervals along the ridge while still mounted. This proved disastrous, since the horses were flighty and the troop inexperienced and unable to shoot from the backs of their terrified horses.
Captain Perry, riding back and forth between the two companies, saw the volunteers retreating up the canyon. Several events then occurred that sealed the fate of the cavalry in the Battle of White Bird. Perry's left flank and Trimble's right flank were compromised. Captain Trimble dispatched Sergeant Michael M. McCarthy and six men to the highest point above the battle to protect his right flank. Perry also noticed the high point and attempted to send soldiers to assist McCarthy.
Retreat
Seeing further collapse of his flank, Perry tried to rally his men to advance to McCarthy's position and make a stand on the high ground about to the south. But Company F, confused and having suffering numerous casualties, misinterpreted Perry's order as a general retreat. Company H, seeing the urgent retreat of Company F, joined the flight and left McCarthy and his men stranded.
Sensing victory, Ollokot's mounted warriors chased the retreating soldiers. McCarthy, aware that he was cut off from the main detachment, galloped towards the retreating troops. Captain Trimble ordered McCarthy and his six men to return to his position in an attempt to take high ground, but Trimble could not muster any supporting troops for McCarthy's position. McCarthy and his men held off the Nez Perce briefly and then retreated, but were unable to catch up with the main body of Trimbell's company. McCarthy's horse was killed and he survived by hiding in the brush for two days and then walking to Grangeville. He received a Medal of Honor for his role in the battle.
The retreat followed two general routes. Lieutenant Parnell and Lieutenant Theller led squads in an attempt to retrace their approach towards the White Bird camp. Under fire, Theller became trapped in a steep rocky ravine and ran out of ammunition, and he and his seven men were killed by the Nez Perce. Captain Perry and Captain Trimble fled to the northwest up steep ridges. They reached the Camas Prairie on top of the ridge line and were able to regroup at Johnson's Ranch. Within minutes, Nez Perce warriors pressed the attack and the survivors continued their retreat for several miles toward Mount Idaho, where they were rescued by fresh volunteers.
Conclusion
By midmorning, 34 U.S. Cavalry soldiers had been killed and two had been wounded, while two volunteers had also been wounded in the opening of the battle. In contrast, only three Nez Perce warriors had been wounded. Some 63 carbines, many pistols, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition were picked up off the battlefield by Nez Perce warriors. These weapons greatly enhanced the Nez Perce arsenal for the remaining months of the war. Two unknown soldiers from Company F 1st US Cavalry killed in the battle are buried in Custer National Cemetery at Little Bighorn Battlefield Monument. It wasn't until June 27 that Lieutenant Theller's body was found and buried, ten days after he had fallen in the battle. The remains of many of the U.S. Troopers were missing for several days as the dead had fallen over a stretch of land. Due to the state of decomposition of the dead, the soldiers detailed to bury those dead were required to bury the corpses where they had fallen rather than a mass grave.
The battle in White Bird Canyon was a lopsided victory for the Nez Perce. Outnumbered two to one and fighting uphill with inferior weapons, the Nez Perce used their fighting skills to win the first battle of the Nez Perce War.
Following the battle, the Nez Perce crossed to the east bank of the nearby Salmon River and when General Howard arrived several days later with more than 400 men they taunted him and his soldiers from their side of the river. The Nez Perce, who then numbered about 600 men, women, and children, were expert at river crossings even though accompanied by the elderly, women and children, tipis, personal possessions, and 2,000 horses and other livestock. Howard managed only with difficulty to cross the Salmon with his men to confront the Nez Perce, but rather than fight Howard's superior force, the Indians quickly recrossed the river, leaving Howard stranded on the opposite bank and gaining a head start in their flight to elude the U.S. army.
Battlefield
The White Bird Battlefield is a area which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Part or all of it is included in the Nez Perce National Historical Park.
In popular culture
The Battle of White Bird Canyon is mentioned in the song "The Heart of the Appaloosa" by Fred Small.
References
External links
Nez Perce National Historical Park
Wild West magazine, The Battle of White Bird Canyon: First Fight of the Nez Perce - accessed 25 Jul 2014
WildWest Magazine, The Battle of White Bird Canyon - No longer available as of 26 July 2012
Bibliography
Greene, Jerome A. (2000). A Nez Perce Summer 1877. Helena: Montana Historical Society Press. Accessed 27 Jan 2012
Hampton, Bruce (1994). Children of Grace: The Nez Perce War of 1877. New York: Henry Holt and Company.
1877 in the United States
White Bird Canyon
Idaho Territory
Protected areas of Idaho County, Idaho
Nez Perce National Historical Park
1877 in Idaho Territory
June 1877 events
Conflict sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Idaho
White
This is a list of songs about Cork, city and county, Ireland.
"The Armoured Car" - about a famous greyhound owned by Con Doyle.
"I Never Left Cork City" A song about the love for Cork Ciy Tim Martin O'Leary
"The Blarney Stone" a song about getting the gift of the gab by Tim Martin O'Leary
"In Cork" Funny Song by Tim Martin O'Leary
"Macroom the town that never reared a fool" Song by Tim Martin O'Leary
"We love Kinsale" All about the battle of Kinsale in 1601 Song by Tim Martin O'Leary
"The Liffey and the Lee" A man from Cork in love with a Dublin woman by: Tim Martin O'Leary
"Sophie" Song about an unsolved murder in West Cork Song by Tim Martin O'Leary
"Three Cheers for Ballymartle" a song about a winning hurling team from Ballymartle Club by Tim Martin O'Leary
"This Thing's a loada ball's" A song about a west Cork Pyramid Scam by Tim Martin O'Leary
"Pollution Man" a song about all the chemical companies in Cork by Tim Martin O'Leary
"The Michael Buckley Song" a song about a champion accordion player in Cork by Tim Martin O'Leary
"I believe in Santa Claus Tonight" an Irish Christmas song by Tim Martin O'Leary
"An Poc ar Buile" (associated with the singer Seán Ó Sé)
"The Banks of My Own Lovely Lee" - the Cork anthem
"Beautiful City"
"The Bold Christy Ring" - song about Cork hurler Christy Ring to the tune of Bold Thady Quill
"Bold Thady Quill" - a Cork song written about 1895 by Johnny Tom Gleeson (1853–1924)
"The Boys of Fairhill" - popular Cork song, original version by Con Doyle, recorded by Jimmy Crowley.
"The Boys from Rebel Cork"
"The Boys of Kilmichael" Song about the Kilmichael Ambush 28 November 1920
"The Boys of Crossbarry" song about the Crossbarry Ambush 19 March 1921
"The Boys of the County Cork" - written by Tom Murphy.
"The Brave Fighting Men of Crossbarry", written by Tim O'Riordan.
"City by the Lee"
"Come up to Gurrane, Lizzie Windsor"- written by Tim O'Riordan of Natural Gas on the occasion of Queen Elizabeth II's visit to Ireland in 2011
"Cottage by the Lee" - written by songwriter Dick Farrelly.
"De Groves ov de Pool"
"The Night the Goat Broke Loose on Grand Parade" - a Cork song from the 1930s, recorded by Dick Hogan (on Wonders of the World).
"Johnny Don't go to Ballincollig" - written and recorded by John Spillane
"Johnny Jump Up" - about a strong cider available during the war-time years, written by Tadgh Jordan in 1934, recorded by Jimmy Crowley.
"The Lonely Woods of Upton" - ballad about the Upton Train Ambush, a hit for Seán Dunphy in 1969.
"Lovely City by the Lee",1981. Written by David McCarthy, a.k.a.. Rocky Stone. Recorded by Billa O'Connell and John Bennet
"Magic Nights in the Lobby Bar" - written and recorded by John Spillane
" Old Red Jack" written by Tim O'Riordan about Seán Dearg Nash, an infamous character who lived at the mill in Brinny.
"The Píobaire Bán", written by Tim O'Riordan- about the piper Peter Hagerty of Caheragh parish.
"The Piper of Crossbarry", written by the Kerry writer, Bryan McMahon: air: Down by the Tanyard Side
"Sailing to Barbary" written by Tim O'Riordan about the Sack of Baltimore.
"Salonika" - there were two Cork songs with this title about the Irish serving in the British Army in the First World War, one for and one against. Jimmy Crowley collected the verses in his version from Mrs Ronayne of Cork.
"A Song For Christy Ring" - another song about Cork hurler Christy Ring by Bryan MacMahon (writer) to the air of "Dear Old Skibbereen"
"Song for Churchtown"
"The Wild Bar-A-Boo" - song by Johnny Tom Gleeson about the Muskerry fox chase.
"Skibbereen"
"Youghal Harbour”
“Rebels”
See also
Music of Ireland
References
External links
Jimmy Crowley web site
Irish styles of music
Cork
Cork
Cork
The short-tailed parrotbill (Neosuthora davidiana) is a species of bird in the family Paradoxornithidae.
It is found in China, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321; in del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
short-tailed parrotbill
short-tailed parrotbill
Birds of South China
Birds of Laos
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Yunnan
short-tailed parrotbil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Prince of Yulin may refer to:
Xiao Zhaoye (473–494), Liang dynasty emperor
Li Ke (619–653), Tang dynasty prince
Geoffrey Gowan, CM, (November 2, 1929 – May 16, 2013) was Canadian sports broadcaster for the CBC and a sport executive at Coaching Association of Canada. He died at the age of 83 after battling with Parkinson's disease since 1996.
Biography
Gowan was born in Ravenglass, Cumbria, England. Leaving Loughborough Colleges, where he was a lecturer for the United States]in 1965 to obtain an M.Sc. from Purdue University, a Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Whilst at Loughborough he brought the fundamentals of track and field to all students with his lively instruction and the use of key phrases. He coached the track and field team of the mid-sixties working alongside Basil Stamatakis. His North American coaching career began as a professor and athletics coach at McMaster University in 1968. He became the technical director and president of CAC from 1972 to 1996.
Cultural impact
The Geoff Gowan Award recognizes the lifetime achievements of Canadian coaches by the Coaching Association of Canada.
References
1929 births
2013 deaths
British emigrants to Canada
Canadian sports announcers
Neurological disease deaths in Canada
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
People from Ravenglass
Purdue University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
McMaster University faculty
Plasmodium pinotti is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
Like all Plasmodium species P. pinotti has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Description
The parasite was first described by Muniz and Soares in 1954. It was named after Mario Pinotti.
Geographical occurrence
This species is found in Jamaica.
Clinical features and host pathology
Known hosts of this species include the bananaquit (Coereba flaveola), orangequit (Euneornis campestris), yellow-shouldered grassquit (Loxipasser anoxanthus), large toucan (Ramphastos toco) and black-faced grassquit (Tiaris bicolor).
References
pinotti
Parasites of birds
Ulam's game, or the Rényi–Ulam game, is a mathematical game similar to the popular game of twenty questions. In Ulam's game, a player attempts to guess an unnamed object or number by asking yes–no questions of another, but one of the answers given may be a lie.
introduced the game in a 1961 paper, based on Hungary's Bar Kokhba game, but the paper was overlooked for many years.
rediscovered the game, presenting the idea that there are a million objects and the answer to one question can be wrong, and considered the minimum number of questions required, and the strategy that should be adopted. gave a survey of similar games and their relation to information theory.
See also
Knights and Knaves
References
Mathematical games
Information theory
Guessing games
COE or Coe may refer to:
Organizations
Center of excellence
NATO Centres of Excellence
Chamber Orchestra of Europe, based in London, England
Church of Euthanasia, an American religious organization
Council of Europe, an international organization
Council on Occupational Education, in the U.S.
Odinist Community of Spain – Ásatrú (Spanish: Comunidad Odinista de España), a neopagan organization in Spain
Spanish Olympic Committee (Spanish: Comité Olímpico Español)
United States Army Corps of Engineers, a U.S. federal agency
Places
United Kingdom
Coe Fen, south of Cambridge, England
Glen Coe, Scotland
River Coe, Scotland
United States
Coe Township, Rock Island County, Illinois
Coe, Indiana, an unincorporated community
Coe, Kentucky, an unincorporated community
Coe Township, Michigan
Coe, West Virginia, an unincorporated community
Mount Coe, Maine
Coe Hill, a mountain in New York State
Coe Glacier, Oregon
Transportation
Cab Over Engine, a body style of truck, bus or van
Coe Rail, Inc., a former rail line in Michigan, U.S.
The IATO airport code for Coeur d'Alene Airport, Idaho, U.S
The ICAO airline code for Comtel Air of Austria
The National Rail station code for Coombe Junction Halt railway station, Cornwall, UK
Certificate of Entitlement, a Singapore vehicle licence
People
Coe (surname), including a list of people with the name
Coe (given name), including a list of people with the name or nickname
Other uses
Coe College, a private liberal arts college in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, U.S.
Computer engineering (abbreviated CoE)
Contingent owned equipment, owned by UN member states to peacekeeping missions
Consistent or common operating environment, or Standard Operating Environment, for software
coe, ISO 639-3 code for the Koreguaje language of Colombia
See also
Council of Elders (disambiguation)
Church of England, or C of E
Coe House (disambiguation)
Coe Memorial Park, Torrington, Connecticut
Coes, a given name and a surname
William Sheldon may refer to:
William Sheldon (died 1570), MP for Worcestershire (UK Parliament constituency)
William Wallace Barbour Sheldon (1836–1915), American architect
William B. Sheldon (1805-1847), American politician and lawyer
William Herbert Sheldon (1898–1977), American psychologist
William Sheldon (Irish politician) (1907–1999), Irish Clann na Talmhan/Independent politician
The Victoria Park Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, in eastern Australia. The sub-tropical jungle remnant is located an undulating high rainfall plain near . The red-brown soil is derived from a basaltic flow from the nearby Mount Warning. Of the total land in the reserve, is original rainforest; and the other areas are being re-vegetated.
Features and location
The reserve is one of a few small nature reserves including the Andrew Johnston Big Scrub, Hayters Hill, Davis Scrub, Boatharbour and Wilsons Peak flora and nature reserves that conserve rainforests typical of the once extensive Big Scrub. The Big Scrub comprised of lowland subtropical rainforest which was largely cleared for agriculture in the late 19th century.
Victoria Park is a popular area for picnics and barbecues. There is wheelchair access, a wooden boardwalk, pit toilets, tables, gas barbecues and information boards.
In this small area, a large diversity of flora exists. 82 tree species are included amongst the 152 plant species. Many types of vines, smaller plants and fungi grow here. Most of the animals are nocturnal, though red-legged pademelons are sometimes seen on the edges of the grassy area. Rainforest pigeons such as the wompoo fruit dove are often heard, but rarely seen. Land mullets may be heard crawling on the rainforest floor.
Significant rainforest tree species include Moreton Bay fig, strangler fig, long jack, black bean, white booyong, red bean and bumpy ash. Other notable species include white bean, macadamia, yellow kamala and the rare Baloghia marmorata.
A tourist attraction in the early 20th century was a giant Moreton Bay fig, around tall. Allegedly sighted by Captain Cook from HMS Endeavour in 1770. The tree was damaged by a storm in 1970 and died soon afterwards.
Re-vegetation of the previously cleared farmland is under progress. However, the removal of original jungle vegetation has caused a lack of soil nutrients. Despite this, wildlife corridors are slowly being created to link other nearby rainforest remnants.
See also
Protected areas of New South Wales
References
External links
Nature reserves in New South Wales
Forests of New South Wales
Northern Rivers
Protected areas established in 1975
1975 establishments in Australia
Adolph Joseph Maria Bermbach (14 December 1822 – 14 March 1875) was a German lawyer and revolutionary who worked in Cologne. Bermbach, a member of the Communist League, was a correspondent of Karl Marx and kept him abreast of anti-communist trials in Cologne after Marx had moved to London. Bermbach also was a witness for the defence at that the Cologne Communist Trial.
He studied legal science in Bonn from 1841 to 1844. Later he worked as a notary.
References
1822 births
1875 deaths
German revolutionaries
Members of the Frankfurt Parliament
Mattar Bin Lahej (born 1968) is an Emirati painter, photographer and sculptor from Dubai. He founded Marsam Mattar, the first art gallery in the United Arab Emirates to be managed by an artist.
Group exhibitions
2015 Sikka Art Fair, Dubai,UAE
2013 Emirati Expressions, Saadiyat Island, UAE
2012 Liquid Identity, Venice, Italy
2012 Signature, Manama, Bahrain
2012 First impression, Ludhiana,India
2011 Art Dubai, Dubai,UAE
2010 Acela Festival, Morocco
2010 Washington DC, USA
2009 Art Abu Dhabi, UAE
2009 Emirati Expressions, Saadiyat Island, UAE
1996 Sharjah Biennial, Sharjah, UAE
Solo exhibitions
2012 Index, Dubai, UAE
2011 Index, Dubai, UAE
2010 Contemporary Istanbul, Turkey
2009 UAE Cultural Days, Germany
2009 " Movement of stillness” Mattar Gallery, Dubai.
2008 “Abu Dhabi in colors" Fair ground, Abu Dhabi
See also
List of Arab artists
List of Emirati artists
References
Emirati contemporary artists
Emirati photographers
Emirati sculptors
1968 births
Living people
People from Dubai
The People's Front (, abbreviated FREPU) was a political coalition in Argentina, formed ahead of the 1985 parliamentary election. FREPU consisted of the Communist Party of Argentina, Movement for Socialism and a small group of Peronist trade unionists. FREPU obtained around 350,000 votes.
References
Communist Party of Argentina
Defunct political party alliances in Argentina
The meridian 48° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Madagascar, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 48th meridian east forms a great circle with the 132nd meridian west.
From Pole to Pole
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 48th meridian east passes through:
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
! scope="col" width="115" | Co-ordinates
! scope="col" | Country, territory or sea
! scope="col" | Notes
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Arctic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Alexandra Land, Franz Josef Land
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Barents Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Cambridge Channel
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Zemlya Georga, Franz Josef Land
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Barents Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just west of the island of Kolguyev,
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|Passes through the center of the city of Astrakhan, Russia
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Caspian Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| The meridian runs parallel to the border with Iran, which is about 3km to the east
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Persian Gulf
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Kuwait Bay
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Passing through Kuwait City
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Gulf of Aden
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just east of Astove Island,
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Southern Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" | Antarctica
| Australian Antarctic Territory, claimed by
|-
|}
See also
47th meridian east
49th meridian east
e048 meridian east
The songlarks are a pair of species of birds in the family Locustellidae. Most taxonomists place them together with the thicketbirds in the genus Cincloramphus. They are alternatively placed in the genus Megalurus.
There are two species:
Brown songlark (Cincloramphus cruralis)
Rufous songlark (Cincloramphus mathewsi)
Both are endemic to Australia.
Cincloramphus
Bird common names
The Bank Employees' Union () was a trade union representing workers in the banking industry in Finland.
The union was founded in 1968, when the Bankers' Union merged with the Savings Bank Employees' Union. It affiliated to Confederation of Salaried Employees (TVK). The TVK went bankrupt in 1992, and the union transferred to the Finnish Confederation of Professionals. By 1998, it had 39,300 members.
In 1998, the union changed its name to Trade Union Direct. The Federation of Employees in State-Owned Corporations merged into the union in 1999. In 2011, the union merged with the Union of Salaried Employees, to form Trade Union Pro.
External links
References
Trade unions established in 1968
Trade unions disestablished in 2011
Trade unions in Finland
Finance sector trade unions
Denisovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 108 as of 2002.
Geography
Denisovskaya is located 27 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Krivosheinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = AbsolutePunk
| rev1score = 50%
| rev2 = AllMusic
| rev2score =
| rev3 = Kerrang!| rev3score =
}}Dying Is Your Latest Fashion is the debut studio album by American rock band Escape the Fate, released on September 26, 2006, through Epitaph Records. The origin of the album's title comes from a line in the chorus of the song "Situations". It contains nine new songs plus two songs taken from There's No Sympathy for the Dead. "Not Good Enough for Truth in Cliché" and "Situations" were released as singles, with music videos being made for both. It is the only full-length album and second release with original singer and founding member Ronnie Radke, who would later be incarcerated and eventually become the frontman of his own band, Falling in Reverse, after getting kicked out of Escape the Fate. It is also the last release to feature rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa and keyboardist/vocalist Carson Allen, as he would depart before the release of the album and was thus uncredited. As of March 23, 2021, drummer Robert Ortiz is the only member of the band's original lineup, as both Monte Money and Max Green had left the band in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Mandy Murders, who had in the past dated Ronnie Radke, modeled for the album's cover art.
Promotion and release
Escape the Fate released the song "Not Good Enough for Truth in Cliché" as the first single and later released the song "Situations" as the second single on November 20, 2007, on iTunes, which included "Situations", its video, and the B-side "Makeup" which was previously only available on the Japanese version of Dying Is Your Latest Fashion.
"There's No Sympathy for the Dead" and "The Guillotine" were first released in the band's There's No Sympathy for the Dead EP.
"The Webs We Weave" was supposed to be the band's third single on the album but was never released due to Ronnie Radke's departure.
"Reverse This Curse" was never released as a single but appeared in the soundtrack of Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam and on the Warped Tour 2007 Tour Compilation album.
Following the release of the album, Radke was put on probation for narcotics charges and later violated probation when he was involved in an altercation resulting in the death of 18-year-old Michael Cook. Radke pleads guilty to battery charges and was sent to prison for two years, leading Escape the Fate to hire Craig Mabbitt as their temporary lead singer. Mabbit would later become the permanent lead singer and be featured in the band's subsequent studio albums.
In celebration of the album's 10th anniversary, Falling in Reverse played every song from the album during their tour "Ronnie Radke's Three Ring Circus" in 2015.
Commercial performance Dying Is Your Latest Fashion sold 4,100 copies in its first week, which according to Robert Ortiz was the fastest-selling album for a new artist on Epitaph. As of 2011, the album has sold 168,000 copies.
Track listing
PersonnelDying Is Your Latest Fashion album personnel as listed on AllMusic.
Escape the Fate
Ronnie Radke – lead vocals, additional guitars
Max Green – bass, co-lead vocals
Monte Money – lead guitar, backing vocals
Omar Espinosa – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Robert Ortiz – drums, backing vocals
Production
Ryan Baker – producer
Michael Baskette – producer, mixing, audio production
Marlene Guidara – photography
Dave Holdredge – engineer, mixing
Jef Moll – digital editing
Nick Pritchard – art direction, design
Mandy Murders – artwork model
Additional musicians
Carson Allen – keyboards, piano, synthesizer, programming, additional guitar, vocals (uncredited)
Michael Baskette – keyboards
Karen Schielke – programming
Jeff Moll – programming
Dave Holdredge – cello
Chart positions
Usage in media
"Reverse This Curse" is included in the soundtrack of Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam''.
References
2006 debut albums
Escape the Fate albums
Epitaph Records albums
Albums produced by Michael Baskette
Eric Baković is a linguist and professor in the Department of Linguistics at the University of California, San Diego with a specialization in phonology. He is also affiliated with the Center for Research on Language (CRL), the Interdisciplinary Program in Cognitive Science, and the Center for Iberian and Latin American Studies (CILAS). He earned his BA in 1993 in linguistics from the University of California, Santa Cruz and completed his PhD under the supervision of Alan Prince at Rutgers in 2000 (with the dissertation Harmony, Dominance and Control).
Baković has made contributions to the study of phonology in Optimality Theory (OT), particularly in the areas of assimilation, opacity, and efforts to replace rule-ordering systems with ones that comply with the monostratal architecture of OT.
He was an occasional contributor to the Language Log from 2004 to 2017 and was the recipient of a UCSD Distinguished Teaching Award in 2006. He also managed the Rutgers Optimality Archive from 1996 to 2014.
See also
Vowel harmony
References
External links
Eric Baković's webpage
Linguists from the United States
Phonologists
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
University of California, San Diego faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
(George) William Michael Chubb, 4th Baron Hayter (born 9 October 1943), is a British businessman. He is the son of George Chubb, 3rd Baron Hayter (1911–2003), and the great-great-great grandson of Charles Chubb (1772–1845), who had founded Chubb and Sons Lock and Safe Co.
Business career
Chubb, known as Bill, joined the family business in 1967 as assistant to the managing director of Chubb Australia in Sydney. After six months he returned to the UK and over the next four years he worked in Wolverhampton with various departments including Production Control and Chubb Research before his appointment as managing director of Chubb Malaysia/Singapore in 1972. He returned to Sydney in 1979, this time as Managing Director of Chubb Australia. In 1983 he moved to the Chubb Group Head Office in Feltham, Middlesex as Director of Business Development, Physical Security, just one year before the acquisition of Chubb by Racal Electronics. He left Racal – Chubb in 1988.
Since 1991 he has held directorships with United Electronic Lock Services Limited.
Personal life
Chubb was educated at Marlborough College, Marlborough, Wiltshire, and Nottingham University, graduating with a BSc. He married Waltraud Flackl, daughter of J. Flackl of Sydney, on 8 January 1983. They have one son. Chubb succeeded to the title of 4th Baron Hayter, of Chislehurst in the County of Kent, on the death of his father on 2 September 2003.
Notes
1943 births
People educated at Marlborough College
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Businesspeople from London
Living people
Dehuiyeh (, also Romanized as Dehūīyeh; also known as Dehūeeyeh) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 326, in 69 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Freshwater is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Jurassic World Dominion (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score album to the 2022 film of the same name composed by Michael Giacchino. The sixth film in the Jurassic Park franchise, it is also the sequel to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (2018) and the final film in the Jurassic World trilogy, while also serving as a conclusion to the storyline started in the original Jurassic Park trilogy. It is directed by Colin Trevorrow, who co-wrote the script with Emily Carmichael and story with Derek Connolly, and produced by Frank Marshall and Patrick Crowley, who also produced the predecessors, with Steven Spielberg, who directed Jurassic Park (1993), served as the executive producer.
Giacchino recorded the score within 10 days, at Abbey Road Studios in London during April–May 2021. The supervision of the track was remotely done through online due to COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. As with his previous Jurassic World scores, Giacchino incorporated John Williams' Jurassic Park theme into the score. The album was released digitally in Dolby Atmos by Back Lot Music on June 3, 2022. It is further scheduled for a physical release on June 24, and a vinyl edition published by Mondo on August 12.
Development
In March 2020, Michael Giacchino, who scored the previous Jurassic World films was announced as the composer for Jurassic World Dominion. Recording of the score took place at England's Abbey Road Studios over a 10-day period during late-April and early-May 2021. It was remotely done with an 100-member orchestra with director Colin Trevorrow supervising the music sessions online, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Giacchino shared several behind-the-scenes pictures and videos from the recording session, to anticipate fans about the score. A set of musical themes, were created using MIDI so that "it does not feel the way the orchestra play it".
The score mixing was done in California. Similar to previous installments from the Jurassic World franchise, the Jurassic Park theme by John Williams is featured in the score. During the scoring sessions, Giacchino teased cue "2m19a: Alan For Granted" confirming the possibilities of a separate theme for Alan Grant who re-appears in Dominion. Despite being the lead role in the original Jurassic Park trilogy, Williams did not compose a principal theme or leitmoif for the character while Don Davis used the Jurassic Park theme to represent Grant's character in his score for Jurassic Park III. Following the character's return to the franchise in Dominion, Giacchino decided to compose a theme for the character. The track was named as "A Sattler Slate of Affairs/Alan for Granted/Sattler? I Barely Knew Her" (the eighth track in the film score). The score was conducted by Cliff Masterson, Ludwig Wicki and Alfonso Casado with orchestrations provided by Jeff Kryka, Curtis Green, Mick Giacchino and Jennifer Dirkes.
Promotion and release
A two-and-a-half minute track "Da Plane and Da Cycle" (the 15th track in the album) was released exclusively on May 25, 2022. Collider.com reviewed that "Giacchino blends his usual lush orchestration with some unexpected electronic touches, making for an energetic introduction to his new score. And while it doesn't tip its hat to the iconic Jurassic Park theme, it does conclude on a familiar note." The score album featuring 32 tracks was released by Back Lot Music digitally on June 3, 2022, and physically released in digipak CDs on June 24. Unlike the digital album, the track list for the digipak CD release had 10 tracks excluded from the album, finalising 22 tracks being packaged for the physical formats.
In mid-June 2022, Mondo officially announced that, it would market the vinyl edition of the soundtrack (pressed on a 2-disc 180-gram color and black vinyl); several posters featuring the artwork from Mondo's creative team were exclusively made available on its website, and it is priced from $50 to $75. The vinyl soundtracks were released on August 12, 2022.
Track listing
All music composed by Michael Giacchino.
Reception
Giacchino's score received mixed to positive response from critics. Classic FM wrote "The bombastic nature of the music is what we've come to expect from Giacchino, and the underlying fantastical nature of the score easily transports the listener into this alternative world where dinosaurs run free." Zanobard Reviews gave 8/10 to the score saying "Michael Giacchino's score for Jurassic World Dominion closes the musical book on the iconic dinosaur franchise in the best way possible really, bringing pretty much all of the established Giacchino and most of Williams' thematic material together with now even more new themes, resulting in an expansive orchestral tapestry that manages to stay entertaining pretty much throughout it's entire two hour runtime, which is no easy feat." James Southall of Movie Wave wrote "Giacchino clearly thrives on working on big franchises and it's so good that he's had the chance to see this sequel trilogy through. He also clearly loves writing this kind of monster music and this score features an absolute load of that. While the released lengthy album doesn't really do the score justice, there's no doubt how good it is at its peak and you don't really need to cut all that much out to enjoy it to its fullest potential."
Music critic Jonathan Broxton wrote: "The score for Jurassic World: Dominion is long, more than an hour and 40 minutes, but it's one of those rare long scores that never runs out of steam or feels padded with filler. The narrative development of the score is such that no moments ever feel wasted or superfluous; the progression of the themes in a dramatic sense is excellent, especially the way the Biosyn theme gradually leaves it's ‘ooh-aah' initial feeling as the protagonists fly over the mountains, and becomes more sinister as Dodgson's plans are revealed; conversely, the way the Fallen Kingdom theme gradually becomes redemptive for Dr Wu feels like vindication for the man whose genetic experiments caused all this mayhem in the first place, but who eventually turns to to[sic] be the man who will save the world." Filmtracks.com wrote "So much of Jurassic World: Dominion is generically rhythmic, even its heightened action material, that it really doesn't fit comfortably with its sibling scores. Suspense passages are often mundane and do too little to smartly exercise melodic constructs in conflict. The shift to electronic snazziness for chasing scenes is not a deal-breaker, but it seems beneath this franchise."
Gisanne Sophia of Marvelous Geeks Media wrote "The Jurassic World Dominion original score is effortlessly transportive to keep in the background, and whether you've ever watched one of the films or not, you could (and should) still listen to the score. Where the film dives into nostalgic elements while propelling audiences to look towards the present, the music beautifully touches on the heart of the film. And while this is done throughout the entirety of the album, how the final song acts as a culmination of new and old is utterly masterful and goosebumps evoking. These very tracks could transport listeners towards places they might not have otherwise ventured to, and that's where a majority of its charm lies." Scott Mendelson of Forbes called Giacchino's score as "haunting, especially during this brief digression". Mark Kermode of The Guardian said "As for composer Michael Giacchino, he seems to have the mundane measure of it all, trowelling on the “piano-says-sad/strings-say-exciting” motifs in solidly indifferent workaday fashion" and Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com opined that Giacchino's score "pours on sinister Arabic-African "exotic" cliches".
Chart performance
Release history
References
2022 soundtrack albums
Back Lot Music soundtracks
Adventure film soundtracks
Jurassic Park film scores
Michael Giacchino soundtracks
2020s film soundtrack albums
William Field (born 1952) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer. At club level he played with St Michael's and at inter-county level was a member of the Cork senior football team.
Career
Field enjoyed his first successes, not as a Gaelic footballer but as a hurling goalkeeper with the Blackrock minor team that won Cork MHC titles in 1968 and 1969. He also played as a schoolboy with Coláiste Chríost Rí and was part of the school team that won a Corn Uí Mhuirí-Hogan Cup double in 1970. He was later a member of the University College Cork team that beat University College Galway to win the Sigerson Cup title in 1972. Field first appeared on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor football team in 1970. He later appeared with the under-21 team after making his senior team debut in December 1972. Field was Cork's top scorer in his debut season and also won a Munster SFC, however, he suffered a broken leg which ruled him out of Cork's 1973 All-Ireland final defeat of Galway. He returned to the team over the following few seasons. Field was also a member of the St. Michael's team that lost three consecutive Cork SFC finals from 1976 to 1978.
Honours
Coláiste Chríost Rí
Hogan Cup: 1970
Corn Uí Mhuirí: 1970
University College Cork
Sigerson Cup: 1972
Blackrock
Cork Minor Hurling Championship: 1968, 1969
Cork
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1973
References
1952 births
Living people
St Michael's (Cork) Gaelic footballers
Blackrock National Hurling Club hurlers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Hurling goalkeepers
Pickaninny Buttes is a summit in San Bernardino County, California, in the United States. It has an elevation of . The butte is composed of granite.
The name has attracted criticism from the media because it contains the ethnic slur pickaninny.
References
Mountains of San Bernardino County, California
The Reverend William Troy (10 March 1827 - 17 November 1905) was a Baptist minister and writer associated with the Underground Railroad.
Life
Troy was born on 10 March 1827 in Essex County, Virginia. His mother was a free black woman and she married, then bought and set free, her husband.
Troy became a confirmed Christian at the age of 13, although he was discriminated against in church because he was an African American. He was baptized into the Baptist church, but he was surprised to hear that the deacons and the church pastor were giving sermons to justify their own personal trade in slaves. The pastor would sell members of his own congregation. Troy and his wife left Virginia in disgust in March 1848, and moved to Cincinnati.
In his new home, Reverend Troy was said to be the only "slave preacher" who was qualified to preach when he started. He was first a pastor at a church in Amherstburg in southern Canada, before settling in nearby Windsor, Ontario. In 1853 he held prayer meetings that led to the laying of a foundation stone for a church in Windsor in 1858. Troy founded the "First Baptist Church" in Windsor although the first local Baptist church had been established a few years before.
Troy published a book of stories taken from the lives of slaves who had escaped from the United States to Canada. His book has been cited by historians as counter-evidence to the idea that slaves escaped and were smuggled across America by white activists. Troy gives examples of slaves who escaped north without the aid of the Underground Railroad. He described how John Hedgeman was helped to freedom by black slaves and free people, who risked arrest for assisting those escaping north to Canada.
Troy traveled to Britain to raise funds for his church, where he gave lectures to anti-slavery societies. He traveled with William M. Mitchell, and was mentioned in the latter's book. Troy also traveled throughout Europe, Jamaica and Haiti.
In 1866 Troy relocated to Richmond, Virginia, where he spent nine months preaching and giving lectures. In 1867 he accepted a call to become the pastor of Richmond's Second Baptist Church. He resigned his pastorate in 1874 to found the Moore Street Industrial and Mission School and the Moore Street Baptist Church. In 1880 he was again called to be pastored of the Second Baptist Church, which calling he later resigned to found the Sharon Baptist Church.
Family
William Troy was married to Sidney Blackburn on 18 October 1847 in Essex County, Virginia. When William died he was survived by Sidney and six children; Mrs. Annie Walker of Camden, New Jersey, Mrs. Fannie E. Oliver of Richmond, Virginia, Dr. William Troy of Franklin, Virginia, Joshua W. Troy, Mrs. Nannie Walker and one other son, of Newport News, Virginia.At the end of his life Troy resided with his daughter Annie in Camden. He suffered from paralysis and Bright's disease which led to his death on 17 November 1905 in Camden, New Jersey.
Works
Hair-breadth Escapes from Slavery to Freedom, 1861
References
External links
History of Second Baptist Church
History of Moore Street Missionary Baptist Church
History of Sharon Baptist Church
1827 births
1905 deaths
19th-century Baptist ministers from the United States
20th-century African-American people
Baptist abolitionists
People from Essex County, Virginia
People from Windsor, Ontario
Religious leaders from Richmond, Virginia
Underground Railroad people
T. orientalis may refer to:
Tasiocera orientalis, a crane fly species in the genus Tasiocera
Thenus orientalis, the Moreton Bay bug or Bay lobster, a slipper lobster species found throughout the waters of Australia's north coast
Thunnus orientalis, the Pacific bluefin tuna, a fish species found in the Pacific Ocean
Timia orientalis, a picture-winged fly species
Tipula orientalis, a crane fly species in the genus Tipula
Toussaintia orientalis, a plant species endemic to Tanzania and Kenya
Trachystemon orientalis, the Abraham-Isaac-Jacob, a perennial herb species native to eastern Europe
Tragopogon orientalis, a plant species in the genus Tragopogon
Trema orientalis, the pigeon wood, gunpowder tree or nalita, a flowering tree species found from South Africa to Tropical Africa and in warm regions of Asia
Triplophysa orientalis, a ray-finned fish species
Typha orientalis, the raupo, a wetland plant species in the genus Typha
Synonyms
Tapiostola orientalis, a synonym for Hypocoena inquinata, the sordid wainscot or tufted sedge moth, a moth species found across Canada from Newfoundland to British Columbia, south in the east to Connecticut and Ohio and in the west to Colorado
Thuja orientalis, a synonym for Platycladus orientalis, a conifer tree species
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Sahabzada Syed Murtaza Amin is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-112 (Sialkot-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2002 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He received 41,251 votes and lost the seat to Umar Ahmad Ghuman, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
He was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-113 (Sialkot-IV) as a candidate of PML-N in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 77,819 votes and defeated Ali Asjad Malhi, a candidate of PML-Q.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sycamore Partners is a private equity firm based in New York specializing in retail and consumer investments. The firm has approximately $10 billion in aggregate committed capital.
History
Founding
Sycamore Partners was founded in 2011 by Stefan Kaluzny and Peter Morrow. Before Sycamore, Kaluzny was a Managing Partner at Golden Gate Capital and was employed since the firm's inception. Prior to joining Golden Gate, he co-founded Delray Farms, Inc. and also served as its Chief Executive Officer. Kaluzny received a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Morrow served as a Principal at Golden Gate before co-founding Sycamore. Peter Morrow received a BA from Stanford University and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Holdings
Current
CommerceHub
Staples (Acquired 2017)
Pure Fishing (Acquired January 2019)
Brands include: ABU Garcia, All Star, Berkley, Chub, Fenwick, Greys, Hardy, Hodgman, Johnson, JRC, Mitchell, Penn, Pflueger, Sebile, Shakespeare, SpiderWire, Stren, and Ugly Stik.
Belk (Acquired 2015)
Hot Topic (Acquired 2013)
MGF Sourcing
NBG Home
Talbots (Acquired 2012)
The Limited (Acquired 2017)
Torrid (acquired 2013)
Premium Apparel LLC (affiliate of Sycamore Partners used to acquire Ann Taylor, Lane Bryant and related brands from Ascena Retail Group in December 2020.)
Ann Taylor
Lane Bryant (Cacique)
LOFT
Lou & Grey
Azamara Cruises (Acquired January 2021)
Express, Inc. (January 2021)
Former
EMP Merchandising sold to Warner Music Group in 2018.
Nine West Holdings (2013-2018)
Jones New York sold to Authentic Brands Group in 2015.
Nine West sold to Authentic Brands Group in 2018.
Bandolino sold to Authentic Brands Group in 2018.
Kurt Geiger Acquired by Jones Apparel Group in 2011. Sold to Cinven in 2015.
Stuart Weitzman sold to Coach, Inc. (now known as Tapestry, Inc.) in 2015.
Coldwater Creek (2014-2020) assets sold to Hong Kong procurement company Newtimes Group in 2020.
Recent Investments
In 2011, Sycamore acquired a 51% stake in MGF Sourcing, finally completing the total takeover in 2015.
In 2012 the firm acquired Talbots for $391 million.
In 2013, Sycamore acquired Hot Topic and Torrid for $600 million.
In 2014, the firm acquired Coldwater Creek, Jones New York for $2.2 billion which was then sold to Authentic Brands Group in 2015. Kurt Geiger which was then sold to Cinven in 2015. Sycamore also sold the Stuart Weitzman business to Coach, Inc. in 2015 for $574 million.
In 2015, the firm acquired Belk, Inc for $3 billion, and EMP Merchandising, whilst divesting Pathlight Capital
In 2017, Sycamore's Nine West Holdings acquired Kasper and Sycamore Partners purchased NBG Home. The firm then went onto win the bid for The Limited, bidding $26.8 million. In June 2017, Reuters reported that Staples Inc. had agreed to sell itself for $6.9 billion. Sycamore also sold over 300 Dollar Express stores to rival, Dollar General.
In July 2020, it was announced that Sycamore Partners had made a $1.75B offer to acquire department store chain and competitor JCPenney out of bankruptcy, and would rebrand 250 JCPenney stores to the Belk name, to help the chain compete directly with Macy's. Under the plan, the remaining JCPenney stores will be liquidated. The plan was not selected.
In January 2021 Sycamore Partners bought Azamara Cruises from the Royal Caribbean Group.
On March 16, 2022, it was announced the Sycamore and Hudson's Bay Company are preparing bids to buy Kohl's.
References
Private equity firms of the United States
Financial services companies based in New York City
Financial services companies established in 2011
2011 establishments in New York City
Privately held companies based in New York City
The Plimpton–Winter House is a historic house in Wrentham, Massachusetts. This two-story wood-frame house, built in 1868, is Wrentham's finest Italianate house. It has the boxy shape and low hip roof with bracketed eave, elements that are typical of the style, along with a front entry porch with bracketed cornice and balustrade above. Its first owner, Francis Plimpton, was president of the First National Bank of Wrentham for forty years, and its second owner, Murray Winter, was co-owner of a local factory.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Wrentham, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1868
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
The Badr-B (; also known as Badr-II, meaning Full Moon-2) is the second spacecraft and the first earth observation satellite launched into Earth orbit on 10 December 2001 at 09:15 by the SUPARCO — Pakistan's national space agency. Badr-B is a microsatellite, with a mass of ~70 kg, and contained the computerized system to conduct the studies on the gravity gradient. Badr-B is a research satellite to explore the upper atmosphere and the near space, and carried a large array of instruments for geophysical research.
The Badr-B payload was equipped with several CCD cameras, compact dosimeter, a telemetry system, charge detector and a temperature control unit. It is intended to complete and update the Islamabad Mission Control Center (IMCC), and to test the remote sensing CCD instruments.
Launch history
The Badr-B project was launched by Suparco in 1992, following the success of the Badr-I in 1990. The programme was funded by Science Ministry and the construction of the programme was completed in Instrumentation Laboratories in Karachi. The United Kingdom's Space Innovations Limited, plc (SIL) also joined this programme in 1993 as it had constructed the instrumentation of this satellite. The Badr-B was slightly bigger than the Badr-I as compared to weight and mass. Most of the equipment was developed at the DESTO and the spacecraft designing took place in Instrumentation Laboratories in Karachi. Space Innovations Limited took contributed technical assistance required for assembling the Badr-B. A Mission control center was established at Islamabad where several supercomputers and its systems were installed by Space Innovations Limited. In 1995, a computer system and the system software was designed and installed by Pakistan Software Export Systems (PSES) while COMSATS helped to instal the large computer screen at the Islamabad mission control center. Overall, the work on Badr-B was completed in 1996 by Suparco and it was originally planned to launch from Tilla Launch Complex but it was objected as the country had no launch facility at that time. The CCD cameras were developed by the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory (RAL) who took the interest in the development of the Badr-B in 1995.
Badr-B was developed in 1996 but the delay of Russian space-rocket put the satellite on hold for more than 4 years. Abdul Qadeer Khan unsuccessfully attempted to launch the satellite from the Sonmiani Launch Complex using Ghauri-1 as the transportation vehicle which was denied by the government at that time. In 2001, the Air Force Strategic Command flew the Badr-B to Kazakhstan where it was launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome on 10 December 2001 abroad a Ukrainian Zenit-2 rocket.
Design
The economic cost of the Badr-B is not publicly known but it is estimated to be more costly than the first satellite, Badr-I. For its design, the Badar-B is far more complex and sophisticated than the first satellite. The external body of the Badr-B is made of Space grade Aluminium alloy with a total mass of 70 kg. Badr-B was launched in a sun-synchronous orbit of 1050 km with an earth orbital period of 106 minutes. Badr-B is a cube with side dimensions of 510 mm x 510 mm x 465 mm and a gravity gradient vector system to stabilize the satellite to its mission control centre. A typical orbital and terminal pass over to country's space orbit entry would last between 10 and 15 minutes.
Badr-B internal structure was made of space qualified aluminium T-6 alloy. The gallium arsenide (GaAs) solar arrays were used to provide and generate the electronic power during the sunlit periods. The nickel cadmium (NiCd) batteries stored power for use during the eclipse periods. Earth pointing single axis stabilization was achieved by the use of a 6 m gravity gradient boom with a trip mass of 4 kg.
Launch plans and site selections
The Suparco set its deadline to launch the satellite in 1994 but, due to the satellite being upgraded time passed and Suparco lost the space orbital entry slot. Suparco then planned to Badr-B in 1995 or as early of 1996 but did not materialize the plan. By 1996, Badr-B was completed and was ready to launch but due to upcoming elections in 1997, the plan was put on hold. Since Suparco has no launch complex, it began to hold talks with China and Russia at the lowest rate. In 1998, following the restrictions applied on Pakistan after it had conducted atomic tests (See Chagai-I and Chagai-II), Suparco was unable to launch the satellite, therefore putting the satellite in storage.
Delaying of the satellite's launch programme further frustrated the scientific community, therefore, Government of Pakistan launched the work on Shaheen-III and Ghauri-III expendable rockets in 1998. In 2001, senior scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan approached the Pakistan Government to receive permission to launch the satellite from either Tilla Launch Complex or Sonmiani Launch Complex. However, then-CMLA General Pervez Musharraf denied the request of Khan.
In 2001, the Pakistan Academy of Sciences held the physics and mathematics conference on astrophysics in Pakistan where scientists from all over the country were invited to come to Nathiagali. In a media interview given at Nathiagali, Abdul Qadeer Khan maintained that, "Pakistan has very robust nuclear I.R.B.M. system which can launch geostationary orbiting satellites. All Pakistan has to do is to erase Delhi or Calcutta from the target and point it towards the sky. Instead of Hydrogen bombs and Atomic bombs, the missiles can easily carry a payload of an 80 kg satellite into the sky...". Astrophysicist Shahid Kureshi also argued that [IRBM] missiles have very robust and effective electronics and computer system, the [SLV]s used the similar technology. Taking part in this discussion, Nuclear physicist Pervez Hoodbhoy believed that "If we [Pakistan] can launch a missile up to a range of 1,500 km, why not build an [SLV] that can launch low-atmosphere satellites?".
Abdul Majid, an astrophysicist, countered the pressure in a media interview in 1999 given to Dawn Newspapers, and in his own words, Majid summed up that, "with Meteor-3M (a Soviet satellite), other four satellites one each from [Pakistan], Malaysia, Morocco and the United States are to be mounted on the bigger Russian rocket. It was only the Pakistan's Badr-B satellite which had met the deadline set by the Russians. The deadline was in April. All the other satellites failed to meet the deadline".
Launch and mission
After receiving criticism from the scientific society, the Suparco succeeded in a talk held with Russian Federal Space Agency on a possible low rates. The PAF's Air Force Strategic Command flew the satellite via C-130 Hercules to Kazakhstan. The Badr-B was taken to Baikonur Cosmodrome along with Russian satellites which were also stored for the final assembly. The Badr-B, along with Soviet built Meteor-3M, was installed at the Zenit-2 expandable rocket. A high level delegation of Suparco headed by Major-General Raza Hussain arrived at the Baikonour Cosmodrome to witness the launch. At 17:18UTC, the Badr-B was launched along with Meteor-3M with an ascending node time of about 09:15
Experiments
The Badr-B conduct four major ob-board experiments, including taking the snap shots of Earth images, and data storage and forwarding to its mission control center. The Badr-B also used the radiation dosimeter to measure the exposure of Sun's ionizing radiation and, also used to study the electromagnetic field of Earth. The Badr-B also conduct studies on charge battery when it is exposed to Solar flare and forwarded Solar winds. Expected results were sent to its mission control center in Islamabad.
Achievements
Overall, the Badr-B was an ambitious project that was intended to learn and developed the low-cost EOS satellites, and to build the infrastructure for larger satellites. The Badr-B also gave the scientists to understand the usage of technology for earth imaging by using the CCD sensors; it also gave provided the scientists to enhance their studies conducted on how the solar flare effected the environment of Earth. The Badr-B stimulated the research on astrophysics and astroparticle physics that encourage the scientific community to continue their research on peaceful uses of space.
However, its achievements was undermined after Suparco had lost the orbital slot in four consecutive years The onward criticism also undermined Suparco's effort who built this satellite, and due to its long wait, the negative reception was perceived by scientific community. Careful analysis of launch facilities and capabilities doubted if the space programme is on track. With all criticism, in 2002, Suparco began to conduct further studies and launched the more ambitious and complex project which formed the basis derivatives of Press system, later this programme was integrated with Space programme 2040. Under the Space programme 2040, the Badr-B will be replaced with more complex and technologically advanced high-resolution satellite PRSS-O1, which has been launched in 2018.
References
NASA links
Earth observation satellites of Pakistan
Satellites formerly orbiting Earth
Badr satellites
Spacecraft launched in 2001
Space programme of Pakistan
History of science and technology in Pakistan
Rizab (, also Romanized as Rīzāb; also known as Zīrāb) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 727, in 174 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Women's Basketball Coaches Association is an association of coaches of women's basketball teams at all levels.
The organization was formed in 1981, with the goal of addressing the needs of women's basketball coaches.
The mission of the WBCA is:
The WBCA provides education for coaches, and promotes the coaching profession with awards for coaches and players. While many of the awards are related to basketball activities, the WBCA recognizes the need for academic as well as athletic excellence and recognizes academic excellence with their Academic Top 25 Team Honor Roll.
History
An organizational meeting was held at the Olympic Festival in Syracuse, New York, in 1981. Jill Hutchison was named the first president of the organization, before the organization even had a name. Later that year, Betty Jaynes was named the interim executive director of the organization. Jaynes was the head coach of the James Madison University women's basketball team, but she resigned her position to take on the responsibilities of the WBCA. She would serve as the chief executive officer until retiring in November 2000, turning over the position to Beth Bass. Bass joined the organization as executive director in 1997, and assumed the role of CEO after the retirement of Jaynes, who continues to serve as a consultant to the WBCA.
Membership
The membership is open to virtually all, including institutions. The main membership category is "active" comprising the coaching staff of NCAA Divisions I, II, and III, as well as NAIA, USCAA, junior college and community college coaches. In addition, there are membership categories for high school, AAU and recreational league coaches, as well as coaches on professional teams. Institutions are allowed to become members. Finally, there are affiliate categories for "administrators", "industry professionals" (including media), players, and "fans" (including anyone who is a friend of women's basketball). An "international" membership category is available for individuals, regardless of category, living outside the U.S. and its territories. All members are eligible to attend the WBCA's annual convention except for high school and college players.
The WBCA membership is considerably broader than that of the WBCA's men's counterpart, the National Association of Basketball Coaches:
Coaches at professional teams are ineligible for any level of NABC membership unless they have spent enough years as active members in college basketball to be eligible for "associate" membership.
The "active" NABC membership consists solely of head coaches and full-time assistants at NCAA and NAIA institutions.
Coaches at four-year institutions not affiliated with the NCAA or NAIA are ineligible for NABC membership at any level. By contrast, active WBCA membership is open even to coaches at four-year institutions unaffiliated with any national association.
Men's coaches at two-year schools are in the NABC's third-tier category of "activity" membership. By contrast, women's coaches at the same type of schools are eligible for active WBCA membership.
The NABC only offers fourth-level "affiliate" membership to directors of basketball operations, and only if they work at four-year institutions. The WBCA considers individuals in the same role at women's basketball programs eligible for active membership, and also extends this privilege to those holding the position at two-year institutions.
While certain administrators in men's basketball are eligible for "affiliate" NABC membership, eligibility is far more restrictive than the WBCA "administrator" category.
The NABC does not offer any level of membership to institutions, players, or fans.
Events and initiatives
The WBCA sponsors a variety of events throughout the year. The major event is the annual convention, coinciding both in timing and location with the Final Four weekend of the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship. Other sponsored events occur throughout the year, some in conjunction with the annual convention, others at different times.
Convention
The main function of the convention is for business meetings, such as board of directors meetings, and other administrative meetings. The program also typically includes panel presentations including members and outside speakers, workshops, awards and outside exhibitors.
WBCA High School All-America Game
The WBCA formerly sponsored an America game, inviting twenty of the nation's top high school female basketball players. Only seniors in high school were eligible. In addition to the twenty players invited to play in the game, an additional twenty players are named as Honorable Mention All-Americans. The invited players are divided into two teams, and played an all star game in the same city as the Final Four (although sometimes at a different venue). The game was typically scheduled for the off day between the semifinals and championship game of the NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament.
So You Want To Be A Coach
The WBCA sponsors a program aimed at ethnically minority female basketball players who show an interest in becoming coaches. The program is organized in parallel with the annual convention, at the same locations, and includes a "two and a half day crash course in what the coaching profession entails". Supporters of the program include some of the major names in the sport such as Hall of Fame coach C. Vivian Stringer
WBCA Pink Zone
The major charitable initiative of the WBCA encourages coaches to raise awareness of breast cancer in various ways. Each year, a number of women's basketball games are designed Pink Zone games. One or both of the teams wear pink uniforms. The event is usually coupled with a money raising effort; the proceeds are dedicated to the Kay Yow/WBCA Cancer Fund, in partnership with The V Foundation. The NCAA participates with their "Calling for a Cure" campaign. As part of that campaign, the referees in NCAA women's basketball games use pink whistles during the designated Pink Zone dates.
Awards
The WBCA sponsors a number of awards, with the intention to promote the development of the game. Awards are given for overall achievements by players and coaches, as well as broadcasters, administration, and academic results.
Player awards
Player of the Year Awards
The State Farm Wade Trophy is awarded annually to "the best women's college basketball player in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I".
The State Farm/WBCA Players of the Year award is the counterpart to the Wade trophy for the best women's basketball player in:
NCAA Division II
NCAA Division III
NAIA
Junior College/Community College
High School
The Defensive Player of the Year is awarded to the best defensive collegiate Division I player.
The Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award was awarded to the most outstanding senior Division I female basketball player 5 feet 8 inches (1.73 m) or shorter (the maximum height was previously 5 feet 6 inches or 1.68 m).
All-America Teams
The WBCA selects the top ten players in each of five divisions:
NCAA Division I
NCAA Division II
NCAA Division III
NAIA
JC/CC (Junior College/Community College)
Coach Awards
The WBCA presents an award to the National Coach of the year in each of six divisions:
NCAA Division I
NCAA Division II
NCAA Division III
NAIA
JC/CC (Junior College/Community College)
High School
The WBCA presents an award to the Rookie Coach of the Year. The award is named in honor of Maggie Dixon, the former coach of the Army women's basketball team, who died shortly after competing her rookie season as a coach.
The NCAA and WBCA jointly award a Coaches trophy, presented to the team that finishes first in the USA TODAY ESPN Division I Top 25 Coaches' Poll.
The WBCA presents the Carol Eckman Award, given annually since 1986, to the women's college basketball active coach who "best demonstrates the character of the late Carol Eckman, the mother of the collegiate women's basketball national championship". The award is named for former women's head coach Carol Eckman, a head coach best known for establishing the first National Invitational Women's Intercollegiate Basketball Tournament in 1969.
In the 2015–16 season, the WBCA announced a new award recognizing the young coaches in the sport. This recognition was created to honor thirty of the up-and-coming women's basketball coaches age 30 and under in the sport at all levels of the game.″
Academic Awards
The WBCA recognizes the need for academic as well as athletic excellence, and promotes academic excellence with its Academic Top 25 Team Honor Roll, recognizing the top 25 teams, as measured by overall GPA, in each of five divisions:
NCAA Division I
NCAA Division II
NCAA Division III
NAIA
JC/CC (Junior College/Community College)
Media Awards
The WBCA presents an annual scholarship award, The Robin Roberts/WBCA Broadcasting Scholarship, to a female basketball player intending to pursue graduate work and a career in sports journalism. Past recipients include Stacey Dales.
The WBCA presents an annual award to a member of the media who "has best displayed a commitment to women's basketball and to advancing the role of the media in promoting the women's game".
The inaugural award (1991) was presented to Mel Greenberg. In subsequent years, the award was named the Mel Greenberg Media Award.
See also
National Association of Basketball Coaches—the counterpart association of men's basketball coaches
Women's Basketball Hall of Fame
Naismith College Coach of the Year
List of college women's basketball coaches with 600 wins
Notes
External
Official website
Basketball W
Basketball organizations
Women's sports organizations
Sports organizations established in 1981
1981 establishments in New York (state)
Vassar Brothers Medical Center (VBMC) (formerly Vassar Brothers Hospital) is a 350-bed not-for-profit hospital overlooking the Hudson River in Poughkeepsie, New York. It is part of the Nuvance Health healthcare network and is the major medical center in Dutchess County, New York.
History
VBMC was incorporated in 1882 under the name Vassar Brothers Hospital, following contributions made by John Guy Vassar (nephew of Matthew Vassar) following the death of his brother, Mathew Vassar, Jr. The hospital opened its doors in 1887, and initially had 40 beds divided up into four wards, each containing ten beds. At the time the hospital opened it also contained a labor and delivery ward, a children's ward, a nursery, three private rooms, and two isolation rooms.
Major renovations have occurred throughout the years. Renovations in 1983, 1991, and 2001 added critical care areas, a new operating and delivery wing, and a cancer care center, respectively. Most recently, in 2021, a $550 million expansion was completed which doubled the number of available rooms.
In 2002, Vassar Brothers Hospital officially became Vassar Brothers Medical Center.
VBMC has been a part of the Nuvance Health system since its previous parent, Health Quest, merged with the Western Connecticut Health Network in 2019.
Medical campuses
The Vassar Brothers Medical Center comprises several buildings on its central campus. The main structure, which is located adjacent to Route 9 on Reade Place, houses the main hospital, the emergency room, the NICU, the maternity center, the gift shop, and the cafeteria, as well as the Dyson Center for Cancer Care. The Westage Medical Building, which houses The Heart Center, as well as the visitor parking garage, are located across the street. Another building containing The center for Ambulance Services, the VBMC Foundation and patient parking for the Vassar Ambulatory Surgery Center are located nearby on Lincoln Avenue. The second floor of the Vassar Ambulatory Surgery Center houses the Dyson Breast Center, a center for breast disease, breast health, and breast cancer that opened in August 2015. Employee parking is located adjacent to the Ambulatory Surgery Center on Livingston Avenue.
VBMC also operates a satellite medical center called Vassar Brother Medical Mall in the nearby town of Fishkill, New York. Located in the Westage Medical Mall, VBMC and their construction partner, Westage Companies, each own approximately half of the Medical Mall building. Services offered at the Mall include radiation oncology, same-day surgery, speech-language pathology, and women's imaging.
Dyson Center for Cancer Care
The Dyson Center for Cancer Care is a full-service cancer treatment and support center, the only of its kind in the Mid-Hudson Valley. The Dyson Center at VBMC is affiliated with the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project and conducts clinical research with assistance from the National Cancer Institute and the Community Clinical Oncology Program. The radiotherapy suite on-site offers three types of radiation therapy: image-guided radiation therapy, stereotactic body radiotherapy, and intensity-modulated radiation therapy.
Dyson Breast Center
The Dyson Breast Center is a full service breast care center, first opened on August 3, 2015. The 11,746 square foot facility is housed on the second floor of the Vassar Ambulatory Surgery Center. The Dyson Foundation, the center's main benefactor, awarded $1 million for construction in 2014. Additional donations were made from the Friends of Vassar Brothers Medical Center. The total cost for the construction was $4.2 million. The Dyson Breast Center features two 3D mammography units for use in the Breast Center, separate from the Center for Cancer Care. Dr. Angela Keleher, the director of the Dyson Breast Center, says the new 3D units "[decrease] the need for calling patients back in for additional screenings and [increase] the cancer-detection rate." The project was designed to provide women with a single place for all breast care needs, and features exam rooms, procedure rooms, offices for the staff, and waiting areas.
Recognitions
Vassar Brothers Medical Center has received a number of awards over the years in several categories ranging from hospital/clinical quality, patient safety, women's health, and more. A list of awards and recognitions given to VBMC, organized by category, are listed below:
Cardiology/Pulmonary
Get With The Guidelines Heart Failure Gold Quality Achievement Award in 2015
America's 50 Best Hospitals for Cardiac Surgery Award™ (2015, 2016, 2017)
Clinical Quality
America's 100 Best Hospitals for Gastrointestinal Care Award™ (2015, 2016, 2017)
Critical Care Excellence Award™ (2015, 2016)
General Surgery Excellence Award™ (2015)
2013 IPRO Quality Award
2008 American College of Surgeons Outstanding Achievement Award
Hospital Quality
Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence™ (2015, 2016, 2017)
America's 100 Best Hospitals Award™ (2014, 2015, 2016)
Patient Safety
2016 Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade "A" recipient
Stroke/Neurosciences
2015 Stroke Gold Quality Achievement Award
Women's Health
2014 Women's Choice Award for America's Best Breast Centers
See also
Vassar College
References
Hospitals in New York (state)
Trauma centers
Sun Qichang (; Hepburn: Son Kishō; 1885–1954), was a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served as a cabinet minister in the Empire of Manchukuo.
Biography
A native of Liaoyang Liaoning Province, Sun studied at the Tokyo University of Education in Tokyo, Japan. After his return to China, he served as principal to the Mukden Commercial Higher School in Shenyang, and was subsequently secretary to the Provincial Army of Heilongjiang. In July 1920, he was appointed chairman of the Education Board of Heilongjiang Province. From July 1921, he received an appointment from the Beiyang Government as a diplomat to negotiate with foreign powers in Kirin Province. Following Manchurian warlord Zhang Xueliang's rapprochement with the central government in late 1928, Sun was appointed a member of the Kirin Provincial Assembly, and was promoted to become director of the Construction Ministry of the same province the following year.
Following the Mukden Incident in 1931, Sun allied himself with Xi Qia and his efforts to form a new government for Kirin Province independent of the Republic of China. This was effected from 30 September 1931 and he accepted a position in the Finance Ministry of Kirin Province as Director of the Spirits and Tobacco State Monopoly.
In April 1932, under the new State of Manchukuo, Sun continued to serve in the Finance Ministry, but in June 1933 was appointed governor of Heilongjiang Province. The following year, with the creation of the new province of Longjiang, he was transferred to become governor of that province. In January 1935, Sun was appointed to the cabinet-level post of Minister of Finance of the Empire of Manchukuo, which he held only to May 1935. From May 1935 to May 1940, he served as Minister of Civil Affairs. Afterwards he was appointed to the Privy Council, but was relieved of his duties in September 1942 over disagreements with the government on economic policy.
Following the Soviet invasion of Manchuria, he went into hiding in Shenyang, and later in Beijing, but was discovered after the establishment of the People's Republic of China in February 1951. He was executed in Beijing in 1954 at the age of 70.
References
External links
Officials of Manchukuo (Japanese)
Government ministers of Manchukuo
Politicians from Liaoyang
Chinese collaborators with Imperial Japan
Chinese people executed for collaboration with Japan
1885 births
1954 deaths
Republic of China politicians from Liaoning
Executed people from Liaoning
Executed People's Republic of China people
Sampantaea amentiflora is a plant species of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1972. The genus Sampantaea is monotypic and found in Thailand and Cambodia.
References
Acalypheae
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Cambodia
Flora of Thailand
Guus Berend Til (born 22 December 1997) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Dutch side PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national team.
Early life
Til was born in Samfya, Zambia, where his father worked in the development field. He moved to the Netherlands at age 3, as his family settled in the Bijlmermeer in Amsterdam.
Club career
AZ
Til is a youth exponent from AZ. He made his professional debut on 4 August 2016 as a substitute in a UEFA Europa League play-off match against PAS Giannina, replacing Joris van Overeem after 71 minutes.
Spartak Moscow
On 5 August 2019, Spartak Moscow announced they had signed Guus Til from AZ for a reported transfer fee of €18 million (the third highest transfer fee in club history at the time). He also signed a 4 year contract with the club. In his Russian Premier League debut on 11 August 2019 against FC Akhmat Grozny, he provided 2 assists in a 3–1 victory. He scored his first goal for Spartak on 25 August 2019 in an away game against PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara, when his added-time goal gave his team a 2–1 comeback away victory.
Loan to SC Freiburg
On 3 September 2020, Til joined Bundesliga side SC Freiburg on a season-long loan with option to buy.
Loan to Feyenoord
On 2 June 2021, Til extended his contract with Spartak until 31 May 2024 and was loaned to Feyenoord for the 2021–22 season. Spartak held an option to terminate his loan early if he appeared in fewer than half of all official games for Feyenoord up until 1 January 2022.
On 29 July 2021, Til scored a hat-trick against FC Drita of Kosovo in the second qualifying round for the inaugural edition of the UEFA Europa Conference League.
On 3 October, Til was named the Eredivisie Player of the Month for September following four goals in three league matches for Feyenoord, which all ended in victory for the Rotterdam club.
PSV Eindhoven
On 4 July 2022, Til signed a four-year contract with PSV. Til scored a hat-trick on his debut for the club, a 5–3 win over rivals Ajax in the Johan Cruyff Shield on 30 July.
International career
Til was a youth international for the Netherlands.
In March 2018, Til earned from Ronald Koeman his debut international call-up to the Netherlands national team. He made his debut coming on as a substitute for Kenny Tete in the 78th minute of a 3–0 friendly win against Portugal on 26 March 2018.
In May 2021, the Football Association of Zambia had confirmed they had contacted Til over a possible switch of international allegiance. Zambia head coach Milutin Sredojević stated that Til was still undecided on his future. Til returned to the Netherlands national team in September 2021 scoring his first goal in a 6–1 win over Turkey.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list the Netherlands's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Til goal.
Honours
Feyenoord
UEFA Europa Conference League runner-up: 2021–22
PSV
Johan Cruyff Shield: 2022
Individual
Eredivisie Player of the Month: September 2021
References
External links
U21 profile at Ons Oranje
U20 profile at Ons Oranje
Profile at Voetbal International
1997 births
Living people
People from Samfya District
Footballers from Amsterdam
Association football midfielders
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands international footballers
Zambian footballers
Zambian people of Dutch descent
AZ Alkmaar players
Jong AZ players
FC Spartak Moscow players
SC Freiburg players
Feyenoord players
PSV Eindhoven players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Russian Premier League players
Bundesliga players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
The 1968 Richmond upon Thames Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Richmond upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Marine art was especially popular in Britain during the Romantic Era, and taken up readily by British artists in part because of Great Britain's geographical form (an island). This article deals with marine art as a specialized genre practised by artists who did little or nothing else, and does not cover the marine works of the leading painters of the period, such as, and above all, J.M.W. Turner. The tradition of British marine art as a specialized genre with a strong emphasis on the shipping depicted began in large part with the artists Willem Van de Velde the Elder and his son, called the Younger in the early 18th century. The Van Veldes, originally from Holland, moved to England to work for King Charles II). By the 17th century, marine art was commissioned mostly by merchant seamen and naval officers and created by marine art specialists (rather than artists in general). In part, marine art served as a visual portrayal of Britain's power on the sea and as a way of historically documenting battles and the like. As British sea captains began to recognize the ability of marine artists to bring Britain's success on the sea to the public on land, some took on an active role in supporting this type of artwork. For example, marine artist Robert Cleveley was hired by Captain William Locker to work in as a clerk, and Captain Locker, interested in employing artists, is believed to have played a significant role in encouraging Cleveley to work as a marine painter. Captains would act as marine artists' patrons, commissioning them to paint portraits of themselves and pictures depicting important battles. A few significant marine artists who were supported in this way by naval officers are (among others) Nicholas Pocock, Thomas Luny, and George Chambers. William Hodges, for example, who was trained to draw at William Shipley's Academy (studying under Richard Wilson), was hired by the Admiralty to finish his pictures from Cook's 1772 voyage for publication upon reaching home in 1775. Captains also commissioned artists to paint portraits of their ships.
Dutch Influence and the Beginning of the British Marine Art Tradition
The tradition of marine painting really began in Holland in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, perhaps because of the significance of seafaring in establishing and maintaining the Dutch Republic. Marine painting began in keeping with medieval Christian art tradition, and so the original paintings portrayed the sea only from a bird's eye view, and everything, even the waves, were organized and symmetrical. The viewpoint, symmetry, and overall order of these early paintings were to keep in mind the organization of the heavenly cosmos from which the earth was viewed. Later Dutch artists like Hendrick Vroom and Cornelius Claesz, however, developed new methods for painting, often from a horizontal point of view, with a lower horizon and more focus on realism than symmetry. Most notable of the Dutch artists' who influenced the British marine art tradition were Willem van de Velde the Elder, and his son, the Younger. Willem van de Velde the Younger was especially admired and thus influential in England because he lived and worked there for thirty-five years. The methods developed by the Dutch to successfully depict some of the sea's more elusive features (light and shadow, or the reflection of the sky over the ocean's uneven surface, for example) were adopted by British artists as they founded their own marine art tradition. Knowledge of Dutch methods of marine painting was considered so fundamental to a successful marine painting education that it was likened to “grammar school” for the British marine artist. In fact, it is not uncommon to find Dutch ships painted into the works of British marine artists as a tribute to the Dutch artists from whom they gained so much knowledge and inspiration.
The Romantic Era
In the Romantic era, interest in marine art expanded from its initial exclusive audience of sailors and naval officers to the general public. One reason for this increased interest may be the significance of the navy in Romantic British culture. With the increase of industry in Britain and the threatening resurgence of the French royal navy during the time after the Peace of Utrecht, England found means and motivation to improve its sea power on both the level of mercantilism and conquest. Later into the Romantic era the Napoleonic Wars, which were fought in large part on the sea, brought the British navy further to the forefront when the British navy played a significant role in defeated the French forces. The infamous Glorious First of June which marks a major British naval victory over the French during the French Revolutionary Wars, happened within the Romantic era (June 1, 1794) as did the Battle of Trafalgar of the Napoleonic Wars (October 21, 1805). For a contemporary depiction of the British navy during the Romantic era one might look to the popular fictional series by Patrick O'Brian which follows naval officer Captain Aubrey and his companion Maturin during the Napoleonic Wars or the Hornblower Saga by C.S. Forester which follows Horatio Hornblower as his career in the British navy progresses (also during the Napoleonic Wars). Whatever the reason, a new group of marine artists now made their way onto the scene. Landscape painters found inspiration in the sea and began to create work which was not always accurate, but which could be sold among the less technically sea-savvy art collectors in England.
Types of Marine Painting
British marine paintings from this era can be divided into three main categories. These are: ship portraits, paintings of ships at sea, and inshore, coastal and harbour scenes.
Ship portraits, as mentioned above, were immensely popular before and throughout the Romantic era. Ship portraits were, as apparent by the name, focused entirely on the ship, rather than on the surrounding sea, although the best-known of the ship portraitists strove to carry the accuracy of their drawing out into the atmosphere surrounding the ship (sky, sea, coastlines, etc). Accuracy in all the details of the ship above all was of the utmost importance in ship portraits.
Paintings of ships at sea fell into two categories. Paintings of large, full-rigged vessels (such as naval vessels), and paintings of smaller vessels. The former had more prestige and was more expensive, while the later was much easier to come by and generally cheaper. Artists didn't necessarily choose larger or smaller vessels based the skill involved, as their location was often a factor. While some artists worked on/amongst large vessels (traveling with explorers, for example), others worked primarily on the coasts, and so would encounter fishing vessels and the like more frequently than war vessels and such.
Inshore, coastal and harbour scenes were often paintings of smaller vessels, and were (again) more common than paintings of large ships at sea. Coastal pictures offer more possibilities for painters in their depiction of the scene since the depth, quality, and surrounding land of the harbours/coastal areas was much more variant than the monotonous, albeit impressive deep sea.
Standards
Since marine artists in the Romantic era varied in technical knowledge (as noted earlier), there seems to have been a certain amount of debate about how an artist should balance aesthetic/artistic qualities with accuracy in their pictures. This stands in contrast to earlier marine painting (most often in the form of ship portraits for seamen and officers), which was judged solely by accuracy and not valued for artistic quality. The knowledge required for accuracy wasn't necessarily easy to come by. The standards outlined in the Liber Nauticus by Dominic and John Thomas Serres makes clear the level of expertise some expected in marine art. In this instruction manual on how to create marine art, the Serreses' declared: "many are the obstacles to the attainment of a proficiency in drawing Marine subjects, particularly as it is not only requisite that a person desirous of excelling in the Art should possess a knowledge of the construction of a ship, or of what is denominated Naval Architecture together with the proportion of masts & yards, the width & cut of the sails, &c; but he should likewise be acquainted with Seamanship". A certain expectation of accuracy is also expressed in a review of two different paintings depicting the Glorious First of June (one—more dramatic/fantastical—by Philip de Loutherbourg and the other by Robert Cleveley, who had long worked as a sailor and whose painting is quite a bit more tame if not as artistically skillful) by Anthony Pasquin (John Williams). Pasquin wrote:
Mr. Loutherbourg's picture on this popular subject is too licentious in the points of historic fact to please any nautical observer. Mr. Cleveley's performance did not impress me, instantaneously, with so much pleasure as Mr. Loutherbourg's; but it had this very desirable effect, that my satisfaction was strengthened in proportion as I viewed it. It is evident that this Artist has a far deeper knowledge of his subject than his compeer, and has not violated authenticity upon any material point: he has not painted to amaze but to satisfy: he has grouped both his pictures with an admirable taste; all the minutiae of the marine are vigorously preserved, and the effect of his atmosphere at morning and evening is strictly compatible with truth and harmony.
Marine Art and the British Public
Paintings commissioned by senior naval officers and displayed in the Royal Academy (as were many marine paintings) were not necessarily accessible to the larger British population. However, this does not mean that marine art was confined to the upper classes. Some marine artists and engravers made etchings and aquatints of the pictures bought by art collectors and such, and these copies could be sold to the general public at more affordable prices. Working as a print dealer rarely generated a livable income for artists, but a few found success. Thomas and William Daniell, for example, had a reasonable amount of success selling aquatints to the public and to book publishers.
Influence in America
Various English artists influenced the tradition of American marine art, most notably Thomas Butterworth, whose battles of naval depictions during the War of 1812 became very popular among American art collectors. Although Butterworth may have never actually gone there, his work reached America thanks to aquatints of his works done by the English engraver Joseph Jeakes. So, just as aquatints made British marine art accessible to the general British population, they made British marine art accessible to the American population across the Atlantic. Another British influence on American marine art was Robert Salmon, who began his career in England in 1800, but ended up moving to America and bringing along with him a British "topographical style" which the younger artists then in New England.
Major British Marine Artists
There are far too many talented British marine artists from the Romantic Era to name them all here, but a few are William Anderson, Robert Cleveley, Thomas Luny, George Chambers, Nicholas Pocock, William Hodges, and Philip de Loutherbourg among many others.
See also
Marine Art
Seascape
:Category:Marine artists
:Category:Maritime paintings
Notes
References
Brewington, Dorothy E. R. "Preface." Dictionary of Marine Artists. Mystic, Connecticut, Mystic
Seaport Museum, 1982. Print.
Brook-Hart, Denys. British 19th Century Marine Painting. Suffolk, Eng: Baron Publishing,
1974. Print.
Callender, Geoffrey. The Naval Side of British History. Boston, Little, Brown, and Company,
1924. Print.
Cordingly, David. Marine Painting in England 1700-1900. London, Studio Vista, 1974. Print.
Dewitt, Lloyd. "Manet and the Dutch Marine Tradition." Manet and the Sea. London, Yale
University Press, 2003. Print.
Marcus, G. J. A Naval History of England. London, Longmans, Green and Co, 1961. Print.
"Robert Cleveley." Benezit Dictionary of Artists. 3. Paris: Éditions Gründ, 2006. Print.
Tracy, Nicholas. Britannia's Palette: The Arts of Naval Victory. Montreal: McGill-Queen's
University Press, 2007. Print.
Wilmerding, John. American Marine Painting. New York, Harry N. Abrams, Inc., 1968. Print.
Marine art
British art
A semi-submarine (semi-sub) is a surface vessel that is not capable of diving, but has accommodation space below the waterline featuring underwater windows. The watercraft is similar to glass-bottom boats, but with deeper draft. Both types of boats are mainly used to provide sight-seeing trips for tourists in clear, calm, and often shallow, waters.
Design
The most common design is similar to a small ship. The passenger cabin is deep within the hull, a few meters below the waterline. The cabin is equipped with large underwater windows, so the passengers can observe the marine environment that is passed during the voyage.
There are significant engineering differences between a true submarine and a semi-submarine. Submarines are human-occupied pressure vessels subjected to high external pressure, while semi-submarines are only subjected to the same pressures as other surface vessels of similar draft operating in similar conditions. As the hydrostatic pressure close to the water surface is relatively low, the viewing windows can be large. In some designs, the windows enclose the majority of the immersed hull. Passengers can climb up from the submerged cabin to the unsubmerged deck level at any time.
Since the semi-sub interior is always open to the atmosphere, no special measures must be taken to assure a supply of breathable air to its occupants.
Use
Semi-submarines can be used for research, but they are most commonly used in the tourism business. However, large tourism-oriented semi-submarines should not be confused with narco-submarines which are smaller home-made semi-submarines used to smuggle drugs.
Legal status
Semi-submarines do not have an international classified status. Their operating range from the native port might be limited by the local authorities.
See also
Semi-submersible naval vessel
External link
Turkey's first semi-submarine
Boat types
Nautical terminology
Water transport
Tourist activities
Submarines
Pressure vessels
These are the Olympic medalists in women's handball.
References
General
Specific
Handball
medalists
Handball
Olympic
Helen Rickerby is a New Zealand poet, writer, editor and publisher. In 2020, she won the Mary and Peter Biggs poetry prize at the Ockham New Zealand Book Awards.
Biography
In 1995, she was part of the group that founded JAAM literary journal. From 2005 to 2015 she was co-managing editor, with Clare Needham, of the journal. Since 2004, Rickerby has run Seraph Press, a small publishing company based in Wellington, New Zealand.
Publications
Rickerby, H.,(2014). Words that matter: 10 years of Seraph Press. Wellington, NZ: Seraph Press.
Rickerby, H. (2014). Cinema. Wellington, NZ: Mākaro Press.
Rickerby, H., (2010). Heading north. Dunedin, N.Z.: Kilmog Press.
Rickerby, H. (2008). My iron spine. Wellington, N.Z: HeadworX.
References
New Zealand women poets
21st-century New Zealand poets
New Zealand publishers (people)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Linguistic Survey of India (LSI) is a comprehensive survey of the languages of British India, describing 364 languages and dialects. The Survey was first proposed by George Abraham Grierson, a member of the Indian Civil Service and a linguist who attended the Seventh International Oriental Congress held at Vienna in September 1886. He made a proposal of the linguistic survey and it was initially turned down by the Government of India. After persisting and demonstrating that it could be done using the existing network of government officials at a reasonable cost, it was approved in 1891. It was however formally begun only in 1894 and the survey continued for thirty years with the last of the results being published in 1928.
An on-line searchable database of the LSI is available, providing an excerpt for each word as it appeared in Grierson's original publication. In addition, the British Library has gramophone recordings in its sound archive which document the phonology.
Method and critiques
Grierson made use of Government officers to collect data from across India. He made forms and guidance material for the officers who gathered the information. There were numerous problems in ensuring uniformity of data gathering and clarity of understanding. One officer noted the difficulty even of noting the name of the language from a household. Interviewees would name their language after their caste.
The maps and boundaries indicated by Grierson have often been used by political groups seeking reorganizations of state boundaries.
List of volumes
The list of volumes published by Grierson from 1898 to 1928 are:
I. Part I Introduction
Part II Comparative Vocabulary of Indian Languages
II Mon–Khmer & Tai Families
III Part I Himalayan Dialects, North Assam Groups
Part II Bodo–Naga & Kochin Groups of the Tibeto-Burman Languages
Part III Kuki-Chin & Burma Groups of the Tibeto-Burman Languages
IV. Munda & Dravidian Languages
V. Indo-Aryan Languages, (Eastern Group)
Part I Bengali-Assamese
Part II Bihari & Oriya
VI Indo-Aryan Languages, Mediate Group (Eastern Hindi)
VII Indo-Aryan Languages, Southern Group (Marathi)
VIII Indo-Aryan Languages, North-Western Group
Part I Sindhi & Lahnda
Part II Dardic or Pisacha Languages (including Kashmiri)
IX. Indo-Aryan Languages, Central Group
Part I Western Hindi & Panjabi
Part II Rajasthani & Gujarati
Part III Bhil Languages including Khandesi, Banjari or Labhani, Bahrupia Etc.
Part IV Pahari Languages & Gujuri
X. Eranian Family
XI. "Gipsy" Languages
Subsequent surveys
A second Linguistic Survey of India project was initiated by the Language Division of Office of the Registrar General & Census Commissioner of India in 1984. This project is ongoing and at the end of year 2010 approximately 40% of the survey has been completed. This survey has a limited objective to trace the changes in the linguistic scenario after Grierson's study. Several professional linguists have criticized the project for repeating Grierson's methodological mistakes – like choosing local language teachers or government officials as informants rather than laypersons for collecting the linguistic data.
The 1991 census of India found 1,576 "mother tongues" with separate grammatical structures and 1,796 languages classified as "other mother tongues". Calls for a more complete and exact Linguistic Survey of India soon followed. It was noted that Grierson's works had relied on untrained field workers and neglected the former province of Burma, Madras and the then princely States of Hyderabad and Mysore. The result was that South India was under-represented in the LSI.
The Government of India announced an ambitious project to expand and revise the Linguistic Survey of India. In the Eleventh Five-Year Plan (2007–12) Rs. 2.8 billion was sanctioned for the project. It was classified into two sections: a New Linguistic Survey of India and a Survey of Minor and Endangered Languages. Under the auspices of the Central Institute of Indian Languages in Mysore, and under the direction of Udaya Narayana Singh, the project was expected to involve over 54 universities, 2,000 investigators and 10,000 linguists and language specialists working over a period of ten years.
An April 2010 article in the online Times of India mentions that the above project has been abandoned but then announces a new initiative following up on the original Grierson survey: the People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) under the auspices of an NGO called the Bhasha Research and Publication Centre, and with Ganesh N. Devy as Chairperson. The project will begin with a survey of Himalayan languages. Rajesh Sachdeva, director of CIIL at the Bhasha Confluence, said the exercise of New Linguistic Survey of India had to be abandoned with “the government developing cold feet”, in the fear that this survey may lead to revival of linguicism or linguistic imperialism.
See also
Linguistic history of India
Further reading
George Abraham Grierson, Linguistic Survey of India, 11 Vols. in 19 Parts. Delhi, Low Price Publ. (2005)
References
External links
Grierson's Linguistic Survey of India - The searchable database
Gramophone recordings from the Linguistic Survey of India, containing more than 240 audio files and the corresponding transcriptions. (1913–1929)
All volumes of the Linguistic Survey of India (1898-1928)
Surveys (human research)
Languages of India
Linguistic history of India
Linguistic research in India
Eleja is a village in Latvia, center of the Eleja parish in Jelgava municipality. Number of inhabitants - around 800. Located 27 km south from Jelgava it spreads along the A8 highway crossroads with the regional P103 road.
Meitene railroad station located in the village is no longer used for passenger service. The actual village of Meitene is a couple of kilometers south, right on the Latvia-Lithuania border.
History
During the 16th century the Eleja manor was established by the Eleja river. Owned first by Georg von Tiesenhausen from the Tyzenhaus family and later by Ulrich von Baehr (Bähr) in 1753 it was purchased by Count Johann Friedrich von Medem. Medem family owned it until the land reform of 1920.
Between the 1806 and 1810 a grand new Eleja manor house was built here, which was burned down by the retreating Russian army in July 1915 and further demolished during the 1920-30s. Some efforts at renovating the manor house building complex and the arched stone fence started in 2015.
During the German military occupation the Jelgava–Meitene Railway was built through here, with a narrow-gauge railroad connection between Meitene and Bauska built in 1916. During this time a new village named Vilkudārzs (Wolf's garden) started growing here. On 1932 the place was given the rights of village and on 1936 given its present name – Eleja.
From 1949 until 1956 it was the administrative center of the Eleja district. On February 21, 1950 it was named a worker's village; on 1961 elevated to the level of urban-type settlement, which it lost after 1990 territorial reform when Eleja and the surrounding Eleja country territory was united in a single parish. From 2009 included in the Jelgava municipality.
Despite all the territorial changes, Eleja still is the center of the local area where the local administration, high school, kindergarten, library and community center are located. Latraps, one of Latvia's largest farmers co-operatives, has a production site here.
External links
Eleja manor and park
Eleja parish website
References
Villages in Latvia
Masquerade (; lit. Gwanghae: The Man Who Became King) is a 2012 South Korean period drama film starring Lee Byung-hun in dual role as the bizarre King Gwanghae and the humble acrobat Ha-sun, who stands in for the monarch when he faces the threat of being poisoned.
With 12.3 million tickets sold, Masquerade is the ninth highest-grossing South Korean film. Also, it swept the 49th Grand Bell Awards, winning in 15 categories, including Best Film, Director, Screenplay and Actor.
Plot
The confusing and conspiratorial 15th ruler of Korea's Joseon Dynasty King Gwang-hae (Lee Byung-hun) orders his Secretary of Defense, Heo Gyun (Ryu Seung-ryong), to find him a double in order to avoid the constant threat of assassination. In constant fear of being poisoned, the king becomes obnoxious and threatens everyone around him, including the kitchen maids. Heo gyun finds Ha-sun, a lowly acrobat and bawdy joker who looks remarkably like the king to replace the king occasionally whenever the king is out of the palace. In few days, just as feared, King Gwang-hae is drugged with Poppy by his favorite consort, conspired by the law minister. Heo Gyun proposes Ha-sun fill the role as the king until King Gwang-hae fully recovers and grooms Ha-sun to look and act like the king. While assuming the role of the king at his first official appearance, Ha-sun begins to ponder the intricacies of the problems debated in his court. Being fundamentally more humanitarian than King Gwang-hae, Ha-sun's affection and appreciation of even the most minor servants slowly changes morale in the palace for the better. Over time he finds his voice and takes control of governing the country with real insight and fair judgments. Even Heo Gyun and the Chief Eunuch are moved by Ha-sun's genuine concern for the people, and realize he is a better ruler than Gwang-hae. Ha-sun even fights for the respect of the Queen's safety and protects her and her brother from death sentences. However, his chief opposition, Park Chung-seo (Kim Myung-gon), notices the sudden shift in the king's behavior and starts to ask questions. The queen (Han Hyo-joo) is also conflicted between the real king and the fake king's secret. The Chief Eunuch and the Secretary of Defense ask Ha-sun to leave the country for good. The king was again brought back to the throne to punish the revolts.
Cast
Lee Byung-hun as King Gwanghae/Ha-sun
Ryu Seung-ryong as Chief Secretary Heo Gyun
Han Hyo-joo as Queen Consort Yoo
Jang Gwang as Chief Eunuch Jo
Kim In-kwon as Captain Do, the king's personal bodyguard
Shim Eun-kyung as Sa-wol, a food taster
Park Ji-a as Chief Court Lady Han
Shin Jung-geun as Lee Jung-rang
Kim Myung-gon as Interior Minister Park Chung-seo
Jeon Guk-hyang as Court Lady Jeong
Yang Joon-mo as Kim Joo-seo
Moon Chang-gil as the Left state councillors
Jeon Bae-soo as Hyung-pan
Do Yong-goo as Byung-pan
Yoo Soon-woong as Ho-pan
Lee Yang-hee as Gong-pan
Park Kyung-geun as a musician
Shin Woon-sup as Ye-pan
Kim Jong-goo as Gwanghae's royal physician
Lee El as Lady Ahn Gae-shi
Lee Joon-hyuk as a Lord
Seo Jin-won as General Overseer Do
Kim Hye-won as Courtesan Pearl
Kim Hak-joon as Yoo Jung-ho, Queen Yoo's father
Kim Hye-hwa as Plum Blossom Pot servant
Kim Seung-hoon as Yi-bang
Lee Bong-ryun as court woman 1
Kwon Bang-hyun as court woman 2
Lee Ran-hee as court woman 3
Lee Soo-yong as Kal Ja-gook
Kim Gil-dong as a Military officer
Kwon Eun-soo as Gwanghae's court lady
Seo Eun-jung as Gwanghae's court lady
Joo Young-ho as Gwanghae's astrologist 1
Jo Sung-hee as Gwanghae's astrologist 2
Min Jung-gi as Gwanghae's eunuch
Kim Bi-bi as Queen Yoo's maid
Background
Historically, Gwanghae, the 15th Joseon king from 1608 to 1623, attempted diplomacy through neutrality as China's Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) and Qing Dynasty (1636-1912) set their sights on the country. He also tried his hand at other reforms and reconstruction to try to make the nation prosperous, including an emphasis on the restoration of documents, but met with opposition and was later deposed and exiled to Jeju Island. Since he was deposed in a coup by the Westerners faction, historians did not give him a temple name like Taejo or Sejong.
The premise behind the film is an interpretation of the missing 15 days in the Seungjeongwon ilgi or Journal of the Royal Secretariat during Gwanghae's reign—designated by his 1616 journal entry, "One must not record that which he wishes to hide." That premise is entirely fictitious in nature. This is because
The Journal in itself is largely incomplete due to records being destroyed several times and reproductions of the destroyed documents also eventually being destroyed, leading to large missing chunks of records or questionable reproductions that may or may not have been edited every subsequent reproduction.
Relevant records written during the reign of Gwanghae are also largely missing.
Even if the Journal were complete, it is highly unlikely the Secretariat would delete or omit records, even by order of the King due to protocol. In fact, due to that same protocol the only thing that would happen is that after having received word or having witnessed a certain incident and subsequently ordered to not record it, the Secretariat would record the incident in full and finish the entry stating the King ordered him not to do so.
A prime example of the above would be when Taejong fell off his horse when hunting one day and asked the Secretariat to not record this in the journal. The Secretariat however went and recorded the incident and ended his entry with 'and His Majesty asked that the Secretariat not record this'
Production
Announced in early 2011 and initially titled I am the King of Joseon, The Prince and the Pauper-inspired historical film was to be directed by Kang Woo-suk and star Jung Jae-young as Gwanghae/Ha-sun and Yoo Jun-sang as Heo Gyun, but Kang left the project over differences of opinion with production firm CJ E&M.
In November 2011, they were replaced by director Choo Chang-min and actor Lee Byung-hun in his first ever historical film. A month later, Han Hyo-joo was cast as Lee's co-star.
The film was shot at the Namyangju Studio Complex in Gyeonggi Province.
Reception
Called by one review as one of the best South Korean costume dramas in years, the film drew praise for being beautifully written and emotionally involving, as well as for its accomplished acting, sure-handed direction, ambitious scale and commercial appeal. It became the second biggest hit film at the 2012 South Korean box office, attracting 8.2 million admissions in 25 days of release, then 9,091,633 after 31 days. On its 38th day, it became the 7th film in Korean cinema history to surpass the 10 million-milestone attendance. At the end of its theatrical run it was listed as Korea's all-time third highest-grossing film with 12,319,542 tickets sold nationwide (as of April 2015, it is currently sixth).
Adaptations
In theater
The film was adapted into a stage play which ran at Seoul's Dongsoong Art Center from February 23 to April 21, 2013. It was produced by Lee Byung-hun's agency BH Entertainment. Bae Soo-bin and musical theatre actor Kim Do-hyun alternated in the lead role of Gwanghae. As part of the promotion for the play, Lee, Bae and Kim were featured in a photo spread in the inaugural issue of Grazia Korea, published on February 20, 2013.
In television
Cable network tvN acquired rights for a television adaptation, starring Yeo Jin-goo. Developed for the station by Studio Dragon and produced by GT:st, it is to air in January 2019.
In other media
South Korean rapper Agust D draws from the film in his 2020 track Daechwita. The lyrics reference King Gwanghae, as well as rising through the ranks from poverty and servitude to become a king, while in the accompanying music video Agust D portrays a scarred Joseon tyrant, confronted by a modern doppleganger.
Awards and nominations
See also
I Am a King
Prem Ratan Dhan Payo
Notes
References
External links
Masquerade at Naver
2012 films
2010s historical drama films
South Korean historical drama films
South Korean political drama films
Films about politicians
Films set in the 15th century
Films set in the Joseon Dynasty
Films set in Seoul
Films directed by Choo Chang-min
Best Picture Grand Bell Award winners
2010s Korean-language films
CJ Entertainment films
Gwanghaegun of Joseon
2012 drama films
2010s political drama films
2010s South Korean films
The Accident Man is the first novel of the Samuel Carver series by English thriller writer, Tom Cain, released on 2 July 2007 through Bantam Press.
Plot
The novel proposes a fictional account for the events surrounding the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, based on some of the conspiracy theories in subsequent circulation. The central character, Samuel Carver, is an ex-marine, now assassin, who is tricked into committing the act. The story focuses on Carver's efforts to avoid his ex-employers' attempts on his life, whilst he tries to discover the origins of the "kill order", and bring those involved to justice.
Movie
The novel was optioned by Paramount Pictures in 2007, however this was during the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and no further details have been released since.
Reception
The novel was relatively well received, with critics mainly praising the novels fast-paced action and creative storyline. Some critics have, however, criticised the novels "not entirely believable" romance between Carver and his Russian would-be killer Alix.
Carol Memmott of USA Today praised the novel, calling it is a "thrill-a-minute debut" and commenting on Cain's "stunning imagining of the lives and minds of paid assassins and Russian gang members". In a review by The Calgary Herald for Canada.com, Dan Healing praises the novels "attention to detail", Cain's ability to both build and relax the tension at the right times; overall Healing calls the novel a "tour de force, especially for a first-time novelist". The Daily Telegraphs Susanna Yager stated, in a positive review, that "it's all splendidly implausible and ideal reading for the beach".
Oline H. Cogdill, for Pittsburgh Live, was more critical of the novel. She stated that "a predictable, and not entirely believable, romance mars "The Accident Man's" originality, as does the de rigueur villain who can't be killed but talks your ear off", however also states that "Cain keeps the scenery breathtaking and the action heart-stopping". These sentiments were mirrored by Publishers Weekly who opined that "hopefully, Cain will keep the mayhem and soft-pedal the love interest in his next Samuel Carver thriller". the New Statesman was particularly critical, with reviewer Hannah Davies finding the protagonist Carver to be "remarkably stupid", the premise to be "ludicrous"; stating, of the novel, "any originality is soon sacrificed to flashy set pieces".
References
2007 British novels
Novels set in Paris
Thriller novels
Novels by Tom Cain
Books about Diana, Princess of Wales
Bantam Books books
The Diocese of Sufar, is an ancient episcopal seat of the Roman province of Mauretania Caesariensis.
The location of the seat of the bishopric is now lost to history, but it was somewhere in today's Algeria.
Christianity seems to have come to Mauretania Caesariensis later than other parts of Roman North Africa, thereby avoiding many of the earlier controversies. Like most bishopric in the west of the province Sufar appears to have flourished only from in late antiquity some time after the Council of Nicaea. There are only Two bishops of Sufar mentioned by the ancient sources, both in the year 484. This leads Mesnage to hypothesize the existence of two towns called Sufar, An alternative interpretation is that the term Sufaritanus is the contraction of Sufasaritanus, and in this case one of the two bishops of 484 would belong to the diocese of Sufasar.
Sufar seems to have ceased to effectively function only with the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb.
Today Sufar survives as a titular bishopric and the current bishop is Robert P. Reed, who replaced Robert Francis Prevost in 2016.
Known bishops
Vittore (fl.484)
Romano (fl.484)
Patrick Joseph Casey (1965–1969)
Carlos Schmitt (1970–1971)
Ernst Gutting (1971–2013)
Robert Francis Prevost (2014–2015)
Robert P. Reed (2016–current)
See also
Mauretania Caesariensis
Sufasar
References
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Ancient Berber cities
David Hermann Engel (22 January 1816 – 3 May 1877) was a German organist and composer.
Life
Born in Neuruppin, after his first organ lessons with Friedrich Wilke in Neu-Ruppin, Engel studied with Friedrich Schneider in Dessau and Adolf Friedrich Hesse in Breslau. In 1841, he went to Berlin, where he worked as a music and singing teacher. Some of his works appeared in print here. His acquaintance with led him to study older Italian church music. His chorale book, published in 1844, earned him high recognition and as a result he received repeated commissions to compose for the . In 1848, Engel was elected organist at the Merseburg Cathedral.
Engel is considered the "discoverer" and patron of the organ builder Friedrich Ladegast.
Engel died in Merseburg at the age of 61.
Awards
Engel received the goldene Medaille für Kunst und Wissenschaft from the Prussian King for the publication of the Choralbuch zur gottesdienstlichen Feier für Kirche und Haus.
Work
Choralbuch (with interludes) zur gottesdienstlichen Feier für Kirche und Haus Op. 10, Berlin 1844
Der 81. Psalm Op. 11, Berlin 1847
Der 61. Psalm Op. 12, Eisleben 1852
Zehn Orgelstücke Op. 15, Erfurt 1855
Winfried und die heilige Eiche bei Geismar Op. 20
Geistliche Melodien aus dem 17. Jahrhundert Op. 24, Leipzig 1857
Zionsharfe Op. 26, Leipzig 1860
Weihnachts-Hymne Op. 37, Leipzig 1872
References
Further reading
Autobiography, in Galerie berühmter Pädagogen, verdienter Schulmänner, Jugend- und Volksschriftsteller und Componisten aus der Gegenwart in Biographien und biographischen Skizzen, 1 (1859), 5
External links
Engel, David Hermann: Beitrag zur Geschichte des Orgelbauwesens: eine Denkschrift zur Einweihung der durch Herrn Friedrich Ladegast erbauten großen Dom-Orgel zu Merseburg, nebst Disposition derselben (in German) Körner 1855
German classical organists
German classical composers
19th-century hymnwriters
1816 deaths
1877 deaths
People from Neuruppin
Socket 563 is a microPGA CPU socket used exclusively for low-power (16 W and 25 W TDP) Athlon XP-M processors (Models 8 & 10).
This socket can usually be found in laptops and requires a low-power mobile part in a special 563-pin µPGA package which is different from the Socket A (462 pin) package used for other Athlon processors.
There are desktop computer motherboards equipped with Socket 563. PCChips is known to have marketed such a board, the M863G Ver3 (actually made by ECS), bundled with a socket 563 processors and a heatsink.
See also
List of AMD microprocessors
Athlon XP-M
External links
Pictures of the PCChips M863G Ver3 equipped with socket 563
Pictures of 563-pin µPGA Athlon XP-M processors
References
Advanced Micro Devices mobile sockets
Bârsănești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Albele, Bârsănești, Brătești, and Caraclău.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Alliance Margaret M. Bloomfield High School is a public charter school located in Huntington Park, California.
External links
http://www.bloomfieldhs.org/, the official site
High schools in Los Angeles County, California
The buff-bellied monarch (Neolalage banksiana) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae. It is monotypic within the genus Neolalage. It is endemic to Vanuatu, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The buff-bellied monarch was originally described in the genus Lalage. Alternate names include Banksian monarch, buff-bellied flycatcher, New Hebrides flycatcher, New Hebrides monarch, Pacific monarch (a name shared with the pale-blue monarch) and Vanuatu flycatcher.
References
buff-bellied monarch
Birds of Vanuatu
Endemic fauna of Vanuatu
buff-bellied monarch
buff-bellied monarch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
KZDR may refer to:
KBMW-FM, a radio station (92.7 FM) licensed to serve Breckenridge, Minnesota, United States, which held the call sign KZDR from 2013 to 2016
KAZY, a radio station (93.7 FM) licensed to serve Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, which held the call sign KZDR from 2006 to 2008
Rosemarie Köhn (born 20 October 1939 in Rathenow) is a former bishop of the Church of Norway, holding that position in the Diocese of Hamar from 20 May 1993 to 1 November 2006.
Köhn was born to a German father and Norwegian mother and immigrated to Norway in 1946. She graduated from the University of Oslo with a degree in theology (candidata theologiæ) in 1966. Köhn worked as an assistant professor in Biblical Theology at the University of Oslo from 1976 to 1989, and principal of the Practical-Theological Seminary from 1989 to 1993.
In 1993, she was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Hamar, making her the first woman to hold the position of bishop in the Church of Norway. She stepped down from office on 1 November 2006 and was succeeded by Solveig Fiske. In 2004, in recognition of her work for the church, she was appointed a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav by King Harald V.
References
1939 births
Living people
People from Rathenow
People from the Province of Brandenburg
German emigrants to Norway
Bishops of Hamar
Women Lutheran bishops
20th-century Lutheran bishops
21st-century Lutheran bishops
Norwegian women academics
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
Bell Witch is an American doom metal band from Seattle, Washington, United States, formed in 2010. The group has no lead guitarist.
History
Bell Witch was formed in 2010 by Dylan Desmond and Adrian Guerra. In 2011, the group created a four-track demo that was released through a number of small record labels. With the success of that release, Bell Witch went on to create their first two studio albums, Longing (2012) and Four Phantoms (2015). In 2016, drummer and co-founding member Adrian Guerra died, shortly after being replaced by Jesse Shreibman on drums.
Less than a year later, Bell Witch released their third album, Mirror Reaper (2017), to critical acclaim. The album features vocals from Guerra that had been left over from the Four Phantoms sessions and acts as a tribute to him. Notably, Mirror Reaper comprises one 84-minute song of the same name. Mirror Reaper received significant national coverage, appearing on a number of year-end lists.
After performing vocals in the second half of Mirror Reaper, Erik Moggridge of Aerial Ruin collaborated with Bell Witch on their fourth album, Stygian Bough Volume 1 (2020).
Members
Current members
Dylan Desmond – vocals, bass (2010–present)
Jesse Shreibman – drums, vocals (2016–present)
Former members
Adrian Guerra – drums, vocals (2010–2016; died 2016)
Discography
Studio albums
Longing (Profound Lore Records, 2012)
Four Phantoms (Profound Lore Records, 2015)
Mirror Reaper (Profound Lore Records, 2017)
Stygian Bough Volume 1 (with Aerial Ruin; Profound Lore Records, 2020)
Other releases
Demo 2011 (various labels, 2011)
References
External links
Bell Witch on Discogs
Bell Witch on Bandcamp
American doom metal musical groups
2010 establishments in Washington (state)
Heavy metal musical groups from Washington (state)
Musical groups from Seattle
Musical groups established in 2010
Profound Lore Records artists
Karim Asad Ahmad Khan KC (born 30 March 1970) is a British lawyer and specialist in international criminal law and international human rights law who has served as Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court since 2021.
Following his appointment by United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres, he was, until 2021, an Assistant Secretary-General of the United Nations and served as the Special Adviser and Head of the UN Investigative Team for the Promotion of Accountability for Crimes Committed by Da'esh/ISIL in Iraq (UNITAD), which was established pursuant to Security Council Resolution 2379 (2017) to support domestic efforts to hold the Islamic State accountable for acts that may amount to war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity in Iraq.
On 12 February 2021, Khan was elected the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Education and early career
Educated at Silcoates School, Khan earned an LLB degree and AKC from King's College London. He was called to the Bar of England and Wales by Lincoln's Inn in 1992. He later attended Wolfson College at Oxford University as a Doctoral candidate (D.Phil.) in law, although he did not complete the course and does not hold a Doctorate. Between 1993 and 1996 Khan was a Crown Prosecutor at the Crown Prosecution Service of England and Wales, as well as a Senior Crown Prosecutor in 1995.
Career in international law
From 1997, Khan worked as a Legal Officer at the Office of the Prosecutor at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) between 1997 and 1998. He later served as Legal Adviser at the Office of the Prosecutor at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) until 2000.
Between 2006 and 2007 Khan was lead defence counsel to former President of Liberia Charles Taylor before the Special Court for Sierra Leone (SCSL).
Khan spent several years engaged in leading cases at the International Criminal Court (ICC), International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia (ECCC), and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon (STL). In 2008, he was appointed Lead Counsel to former Le Monde journalist Florence Hartmann, who had served as chief spokesperson to ICTY and ICTR prosecutor Carla del Ponte, when she was charged with contempt of court. Between 2008 and 2010, he was engaged as Lead Counsel before the ICC representing Sudanese rebel leader Bahr Idriss Abu Garda, the first ICC suspect to voluntarily surrender to the jurisdiction of the Court. In January 2011, he was instructed as Lead Counsel to represent Francis Muthaura before the ICC in relation to the post-election violence in 2007-2008. He later served as Lead Counsel for Deputy President of Kenya William Ruto before the ICC, and Lead Counsel for Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo Fatmir Limaj before the EULEX Court in Kosovo from 2014 until 2017. He also served as the Lead Counsel for Saif al-Islam Gaddafi and Baghdadi Mahmudi at the ICC.
Khan represented a group of Anglophone human rights lawyers charged with terrorism and other offences before the Military Court in Yaoundé, Cameroon, as international counsel from February 2017 until September 2017. He led the team that advised Cham and Albanian communities in relation to their expulsion from Greece, and subsequent expropriation of property after the Second World War. He was lead counsel for a large victims case in Sierra Leone arising out of the ECOMOG intervention in 1999–2002, and he represented more than 100,000 victim claimants from the Kipsigi and Talai communities in Kenya seeking redress for alleged human rights violations committed during the colonial period.
Until June 2021, Khan was based in Baghdad, Iraq, and served as Special Adviser and Head of the Investigative Team for the United Nations Investigative Team for the Promotion of Accountability for Crimes Committed by Da'esh/ISIL in Iraq (UNITAD), established pursuant to Security Council resolution 2379 (2017). Khan led the team in achieving its mandate in the collection, storage, and preservation of evidence related to crimes committed by Da'esh/ISIL; the promotion throughout the world of accountability for the crimes committed by Da'esh/ISIL; to work with survivors in recognition of their interest in the achievement of accountability for crimes to which they have been subjected; to respect the sovereignty of the Government of Iraq in performing this investigation.
Khan met with government, religious, and community leadership across Iraq as part of his mandate at UNITAD.
In February 2021, Khan was elected chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court on a nine-year term during the second round of voting, receiving votes from 72 out of 123 member states (62 needed). Khan was the third chief prosecutor elected in the ICC's history, and the first one elected by secret ballot. Khan had been nominated by the United Kingdom. He took office in June 2021, replacing Fatou Bensouda.
Ukraine 2022
In 2022, Khan stated about the war in Ukraine "We have reasonable grounds to believe that crimes within the jurisdiction of the court are being committed"
Other activities
Between 1996 and 1997, Khan was a member of the Law Commission of England and Wales. He is a life member of the Human Rights Institute, International Bar Association (IBA), and a founding director of the Peace and Justice Initiative, a Hague-based NGO focused on effective implementation of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court at national levels.
Khan served until 2018 as a member of the executive council and the victims committee of the International Criminal Court Bar Association, and he was the president of the ICCBA from June 2017 to June 2018. At the end of his tenure, Khan was appointed the first honorary president of the ICCBA. In July 2018, he was recognised as a worldwide ambassador of the African Bar Association.
Khan was appointed Queen's Counsel in 2011. He is a member of Temple Garden Chambers London.
Personal life
Khan is of Pakistani descent and he is an Ahmadi Muslim. One of his brothers is the former independent (previously Conservative) British MP Imran Ahmad Khan.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Lawyers from Edinburgh
International Criminal Court prosecutors
British prosecutors
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Queen's Counsel 2001–
English Queen's Counsel
British lawyers of Pakistani descent
British Ahmadis
People educated at Silcoates School
Alumni of King's College London
Associates of King's College
20th-century British lawyers
21st-century British lawyers
"Talk That Talk" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her 2011 studio album of the same name. It features a rap verse by American rapper Jay-Z, who had previously collaborated with Rihanna on her song "Umbrella" in 2007 and "Run This Town" in 2009. The song was written by Jay-Z, Ester Dean, together with the Norwegian production duo Stargate. Def Jam Recordings serviced the track to urban contemporary radio in the United States on January 17, 2012, as the third single from Talk That Talk. It was released in France as a CD single on March 26. "Talk That Talk" is a hip hop song with R&B beats, rough drums and unrefined synths, and has a similar style to Rihanna's 2010 single "Rude Boy". It contains a brief sample of "I Got a Story to Tell" by the Notorious B.I.G. Therefore, the Buckwild, Sean Combs, Chucky Thompson, and the Notorious B.I.G are credited as songwriters despite the Notorious B.I.G's death in 1997.
The single was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 2013 ceremony. The song appeared on several charts worldwide; it reached number 31 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number 25 on the UK Singles Chart, and the top ten in Israel, Norway, and South Korea. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting digital downloads of over one million copies in the US. Rihanna performed "Talk That Talk" on television shows such as The Jonathan Ross Show and Saturday Night Live, and included it on the set lists of the 2013 Diamonds and the 2014 The Monster Tour with Eminem.
Background
Before her sixth studio album Talk That Talk was released in November 2011, Rihanna announced on her Twitter account that, apart from the song "We Found Love" with Calvin Harris, the album would have only one other featured artist, although she did not mention the artist's name. Jay Brown, Rihanna's manager, explained that they preferred to record independently rather than collaborate with other artists. On November 8, Rihanna confirmed on Twitter that her mentor, American rapper Jay-Z, would appear as a featured artist on the album's title track. Brown said that the collaboration "happened organically".
"Talk That Talk" is the third major collaboration between Rihanna and Jay-Z, who had worked together on "Umbrella" in 2007 and "Run This Town" in 2009. "Umbrella" was the lead single from Rihanna's 2007 album Good Girl Gone Bad and topped the charts in more than ten countries, including the US Billboard Hot 100, on which it spent seven consecutive weeks at number one. "Run This Town", which also featured rapper Kanye West, was released as the second single from Jay-Z's 2009 album The Blueprint 3.
Production and release
"Talk That Talk" was written by Ester Dean, Jay-Z, Stargate, Anthony Best, Sean Combs, and Chucky Thompson, and produced by Stargate. They had produced Rihanna's 2010 hit singles "Only Girl (In the World)" and "What's My Name?" for her fifth album Loud. Stargate told Norwegian website 730.no that it was their first collaboration with Jay-Z and said that they were very satisfied with both the song and each artist's contribution. "Talk That Talk" was recorded at Roc the Mic Studios and The Jungle City Studios in New York City, Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, and The Hide Out Studios in London. Stargate, Miles Walker, and Mike Anderson served as the song's recording engineers. Rihanna's vocals were recorded by Marcos Tovar and Kuk Harrell, who additionally produced them, while Jordan "DJ Swivel" Young recorded Jay-Z's verses. Additional recording of the song was done in Sofitel Paris Le Faubourg and Savoy London hotels. "Talk That Talk" was mixed by Phil Tan and assistant Daniela Rivera at Ninja Beat Club Studios in Atlanta. Eriksen and Hermansen recorded the song's instrumentation, and Tim Blacksmith and Danny D. were assigned as its executive producers.
In December 2011, Rihanna asked her fans on Twitter to recommend a song from Talk That Talk for release as the third single. On January 10, 2012, she announced that the title track was chosen and also debuted the single's cover—a black-and-white image in which Rihanna is dressed in "street punk/rockabilly clothes" and crouches against a wall. According to Jazmine Gray of Vibe magazine, the singer has an ambiguous facial expression on the cover. On January 17, Def Jam Recordings serviced "Talk That Talk" to urban contemporary radio stations in the United States. It was also sent to US contemporary hit and rhythmic radios on February 14. On March 26, "Talk That Talk" was released in France as a CD single, which contained the album version of the song and the Chuckie Extended Remix of "We Found Love".
Composition and lyrical interpretation
"Talk That Talk" has a length of three minutes and twenty-nine seconds. Time magazine's Claire Suddath characterized it as a lively hip hop track with a pop hook. It features R&B beats, "hard drums", unrefined synths, and a brief sample of the song "I Got a Story to Tell" by rapper The Notorious B.I.G., which can be found at 0:44.
Sam Lansky of MTV Buzzworthy found it sensual and confident, and observed that Rihanna counts when she sings the song's chorus. IGN's Chad Grischow wrote that a "fuzzy synth melody" interjects Rihanna's "sexy plea for pillow talk", which is complemented by "bling-loving rap from Jay-Z." Digital Spy's Robert Copsey felt that its riff is similar to Rihanna's 2010 single "Rude Boy".
The song begins with a rap verse performed by Jay-Z, whose lines include: "I talk big money, I talk big homes / I sell out arenas, I call that getting dome / Million dollar voice, came through phone / We're heading to the top, if you're coming, come on". He raps at a slow pace and incorporates both double entendres and humorous remarks, including a sexual reference that Claire Suddath viewed, was an indication of Jay-Z's enjoyment on the song: "[I] had it by her bladder, she's like 'Oh I gotta pee!'." Melissa Maerz from Entertainment Weekly remarked that he "even touts their jet-set lifestyle on the title track, bragging that he can fly out to Pisa / Just to get some pizza."
Critical reception
Daily Mirror critic Gavin Martin commented that the song has Rihanna "stealing not just Beyoncé's bootylicious crown but also her husband Jay-Z for a frisky exchange against sibilant drum cracks." Sputnikmusic's Steve M. felt that it could be a major hit on radio partly because of Jay-Z's guest rap. Reem Buhazza of The National similarly felt that "Talk That Talk", along with "You da One" and "Roc Me Out", is part of "the winning combination of made-for-radio pop sensibility". David Griffiths from 4Music found the song to be compelling and viewed it as another successful collaboration between Rihanna and Jay-Z. Lansky from MTV Buzzworthy was not surprised that another collaboration between the two was a success. MTV News' Jocelyn Vena called it "big and hard with just enough brightness" and felt that the song discusses sexual intercourse more appropriately than "Cockiness (Love It)"; in the latter, Rihanna expresses her desire to have sex while singing the lyrics "Suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion".
Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars and called it an enticing, anthemic club song. In a review of Talk That Talk, Pitchforks Lindsay Zoladz wrote that it is one of the album's more lighthearted songs, even though it is not as good as "Umbrella". Consequence of Sound's Chris Coplan found Jay-Z's rap unenthusiastic, but said that Rihanna is as emotional and invested in her singing as she was on Saturday Night Live. People magazine's Chuck Arnold called the song "another moment in the sun." Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of Spin thought that it is a collaboration that "does not go unnoticed". On the critical side, Priya Elan of NME wrote that the song is a "gamble that doesn't pay off". The single was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards. but lost to "No Church in the Wild" (2012) by Jay-Z and Kanye West featuring Frank Ocean and The-Dream.
Commercial performance
After the release of the album, the song charted in many countries owing to strong digital sales. It debuted and peaked at number 31 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and sold 73,000 digital copies, which was the highest debut on the chart for that week. In the week of January 28, 2012, "Talk That Talk" re-entered the chart at number 100. It reached number 36 in the week of March 24. The song also appeared on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number 63 in the issue dated January 28. It peaked of number 12 and stayed on the chart for 21 weeks. It was ranked number 73 on the Billboards year-end R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. On the Mainstream Top 40 chart, the single debuted and peaked at number 26 in the week of April 7. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting digital downloads of 1 million copies in the United States. "Talk That Talk" debuted and peaked at number 30 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart.
In Europe, after the release of the album, the song appeared on ten national charts. It debuted at number 25 on the UK Singles Chart, and reached number seven on the UK Hip Hop and R&B Singles Chart. The song made a top-ten debut on the Norwegian Singles Chart and charted at number 11 on the Swiss Singles Chart. It also made top-forty appearances in the Republic of Ireland, New Zealand, and Spain, and also entered the top thirty in Scotland, France, and Denmark. After its release as a single, "Talk That Talk" entered the Australian Singles Chart at number 42 and peaked at number 28 on February 19. It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for selling 70,000 digital copies. It peaked at number 172 on the Circle Digital Chart in South Korea.
Live performances
Rihanna first performed "Talk That Talk" on the British talk show The Jonathan Ross Show, which aired on March 3, 2012. She performed without Jay-Z and was also interviewed. On May 5, Rihanna performed the song on the American comedy show Saturday Night Live as part of a medley that included the original interlude version of "Birthday Cake". In her performance, she wore an all-black outfit with a giant spider web as her backdrop. She sang a short section of "Birthday Cake", which transitioned into "Talk That Talk", of which the latter was performed in its entirety. Rihanna and Jay-Z performed "Talk That Talk" together at the 2012 BBC Radio 1's Hackney Weekend in London. The performance also featured their previous collaborations "Run This Town" and "Umbrella". In November, she performed the song on the set list of her 777 Tour, a seven-day long promotional tour that supported the release of her 2012 album Unapologetic. "Talk That Talk" was also included on the set list of her 2013 Diamonds World Tour. Rihanna performed the song on her joint tour with rapper Eminem, titled The Monster Tour in 2014.
Track listing
CD
"Talk That Talk" (featuring Jay-Z)
"We Found Love" (Chuckie extended remix)
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Talk That Talk.
Locations
Recorded at Roc the Mic Studios and The Jungle City Studios, New York City; Westlake Recording Studios, Los Angeles, CA; The Hide Out Studios, London
Mixed at Ninja Club Studios, Atlanta, GA
Personnel
Songwriting – Ester Dean, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Shawn Carter, Anthony Best, Sean Combs, Chucky Thompson, Christopher Wallace
Production – Stargate
Recording – Mikkel S. Eriksen, Miles Walker, Mike Anderson
Vocal Production – Kuk Harrell
Vocal Recording – Kuk Harrell, Marcos Tovar, Jordan "DJ" Swivel Young
Mixing – Phil Tan
Mixing assistant – Daniela Rivera
Instrumentation – Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen
Executive producers – Tim Blacksmith, Danny D.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2011 songs
2012 singles
Rihanna songs
Jay-Z songs
Song recordings produced by Kuk Harrell
Song recordings produced by Stargate (record producers)
Songs written by Buckwild (music producer)
Songs written by Chucky Thompson
Songs written by Ester Dean
Songs written by Jay-Z
Songs written by Mikkel Storleer Eriksen
Songs written by Sean Combs
Songs written by the Notorious B.I.G.
Songs written by Tor Erik Hermansen
Def Jam Recordings singles
Mario Frank (born 31 May 1958) qualified in Germany as a lawyer. He holds a West German doctorate, obtained for a piece of work on the East German Ministry of Justice. He has pursued a managerial career in the media sector. For a year during 2007/2008 he was chief executive of the Spiegel publishing group. In recent decades he has emerged as an important political biographer.
Life
Mario Frank was born in Rostock, a major port city on the north coast of what was at that time the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). He spent most of his childhood in Switzerland, but by the time he was due to undertake his military service he did so in West Germany, at Landshut. It was also in Bavaria that he commenced his university study of jurisprudence, at University of Regensburg, but by the time he completed his degree he had moved again, this time to Freiburg im Breisgau, which is also where he passed his level I national law exams. After that he took a position as a referendary (loosely: "legal trainee") at the Berlin high court ("Kammergericht"), and then at the German-South African chamber of commerce in Johannesburg. He passed his level II national law exams in Berlin in 1987. In 1988 he received from the University of Regensburg his doctorate of laws in exchange for a dissertation on developments at the East German Ministry of Justice
In 1987 Frank embarked on a professional career in the media sector, employed as an assistant to , who at that time was the chairman of Bertelsmann. In 1989 he sought to broaden his experience with a move to the Gruner + Jahr publishing conglomerate, initially as operations director at the Hamburger Morgenpost (newspaper) and subsequently as publishing and managing director at the company's "Boulevard newspapers" division in Hamburg, Dresden and Berlin. In 1994 he was appointed chief executive ("Geschäftsführer") at the "Dresdner Druck- und Verlagshaus GmbH & Co. KG" (printing and publishing business) which included in its portfolio the "Sächsische Zeitung" and the region's version of the "Morgenpost" (newspaper).
At the start of 2007 he was appointed sole chief executive of the Spiegel publishing group. His responsibilities encompassed not just the magazine but also its television company and its web presence. His time at Spiegel was characterised by a certain amount of conflict, however, and during the summer of 2008 he left. His agreed resignation was formalised with effect from 15 September 2008. Since 2011 Frank has worked as a self-employed lawyer in Berlin, focusing on family law. Alongside that, between 2013 and 2016 he held a senior position with the newly launched Berlin Communications Consultancy "von Neuem".
The author
In parallel with his professional career, Frank has emerged as an author on contemporary history. His biography of Walter Ulbricht appeared in 2001 and has become, in the eyes of many, a standard academic work. His work "Der Tod im Führerbunker – Hitlers letzte Tage" ("Death in the Führerbunker - Hitler's final days") has already been translated into five languages, with non-German editions appearing under licence in Poland, France, Latvia, Hungary and the Czech Republic. In October 2013 he published his biographical study of Joachim Gauck, at that time the President of Germany and, like Mario Frank, a man who came originally from Rostock.
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Rostock
People from Bezirk Rostock
German business executives
Jurists from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
German biographers
21st-century German historians
was the 5th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). His courtesy title was Hōki-no-kami, and his Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Shigemoto was the eldest son of Mizoguchi Shigekatsu and was born in Shibata. He was received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi in 1694 and became daimyō in 1706 on the retirement of his father. He encouraged the development of scholarship and martial arts in the domain, and invited disciples of the noted Confucian philosopher and educator Itō Jinsai to the domain in 1715.
He died in Edo in 1719 at the age of 39. His grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Shigemoto was married to a daughter of Maida Toshiaki of Daishōji Domain, and after her death remarried to Masa, the daughter of the kuge Nakanoin Michiomi. He had 2 sons and 1 daughter; however, his eldest son and daughter both died in childhood.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1680 births
1719 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
Old Town San Diego State Historic Park, located in the Old Town neighborhood of San Diego, California, is a state protected historical park in San Diego. It commemorates the early days of the City of San Diego and includes many historic buildings from the period 1820 to 1870. The park was established in 1968. In 2005 and 2006, California State Parks listed Old Town San Diego as the most visited state park in California.
In 1969, the site was registered as California Historical Landmark #830. Then on September 3, 1971, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Old Town San Diego Historic District.
History
The first European settlement on the West Coast of the present-day United States was the San Diego Presidio, a military outpost of Spanish California, founded by Gaspar de Portolà in 1769. Mission San Diego de Alcalá was founded by Father Junípero Serra the same year. The Presidio and Mission were originally built on a bluff above the San Diego River, Presidio Hill, which is now the site of the city-owned Presidio Park and which is immediately adjacent to Old Town State Historic Park.
After five years the Mission moved to a location several miles upriver at the present site of Mission San Diego de Alcalá. Presidio Hill remained the primary settlement for several decades because it was defensible against attack by European enemies or hostile Native Americans. As the need for defense decreased, settlers preferred to live at the base of the hill because of greater convenience. In the 1820s the town of San Diego grew up at the base of the bluff, at the site commemorated by Old Town San Diego State Historic Park. The Presidio was abandoned and fell into disrepair.
During the pueblo period following Mexican independence, the Old Town area was the commercial and governmental hub of the region, even though its population was never more than a few hundred. San Diego during this period is vividly described by Richard Henry Dana, Jr. in his classic book Two Years Before the Mast. In 1834 the Mexican government granted San Diego the status of a pueblo or chartered town; however, its pueblo status was revoked in 1838 due to declining population. One problem limiting the town's growth was its location far from navigable water. All imports and exports had to be brought ashore in Point Loma and carried several miles over the La Playa Trail to the town.
When California was admitted to the United States in 1850, San Diego (still largely limited to the Old Town area) was made the county seat of San Diego County, even though the town's population was only 650.
The Old Town area remained the heart of the city of San Diego until the 1860s, when a newcomer to San Diego named Alonzo Horton began to promote development at the site of present-day Downtown San Diego. Residents and businesses quickly abandoned "Old Town" for Horton's "New Town" because of New Town's proximity to shipping. In 1871 government records were moved from Old Town to a new county courthouse in New Town, and Downtown permanently eclipsed Old Town as the focal point of San Diego.
Old Town San Diego State Historic Park preserves and recreates Old Town as it existed during the Mexican and early American periods, from its settlement in 1821, through 1872 when it lost its dominant position to Downtown.
The Old Town area is a popular tourist destination, known especially for its Mexican restaurants. The state park itself hosts several eating establishments, and other restaurants and gift shops are found in the surrounding neighborhood.
Attractions
Five original adobe buildings are part of the complex, which includes shops, restaurants and museums. Other historic buildings include a schoolhouse, a blacksmith shop, San Diego's first newspaper office, a cigar and pipe store, houses and gardens, and a stable with a carriage collection. There are also stores, with local artisans demonstrating their craft. There is no charge to enter the state park or any of its museums.
The museums include:
Casa de Estudillo, 1827 adobe house, a National Historic Landmark in its own right
Casa de Machado y Silvas, 1840s adobe
Casa de Machado y Stewart, a restored 19th century adobe
Blackhawk Smithy & Stable, which features blacksmith demonstrations
Colorado House, reconstructed 1850s hotel building that serves as the Wells Fargo History Museum(Now closed), featuring a reconstructed 19th-century stage stop and telegraph office
First San Diego Courthouse, a reconstructed mid-19th century courthouse
Johnson House, a reconstructed mid-19th century office building later the house of George Alonzo Johnson.
Mason Street School, the first public school house in San Diego
Racine and Laramie ("La Casa de Rodriguez"), a reconstructed mid-19th century period tobacconist
San Diego Union Museum, a mid-19th century period newspaper office and print shop
Seeley Stables, a reconstructed mid-19th century stable and barns that feature horse-drawn buggies, wagons, carriages and western memorabilia
Cosmopolitan Hotel and Restaurant ("La Casa de Bandini"), an 1870 restored hotel, still working as hotel and restaurant.
Living history demonstrations and free tours are regularly scheduled. Historical interpretation is primarily carried out by park employees and volunteers, and the Mexican Commercial corner is host to several locally based small businesses and artists.
Commercial concessions
The commercial facilities in Old Town State Park, such as restaurants and gift shops, are managed by outside contractors. For more than 30 years the largest single contractor was Bazaar del Mundo ("Bazaar of the World"), run by San Diego businesswoman Diane Powers. In a controversial move, in 2005 the state park agency did not renew her contract but awarded it to Plaza del Pasado ("Plaza of the Past"), run by Delaware North Companies. The goal was to create a more authentic and historically accurate presentation and appreciation of life and commerce in San Diego from 1821 to 1872. However revenue plunged under the new management. In spring 2009, Delaware North withdrew from its contract with the state and management changed hands to the Old Town Family Hospitality Corporation, headed by local restaurateur Chuck Ross. The commercial area is now called Fiesta de Reyes ("Festival of the Kings").
Adjacent attractions
Adjacent to the state park is Heritage County Park, run by San Diego County. It houses seven buildings from the 1880s and 1890s which have been moved there from elsewhere in the city.
Also nearby is the Mormon Battalion Monument and Visitor Center. The city-owned Presidio Park, site of the original Presidio of San Diego, is on the adjacent hill.
The San Diego Sheriff's Museum and Educational Center is located in Old Town. It includes police equipment, uniforms, patrol car, helicopter, motorcycle, a jail cell and courtroom.
The Whaley House museum is also nearby.
Gallery
See also
Old Town San Diego
History of San Diego
References
External links
Official Old Town San Diego State Historic Park website
San Diego Historical Society: Old Town San Diego State Historic Park — full list of sights and museums.
San Diego Union Tribune : "Casa de Reyes: A Familiar Taste of Old Town"
San Diego Metropolitan Magazine: "Historic Accuracy Highlights the Newest Old Town Menus"
California State Historic Parks
Museums in San Diego
History museums in California
Open-air museums in California
Parks in San Diego
American West museums in California
Historic districts in San Diego
History of San Diego
Houses in San Diego
National Register of Historic Places in San Diego
Protected areas established in 1968
1968 establishments in California
The Californias
Mexican California
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Blacksmith shops
Ross Alexander McLean (born 16 March 1981) is an English cricketer. McLean is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast. He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire, and was educated at Duston Upper School before later attending the University of Leeds.
Career
McLean made his debut for the Northamptonshire Cricket Board (NCB) against the Essex Cricket Board in the 1999 MCCA Knockout Trophy. He made three further appearances in that competition in 2000, as well as making his List A debut for the NCB against Northumberland in the 2000 NatWest Trophy at the County Ground, Northampton. In a match which Northumberland won by 6 wickets, McLean ended the NCB's innings of 173/8 not out on 10. Bowling ten overs in Northumberland's innings, McLean took the wicket of Wayne Falla to finish with figures of 1/21. Two years later he made a fifth and final MCCA Knockout Trophy appearance for the NCB against Devon, as well as making a second and final List A appearance in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy against the Yorkshire Cricket Board at the County Ground. In a match which the Yorkshire Cricket Board won by 57 runs, McLean bowled five wicketless overs which conceded 32 runs, while he ended the NCB's innings of 176 all out not out on 2. While attending the University of Leeds, McLean played for Leeds/Bradford UCCE before it gained first-class status.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Cricketers from Northampton
Alumni of the University of Leeds
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Hallam Benjamen Amos (born 24 September 1994) is a former Welsh rugby union player who played for Cardiff Rugby and Newport Gwent Dragons. He mostly played as a wing, but he was also capable of playing at fullback and as a centre. Born in Stockport, England, he came through the Newport Gwent Dragons academy and made his professional debut for the region in October 2011 at the age of , briefly making him the youngest player to appear for one of the four Welsh regional sides. After eight years with the Dragons, during which time he made 115 appearances, he moved to the Cardiff Blues in 2019.
Amos also represented Wales in international rugby. After playing at under-16 level, he played for the under-20s in the 2013 Six Nations Under 20s Championship, before making his full international debut later that year, against Tonga in the 2013 Autumn internationals. He scored his first international try in Wales' opening game at the 2015 Rugby World Cup, a 54–9 win over Uruguay. He has since gone on to earn a total of 25 international caps, scoring six tries.
In October 2021, Amos announced his retirement from professional rugby union to focus on his medical career.
Playing career
Club rugby
Amos made his debut for the Newport Gwent Dragons against Wasps in the Anglo-Welsh Cup on 22 October 2011, aged . In doing so, Amos broke the record for the youngest player to play Welsh regional rugby held by Kristian Phillips of the Ospreys. Amos also scored a try on his debut.
On 21 March 2019, Cardiff Blues announced that Amos would be joining the squad for the 2019–20 season. In October 2021, Amos announced that he would be retiring from professional rugby union at the end of the 2021–22 season, at the age of 27, to focus on his medical career.
International career
In January 2013 Amos was selected in the Wales Under 20 squad for the 2013 Under 20 Six Nations Championship, having previously played for Wales Under 16 and Wales Under 18. That summer he played in the Under 20 World Cup, where Wales reached the final.
In November 2013 Amos was called up to the senior Wales squad for the Autumn international series matches. He made his full international debut on the wing versus Tonga on 22 November 2013. Amos was narrowly denied a try by his right foot being in touch.
In September 2015, Amos was selected in the Wales squad for the 2015 Rugby World Cup, where he scored his first international try in Wales' opening game against Uruguay. A week later he played in the victory against England, but a shoulder injury in this match meant he could play no further part in the tournament.
In April 2018, Amos was selected as a member of the Commonwealth Games squad to play in the Gold Coast for the Wales Rugby Sevens team. Amos was involved in the 2019 Six Nations Championship, where Wales won the Grand Slam.
In September 2019, Amos was selected in the Wales squad for the 2019 Rugby World Cup. He played in the bronze medal match against New Zealand, scoring Wales' opening try.
In Wales' victorious campaign in the 2021 Six Nations Championship, Amos started their opening match against Ireland.
Alongside Shane Williams and Gareth Thomas, Amos is one of only three Welshmen to have scored international Test tries against New Zealand, South Africa, Australia and Argentina.
International tries
Personal life
Amos is currently studying medicine at the Cardiff University School of Medicine, following in the footsteps of both his doctor parents and other Welsh international rugby players such as J. P. R. Williams and Jamie Roberts. During his studies at Cardiff, he completed an intercalated degree in neuroscience, in which he achieved First Class Honours.
References
External links
Dragons profile
1994 births
Living people
Welsh rugby union players
Wales international rugby union players
Dragons RFC players
Bedwas RFC players
Newport RFC players
Cardiff Rugby players
Rugby union wings
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Stockport
The 2/13th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army, which served during World War II. Formed in April 1940 from volunteers drawn primarily from New South Wales, as part of the 20th Brigade of the 7th Division, the battalion served in North Africa in 1941–1942, after being reassigned to the 9th Division. While most of the 9th Division was withdrawn from Tobruk, during October 1942, the battalion remained and fought alongside the new garrison built around the British 70th Division. Following the lifting of the siege, the battalion returned to Australia during 1943. It later took part in campaigns against the Japanese in New Guinea in 1943–1944 and Borneo in 1945, before being disbanded in 1946.
History
Formation
The 2/13th Battalion was established in April 1940, from Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF) volunteers drawn primarily from the state of New South Wales, the 2/13th Battalion. Along with the 2/15th and 2/17th Battalions, it formed part of the 20th Brigade, which was assigned on formation to the 7th Division. With an authorised strength of around 900 personnel, like other Australian infantry battalions of the time, the 2/13th was formed around a nucleus of four rifle companies, each consisting of three platoons.
Throughout the war, the 2/13th had six different unit colour patches (UCPs). The colours initially chosen for the battalion's UCP were the same as those of the 13th Battalion, a unit which had served during World War I before being raised as a Militia formation in 1921. These colours were light blue over dark blue, in a horizontal rectangle shape, with a border of gray in a diamond shape was later added to the UCP to distinguish the battalion from its Militia counterpart. Later, as the 7th Division was formed, it was decided that the division's colour patches would utilise a diamond shape to set them apart from the battalions of the 6th Division, so the battalion's colour patch was changed to a light blue over dark blue diamond. This was later changed to a black and red diamond inside a gray diamond border to conform with regulations that stipulated that the 20th Brigade's defining colour was to be red, although this did not last long, with the light blue over dark blue rectangle being restored shortly afterwards, being presented inside a gray diamond. A further change occurred when the battalion was transferred to the 9th Division, at which point it adopted a light blue over dark blue rectangle inside a gray circle. This remained the battalion's UCP until after the fighting at Tobruk, when it adopted a 'T'-shaped UCP.
Individual training was undertaken at Ingleburn Army Camp, before the battalion marched in mid-August to Bathurst Army Camp where collective training was completed. By October the battalion was ready to deploy overseas and, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Burrows, previously commanding officer of the 36th Battalion embarked along with the rest of the brigade from Sydney, bound for the Middle East on board the Queen Mary. While at sea, a reorganisation of the 7th and 9th Divisions resulted in several brigades being reallocated, and as a consequence the 2/13th, was reassigned to the 9th Division, along with the rest of the 20th Brigade.
Middle East
Sailing via Bombay, in India, where the battalion briefly camped at Deolali before transferring to the transport Christiaan Huygens on 12 November 1940. The battalion arrived in Egypt at the end of the month, disembarking at El Kantara on 26 November. After moving into camp at Kilo 89, on Gaza Ridge, they then spent several months completing further training in Palestine before the partially trained 9th Division was deployed to Cyrenaica in March 1941 following the departure of the 6th Division to Greece. Following the arrival of German forces in North Africa, the British were pushed onto the defensive and they were forced to withdraw from Benghazi to the strategic port of Tobruk, which subsequently fell under siege; the 2/13th formed part of the rearguard during the withdrawal during which it gained the distinction of being the first Australian Army unit to see action against the Germans, fighting a short, but sharp delaying action at Er Regima on 4 April 1941 against a force three times their size. At the time, the 2/13th had not yet completed its training, and was hastily equipped with captured Italian heavy weapons, mortars and signals equipment as it was put into the line on the rocky high ground around the Benina airfield. With one company guarding prisoners around Barce, the remainder of the 2/13th first went into action in the afternoon of 4 April 1941, as German infantry and tanks attacked their position over several hours. With support from a British artillery regiment, the 2/13th held their ground until late in the evening, until captured Italian vehicles were brought up to withdraw the battalion. The fighting cost the 2/13th Battalion 98 casualties.
Following this, the 2/13th joined the Tobruk garrison, as the port was surrounded. During the siege, the battalion occupied the perimeter and undertook defensive duties, remaining there for eight months, with the distinction of being the only Australian infantry battalion to see out the length of the siege, remaining alongside the new garrison built around the British 70th Division. The other Australian units were withdrawn earlier by sea and the intention had been to do the same for the 2/13th in October 1941, but the convoy scheduled to take the 2/13th out of Tobruk had been repelled by an Axis air attack and the British later asked for the battalion, less its advanced party which had already been evacuated, to remain for the subsequent break out attempt.
In November, the British launched Operation Crusader, to relieve the garrison at Tobruk. As part of this effort, the 2/13th Battalion was tasked with recapturing El Duda in late November after a battalion of the Essex Regiment was forced off the position. Supported by British armour and artillery, two companies totalling 160 men assaulted the position which was held by force of around 450 Germans. In the fighting that followed heavy casualties were inflicted on the defenders who were forced from the position, leaving 167 men who were taken prisoner. Following the capture of El Duda, the 2/13th undertook patrol actions in their sector, and endured a heavy bombardment, which resulted in further casualties, including the commanding officer, Burrows, after which Major George Colvin temporarily assumed command of the battalion in the field.
After the relief of Tobruk, in December 1941, the battalion moved to Palestine where it rejoined the rest of the 9th Division and subsequently undertook garrison duty in Syria, as part of the Allied occupation force that had been established there following the conclusion of the fighting against the Vichy French forces in the Syria–Lebanon campaign. During this period, Lieutenant Colonel Robert Turner took over command of the battalion. The 2/13th remained in Syria, based around Tripoli initially before moving to Aleppo, until July 1942 when the situation in North Africa became critical and the 9th Division was hurriedly moved west to El Alamein as the German Afrika Korps and Italian forces advanced towards Egypt. For the next four months, the battalion defended the northern sector of the Allied line, occupying Tel el Eisa in August, and then taking part in the Second Battle of El Alamein in October and November 1942. During the height of the battle, Turner was mortally wounded and command of the 2/13th fell to Colvin once again; he was subsequently confirmed in the position in later October 1942 and would command the 2/13th for the remainder of the war.
Pacific
The fighting around Tel el Eisa was the 2/13th's last involvement in the fighting in North Africa as the 9th Division was recalled to Australia in early 1943 to take part in the fighting against the Japanese in the Pacific, joining the other two 2nd AIF divisions – the 6th and 7th – which had been transported back the year before. Departing Egypt in January 1943 aboard the Acquitania, the 2/13th reached Sydney the following month. The battalion's personnel were given a long period of leave, before it was reconstituted on the Atherton Tablelands, in Queensland, where it was re-organised for jungle warfare and undertook amphibious training. Its next combat assignment came in early September 1943, when the 9th Division took part in a two-pronged assault on Lae, along with the 7th Division, with the 9th conducting an amphibious landing to the east of the town while the 7th advanced overland from Nadzab. After sailing from Cairns in late July, the battalion staged out of Milne Bay. During the landing, the 2/13th was tasked with coming ashore on "Yellow Beach", and then securing the beachhead for the follow-on forces; it later sent out patrols to link up with the 2/15th Battalion and secure the right flank before the main advance west began.
Lae fell more quickly than the Allies expected and as a result a follow-up operation was mounted to secure the Huon Peninsula later in the month. Landing at Scarlet Beach in the first wave, two companies from the 2/13th secured the main beachhead while two others were also landed around Siki Cove on the first day of the operation. By October, the battalion occupied a position north of Langemak Bay which stretched in a dog-leg from Simbang north to Tirimoro. They were later involved in defending the beachhead against a Japanese counter-attack, and then the subsequent Australian advance inland as the Japanese withdrew towards Sio.
They were withdrawn from the front in March 1944, for rest and re-organisation, subsequently returning to the Atherton Tablelands to concentrate near Ravenshoe where a long period of training followed. The battalion's final involvement in the war came when they were committed to Operation Oboe, the Allied operation to re-capture Borneo. Embarking upon the transport Frederick Lykes, the battalion concentrated on Morotai Island in April 1945, along with the rest of the 7th and 9th Divisions, the 2/13th Battalion was committed to the Battle of North Borneo on 20 June when it conducted an unopposed amphibious landing at Lutong on 20 June, before undertaking another landing and continuing their advance down the south-western coast, passing through Miri on 23 June, before continuing on to Seria on their way towards Kuching, securing several airfields and oilfields, and conducting patrols, as they went. The campaign ended with news of the Japanese surrender, following the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, by which time the 2/13th had established itself around Lobang.
Disbandment
After the conclusion of hostilities, the 2/13th Battalion carried out various garrison duties such as guarding prisoners of war and maintaining internal security while the demobilisation process took place. Personnel were repatriated back to Australia or transferred to other units for further service; meanwhile, in November, the battalion was transferred to Luban, before finally being brought back to Australia in December 1945 for disbandment. During the course of the war, a total of 2,706 men served with the 2/13th Battalion of whom 245 were killed in action or died on active service, 87 were captured, and a further 630 wounded. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: three Distinguished Service Orders including one Bar, ten Military Crosses, one Member of the Order of the British Empire, six Distinguished Conduct Medals; 12 Military Medals including one Bar, one British Empire Medal, and 40 Mentions in Despatches. One former member of the battalion, Lieutenant Albert Chowne, who served with the 2/13th before being commissioned in 1944, was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions while serving with the 2/2nd Battalion during the Aitape–Wewak campaign in 1945.
Battle honours
The 2/13th Battalion received the following battle honours:
Defence of Tobruk, El Alamein, South-West Pacific 1943–45, Lae–Nadzab, Liberation of Australian New Guinea, Sio, Er Regima, El Adem Road, Tobruk 1941, Belhamed, Defence of Alamein Line, Finschhafen, Bumi River, Scarlet Beach, Defence of Scarlet Beach, Jivenaneng–Kumawa, Borneo, Brunei and Miri.
Commanding officers
The following officers served as commanding officer of the 2/13th:
Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Alexander Burrows (1940–1941);
Lieutenant Colonel Robert William Newton Turner (1941–1942);
Lieutenant Colonel George Edward Colvin (1942–1945).
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Further reading
13
13
13
1940 establishments in Australia
1946 disestablishments in Australia
The Mavericks are the sixth studio album by the American country music band The Mavericks. It was their only release for Sanctuary Records, and their first studio album since Trampoline in 1998. The album produced three singles in "I Want to Know", "Would You Believe" and a cover version of "The Air That I Breathe", which was made famous by The Hollies. The latter was the only single to enter the charts, peaking at number 59 on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs). The Mavericks were the band's final studio album before they disbanded in 2003.
Also included on this album is a duet with Willie Nelson, "Time Goes By", and "In My Dreams" co-written and previously recorded by Rick Trevino on his 2003 album In My Dreams, an album which The Mavericks' lead singer Raul Malo produced. Trevino's version was also a single in 2003, peaking at #41 on the country charts.
Track listing
"I Want to Know" (Raul Malo) – 3:31
"In My Dreams" (Malo, Alan Miller, Rick Trevino) – 4:42
"Shine Your Light" (Malo) – 3:45
"I'm Wondering" (Malo, Dale Watson) – 3:15
"By the Time" (Malo, Alan Miller, Jaime Hanna) – 4:35
"Would You Believe" (Malo, Alan Miller) – 5:24
"Too Lonely" (Malo, Alan Miller) – 3:06
"Time Goes By" (Malo, Alan Miller, Hanna) – 4:37
"San Jose" (Malo, Alan Miller) – 3:35
"Because of You" (Malo, Alan Miller, Hanna, Trevino) – 3:33
"The Air That I Breathe" (Albert Hammond, Mike Hazlewood) – 4:01
Personnel
The Mavericks
Paul Deakin- drums
Raul Malo- acoustic guitar, electric guitar, melodica, lead vocals
Eddie "Scarlito" Perez- electric guitar, background vocals
Robert Reynolds- bass guitar, background vocals
Additional musicians
Jimmy Bowland- alto saxophone
Glen Caruba- percussion
Eric Darken- percussion
David Davidson- concert master
Chris Dunn- trombone
Kenny Greenberg- electric guitar
Jannelle Guillot- speaking part
Don Hart- string arrangements
John Hobbs- keyboards
Jim Hoke- horn arrangements, tenor saxophone
Bill Huber- trombone
Love Sponge Orchestra- strings
Doug Moffet- baritone saxophone
Gordon Mote- keyboards, mellotron
Willie Nelson- vocals on "Time Goes By"
Matt Nygren- horn arrangements, trumpet
Frolian Sossa- background vocals
Debbie Spring- fiddle
Jim Williamson- trumpet
Glenn Worf- upright bass
Chart performance
References
2003 albums
EMI Records albums
Sanctuary Records albums
The Mavericks albums
Albums produced by Kenny Greenberg
Zimmermann Immobilier (Régie Zimmermann S.A.) is a real estate company based in Geneva, Switzerland, specialized in buying, refurbishing, managing and selling rental buildings and apartments. Mostly active in the Canton of Geneva, it manages over two billion CHF worth of real estate assets.
Key dates
1990: The Régie Zimmermann S.A. is founded in Geneva by Pierre Zimmermann.
2005: An architecture department aiming to build and raise buildings is created within Zimmermann Immobilier.
2006: The first subsidiary opens in Lausanne.
2012: Zimmermann Immobilier reaches 100 million Swiss francs of annual gross rental income.
References
External links
Real estate companies of Switzerland
Companies based in Geneva
Real estate companies established in 1990
Greek morphemes are parts of words originating from the Greek language. This article lists Greek morphemes used in the English language.
Common morphemes
See also
English words of Greek origin
References
External links
Greek Morphemes, Khoff, Mountainside Middle School
English vocabulary elements, Keith M. Denning, Brett Kessler, William R. Leben, William Ronald Leben, Oxford University Press US, 2007, 320pp, p. 127, at Google Books
Greek language
English etymology
Lists of etymologies
The Capital District () is a federal district of Venezuela. It has an area of 433 km2 and there is only one administrative division (municipio), Libertador, which contains about half of Caracas, the Venezuelan capital city, which is also the seat of the three branches of the federal government of Venezuela. The population in 2004 was 2,073,768. The District borders on the states of Vargas and Miranda.
Government
Formerly it had its own local government with a governor, but the constitutional reform of 1999 abolished the district government and created instead the Metropolitan District of Caracas, with jurisdiction over the territory of the District and also four adjacent municipios (Baruta, Chacao, el Hatillo and Sucre) in Miranda which all together form the city.
On 13 April 2009, the National Assembly passed a law creating the figure of a head of government for the district which would be designated by the President. On 14 April 2009, Jacqueline Faría became the first Head of Government of the Capital District. During the 2017 Venezuelan protests, General Antonio José Benavides Torres of the National Guard was appointed to be the Head of Government of the Capital District by disputed President Maduro.
Municipality
Libertador (Caracas)
Population
Race and ethnicity
According to the 2011 Census, the racial composition of the population was:
See also
States of Venezuela
References
External links
Capital district
Venezuela
Geography of Caracas
The UIC Franc (code: XFU) was a virtual currency unit used by the International Union of Railways (UIC). It was introduced in 1976 after the Gold Franc was abandoned for this purpose due to instability of the international monetary system, and was replaced by the European Currency Unit on 1 January 1990.
The code XFU was not withdrawn from the ISO-4217 currency list until 2013, despite the UIC franc having long fallen out of use.
See also
Private currency
Neutral Unit of Construction (NUC) – a related currency for the airline ticketing industry
References
External links
International Union of Railways
Private currencies
Franc
The 36th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1925 New Brunswick general election, the 36th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 36th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 16th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 2006 New Brunswick general election, the 56th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 56th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 36th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
The Military Council of Georgia (Georgian: საქართველოს რესპუბლიკის სამხედრო საბჭო) was a national security body of the Government of Georgia which was established on January 2, 1992 during the military coup in Georgia. It was an unconstitutional body that served as the leadership of the country to just over 2 months. The council announced the overthrow of President Zviad Gamsakhurdia and served as the collective head of state from January 6, 1992 until March 10 of that year, when the military council was replaced by the State Council led by Eduard Shevardnadze. The full composition of the Military Council was never published, with all orders and resolutions being signed by Tengiz Kitovani and Jaba Ioseliani on behalf of the Council.
References
1992 establishments in Georgia (country)
Georgia
Government agencies of Georgia (country)
Military history of Georgia (country)
The 2006 Durand Cup Final (or Osian's Durand Cup for sponsorship reason) was the 119th final of the Durand Cup, the oldest football competition in India and third oldest in the world. The final was contested between the two National Football league sides, Dempo SC from Panjim in Goa and JCT FC from Hoshiarpur in Punjab. The tournament was started from 6 November and the final was held on 27 November 2006 in New Delhi.
Route to the final
Dempo
Dempo entered the 2006 Durand Cup as one of the National Football league teams. The Goan side were directly placed in the group stage of the tournament. They were allocated Group B along with East Bengal, Army XI and JCT. The opening game, on 20 November 2006, against East Bengal ended with a goalless draw. In the second game, they defeated Army XI with a 2–1 margin. In the third and final game of group stage, Dempo faced JCT and the match ended in a draw, with both teams finding the back of the net. Dempo came second in the group with five points. The semi-final matches were held on 25 November 2006, where Dempo defeated the sixteen times Durand Cup champions, Mohun Bagan 2–0. Beto and Anthony Pereira scored in 21st and 70th minute of the game, thus making way for their first Durand Cup final.
JCT
JCT entered the 2006 Durand Cup as one of the National Football league teams. JCT started their campaign with a qualifying round. They were allocated Group B of the qualifiers along with Tata Football Academy and Border Security Force football team. JCT won both the qualifier matches with a score line of 2–0 and 3–0, against Tata Football Academy and Border Security Force, respectively. They topped the group with six points and joined Dempo in Group B of the group stage. They drew their first group stage match with Army XI with a 0–0 score line, on 20 November. Then they defeated East Bengal by four goals. The last match against Dempo ended in a 1–1 draw. They had same points as Dempo, but topped the group with more goal difference. In the semi final, JCT faced Sporting Clube de Goa and won one goal to nil. The match extended till extra time and Chidi Edeh scored the winner in 117th minute.
Match
The final was played on 27 November 2006 at the Ambedkar Stadium in New Delhi. This was Dempo and JCT's second meeting in the tournament. The game remained goalless for 73 minutes. In the next minute, Dempo's Nigerian striker, Ranti Martins broke the deadlock through an assist by Beto. Dempo won their maiden Durand Cup in their maiden final appearance and became the second club from Goa to win this, after Salgaocar.
Details
See also
2000 IFA Shield Final
References
External links
Official website
Durand Cup finals
2006 domestic association football cups
2006–07 in Indian football
The 2000 Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs season was the 13th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Draft picks
Transactions
Finals stint
Purefoods return to the PBA finals after two years of non-title playoff. In the All-Filipino Cup, the Tender Juicy Hotdogs got the benefit of playing in the championship when the league forfeited Tanduay Rhum's two wins over them during the Best-of-five semifinal series where Fil-Sham Sonny Alvarado was fielded in. With the series stands at 2-1 in their favor, Purefoods went on to win Game four, 72-71 in overtime, on the heroics of guard Boyet Fernandez to reach the All-Filipino finals against the Alaska Milkmen. After winning Game one of the finals series, the Tender Juicy Hotdogs lost the next four games and settled for runner-up honors.
Behind best import Derrick Brown, the Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs were on their second trip to the finals in the Governors Cup. They played the defending champions San Miguel Beermen. The Hotdogs fell behind by losing the first three games of the best-of-seven title series and lost anew in five games for another runner-up finish in the season.
Roster
Elimination round
Games won
References
Magnolia Hotshots seasons
Pure
Hemoglobin subunit delta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HBD gene.
Function
The delta (HBD) and beta (HBB) genes are normally expressed in the adult: two alpha chains plus two beta chains constitute HbA, which in normal adult life comprises about 97% of the total hemoglobin. Two alpha chains plus two delta chains constitute HbA2, which with HbF comprises the remaining 3% of adult hemoglobin. Five beta-like globin genes are found within a 45 kb cluster on chromosome 11 in the following order: 5' - epsilon – gamma-G – gamma-A – delta – beta - 3'.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the delta-globin gene are associated with Delta-thalassemia.
See also
Hemoglobin
Human β-globin locus
Thalassemia
References
Further reading
Hemoglobins
Nathan K. "Nick" Kotz (September 16, 1932 – April 26, 2020) was an American journalist, author, and historian.
His most recent book, The Harness Makers Dream: Nathan Kallison and the Rise of South Texas, tells the story of Ukrainian immigrant Nathan Kallison's journey to the United States.
He is best known for his 2005 book Judgment Days: Lyndon Baines Johnson, Martin Luther King Jr., and the Laws that Changed America chronicling the roles of US President Lyndon B. Johnson and Martin Luther King Jr. in the passage of the 1964, 1965, and 1968 civil rights laws. Kotz won a Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting in 1968 for his reporting of unsanitary conditions in much meat packing plants, which helped ensure the passage of the Wholesome Meat Act.
Life
Kotz was born in San Antonio, Texas. As a reporter for the Des Moines Register and the Washington Post, and as a freelance writer, Nick Kotz won many of journalism's most important honors, including the Sigma Delta Chi Award for Washington correspondence, the Raymond Clapper Memorial Award, and the first Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Award.
His study of American military leadership won the National Magazine Award for public service.
His book Wild Blue Yonder: Money, Politics, and the B-1 Bomber won the Olive Branch Award.
Kotz's other books include A Passion For Equality: George Wiley and the Movement (with Mary Lynn Kotz); Let Them Eat Promises: The Politics of Hunger; and The Unions (with Haynes Johnson).
A magna cum laude graduate of Dartmouth College, Kotz did graduate study in international relations at the London School of Economics.
After college, he served as a lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps. Committed to education, he served as a distinguished adjunct professor at the American University School of Communications and as a Senior Journalist in Residence, for a semester, at Duke University. He was married to Mary Lynn Kotz, a journalist and author of Rauschenberg: Art and Life; and co-author of Upstairs at the White House: My Life With the First Ladies. Their son, Jack Mitchell Kotz, is a photographer.
Kotz died in April, 2020 as a result of an accident involving his automobile at his home.
Works
Let them eat promises: the politics of hunger in America, Doubleday Anchor books, 1971
A Passion for Equality: George A. Wiley and the Movement, W. W. Norton, Incorporated, 1977,
Wild blue yonder: money, politics, and the B-1 bomber, Pantheon Books, 1988,
References
External links
1932 births
2020 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Dartmouth College alumni
Military personnel from Texas
Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting winners
Road incident deaths in Virginia
Writers from San Antonio
United States Marine Corps officers
Henry County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky bordering the Kentucky River. Its county seat is New Castle, but its largest city is Eminence. The county was founded in 1798 from portions of Shelby County. It was named for the statesman and governor of Virginia Patrick Henry.
Henry County is included in the Louisville/Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. Since the 1990s, it has become an increasingly important exurb, especially as land prices have become higher in neighboring Oldham County.
With regard to the sale of alcohol, it is classified as a wet county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Carroll County (north)
Owen County (east)
Franklin County (southeast)
Shelby County (south)
Oldham County (west)
Trimble County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,060 people, 5,844 households, and 4,330 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 6,381 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.97% White, 3.30% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.26% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. 2.25% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,844 households, out of which 33.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.70% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.90% were non-families. 22.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 29.70% from 25 to 44, 24.70% from 45 to 64, and 12.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,263, and the median income for a family was $45,009. Males had a median income of $31,478 versus $21,982 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,846. About 10.40% of families and 13.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.50% of those under age 18 and 19.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Bethlehem
Campbellsburg
Defoe
Eminence
Franklinton
Lockport
New Castle (county seat)
Pendleton
Pleasureville
Port Royal
Smithfield
Sulphur
Turners Station
Notable residents
Wendell Berry, writer
Reuben T. Durrett, lawyer, author, and Kentucky historian
William J. Graves, U.S. congressman
Politics
Education
School districts include:
Henry County School District
Eminence Independent School District
See also
Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Henry County, Kentucky
References
External links
Henry County Government website
Kentucky counties
Louisville metropolitan area
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
In Greek mythology, Menon () was a Trojan soldier killed by Leonteus in the Trojan War as detailed by Homer in the Iliad (XII.201).
There is also a Trojan king mentioned by the twelfth-century Icelandic sage Snorri Sturluson in his prologue to the Prose Edda. Snorri tells his name is Múnón, or Mennón. It is uncertain whether Snorri is referring to this Menon, the Trojan soldier, or to someone else. According to Snorri, Mennón was one of the twelve kings who held a seat in Troy with Priamos the High King. King Mennón was wedded to the daughter of Priam and queen Hecuba. The daughter's name is Tróán, accordint to Snorri Sturlason. Mennón and Tróán had a child named Trór, "whom," Snorri states, "we call Thor." In the Norse scaldic tradion, in which Snorri Sturlason is the great sage, yet one of many, so-called euhemerism, explaining how humans have become deified, is a defining feature of the tradtion. Thus it is interpolated on account of Norse mythology, that since Mennón is the father of Thor, he should be Oðinn. There are no direct sources supporting the claim. High King Priamos is on the other hand regarded as Oðinn. It is obvious though that Oðinn is incarnating in several characters many generations after Troja. This metempsychosis is not just Oðinn, although he is very often the reference-point, in the many sagas where he enters history and shape events. The best known ones are incarnating in different relationship with one another. If erasing the aspect of metempsychosis the Sagas simply doesn't work. It is clear that Snorre Sturluson is applying a sort of euhemerist view, not taking faith in the Norse gods as something other than human; expressing quite som zeal in arguing that the Norse religious traditions were not based on superstition; that learned folks were aware of the international connections and multi-cultural dimension which the abundent saga-litterature whow. It was not a problem that Þorr was a Prince of Aethiopia from Bláland, in this incarnation, compared with later periods in which the Saga-litterature, the myths etc. have become exotic symbols of nationalism. It is problematic to impose the view that the skalds invented euhemeristic explanations because of the Church and its dogma. Snorri Sturlason pertained to an Norse-gaelic loose federation, resisting, at odds with the powers of feudalist Europe. The Bishops and scholars of Iceland in the Sturlunga Era are known for their alchemy and knowledge of the black arts; profoundly associated with both hermetic and heretic tradtions violently challenged. The closest allies in Norway at the time of Snorri Sturlason, the Birkebeiners, in an era called the Civil War Era, were fighting the Bishops-party, the Baglers. During the reign of King Sverre the Kingdom of Norway was under Interdict, the most severe curse in the arsenal of magical weaponry the Catholic Church has ever used. This scaldic traditon was of another kind of christianity, advocating a syncretistic approach, opposing the violent spread of feudalism in the name of a relatively new form of christianity. The christianity of those christened after the homogenization of christianity during the rise of the Carolingian Empire, legitimized on the concept of male-primogeniture. Although the Great Schism is not really old at this point. Although the Western Roman Empire excersised a uniforming and totalizing paranoia, only accepting one monastic rule, for instant, there are certaintly no homogenous christianity outside of the Western Catholic Empire. The Icelandic Commmonwealth have functioned as an asylum since it was populated, at first by christian mystics from Ireland and Scotland. Until the assassination of Snorri Sturlasson 22 September AD1241, which is the end of the Sturlung Era of the Commonwealth (Þjoðveldið).
Notes
References
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
External links
Samuael Butler Translation of Iliad at gutenberg.org
Book 12 of the Iliad, Translated by Ian Johnston
Trojans
Characters in Greek mythology
Lolapps was a developer and publisher of social games on the Facebook platform. Lolapps was best known for creating Ravenwood Fair with John Romero which had 25 million players worldwide.
In 2011, Lolapps merged with social games publisher 6waves to become 6waves Lolapps. Combined, the companies had 35 million monthly active users which made 6waves Lolapps the second largest game publisher on Facebook behind Zynga.
History
Lolapps was founded in 2007 by Brian Rue, Kamo Asatryan, Annie Chang, and Kavin Stewart. It started with Quiz Creator, a Facebook app that allowed users to create their own quizzes and invite their friends to play. Based on the growth of Quiz Creator and Gift Creator—a gift creation app—the company raised $4.5 million in funding from Polaris Partners in the fall of 2008.
In 2009, Lolapps acquired social gaming company Roflplay and its founder, Arjun Sethi, became CEO of Lolapps. By 2010, Lolapps had 100 million users, making it competitive in social gaming with Zynga and CrowdStar.
Game designer Brenda Romero joined Lolapps in May 2010. She brought on John Romero to work on Lolapps' new title Ravenwood Fair, which launched in October 2010. By March 2011, Ravenwood Fair had 25 million users worldwide.
In July 2011, Lolapps merged with social games publisher 6waves to form 6waves Lolapps. Later that year in August, South Korean video game publisher Nexon invested $35 million on 6waves Lolapps.
In March 2012, 6waves Lolapps laid off its development team—many of whom came from the Lolapps merger—to focus on game publishing. Later in March, 6waves Lolapps rebranded itself as 6waves, dropping Lolapps from its name.
In January 2022, Stillfront Group acquired 6waves for $201M.
Controversy
In October 2010, the Wall Street Journal discovered that a number of Facebook apps—including Lolapps apps—were transmitting Facebook user data to third parties like ad networks and user tracking services.
Facebook considered this a policy violation and suspended Lolapps and other offending apps. Two days later, Lolapps came back online after dissolving its relationship with RapLeaf.
References
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
Mobile game companies
Video game companies established in 2007
Leslie County is located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Hyden. Leslie is a prohibition or dry county.
History
Leslie County was founded in 1878. It was named for Preston H. Leslie, Governor of Kentucky (1871-1875).
The Hurricane Creek mine disaster in a Leslie County coal mine in 1970 killed 38 people.
After resigning the presidency, Richard Nixon made his first public appearance, in July 1978, at the Leslie County dedication of a recreation facility named for him. County Judge-Executive C. Allen Muncy claimed the Nixon invitation prompted the U.S. Department of Justice to obtain indictments of him and his associates on vote-fraud charges; while on appeal for his conviction, he won renomination in the Republican primary but lost the 1981 general election to independent Kermit Keen.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Perry County (northeast)
Harlan County (southeast)
Bell County (southwest)
Clay County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 12,401 people, 4,885 households, and 3,668 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,502 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.18% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.05% from other races, and 0.50% from two or more races; 0.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,885 households, out of which 35.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.30% were married couples living together, 12.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.90% were non-families. 22.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 30.90% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 11.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $18,546, and the median income for a family was $22,225. Males had a median income of $28,708 versus $18,080 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,429. About 30.20% of families and 32.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 38.80% of those under age 18 and 27.00% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy and health
Of 3,142 counties in the United States in 2014, the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation ranked Leslie County 3,120 in the average life expectancy at birth of male residents and 3,130 in the life expectancy of female residents. Life expectancy in Leslie county ranked in the bottom 10 percent among U.S. counties. Males in Leslie County lived an average of 70.0 years and females lived an average of 74.7 years compared to the national average for life expectancy of 76.7 for males and 81.5 for females. In the 1980-2014 period, the average life expectancy in Leslie County for females decreased by 4.0 years while male longevity decreased by 0.1 years compared to the national average for the same period of an increased life expectancy of 4.0 years for women and 6.7 years for men. Factors contributing to the short, and declining, life expectancy of residents of Leslie county included obesity, smoking, and low amounts of exercise.
In 2020, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation ranked Leslie country 107 of 120 counties in Kentucky in "health outcomes," as measured by length and quality of life.
Economy
Coal companies in Leslie County
James River Coal Company
Infrastructure
Transportation
Public transportation is provided by LKLP Community Action Partnership with demand-response service and scheduled service from Hyden to Hazard.
Communities
Asher
Bear Branch
Big Rock
Causey
Chappell
Cinda
Confluence
Cutshin
Essie
Frew
Grassy
Hare
Hell for Certain
Helton
Hoskinston
Hyden (county seat)
Kaliopi
Middlefork
Mozelle
Roark
Sizerock
Smilax
Stinnett
Thousandsticks
Toulouse
Warbranch
Wendover
Wooton
Yeaddis
Politics
Leslie County is one of forty-four United States counties to have never voted for a Democratic presidential candidate since its creation in 1878. In 1892, 1908, and 1916 it was the most Republican county in the nation. Leslie's fierce Unionist sympathies, so strong that areas surrounding it contributed more troops to the Union Army relative to population than any other part of the United States, meant that between 1896 and 1928 no Democrat could receive even ten percent of the county's vote, and none received so much as twenty-five percent until Lyndon Johnson managed over 47 percent in his landslide national triumph against Barry Goldwater in 1964.
Despite Goldwater's relatively poor performance, every Republican candidate since the county's formation has obtained an absolute majority in Leslie County, and only William Howard Taft in the divided 1912 election, George H. W. Bush in 1992, and Bob Dole in 1996 have otherwise received under seventy percent for the GOP. Both Mitt Romney and Donald Trump received almost ninety percent of the vote in this county, making Leslie the strongest GOP county in Kentucky (see chart below).
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Leslie County, Kentucky
References
Notes
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
LeslieCounty.Net - oldest and largest site dealing with Leslie County
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1878 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1878
Saint Gregory of Spoleto was a priest and martyr of the city of Spoleto, Italy.
It happened that Flaccus, a general of the forces, arrived at Spoleto with an order from the Emperor Maximian to punish all the Christians. An information was laid before him, that Gregory seduced many from honoring the gods and the emperors. Soldiers were immediately dispatched to bring him bound before the tribunal.
After a lengthy period of torture, he was beheaded on 24 December 304. According to pious tradition, after his death his remains were to be fed to the wild animals kept for public games. However, a Christian woman (whose name is not known) bought them back for a considerable sum of money and had them properly prepared for burial. At the request of the Holy Roman Emperor, Otto I, Gregory's body was sent to Cologne, Germany with the relics of Saints Felix and Nabor. In 993, some of Gregory's relics were transferred to the cathedral in Trier, France by the bishop, Egbert.
His feast day is listed in the Roman Martyrology as 24 December but he is also commemorated on other days in different locations. For example, his feast is kept on 23 December in Cologne, 22 December in Spoleto, and 2 January in Trier.
References
Sources
Holweck, F. G., A Biographical Dictionary of the Saints. 1924.
3rd-century births
304 deaths
Saints from Roman Italy
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Jamie Baldridge (born May 24, 1975) is an American photographer and arts educator. He creates highly manipulated and surreal tableau vivant photographs. He is currently a professor of Photography in the Visual Arts Department at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Life and work
Jamie Baldridge was born and raised in New Iberia, Louisiana on May 24, 1975. He was raised in a conservative, Catholic household. He went on to study at Louisiana State University at Baton Rouge where he received both his Bachelor of Fine Arts and later his Master of Fine Arts degree.
He is known for creating highly manipulated surreal tableau vivant photography. Baldridge's work references many literary, philosophical, religious, and artistic themes such as the symbolism and psychology of dream imagery, the frangibility of relationships, altered states of consciousness, Jungian archetypes, and esoteric tales and fables. "He has filtered those loaded fables through his subconscious, tempered them with dystopia, tasty fetishes and research gleaned from the musty stacks of Latin scholarship, and emerged with (a) painterly surrealistic vision." He cites Leonora Carrington, Søren Kierkegaard, Joseph Campbell, Salvador Dalí, Pablo Picasso, Remedios Varo, Edward Gorey, and the Epic of Gilgamesh as but a few of his varied inspirations. His subjects, usually female (because he is trying to lose his virginity), often have their faces and/or heads obscured allowing the viewer greater opportunity for symbolic interpretations of identity and challenging accepted preconceptions about the genre of portraiture. Baldridge's works are often accompanied by narratives written in a very purple and baroque prose which serve to describe the point of peripety represented in the image itself.
He was named by Oxford American magazine in 2012, one of the new "100 superstars of Southern art".
Publications
2008 – The Everywhere Chronicles (artist photography book with writings). Jamie Baldridge. New York: 21st Editions
2013 – Almost Fiction. Jamie Baldridge (artist photography book with foreword by Graham Nash) San Francisco: Modernbook Editions
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2008 –Informed Visions, Millenia Fine Art Orlando, Orlando, Florida
2009 – Dystopia, Camara Oscura galeria de arte Madrid, Spain
2009 – The Everywhere Chronicles, Galerie Utrecht, Amsterdam, Netherlands
2010 – Pilgrims & Peregrines, Richard Goodall Gallery, Manchester, United Kingdom
2010 – Belle Epoque, Taylor Bercier Fine Art New Orleans, Louisiana
2013 – Playing with Arsenic, Camara Oscura galeria de arte, Madrid, Spain
2013 – Almost Fiction, Modernbook Gallery, San Francisco, California
Two-person exhibitions
2007 – Jamie Baldridge & Adam Farrington, Taylor Bercier Fine Art, New Orleans, Louisiana
2009 – Magic Realism, exhibition with Sergio Fasol, Schneider Contemporary Photography, Chicago, Illinois
2012 – VS., exhibition with Bernhard Buhmann, Carbon 12 Gallery, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Selected group exhibitions
2011 – India Art Summit, Carbon 12 Gallery, New Delhi, India
2013–2014 – Decisive Moments, Honolulu Museum of Art, Honolulu, Hawaii
2015 – MORPHEE II, Acte2rivegauche, Paris, France
References
1975 births
Living people
21st-century American photographers
American digital artists
American surrealist artists
People from New Iberia, Louisiana
Photographers from Louisiana
University of Louisiana at Lafayette faculty
House at 195 Prospect Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built about 1890 and is a two-story house with decorative slate jerkinhead roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a three-bay shed-roof dormer that forms the second floor and covers the entrance porch. It is identical to the House at 199 Prospect Avenue.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
The white-lored oriole (Oriolus albiloris) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae.
It is endemic to Luzon island (Philippines). Some authorities have considered the white-lored oriole to be a subspecies of the Philippine oriole.
References
white-lored oriole
Birds of Luzon
white-lored oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of the various non-SC communities originating from Telugu-speaking regions.
Forward Classes
Forward castes do not qualify for government reservations. Those present in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana are:
(arranged alphabetically)
Brahmin
Kamma
Kapu
Komati
Raju
Reddy
Velama
Some communities within these groups are instead classified under other categories, as noted below.
Backward Classes
Some communities are classified as Other Backward Classes due to social, financial, educational, and/or political discrimination.
(arranged alphabetically)
Achukatlavandlu
Agaru
Agnikulakshatriya
Arekatika, Katika, Quresh (Muslim Butchers)
Aryakshatriya, Chittari, Giniyar, Chitrakara, Nakhas
Atagara
Atirasa (of Polavaram, Gopalapuram, Koyyalagudem, Buttayagudem, Chagallu Mandals of West Godavari district and Devipattanam, Korukonda and Gokavaram Mandals of East Godavari District)
Ayyaraka
Balasanthu, Bahurupi
Balija
Bandara
Bestha
Bhataraju (Brahma kshatriya)
Budabukkala
Budubunjala/ Bhunjwa/ Bhadbhunja (confined to Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy Districts only)
Chippolu (Mera)
Chopemari
Dasari (formerly engaged in Bhikshatana)
Devanga
Dommara
Dudekula, Laddaf, Pinjari or Noorbas
Ediga Gowda (Gamalla, Kalalee) Goundla Settibalija (of Visakhapatnam, East Godavari, West Godavari and Krishna District)
Gajula Balija (who are traditionally associated with selling of Bangles)
Gandla, Telikula, Devathilakula
Gangaputra
Gangavar
Gangiredlavaru
Gavara
Godaba
Golla (Yadava)
Goondla
Goud
Gudala
Gudia/Gudiya (confined to Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam Districts only)
Hatkar
Jakkala
Jalari
Jandra
Jangam
Jingar
Jogi
Joshinandiwala
Kachi
Kaikadi
Kandra
Kanjara-Bhatta
Karikalabhakthulu Kaikolan or Kaikola (Sengundam or Sengunther)
Karnabhakthulu
Kasi kapadi
Katipapala
Kepmare or Reddika
Kinthala Kalinga, Buragana Kalinga, Buragam Kalinga, Pandiri Kalinga, Kalinga
Koppulavelama
Korcha, Koracha
Koshti
Krishnabhalija (Dasari, Bukka, Bukka Ayavar)
Kummara or Kulala or Salivahana
Kunapuli
Kurakula
Kurmi (confined to Telangana Region and also Krishna District only)
Kuruba
Lakkamari Kapu (confined to Telangana Region only)
Lodh, Lodha, Lodhi
Mali (where they are not Scheduled Tribe)
Mandula
Mathura
Medari or Mahendra
Mehtar (Muslim)
Mondepatta Mondipatta
Mondivaru Mondibanda Banda
Mudiraj, Mutrasi Tenugollu
Munnurukapu (Telangana)
Nagaralu
Nagavaddilu
Nagavasam (Nagavamsa)
Nayi-Brahmin (Mangali, Mangala, Bhajanthri)
Nayyala
Neelakanthi
Neeli (Nelli)
Nessi or Kurni
Nokkar
Odde Oddilu Vaddi Vaddelu
Padmasali (Sali, Saliyan, Pattusali, Senapathulu, Thogata Sali)
Pala-Ekari
Palli
Pallikapu
Pallireddi
Pambala
Pamula
Pardhi (Mirshikari, Nirshikari )
Pariki Muggula
Passi
Patkar (Khatri)
Patra
Pattapu
Peddammavandlu, Devaravandlu, Yellammavandlu, Mutyalammavandlu
Perika (Perike Balija, Puragiri Kshatriya)
Pollinativelama (of Srikakulam & Visakhapatnam Districts)
Pondara
Poosala
Rajaka, Chakali, Vannar
Rangarez or Bhavasara Kshatriya
Sadhuchetty
Sarollu
Satani (Chattadasrivaishnava, Chatadi)
Scheduled Caste converts to Christianity and their progeny
Siddula
Sikligar
Srisayana (Segidi)
Surya Balija (Kalavanthula), Ganika
Swakulasali
Tammali
Telaga
Thogata, Thogati or Thogata Veerakshatriya
Turupu Kapu and Gajula Kapu of Srikakulam, Vizianagram & Visakhapatnam Districts who are subject to social customs of divorce & remarriages among their women
Uppara or Sagara
Vadabalija
Valmiki Boya (Boya Bedar, Kirataka Nishadi, Yellappi, Yellapu/Yellapondlu, Pedda Boya ) Talayari, Chunduvallu
Vamsha Raj
Vanjara (Vanjari)
Vannekapu
Vannereddi
Vannia Vanniar Vannikula-Kshatriya
Vanyakulakshtriya
Veeramushti (Neetikotala), Veerabhadreeya
Viswabrahmin or Viswakarma (Ausula or Kamsali, Kammari, Kanchari, Vadla or Vadra or Vadrangi and Silpi)
Yata
Further Classification of Backward Classes
The castes considered to be backward are further categorized into 5 groups (A, B, C, D and E). And the reservations for these groups are allocated based on variety of factors but mostly based on size of the population.
GROUP-A (Aboriginal Tribes, Vimuktha Jathis, Nomadic and SemiNomadic Tribes etc.)
GROUP-B (Vocational Groups)
GROUP-C (Harijan Converts)
GROUP-D (Other Classes)
GROUP-E (Socially and Educationally Backward Classes of Muslims) introduced recently when compared to the above four groups.
See also
Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes
List of Scheduled Tribes in India#Andhra Pradesh
References
Indian castes
Social groups of Telangana
Grange Fell is a small fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria, situated in the Borrowdale valley overlooking the villages of Grange in Borrowdale and Rosthwaite.
Topography
The fell has a summit plateau which consist of many heather-covered hummocks, drystone walls and clumps of trees. Well-known Lake District writer Alfred Wainwright credits Grange Fell as a single fell with three main summits, namely Brund Fell, King's How and Ether Knott. The lesser known Ether Knott is now identified as the highest point at a height of 419 metres (1,375 feet) and is less frequently visited by walkers. Brund Fell is at 415 metres (1,363 feet) while King's How is the best viewpoint and has an altitude of 392 metres (1,286 feet). On the other hand, another Lakes walking expert Bill Birkett lists Brund Fell and King's How as separate fells in his “Complete Lakeland Fells” volume, while Mark Richards includes all three.
There are also two small hills on the fringes of the fell, both unfrequented although they lie on access land. Shepherds Crag above the more famous rockface of that name, adjacent to the Lodore Falls and Hotel, and Grange Crags above Grange.
History
Grange Fell is owned by the National Trust and was one of its first acquisitions in the Lake District in 1910; the fell was purchased by public subscription as a memorial to King Edward VII at the bequest of the King's sister Princess Louise, who then was President of the Trust. The magnificent viewpoint of King's How was named after the King as a memorial, and a commemorative slate plaque is situated just below the summit. It reads:
“In Loving Memory of King Edward VII, Grange Fell is dedicated by his sister Louise as a sanctuary of rest and peace. Here may all beings gather strength, find in scenes of beautiful nature a cause for gratitude and love to God, giving them courage and vigour to carry on his will.”
Geology
The geology of the fell is complex with outcropping of various members of the Birker Fell Formation (andesite lavas), the Eagle Crag Member (siltstone and sandstone conglomerates), and intrusions of dolerite.
Ascents
Ascents of Grange Fell can be started from Rosthwaite, Grange in Borrowdale or Watendlath. The Rosthwaite to Watendlath bridleway can be utilised to its highest point before striking northerly to the summit of Brund Fell following a high dry stone wall for much of the way. The climb from Grange goes through the deciduous woodland at the foot of the fell and skirts round Greatend Crag before reaching King's How and is ranked as one of the "loveliest short walks in the Lake District". The two principal summits of Brund Fell and King's How should both be climbed by any visitor to the fell and they are linked by an undulating path through the hillocks.
Summit
The main summit bears a number of rock tors, protruding sharply from the heathery plateau. King's How has a steep sided domed top. Both bear cairns. The view from the top of the fell takes in Derwentwater with Skiddaw in the background, while Borrowdale and the high fells round its head show well in the opposite direction.
References
Fells of the Lake District
Strategic Organization''' may refer to:
Strategic Organization (journal), an academic journal
the study of strategic management from an organizational studies viewpoint (as distinct from an economics viewpoint
the process'' of organizing in a way that is strategically effective – i.e., promotes the broad goals of the organization
Joint Security Area () is a 2000 South Korean mystery thriller film starring Lee Young-ae, Lee Byung-hun and Song Kang-ho. It was directed by Park Chan-wook and is based on the novel DMZ by Park Sang-yeon. The film, which was shot on location in South Korea, concerns an investigation into the circumstances surrounding a fatal shooting incident within the DMZ, the heavily fortified border that separates North and South Korea.
It was the highest-grossing film in Korean film history at the time and won Best Film at the 2000 Blue Dragon Film Awards and the 2001 Grand Bell Awards.
Plot
Two North Korean soldiers are killed in the DMZ in the Joint Security Area at a North Korean border house just across the Bridge of No Return, before Sergeant Lee Soo-hyeok (Lee Byung-hun), a wounded South Korean soldier on border duties, attempts to flee back to the South Korean side. The southern troops rescue him while gunfire erupts and, two days later, the fragile relationship between the two Koreas depends on a special investigation conducted by Swiss Army Major Sophie E. Jean (Lee Young-ae) on behalf of the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission.
As Sergeant Lee Soo-hyeok has confessed to the shootings, Sophie investigates why the two Koreas have contradicting accounts of events; Soo-hyeok's states he was knocked out and kidnapped while relieving himself and, waking tied up in the North Korean border house, secretly freed himself and shot three North Korean soldiers, leaving two dead. The North Korean survivor Sergeant Oh Kyeong-pil (Song Kang-ho) states to Sophie that Soo-hyeok barged into the border house and shot everyone before retreating when the wounded Kyeong-pil returned fire.
The autopsy report shows that one North Korean soldier, Jeong Woo-jin (Shin Ha-kyun), was shot eight times repeatedly, indicating a grudge was held; additionally, a single bullet is not accounted for. Over the course of the investigation, witness Private First Class Nam Sung-shik (Kim Tae-woo) attempts suicide by jumping out of the window of the interrogation room and a strange emotional reaction between Kyeong-pil and Soo-hyeok during a meeting causes Sophie to confirm her suspicions that the surviving soldiers and Woo-jin held a mutual friendship and were attempting to protect one another.
Through flashbacks it is shown that Soo-hyeok had previously been on patrol with other soldiers, only to get lost on the North Korean side and to partially trip a mine; found by Kyeong-pil and Woo-jin, the two deactivate the mine, which later prompts Soo-hyeok to throw written messages over the border at the Bridge of No Return to maintain contact over the next several weeks. Eventually inviting Soo-hyeok across the border, the three become a group of friends that soon includes Sung-shik, with the four agreeing to leave politics out of their friendship so to remain loyal to their own countries.
As tensions rise between the North and South, Soo-hyeok and Sung-shik return to the North guard house one night to say goodbye and celebrate Woo-jin's birthday, only to be discovered by a commanding officer from the North and resulting in a Mexican standoff. Despite Woo-jin panicking and betraying his friends, Kyeong-pil convinces Woo-jin, Soo-hyeok and the officer to lower their weapons, only for Sung-shik to panic and shoot the commanding officer when he reaches for his radio; when Woo-jin draws his gun again, Sung-shik shoots him, and in a daze, shoots his corpse several times. Earlier in their friendship when Soo-hyeok is joking around with his gun, Kyeong-pil asked Soo-hyeok if he'd ever had to kill a man like he's had to, implying that Soo-hyeok doesn't know what it's like. Kyeong-pil slaps Sung-shik out of his daze, takes the gun from him and kills the still-alive officer, then persuades Soo-hyeok and Sung-shik to flee with a false alibi of being kidnapped, before throwing away the evidence that he and Woo-jin were fraternizing with Southern soldiers. After shooting Kyeong-pil in the shoulder to complete the alibi, Soo-hyeok and Sung-shik flee across the border, with the latter getting past unseen; as Soo-hyeok's wounded leg from the firefight prevents him from running, he is the only soldier seen and picked up by the South Korean soldiers.
Back in the present, Sophie is eventually removed from the case when it's discovered that her father, a former POW, had North Korean ties during the Korean War, thus technically making her a non-neutral. Before leaving Korea, she attempts to informally learn of the true events first with Kyeong-pil and then Soo-hyeok. Having asked Kyeong-pil if he had a message for Soo-hyeok, Sophie gives Soo-hyeok the lighter he first gave to Kyeong-pil. Before saying goodbye and wishing him well, she reveals that Kyeong-pil told her that he saw Soo-hyeok's gun actually shot Woo-jin first during the chaos before Sung-shik shot him. On his way out, Soo-hyeok steals an officer's pistol and commits suicide out of guilt for Woo-jin's death and Sung-shik's suicide attempt. The film concludes with an American tourist's photograph of the joint security area that accidentally contains all four soldiers prior to the incident.
Cast
Lee Young-ae as Maj. Sophie E. Jean
Lee Byung-hun as Sgt. Lee Soo-hyuk (Korean: 이수혁)
Song Kang-ho as Sgt. Oh Kyeong-pil (Korean: 오경필)
Kim Tae-woo as Pvt. Nam Sung-sik (Korean: 남성식)
Shin Ha-kyun as Pvt. Jung Woo-jin (Korean: 정우진)
Christoph Hofrichter as Maj. Gen. Bruno Botta
Herbert Ulrich as Capt. Persson.
Production
The Korean Demilitarized Zone depicted in the movie were sets that were made for the film, which was constructed at about 8000-Pyeong area in a film studio in Namyangju with a budget of 900 million won.
Reception
The film drew nearly half a million viewers in Seoul alone in its first week. Within 15 days of its release the film reached one million admissions and by early 2001 Joint Security Area had become the highest-grossing film in Korean film history. It was later passed by the films Friend, Silmido and Taegukgi: The Brotherhood of War. Overall, JSA had 2,499,400 admissions in Seoul over its 20 weeks in the cinemas and an estimated 5.8 million admissions nationwide. The film was also very successful in Japan where it grossed ¥1,160,000,000 becoming one of the top grossing foreign productions of 2001.
A DVD of the movie was presented to North Korea's leader Kim Jong-il by South Korea's President Roh Moo-hyun during the Korean summit in October 2007.
In 2009, director Quentin Tarantino named the film as one of his twenty favorite films since 1992.
Awards and nominations
2000 Blue Dragon Film Awards
Best Film
Best Director – Park Chan-wook
Best Supporting Actor – Shin Ha-kyun
Best Cinematography – Kim Seong-bok
2000 Busan Film Critics Awards
Best Actor – Lee Byung-hun, Song Kang-ho
2000 Director's Cut Awards
Best Director – Park Chan-wook
Best Actor – Song Kang-ho
Best New Actor – Shin Ha-kyun
Best Producer – Shim Jae-myung
2001 Deauville Asian Film Festival
Lotus d'Or (Prix du Jury) ("Jury Prize")
Lotus du Public (Prix du Public) ("Popular Choice")
Lotus du Meilleur Acteur ("Best Actor") – Song Kang-ho
2001 Seattle International Film Festival
New Director's Showcase Special Jury Prize
2001 Berlin International Film Festival
Nomination – Golden Berlin Bear
2001 Baeksang Arts Awards
Best Director – Park Chan-wook
2001 Grand Bell Awards
Best Film
Best Actor – Song Kang-ho
Best Sound – Kim Seok-weon, Kim Won-yong
Best Art Direction
Nomination – Best Supporting Actor – Shin Ha-kyun
2001 Fantasia Festival
Nomination – Best Film
2002 Blue Ribbon Awards
Best Foreign Language Film
2003 Hong Kong Film Awards
Nomination – Best Asian Film
Adaptations
A stage musical titled JSA: the Musical opened in April 2014 at the Dongsoong Art Center in Seoul's theater district of Daehangno. While the musical heavily borrows from Park Chan-wook's film, the script more closely resembles DMZ, the novel by Park Sang-yeon that inspired the movie.
An eight-episode television miniseries also adapted from the novel DMZ will be produced by KBS, to be aired in September 2014 as part of the Drama Special Series.
See also
References
Notes
Sources
Bibliography
External links
Review at koreanfilm.org
2000 films
2000s mystery drama films
2000s thriller drama films
2000s mystery thriller films
South Korean mystery thriller films
South Korean mystery drama films
South Korean detective films
South Korean nonlinear narrative films
Films set in North Korea
Films set in South Korea
Films shot in South Korea
Films based on South Korean novels
Films based on military novels
Films based on mystery novels
Films based on thriller novels
Films directed by Park Chan-wook
Best Picture Blue Dragon Film Award winners
Best Picture Grand Bell Award winners
2000s Korean-language films
Korean Demilitarized Zone in fiction
Myung Films films
Panmunjom
Films about North Korea–South Korea relations
2000 drama films
Films about the Republic of Korea Armed Forces
2000s South Korean films
Gil Friesen (March 10, 1937 – December 13, 2012) was an American music and film executive known for being chairman of A&M Records from 1977 until its sale for $500 million in 1990, co-founder of the Classic Sports Cable Network and executive producer of The Breakfast Club in 1985.
Biography
Born into a musical family in Pasadena, CA, Friesen was a student at UCLA when he began his show-business career in the mail room at Capitol Records in California and later became a senior member of Kapp Records. He served as a promoter to Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass, The Carpenters, The Police and to Janet Jackson.
He also produced the documentary 20 Feet from Stardom, which was released after he died and went on to win the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature. The film also won the 2015 Grammy Award for Best Music Film, with the award being presented to the featured artists as well as the production crew.
Friesen died of leukemia on December 13, 2012.
References
2012 deaths
American music industry executives
Music promoters
1937 births
Grammy Award winners
American people of German-Russian descent
Producers of Best Documentary Feature Academy Award winners
Deaths from leukemia
Tangela Nicole Smith (born April 1, 1977) is a retired American basketball player in the WNBA. Smith played the bulk of her career for the Sacramento Monarchs and the Phoenix Mercury where she won two WNBA Championships. She's currently an assistant coach at Northwestern University.
High school
Born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, Smith attended George Washington High School, where she was named a 1994 Kodak High School All-American. Smith was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. She participated in the WBCA High School All-America Game in 1994, scoring three points.
College
Smith graduated from the University of Iowa in 1998. She won the 1998 Big Ten Player of the Year award. She was also a 1998 Kodak/WBCA All-America honorable mention and earned 1996 and 1998 All-Big Ten first team and 1997 All-Big Ten honorable mention accolades.
USA Basketball
Smith competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 1997 Jones Cup Team that won the silver medal in Taipei. Several of the games were close, with the USA team winning four games by six points or fewer, including an overtime game in the semifinal match against Japan. The gold medal game against South Korea was also close, but the USA fell 76–71 to claim the silver medal for the event. Smith averaged 8.0 points per game.
WNBA career
Smith was selected 12th overall in the 1998 WNBA Draft by the Sacramento Monarchs. She played 6 seasons for the Monarchs, helping them reach the playoffs five times. In 2005, she was traded to the Sting in exchange for Nicole Powell. Charlotte folded following the 2006 season and Smith's rights were acquired by the Minnesota Lynx in the dispersal draft.
On Draft Day in April 2007, she was dealt to the Phoenix Mercury for No. 1 overall pick Lindsey Harding.
On Friday, 13 August 2010 she overtook Vickie Johnson and became the WNBA's all-time leader in games played with 411 in 13 seasons. During her time in the league she missed 15 games.
International career
In the WNBA offseason in 1998–99, Smith was a professional basketball player in Italy, Israel, South Korea and Turkey. In 2001, she helped the Botasspor squad win the Turkish league crown. In 2002, she helped the Shinsegae Coolcats win the Korean league championship. Now she plays in the Hungarian Championship since February 2013, for the 2012 Champion Team, HAT-AGRO UNI Győr.
Coaching career
Tangela Smith began her coaching career in 2014 at Western Michigan University on Shane Clipfell's staff. As an assistant coach, Smith helped WMU to a 74–56 record over four seasons.
On July 6, 2018, it was announced that Smith was hired as an assistant coach and would join Joe McKeown's staff at Northwestern University. This would mark a return to the Big 10 where she played collegiately.
References
External links
Western Michigan Broncos coaching bio
WNBA Player Profile
U.S Basketball Bio
Official Tangela Smith Website
1977 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American women's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Illinois
Basketball players from Chicago
Botaş SK players
Charlotte Sting players
Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball) players
Indiana Fever players
Iowa Hawkeyes women's basketball players
Liaoning Flying Eagles players
Parade High School All-Americans (girls' basketball)
Phoenix Mercury players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Monarchs players
San Antonio Stars players
Sportspeople from Chicago
Western Michigan Broncos women's basketball coaches
Women's National Basketball Association All-Stars
The sixth emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly was held between 10 and 14 January 1980 to consider the situation in Afghanistan. As the Soviet–Afghan War began members of the United Nations General Assembly requested the Security Council consider the situation. The USSR veto of a resolution led the other members to invoke the 'Uniting for Peace' resolution to defer the issue to the General Assembly in an emergency special session. It was the sixth emergency special session since the 'Uniting for Peace' resolution was adopted in 1950. The session was dominated by questions of its legitimacy since the Afghanistan government had invited the Soviet intervention in their civil war. Led by the non-aligned members, the session ended with a resolution from the General Assembly calling for the immediate, unconditional and total withdrawal of foreign troops from Afghanistan and the cessation of all outside intervention, subversion, coercion or constraint, of any kind whatsoever, so that its people could freely choose its own economic, political and social systems.
Background
During the Saur Revolution on April 27, 1978, the communist People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan, aided by the Khalq faction of the military, overthrew the government of Republic of Afghanistan and formed the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan. A significant insurgency formed, led by the Mujahideen, and fought the new government who requested Soviet assistance to fight back. In December, they signed a Treaty of Friendship with the USSR and the Soviets provided military assistance. Meanwhile, the United States began funding and arming the insurgency. On December 17, 1979, PDPA general secretary Hafizullah Amin requested Soviet assistance in a major offensive. The Soviets agreed and on 27 December, dressed in Afghan military uniforms, invaded Kabul but overthrew Amin and installed Babrak Karmal as the new leader, clearing the way for a large-scale occupation.
At the UN General Assembly, a letter was sent to the president of the Security Council requesting a Security Council meeting to consider the matter (letter signed jointly by Australia, The Bahamas, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Denmark, The Dominican Republic, Egypt, El Salvador, Ecuador, Fiji, The Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany), Greece, Haiti, Honduras, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Liberia, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New-Guinea, Philippines, Portugal, Santa Lucia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Suriname, Sweden, The Netherlands, Turkey, The United Kingdom, Uruguay, The USA and Venezuela). The Security Council convened between the 5 and 9 of January 1980. Afghanistan and the Soviet Union denounced the meeting as interfering with domestic affairs of a Member State and that they were exercising their Treaty of Friendship and their right to collective self-defense under Article 51 of the UN Charter. The United States claimed the Soviet intervention violated the territorial integrity of Afghanistan and that with the death of General Secretary Amin, by Soviet forces, the Afghan government had been overthrown. A draft resolution calling for the immediate, unconditional and total withdrawal of the foreign troops was vetoed by the Soviet Union on the 7 of January. Two days later the Security Council adopted Resolution 462 acknowledging the lack of unanimity of its permanent members was preventing them from fulfilling their primary duty of maintaining peace and security, invoking the General Assembly's 'Uniting for Peace' resolution calling for an emergency special session. This was adopted with 12 supports, 2 opposes (USSR and German Democratic Republic), with 1 abstention (Zambia).
Emergency special session
The sixth emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly began on 10 January. The session was dominated by questions of its legitimacy. In a speech, the representative from Afghanistan expressed "the strongest and most categorical objections to the discussion of the so-called question of the situation in Afghanistan. The convening of a special session of the General Assembly on this issue constitutes an open and flagrant interference in the internal affairs of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan." The Soviets also argued that the session was being held in contravention to Charter of the United Nations which respects the internal affairs of member states. Surprisingly, India sided with the Soviet Union in a speech by Brajesh Mishra on 11 January when he acknowledged that the Soviets provided the assistance that both General Secretary Amin and his successor requested, and furthermore, that the Soviets would leave Afghanistan at the request of the Afghanistan government. Pakistan, which had been taking in refugees at its border with Afghanistan, took a particularly harsh stance against the Soviets and called for them to withdraw their forces.
Led by the non-aligned members, the General Assembly adopted Resolution ES-6/2 "strongly deplor[ing] the recent armed intervention in Afghanistan…[and] appeals to all States to respect the sovereignty, territorial integrity, political independence and non-aligned character of Afghanistan and to refrain from any interference in the internal affairs of that country [and] calls for the immediate, unconditional and total withdrawal of the foreign troops from Afghanistan in order to enable its people to determine their own form of government and choose their economic, political and social systems free from outside intervention, subversion, coercion or constraint of any kind whatsoever..." The resolution also appealed to all states and organizations for humanitarian relief for refugees via the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
See also
Emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly
First emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly
Seventh emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly
Tenth emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly
References
Notes
General
06
Foreign relations of the Soviet Union
1980 in the Soviet Union
1980 in international relations
1980 in the United Nations
January 1980 events
1980 in Afghanistan
Lists of medical abbreviations
Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS), centered in Bengaluru, India, is a public, affiliating university set up in 1996 by the government of Karnataka, India, for the regulation and promotion of higher education in health sciences throughout the state of Karnataka. RGUHS is a member of Association of Commonwealth Universities, UK.
It is the largest health sciences university in India.
List of Nursing Colleges affiliated with RGUHS
There are 435 nursing colleges affiliated with RGUHS. Some of the colleges affiliated are:
Christian College of Nursing, Bangalore
Govt. college of Nursing, Gulbarga
KLE Institute of Nursing, Hubli
Raman College of Nursing, Mysore
Kims college of Nursing, Bangalore
Notable alumni
Hans Rosling was a Swedish medical doctor, academic, statistician, and public speaker. He was a professor at International Health at Karolinska Institutet and co-founder and chairman of the Gapminder Foundation, which developed the Trendalyzer software system.
Kavery Nambisan is an Indian doctor and novelist. Nambisan's The Story that Must Not Be Told was shortlisted for the DSC Prize for South Asian Literature in 2012, as well as the Man Asian Literary Prize in 2008.
Brian J.G. Pereira is a nationally recognized expert on kidney disease and nephrology. He is currently president and CEO of Visterra, Inc.
Edmond Fernandes is a global health leader & author leading CHD Group and recognized for pioneering health and disaster intersection in India and across the Asia Pacific region.
Dr Syed Mustafa al hussaini honble director khaja bandanawaz university.
Chirag Dhar formerly a postdoctoral fellow with Ajit Varki who discovered the sialic acid binding properties of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.
Issues
RGUHS files case against lawyer, says he appeared on its behalf in Karnataka High Court without their permission. The University also landed in a mess by calling women as aphrodisiac in a BAMS paper. The University has been lobbying back doors to block any other public university in Karnataka from starting new courses pertaining to allied health sciences and public health as per popular voices although it has no standing to do that and is working against the National Education Policy.
See also
Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University
References
External links
Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences website
Medical and health sciences universities in India
Medical colleges in Karnataka
Universities in Bangalore
1996 establishments in Karnataka
Educational institutions established in 1996
Mirsad Terzić (born 12 July 1983) is a Bosnian handball player for Wisła Płock and the Bosnian national team.
He is a left-back, but primarily known as a defender. While with Izviđač though, he scored 50 goals in only six games of the 2004–05 EHF Champions League season. Which made him the number three top scorer during the group stage. Terzić is also the most capped international and the all-time top scorer for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Honours
Izviđač
Handball Championship of Bosnia and Herzegovina: 2003–04, 2004–05
Veszprém
Nemzeti Bajnokság I: 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17, 2018–19
Magyar Kupa: 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17, 2017–18
EHF Champions League runner-up: 2014–15, 2015–16, 2018–19
SEHA League: 2014–15, 2015–16
References
External links
Player profile on MKB Veszprém KC
1983 births
Living people
People from Priboj
Bosniaks of Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriates in Croatia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriates in Slovenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriates in Hungary
RK Zagreb players
Veszprém KC players
Wisła Płock (handball) players
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway.
Lines
Nakaminato Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 8.2 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout
The station is staffed and consists of a one side platform and one island platform, serving three tracks. It is the only station on the line which is fully staffed. The line's maintenance depot adjoins the station.
History
Nakaminato Station opened on 25 December 1913 as a station on the Minato Railway.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 492 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
center of former Nakaminato city
Nakaminato Post Office
Nakagawa River
Nakaminato fishing port
Bus routes
Ibaraki Kotsu
For Oarai Station and Mito Station
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1913
Hitachinaka, Ibaraki
Frecăței is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cataloi, Frecăței, Poșta and Telița.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Ti-Tree (formerly Tea Tree and Ti Tree) is a town and locality in the Northern Territory of Australia located on the Stuart Highway about south of the territory capital of Darwin and about 193 km north of the municipal seat in Alice Springs.
At the , Ti-Tree had a population of 70. It is the closest town to Alice Springs. The area around Ti-Tree has a population of 995 people of whom 191 are non-Aboriginal. The population is distributed between the 11 cattle stations, 6 Aboriginal outstations including Utopia, Ti-Tree township, Barrow Creek community and the agricultural produce farms of Ti-Tree Farm, Central Australian Produce Farm and the Territory Grape Farm. The area is an emerging centre for grapes and melons due to its year-round sunshine and abundant underground water supply.
History
The Anmatyerre name for the area close to Ti-Tree township is Aleyaw but no one seems to know how or where the name Ti Tree or Tea Tree came from. One of the first features in the area to be named was Ti Tree Well No. 3 (still to be seen on the western side of the highway just south of the township) which was developed during the construction of the Overland Telegraph Line.
The remains of Ti Tree Well No. 2 can be found at the southern end of the air strip.
In 1888 an area of about 64 km incorporating the well was formally set aside as the Tea Tree Telegraph Reserve and in 1919 W. J. 'Bill' Heffernan was granted a lease to a parcel of land which he called Tea Tree Station. The current station covers an area of 3584 km².
Since the construction of the Overland Telegraph Line, Tea Tree Well had become known for its good supply of sweet water but this was not enough to make Heffernan's labours financially rewarding. By 1935 the run was poorly improved with primitive buildings and no horse or bullock paddocks. Heffernan died in Alice Springs in 1969 and the station was carried on by his widow.
In 1975, Ian Dahlenburg took up of the station and established Dahlenburg Horticultural Enterprise which now grows grapes and watermelons on Ti Tree Farm.
In 1976, Ti Tree Station was sold to the Aboriginal Land Fund Commission and became a subject of a land claim on behalf of the local Aboriginal people. Much of the area surrounding Ti Tree township is now within the bounds of the Ahakeye Land Trust, an Aboriginal Freehold Lease.
In 1980, the local community petitioned the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly to change the spelling from "Tea Tree" to "Ti-Tree". On 15 May 1981, the area of the town was gazetted and on 22 April 1983, its name was officially changed to "Ti-Tree".
In 1994, the town was incorporated into the Anmatjere Community Government Council.
In 2007, boundaries for the locality of Ti-Tree which match those of the town were gazetted.
Current
Ti-Tree is the first substantial stop heading north from Alice Springs and is the largest community between Alice Springs and Tennant Creek. There is a hotel, a school and a police station along with several other buildings. Petrol and other traveller facilities are available.
Much of the land surrounding Ti-Tree is Aboriginal land, owned by the Anmatyerre people. Their art can be viewed within the town and there are several interesting sites in the area surrounding the township. The town serves as a service town to surrounding Aboriginal Communities.
Ti-Tree is the centre for a vegetable-producing area, producing fresh vegetables and fruit for Territory markets, with an annual table-grape harvest alone reaping $10 million.
Ti-Tree School
Ti-Tree School is located at 26 Palmer Street in Ti-Tree. It is a school operated by the Northern Territory Government. In 2018, the school offered Reception to Year 9, had a total enrolment of 80 students of which 96% were indigenous and had a teaching staff of six who was supported by seven non-teaching personnel.
See also
Ti-Tree Airfield
References
Towns in the Northern Territory
Central Desert Region
AAON Inc. () designs, manufactures and sells semi-custom heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment (HVAC) for commercial and residential use.
AAON Inc. was founded by Norm Asbjornson in 1987, when he purchased the air conditioning and heating division of John Zink. Asbjornson became both founding president and CEO. As of June 2016, AAON employed 1,300 people at its headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma. It also employed approximately 300 people in Longview, Texas, with around $358 million in annual sales.
The company broke ground on a new R&D lab in Tulsa on February 25, 2016. At the time, AAON was also expanding its manufacturing facility nearby. The research lab will reportedly cost US$33 million, and will be ready in 2019.
Its subsidiary, AAON Coil Products manufactures a variety of heating/cooling products, as well as coils used in the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) industry and provides coils to AAON and other customers.
See also
List of companies based in Tulsa, Oklahoma
List of S&P 600 companies
References
External links
Official Website
UVC Air Purifier
Companies based in Tulsa, Oklahoma
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning companies
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
American companies established in 1988
American brands
Galor may refer to:
Galor (surname)
See also
Galor, fictional starship of Cardassian Galor class in Star Trek franchise
Bonnie Ann Scott (born February 20, 1941) is a retired American actress and singer. She was best known for being the original female lead in the hit Broadway musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying while at the age of only 20. Later she played Judy Bessemer during the first season of the ABC sitcom That Girl.
Early life
Scott was born Bonnie Ann Paul on February 20, 1941, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the younger of two children born to Albert and Blanche Paul. Her elder brother was named Jordan. The family moved to Los Angeles in 1945.
Career
Scott began her professional career in singing and dancing at the age of two. She made her first television appearance at the age of eight performing live on the weekly ABC series Soapbox Theatre where she performed for two years.
She also appeared in a number of films, including Love Is Better Than Ever (MGM, 1952) Beware, My Lovely (RKO, 1952), Vicki (20th Century Fox, 1953) and Dondi (Allied Artists, 1961).
At the age of 13, Scott began performing on the musical stage. She starred in several off-Vine Street musicals, the first being Going Up in 1954. This was followed by a performance in Best Foot Forward, Paint Your Fingers and Vintage 60 in 1960. Scott also originated the role of Rosemary Pilkington in the 1961 Broadway musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying , also appearing on the Grammy Award-winning original cast album. Her replacement, Michele Lee, also appeared in the film version of the musical.
At the age of 15, she signed on to RCA Records, not as Bonnie Paul but as Bonnie Scott so to avoid confusion with singer Bunny Paul, who was on contract with Capitol Records. While with RCA, Scott made several records and had a singing engagement at the Tropicana Las Vegas. She also made appearances on several television shows including The Jerry Lewis Show, Playhouse 90, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet and You Bet Your Life. She also had a supporting role as Judy Bessemer on the first season of ABC's That Girl in 1966. In 1977, She moved to St. Louis to be a Star of The Letter People. Her last appearance was in “Meet Miss E” (1978) before her retirement.
Personal life
In 1961, after the opening of the play How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, Scott met and married Robert Parker Hutchins, II. Hutchins was a backer for the musical. The two had twins, Wendy and Douglas, and she elected not to return to How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. She divorced Hutchins in 1966. Bonnie Scott wed a second time to Jon Armstrong, a public finance investment banker, in 1978. Scott has suffered with heart issues throughout her life and in 1994, Scott underwent successful cardiac surgery at UCSF Medical Center. She and her husband currently reside in Northern California.
Filmography
Film
Dondi (1961)
Nifty Fifty (1971)
Nifty Fifty 2 (1973)
Television
That Girl
He & She
Bert D'Angelo/Superstar
The Streets of San Francisco
The Letter People
References
1941 births
Living people
American women singers
American child actresses
American musical theatre actresses
American television actresses
Actresses from Philadelphia
Musicians from Philadelphia
21st-century American women
Heidegg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Hitzkirch of the Canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Lucerne
Castles in the canton of Lucerne
Cory Elia is a journalist based in Portland, Oregon. He is managing editor of Village Portland, a volunteer reporter and podcast host at KBOO.
Reporting
Elia's footage has been used for national-level coverage, including regarding the August 2019 assault on Andy Ngo and the August 2020 New York Times and Washington Post coverage of the Killings of Aaron Danielson and Michael Reinoehl.
2020 George Floyd protest coverage
Elia says he was injured multiple times by police while covering the George Floyd protests in Portland, Oregon. By mid-June, he was on separate occasions pepper-sprayed and beaten with police batons. On June 2, after police struck Elia several times, causing his head to strike a concrete wall, Elia sought treatment at a hospital. Following the incident, police denied that video coverage of the event depicted what Elia described. The incident was referred to the Independent Police Review board. Police argue that media were told to leave the area following a declaration an unlawful assembly was declared, a position that the local chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists strongly opposes and calls an unlawful restriction. Oregon News coverage of the striking of a pedestrian by a truck during a September 2020 protest,
On 30 June, Elia and two other independent reporters, Lesley McLam and Justin Yau, were arrested while covering the protest. A video taken by Elia just prior to arrest shows Elia telling an officer that Elia recognized him from a previous night of protests. A group of police shortly thereafter rushes Elia, pushes him down, and arrests him. On July 1, the Oregon Speaker of the House, Tina Kotek, lambasted the Portland Police Bureau in an open letter, referring among other things to the arrests of Elia and two other independent journalists. Following the arrest, a district court placed a two-week restraining order on the Portland police, barring them from arresting, using force against, or seizing recording equipment and press passes from journalists and legal observers. The decision noted that police chose to arrest Elia and the two other journalists after they were made aware of their press credentials. Later that month, Elia and McLam filed a suit against the city, the second of at least three suits filed against the city on behalf of journalists that month. On June 3, Elia said that on account of exhaustion and seizure of his equipment, he would no longer cover the protests.
Personal life
Now age , Elia lived his early life in southeastern Portland, Oregon. In the mid-2010s, Elia worked for FedEx. After a major back injury, Elia began self-medicating with marijuana. Due to the drug's illegal status in Oregon at the time, Elia was fired from FedEx, leading to homelessness and a methamphetamine addiction. Elia describes coverage of homelessness as a major aspect of his journalism.
After three years of homelessness, Elia received housing and entered recovery. In 2018, he was a junior at a local college and spent time volunteering. Elia was a 2020-21 Portland State University's Student Media Board member.
References
External links
Vice documentary about Antifa which including interviews with Elia
American reporters and correspondents
Journalists from Portland, Oregon
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Leave Means Leave was a pro-Brexit, Eurosceptic political pressure group organisation that campaigned and lobbied for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union following the 'Leave' result of the EU referendum on 23 June 2016. The campaign was co-chaired by British property entrepreneur Richard Tice and business consultant John Longworth. The vice-chairman was Leader of the Brexit Party, Nigel Farage.
The organisation has described itself as a ‘campaign for a clean Brexit'.
History
Co-founded by Richard Tice and John Longworth, according to the BBC, the organisation grew out of the Vote Leave campaign during the 2016 EU referendum.
The organisation was dissolved on 31 January 2020 following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union.
Letter to the prime minister
On 30 September 2017, during the Brexit negotiations, the campaign wrote a letter to Prime Minister Theresa May. Four ex-cabinet members, including former Chancellor of the Exchequer Lord Lawson, as well as former Brexit minister David Jones, signed the letter alongside the rest of the board. The letter highlighted concerns including support for considering a no-deal scenario.
The letter had multiple significant supporters outside of the organisation, including former Conservative leader Michael Howard, who said he shared its "aspirations".
March to Leave
Nigel Farage and the Leave Means Leave campaign organised a march in 2019, setting off from Sunderland in the north east of England on 16 March and culminating in a rally in Parliament Square, London on 29 March, the date Brexit was originally due to occur.
The march set off from Sunderland on Saturday 16 March 2019 with roughly 100 marchers heading to Hartlepool led by Farage. Supporters of Leave Means Leave had been asked to pay £50 to sponsor or to join the march from Sunderland to London and it had been claimed that more than 350 people had signed up although only 50 had agreed to walk for the full 14 days. The marchers did not plan to walk the whole route.
At the start of the march, Nigel Farage was quoted as saying: "We are here in the very week when parliament is doing its utmost to betray the Brexit result ... It is beginning to look like it doesn't want to leave and the message from this march is if you think you can walk all over us we will march straight back to you.”
The following day roughly 150 marchers headed to Middlesbrough but Farage did not participate. Farage rejoined the march the following Saturday in Nottinghamshire attended by roughly 200 marchers, drawing unfavourable comparisons to the hundreds of thousands attending the anti-Brexit People's Vote March in London on the same day.
The March for Leave then proceeded through Leicestershire and Buckinghamshire with its numbers reduced to around 100.
The march was accompanied throughout by an advertising truck displaying anti-Brexit messages paid for by the LED By Donkeys campaign.
On 29 March, the march arrived in Central London, to join the Leave Means Leave rally in Parliament Square. The rally was reported to have attracted "thousands" of supporters. The Financial Times quoted their reporter Sebastian Payne as stating that the crowd size was "a couple of thousand". Speakers included Brexit Party chairman, Richard Tice, businessman John Longworth, broadcaster Julia Hartley-Brewer, Spiked editor Brendan O'Neill, Labour MP Kate Hoey, Wetherspoons founder Tim Martin, writer Claire Fox, Conservative MPs Peter Bone and Mark Francois and DUP MP Ian Paisley Jr.
A separate pro-Brexit "Make Brexit Happen" rally, organised by the UKIP party formerly led by Farage, was also held nearby.
References
Euroscepticism in the United Kingdom
2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum
2016 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2016
Brexit–related advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
Tufton Street
Smilyan (Bulgarian: Смилян) is a village in Smolyan Municipality, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. It is located 176.862 km from Sofia and the village covers an area of 29.248 km2. As of 2019, the village had a population of 1583 people.
It is known for its premium quality beans, of which limited quantities are produced.
Honours
Smilyan Bastion on Loubet Coast, Antarctica is named after the village.
References
Villages in Smolyan Province
Guaonico is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 538.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Guaonico barrio was 771.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Field of Reeds is the third studio album by British art rock band These New Puritans, released on 10 June 2013 on Infectious Music. Produced by Jack Barnett and Graham Sutton, the album features prominent contributions from over thirty-eight session musicians, including jazz singer Elisa Rodrigues, and finds the band "reinventing themselves as a neoclassical ensemble." The album is the band's first without keyboardist Sophie Sleigh-Johnson, who departed from the band in 2012.
Released to widespread critical acclaim, Field of Reeds reached number ninety on the UK Albums Chart.
Background and recording
During the recording of Field of Reeds the band worked extensively with classical musicians and singers, including two large ensembles: the Stargaze Ensemble and the Synergy Vocal Ensemble. Regarding the recording process, vocalist and multi-instrumentalist Jack Barnett noted, "We pissed off a lot of people making this album, and drove a lot of people mad. We worked long hours of the day, every day. I'm a bit of a perfectionist. Maybe some of the musicians thought, 'It's some popular music project, we can all relax, put our feet up.' But it was a big challenge."
Release
On 13 June 2013 the band released a music video for the album's second track, "Fragment Two", directed by Daniel Askill. Videos were also made for "Organ Eternal" and "V (Island Song)".
Critical reception
Field of Reeds received highly positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from professional critics, the album received an average score of 82 based on 26 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
In 2016, Fact placed Field of Reeds at number 26 on its list of the best post-rock albums of all time, with staff writer Chal Ravens describing the album as "one of only a few records that could claim to be a successor of Talk Talk's majestic strand of post-rock".
Track listing
Personnel
These New Puritans
Jack Barnett – vocals, piano, electric piano, organs, bass guitar, vibraphone, chromatic gongs, unpitched percussion, magnetic resonator piano, sound design, field recordings
George Barnett – drums, percussion, glass
Thomas Hein – bass guitar, roto-toms
Additional musicians
Singers
Elisa Rodrigues – vocals
Adrian Peacock – basso profondo
Elizabeth Turner – field recording vocal
Soloists
Nicholas Ellis – clarinet and bass clarinet soloist
Henry Lowther – flugelhorn and trumpet soloist
Lindsay Kempley – French horn soloist
Daniel West – tenor trombone and bass trombone soloist
Pete Smith – tuba soloist
Elspeth Hanson – viola soloist
Chris Laurence – double bass soloist
Toby Kearney – vibraphone soloist
Faith Leadbetter – piano and electric piano soloist
Stargaze Ensemble
Andre de Ridder – conductor
Nikolaus Neuser – flugelhorn, trumpet
Matthias Gödeker – French horn I
Stefan Most – French horn II
Florian Juncker – tenor trombone
Till Krause – bass trombone
Sebastian Kunzke – tuba
Paul Valikoski – violin I
Daniella Strasfogel – violin II
Justin Caullet – viola
Zoe Cartier – violoncello
Kristjan Orii Sigerleifsson – double bass
Synergy Vocal Ensemble
Micaela Haslam – director, soprano
Julia Wilson-James – soprano
Heather Cairncross – alto
Rachel Weston – alto
Phillip Brown – tenor
Andrew Busher – tenor
Children of St Mary's Church of England Primary School
Charlie Dyer
Daisy Farthing
Maddie Farthing
Amber Motti
James Norris
Jacob Scotford
Bethany Scriven
Others
Ben McLusky – additional pipe organ
Andrew McPherson – magnetic resonator piano setup and calibration
Shiloh – hawk
Alan Vaughan – hawk handler
Roy at TGM Glazing – glazier
Stool Trinovante – saxocone
Recording personnel
Graham Paul Sutton – producer
Jack Barnett – producer
Phill Brown – recording engineer (ensemble recordings)
Ben McLusky – assistant engineer
Christian Bader – assistant engineer
Campbell Duncan – assistant engineer
Geoff Swan – assistant engineer
Mark "Spike" Stent – mixing
Stuart Hawkes – mastering
Artwork
George Barnett – artwork, other photography
Matthew Cooper – artwork
Paul Steet – artwork assistant
Jack Barnett – drawings
Willy Vanderperre – band photography
Charts
References
2013 albums
These New Puritans albums
Infectious Music albums
The Orange Girl () is a 2003 novel by Jostein Gaarder, the Norwegian author of the best-selling Sophie's World. The novel was adapted into a film in 2009. The original Norwegian title, appelsin, refers specifically to the fruit and not the colour.
Plot overview
Georg Røed's father Jan Olav died when he was four years old. Eleven years later, Georg's grandmother finds letters addressed to Georg from Jan Olav, written before his death, along with a story titled "The Orange Girl."
As Georg soon discovers, "The Orange Girl" is not simply a story, but a riddle from the past that centres around an incident from his father's youth. In the story, it is revealed that Jan Olav had once boarded a tram and had taken notice of a beautiful girl who had been clutching a bag of oranges. When tram abruptly jolted, the girl's oranges were dispersed. Jan Olav attempted to collect the oranges, but found that the girl had already disembarked from the tram. The story is a request for his son to solve the mystery of the orange girl's identity.
Georg realizes that the "orange girl" was his mother, whom he is still living with. The story turns out to be his father telling him how he and his mother met, and then explains how horrible it was to find out he was dying. He ends the letter by asking Georg the question: if before you were born, you were given the choice to live and be very happy, but die young and have all of the happiness taken away, or to not live at all, what would you choose?
Adaptations
In 2009, The Orange Girl was adapted into a film directed by Eva Dahr.
References
Novels by Jostein Gaarder
2003 novels
Norwegian novels adapted into films
The Catholic Church in Nigeria is mainly composed of a Latin hierarchy, joined in a national Episcopal Conference of Nigeria, and a single Eastern Catholic (transnational) see, comprising:
9 Latin rite ecclesiastical provinces, each under a Metropolitan Archbishop, with a total of 44 suffragan dioceses
one missionary apostolic vicariate
one Maronite diocese, for all Western and Central Africa
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees.
There is an Apostolic Nunciature (papal diplomatic representation at embassy-level) to Nigeria in the national capital Abuja; in it is also vested the papal Permanent Observer to Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
Eastern Catholic
Exempt (directly under the Holy See)
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Annunciation of Ibadan, with see in Ibadan, Oyo state
Current Latin Sees
Ecclesiastical Province of Abuja
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Abuja, official website
Diocese of Gboko
Diocese of Idah
Diocese of Katsina-Ala
Diocese of Lafia, official website
Diocese of Lokoja
Diocese of Makurdi
Diocese of Otukpo
Ecclesiastical Province of Benin City
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Benin City, official website
Diocese of Auchi, official website
Diocese of Issele-Uku, official website
Diocese of Uromi, official website
Diocese of Warri, official website
Diocese of Bomadi
Ecclesiastical Province of Calabar
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Calabar
Diocese of Ikot Ekpene, official website
Diocese of Ogoja
Diocese of Port Harcourt
Diocese of Uyo, official website
Ecclesiastical Province of Ibadan
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Ibadan, official website
Diocese of Ekiti, official website
Diocese of Ilorin
Diocese of Ondo, official website
Diocese of Osogbo
Diocese of Oyo, official website
Ecclesiastical Province of Jos
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Jos, official website
Diocese of Bauchi, official website
Diocese of Jalingo
Diocese of Maiduguri
Diocese of Pankshin
Diocese of Shendam
Diocese of Yola
Ecclesiastical Province of Kaduna
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kaduna, official website
Diocese of Kafanchan, official website
Diocese of Kano
Diocese of Kontagora
Diocese of Minna
Diocese of Sokoto
Diocese of Zaria, official website , Scribd.com page
Ecclesiastical Province of Lagos
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lagos, official website
Diocese of Abeokuta, official website
Diocese of Ijebu-Ode
Ecclesiastical Province of Onitsha
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Onitsha, official website
Diocese of Abakaliki, official website
Diocese of Awgu
Diocese of Awka, official website
Diocese of Enugu, official website
Diocese of Nnewi, official website
Diocese of Nsukka
Diocese of Ekwulobia, official website
Ecclesiastical Province of Owerri
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Owerri, official website
Diocese of Aba, official website
Diocese of Ahiara, official website
Diocese of Okigwe, official website
Diocese of Orlu, official website
Diocese of Umuahia, official website
See also
Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Outline of Nigeria
Index of Nigeria-related articles
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections.
Catholic Bishops' Conference of Nigeria
Catholic News Service of Nigeria
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Nigerian Catholic Diocesan Priests Association (NCDPA)
Jurisdictions and Ordinaries in Nigeria
Nigeria
Nigeria religion-related lists
Jacob LeFever (April 20, 1830 – February 4, 1905) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Biography
Jacob LeFever was born in New Paltz, New York on April 20, 1830. He was educated at New Paltz Academy and Amenia Seminary. He operated a successful farm and became a prominent businessman and banker. He was an officer of the Huguenot National Bank, a member of the board of directors of the New Paltz Savings Bank, and a member of the board of directors of the Wallkill Valley Railroad.
A Republican, LeFever served as Town Supervisor of New Paltz in 1861 and 1862, which also made him a member of the Ulster County Board of Supervisors.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Ulster Co., 2nd D.) in 1863, 1864, 1865 and 1867.
LeFever was a delegate to numerous Republican state conventions and was a delegate to the 1888 Republican National Convention.
LeFever was elected as a to the Fifty-third and Fifty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1897). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1896 to the Fifty-fifth Congress.
He served as president of the Huguenot National Bank from 1875 until his death. He died in New Paltz on February 4, 1905, and was interred in New Paltz Rural Cemetery.
Jacob LeFever was the father of Frank Jacob Le Fevre, who also served in Congress.
Although he usually spelled his name as "LeFever", it appears variously in contemporary records and news accounts as "Le Fever", "Le Fevre", and "LeFevre."
References
Jacob LeFever in Life Sketches of the State Officers, Senators, and Members of the Assembly of the State of New York in 1867
1830 births
1905 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Members of the New York State Assembly
Town supervisors in New York (state)
American bank presidents
Burials in New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Late Show is the debut studio album by Canadian rock band The Beaches. Produced by Metric members Emily Haines and Jimmy Shaw, it was released by Island Records on October 13, 2017. The album was supported by the singles "Money" and "T-Shirt", the latter achieving number one on the Billboard Canada Rock chart. The album helped to earn the band the 2018 Juno Award for Breakthrough Group of the Year, alongside a nomination for the 2018 SOCAN Songwriting Prize for "Money".
Track listing
References
Further reading
2017 debut albums
Universal Music Canada albums
Albums recorded at Noble Street Studios
Unity Roots and Family, Away (also known as UR&FA) is the eighth released album from the Japanese rock band Glay. It reached #1 on Oricon charts and sold about 436,180 copies. In this album Glay takes a new turn and dabbles in genres such as gospel, R&B and blues. The band's leader, Takuro, wanted an album made for the people closest to him, which resulted in "UR&FA".
"...people like my family members, lovers, friends, staff, acquaintance relationships, and the people I have around me greatly influence my work, and I wanted to make one album about that. My keyword was "roots". And, after that I had "unity". ...I wanted to do this theme one time. We did a gospel sound in order to represent these people the closest." (Takuro)
Track listing
We All Feel His Strength of Tender - 6:41
- 3:54
Girlish Moon - 6:22
Way of Difference - 4:45
- 4:59
- 4:58
- 2:54
Neverland - 3:33
- 2:59
Father & Son - 4:04
- 4:52
Friend of Mine - 6:04
All Standard Is You -End Roll- (Arranged by Glay, Masahide Sakuma, and dj honda) - 4:16
All lyrics and compositions by Takuro, except #8 (music by Jiro), musical arrangements by Glay and Masashide Sakuma, except when noted.
Album chart information
Oricon Top Ranking: #1
Weeks on: 16
Overall Glay Ranking: #8
(NOTE: Overall Glay Ranking is how it is ranked against Glay's other albums according to the Oricon)
References
Oricon - Glay's profile on the Oricon
Happy Swing Space Site - Official Site
Glay albums
2002 albums
Pony Canyon albums
Spencer Brook is an unincorporated community in Spencer Brook Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Isanti County Roads 7 and 40 are two of the main routes in the community. Spencer Brook is located between Bradford and Princeton. The Rum River and Spencer Brook both flow through the community.
Spencer Brook was one of the first communities in Isanti County, settled in the late 1850s by Yankees from the east coast, many Civil War veterans. Spencer Brook includes the historic country school and Able Hearts Community and Christian Counseling formerly Spencer Brook United Methodist Church. It was named after Benjamin Nicholson Spencer (1806-1881) who came from Turkeyfoot, PA and came to Minnesota in 1854 and was Alderman of the 1st Ward of Spencer Brook Township. Benjamin was a Judge, carpenter, and farmer.
References
The Princeton Union March 31, 1881 page 1.
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
William Arnull was a British jockey. He was from a famous family of jockeys, being the son of John Arnull and nephew of Sam Arnull. Arnull was known to many as the best of the three.
Career
He was apprenticed to Frank Neal in Newmarket but his first flush of success came riding for his brother-in-law, Richard Boyce, whose major owners were Messrs Ladbroke and Shakespeare. For Ladbroke, he won the 1812 Derby on Octavius. He also won the 1804 Derby on Hannibal for Lord Egremont and the 1814 renewal on Blucher for Lord Stawell. He won three successive 2,000 Guineas between 1814 and 1816, and won the fillies' Guineas three times between 1817 and 1832. By this time in his career, his principal patrons were Lord George Cavendish and the Marquess of Exeter
Riding style and personality
It is said of Arnull that "lack of tactical skill prevented him from being a great jockey." Nevertheless, he was a "fearless rider, whose strength made him formidable in a finish, and absolutely honest." He was known for being careful with his money and it was said he would go for a week without food if it would earn him a sovereign. This led Newmarket locals to encourage tramps to target him with their begging. He never became rich as a jockey, and was still riding aged 48.
He suffered from gout from an early age and it finally killed him on 29 April 1835, just after he had started training for Lord Lichfield.
Major wins
Classic races
Great Britain
1,000 Guineas - (3) - Neva (1817), Young Mouse (1829), Galata (1832)
2,000 Guineas - (3) - Olive (1814), Tigris (1815), Nectar (1816)
Epsom Derby - (3) - Hannibal (1804), Octavius (1812), Blucher (1814)
Selected other races
Ascot Gold Cup - (3) - Bizarre (1824, 1825), Galata (1833)
References
Bibliography
1785 births
1835 deaths
British jockeys
Histria Giada is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta, Malta.
History
Histria Giada was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description
The Histria Giada is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.
References
Ships built in Romania
2007 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
The 2019 World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup was the fourteenth edition of the Pacific Nations Cup annual international rugby union competition. The tournament was won by Japan after victory over the United States. It was Japan's third Pacific Nations title and the second in their own right.
Format
The tournament used a cross-pool format. The six national teams were divided into two pools of three. Each team played three matches, one against each of the teams in the opposite pool. The tournament placings were decided on the number of points accumulated from all matches.
Standings
Fixtures
There were five fixtures played in Fiji, two in Japan, and one each in Samoa and United States. Neutral referees and television match officials were appointed for all matches.
Round 1
Notes:
Afa Amosa, Senio Toleafoa, Alofaaga Sao, UJ Seuteni, Belgium Tuatagaloa and Johnny Vaili made their test debut for Samoa.
James Faiva, Mali Hingano, Sam Lousi, Otumaka Mausia and Toma Taufa made their test debut for Tonga.
Notes:
Yusuke Kizu, Lappies Labuschagné and James Moore (all Japan) and Filipo Nakosi (Fiji) made their international debut.
This was Japan's first win over Fiji since their 24–13 win during the 2011 IRB Pacific Nations Cup.
This was Fiji's first loss in the Pacific Nations Cup since their 18-13 defeat to Samoa in 2014.
Notes:
Jamason Fa'anana Schultz (United States) and Peter Nelson and Andrew Quattrin (both Canada) made their international debuts.
Round 2
Notes:
Ben Pinkelman (United States) and Henry Stowers (Samoa) made their international debuts.
Notes:
Tevita Ratuva (Fiji) made his international debut.
Round 3
Statistics
Points scorers
Try scorers
Squads
Note: Number of caps and players' ages are indicated as of 27 July 2019 – the tournament's opening day, pre first tournament match.
Canada
On 18 July, Kingsley Jones named his 31-man squad for the Pacific Nations Cup.
On 1 August, winger Kainoa Lloyd was added to the squad as injury cover.
Fiji
On 30 May, John McKee named an initial 50-man extended squad for the upcoming Pacific Nations Cup which was cut down to 42 in June.
Japan
On 17 July, Japan named a 35-man squad for their 2019 World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup campaign.
Samoa
On 22 June, Steve Jackson named a 33-man squad for the 2019 Pacific Nations Cup.
Tonga
Tonga squad for the 2019 World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup.
United States
On the 13 June, Gary Gold named a 50 man extended squad for the Pacific Nations Cup, and in preparation ahead of the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
See also
2019 Rugby World Cup warm-up matches
References
External links
Pacific Nations Cup web page at World Rugby
2018
2019 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2019 in Oceanian rugby union
2019 in Fijian rugby union
2019 in Tongan rugby union
World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup
World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup
World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup
World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup
World Rugby Pacific Nations Cup
Ratlam Lok Sabha constituency (formerly, Jhabua Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes. This constituency was renamed as Ratlam in 2008, following delimitation of the parliamentary constituencies. This constituency covers the entire Alirajpur and Jhabua districts and part of Ratlam district.
Vidhan Sabha segments
Presently, Ratlam Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies:
Members of Lok Sabha
^ by poll
Election Results
General election 2019
By poll 2015
General election 2014
General election 2009
See also
Alirajpur district
Jhabua district
Ratlam district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
External links
Ratlam lok sabha constituency election 2019 result details
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Ratlam district
Jhabua district
Alirajpur district
This is a list of prime ministers of Niger since the formation of the post of Prime Minister of Niger in 1983 to the present day.
A total of fifteen people have served as Prime Minister of Niger (not counting one Acting Prime Minister). Additionally, three persons, Mamane Oumarou, Amadou Cissé and Hama Amadou have served on two non-consecutive occasions.
The current Prime Minister of Niger is Ouhoumoudou Mahamadou, since 3 April 2021.
Key
Political parties
Other factions
Status
List of officeholders
Timeline
See also
Niger
List of heads of state of Niger
List of colonial governors of Niger
Politics of Niger
Lists of office-holders
References
External links
World Statesmen – Niger
Niger
Political history of Niger
Government of Niger
Prime ministers
Akinlolu Richard Olamide Famewo (born 9 November 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for club Sheffield Wednesday.
Career
Luton Town
Born in Lewisham, Greater London, Famewo joined Luton Town as an under-10 and progressed through the club's youth system. He was a member of the under-18 team that won the Youth Alliance South East title and the Youth Alliance Cup in 2015–16, and also reached the quarter-finals of the FA Youth Cup, in which they lost 1–0 to Blackburn Rovers.
Famewo signed his first professional contract on 18 July 2016 at the start of the second year of his scholarship. He was named in the matchday squad for the first time on 10 August for Luton's 3–1 win at home to newly relegated Championship club Aston Villa in the EFL Cup first round, but remained an unused substitute. Famewo made his professional debut on 16 August as an 86th-minute substitute for Jordan Cook in a 2–1 win at home to Newport County. His first start came on 30 August in Luton's 2–1 win away to Gillingham in the EFL Trophy and made his first league start in a 1–1 draw away to Hartlepool United on 27 September. After Famewo's full league debut, manager Nathan Jones said "He was outstanding and he's going to be a top player. He has all the attributes and he's ours and we're proud of him". Famewo missed much of the rest of the campaign due to injury, but he returned to Luton's matchday squad as an unused substitute for the final part of the season and finished 2016–17 with six appearances.
Famewo signed a one-year extension to his contract on 6 July 2018 to keep him at the club until June 2020, and joined League Two club Grimsby Town on a season-long loan. He was recalled by Luton on 29 January 2019, having made 12 appearances for Grimsby.
Norwich City
Famewo signed for Championship club Norwich City on 29 January 2019 on a one-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
He was loaned to Scottish Premiership club St Mirren on 8 January 2020 until the end of the 2019–20 season. Famewo joined newly relegated League One club Charlton Athletic on 26 September 2020 on loan for the 2020–21 season. Charlton re-signed Famewo on a season-long loan on 8 July 2021, with the option of a permanent transfer.
However, this option was not taken up and Famewo rejoined Norwich City at the end of the 2021-22 season following their relegation back to The Championship.
Sheffield Wednesday
On 6 July 2022, Famewo joined Sheffield Wednesday for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut away to Milton Keynes Dons on 6 August 2022, but it would be cut short by a serious-looking injury. Following Wednesday's EFL Cup win against Sunderland, manager Darren Moore confirmed Famewo would be out for some considerable time.
Personal life
Born in England, Famewo is of Nigerian descent.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at the Norwich City F.C. website
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Lewisham
English footballers
English people of Nigerian descent
Association football defenders
Luton Town F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Premier League players
Black British sportspeople
Meridian High School is a public four-year high school located in Macon, Illinois. It is located about nine miles south of Decatur, Illinois. Its first year of existence was the fall of 1994, when it was formed by the merger of the Macon School District (1927–1994) and the Blue Mound School District (1917–1994). It is now part of the Meridian Community School District #15, which includes Meridian Middle School (grades 6-8) and Meridian High School (grades 9-12) in Macon, and Meridian Elementary School (grades Pre-K-5) in Blue Mound.
The Meridian school district includes the towns of Macon, Blue Mound, Boody, Elwin, and some areas in the southern tip of Decatur.
In 2011, with the help of a one percent sales tax increase for Macon County and a grant from the state of Illinois, Meridian residents decided to change the Macon and Blue Mound campuses. Meridian High School would become the new Meridian Jr./Sr. High School, housing grades 6-12. A new wing and gym would be added, and a new football and baseball field would be constructed. Meridian Middle School would be torn down (except for the gymnasium) and a new school constructed in its place which would serve as the new elementary school (Pre-K-5).
Sports
On June 4, 1971, the Macon Ironmen baseball team finished in second place at the Illinois High School Association Boys Baseball Championship Tournament. The story of this feat has been retold in a 2012 book titled “One Shot at Forever: A Small Town, an Unlikely Coach, and a Magical Baseball Season” by Sports Illustrated writer Chris Ballard. Brian Snitker, a member of that team, worked for the Atlanta Braves (third base coach, 2006-2013 and manager, beginning May 2016, which then he won Manager of the Year in 2018). and the 2021 World Series.
In November 1986, the Macon Ironmen football team took second place in the IHSA Class 1A State Playoffs.
In November 1999, the Meridian Hawks placed second in the IHSA 2A Football Championship.
On May 27, 2006, Meridian Hawks' Rodney Oyler was the first individual IHSA Boys State Champion in the open 800-meter run.
On March 14, 2009, Meridian Hawks won the IHSA Boys Class 1A Basketball Championship.
Notable alumni
Dale Connelly, who succeeded Garrison Keillor as co-host of Minnesota Public Radio's Morning Show, is a 1973 graduate of Macon High School
Lauren Doyle, represented the United States of America for Rugby sevens at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Brian Snitker, 2021 World Series winning manager of the Atlanta Braves, member of the 1971 Mod Squad, and a 1973 graduate of Macon High School
Toby Towson, NCAA Gymnastics Champion, coach and dancer, a 1965 graduate of Macon High School.
References
http://www.ihsa.org/SportsActivities/BoysTrackField/RecordsHistory.aspx
External links
Meridian High School's Official Website
Public high schools in Illinois
Educational institutions established in 1994
Schools in Macon County, Illinois
1994 establishments in Illinois
In Motion is an album by the David Becker Tribune released in 1991.
Track listing
All writing by David Becker except where indicated
"Wesward Ho"
"Intro"
"In Motion"
"Outta Towner"
"Forgotten Friends"
"Time Has Fun (When Your Flying By)" (David Becker, Tom Lilly)
"Pepe"
"From the Right Side"
"Cobalt Blue (David Becker, Bruce Becker)
"Passion Dance" (McCoy Tyner)
"Just Because"
Personnel
David Becker – acoustic electric guitars, keyboards
T Lavitz – piano
Tom Lilly – fretless bass, keyboards
Bruce Becker – drums, percussion
Brad Dutz – percussion
References
1991 albums
Jonathan Kiriisa (born 23 June 1959) is a Ugandan boxer. He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Ugandan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Uganda
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-heavyweight boxers
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Uganda
Boxers at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Štadión pod Dubňom is an all-seater football stadium situated in Žilina, Slovakia, which is the home of MŠK Žilina. It is named after the hill Dubeň, adjacent to which it is located, and the name of the stadium literally means "Stadium under the Dubeň Hill."
History
The original stadium was opened on 10 August 1941 although the ground had been in use since the club's foundation in 1909. As of 2002, predominantly due to UEFA requirements, the club proposed an extensive renovation of the stadium. Throughout the first stages of redevelopment all seating low capacity stands were erected behind the goals to comply with UEFA rules. Following years, as the expansion continued, extra rows of seats were added and both stands were fully covered.
Since the 2012–13 season, the away supporters have been housed on one side of the North Stand, historically the Kop stand attended solely by the home fans. This decision has triggered a huge discontent among the home supporters, with many of them boycotting to attend home games as a sign of protest.
Currently the stadium consists of four separate stands. The West and East Stands run alongside the pitch, with West Stand considered to be the main stand equipped with VIP seats, hospitality boxes and press room, TV commentators seats as well as section for wheelchair users. Changing rooms are also situated in the West Stand. The East Stand was the last to be rebuilt and was reopened before 2009–10 season.
For security purposes the stadium has been equipped with modern security installations such as a monitoring system. The intensity of the floodlighting is 1,930 lux. There is also a large screen inside the ground for showing highlights of match days. A prayer room is situated between South and East Stand.
The capacity is 11,253 seats with the prospect of future expansion to hold a crowd of up to 15,000 spectators.
Štadión pod Dubňom was also a venue to host international matches of the Slovakia national football team until 2016, when the natural grass was replaced by the artificial grass.
The stadium was one of the venues used for the 2013 UEFA European Under-17 Championship where six matches were held including the final.
International matches
Štadión pod Dubňom has hosted 11 competitive and 10 friendly matches of the Slovakia national football team.
References
External links
Stadium Database Article
UEFA Profile
Football stadiums profile
Football venues in Slovakia
MŠK Žilina
Buildings and structures in Žilina Region
Sports venues completed in 1941
The Last Straw is a 1920 American silent Western film directed by Denison Clift and Charles Swickard and starring Buck Jones, Vivian Rich, and Jane Talent. It cost $31,000 to make, considerably exceeding its planned budget. It was Jones' first starring role.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, Tom Beck (Jones) is one of the cowboys on the H O ranch in Montana who does not believe in taking a chance. On the arrival of Jane Hunter (Rich), a young New York woman who has inherited the property from her uncle, at the ranch she watches as four men draw straws to see who will be the ranch foreman. Tom refuses to take a chance on drawing the last straw and loses the job as it was the short one. Hepburn (Le Moyne), whom Tom suspects of conniving with cattle rustlers in their attempt to gain part of the H O ranch, is made foreman. Tom, however, becomes Jane's confidant. His refusal to let her drink and smoke, which she had been accustomed to doing in New York, wins her admiration. Dick Hilton (Kenny), an insipid New York millionaire who Jane had refused to marry after becoming financially dependent, follows her to Montana. He scorns at her praise of Tom, and when Jane refuses to tolerate his amours, he attempts to force them upon her. Tom intervenes and throws Dick from the house. Dick then turns his attentions on Bobby (Talent), the daughter of the squatter Alf Cole who is the tool of the rustlers. Hepburn then resigns as foreman and Tom is given charge. He scents trouble from this action and informs Jane that he is going to the rustlers' cabin to make settlement. Jane gives him a locket for good luck, informing Tom that he is not to open it. At the cabin of the rustlers Dick attempts to kill Tom and in the shooting affray Tom manages to escape only to be captured by another of his enemies. While he is absent from the ranch, the other men capture the squatter Alf, and he is put on trial with Jane acting as judge. She acquits him, an act which touches the heart of Bobby, who had been angered by the relations between Jane and Dick. After escaping from the ropes used to bind him, Tom arrives at the H O ranch in time to join in another shooting affray. He is taking Jane to a safe place when Dick sneaks up from the back to kill him. Bobby, despite her love for Dick, sees this and shoots him. Tom and Jane return to a cabin and Tom, after Jane reveals the content of the locket as being the last straw, says that he is now ready to take a chance.
Cast
Buck Jones as Tom Beck
Vivian Rich as Jane Hunter
Jane Talent as Bobby Cole
Colin Kenny as Dick Hilton
Charles Le Moyne as Hepburn
James Robert Chandler as Alf Cole
William Gillis as Two Bits
Slim Padgett as Sam McKee
Hank Bell as Pat Webb
Zeib Morris as Riley
Lon Poff as Rev. Beal
References
Bibliography
Solomon, Aubrey. The Fox Film Corporation, 1915-1935. A History and Filmography. McFarland & Co, 2011.
External links
1920 films
1920 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Denison Clift
Films directed by Charles Swickard
Fox Film films
Squatting in film
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
At Ground Zero is a 1993 Independent feature film (released in 1994) directed and written by Craig Schlattman from an original story. It stars Thomas Jane (credited as Tom Elliott), and his then wife, Aysha Hauer (Rutger Hauer's daughter), as a couple on the run across America to find 'home'. Also featured in the film are Brian Brophy as Carman, and Schlattman as Bubba. After receiving critical praise in the European and American press, At Ground Zero was given no advertising and a small release by a minor distributor, Filmopolis Pictures. It has since gone on to be an Indie favorite.
Plot
Tom and Aysha (character names) are at the economic bottom of the LA scene; no money, on drugs, and selling themselves to exist. Tom brains his drug dealer, steals his drugs and the two split town by bus and thumb, heading 'home'. Hitching a ride from a quixotic, dangerous character, Bubba, they put up with his advances until he too is ejected from his own car as the two free themselves from all restraint. Aysha starts a real spiral into heroin, as Tom joins in, but spirits are high. They run into a hilarious character, Carman, who they enlist in their fun, as the trip escalates into the threesomes' investigation of freedom, drugs, and abandonment. Carman leaves the duo, and Aysha falls into a drug appetite Tom can't understand and in frustration he hurts her. Together, but separate, they endure the car ride as they head for Minneapolis and home. In the end, the couples explore the detritus of their family, and lives, and even in betrayal have passion for each other. On a final, bittersweet note, Carman continues his self-destructive ways, as some hope endures.
Cast
Thomas Jane (credited as Tom Elliott) as Thomas Quinton Pennington
Aysha Hauer as Aysha Almouth
Brian Brophy Carman
Craig Schlattman as Bubba
Analysis
At Ground Zero explores an American culture peculiar to our contemporary world. It follows an alienated couple as they run across America, the characters they become involved with, and the ultimate disintegration of their relationship. Its gritty, contemporary feel, dark humor, uncompromising realism and visual strength evoke a metaphysical, surreal tone. At its heart this is a driven, existential love story in which the audience spends some time with 'fringe' characters, normally shunned by society. It has been compared, visually, to Michelangelo Antonioni's films, and has been called a contemporary Easy Rider.
Production
At Ground Zero was written as an original story by Craig Schlattman, who, at the time, was making short films, documentaries, and still photographs while looking for financing for this film. Tired of waiting, and turned down by every studio he approached, he ran into Thomas Jane and Aysha Hauer while shooting a scene from Hiroshima Mon Amour for another director in which Tom and Aysha were the leads. Craig has said he knew they were perfect for the parts and approached them about being in the film by handing them scripts. A day later he got enthusiastic calls from Tom and Aysha excited to do the parts and be in the film. Craig has acknowledged that he was exploring aspects of his own character in the two leads, and saw in Tom and Aysha a chance for them to use their own experiences in the central love story, and changed the names of the leads, slightly, to let Tom and Aysha use their own names as tools for character. Unable to cast the quirky part of Carman, at the last minute Craig went to Brian Brophy's LA apartment and let him read for the part. Craig cast him on the spot and they prepared to go on the road in the next couple of days.
The movie was shot on the road from Los Angeles to Corpus Christi where part of the cast and all of the crew returned to LA. Tom and Aysha then proceeded to Minneapolis with Craig as director and crew, where the culminating scenes were shot. On the return to LA they grabbed scenes and stole locations along the way. At Ground Zero is a fine example of guerrilla filmmaking at its best. Barely any production budget, some credit cards, a car, some gas, and a desire to finish the film is what motivated everyone. Cast and crew of At Ground Zero were handed the script and asked to make their decision to work on the film based on their reaction to the script, and a realistic understanding of the 'budget' they had to work with. Craig has said the edgy, documentary, direct cinema feel of this film was intentional, and pushed as far as possible considering the budget available. All the actors were given great leeway with the script and encouraged to use their improvisational skills to expand the characters, keep the energy high, and heighten the 'realistic' tone of this story. Craig has said the production technique of using the ups and downs and emotional swings of being with 'strangers' for a month on the road was a conscious decision to expand the emotional swings of the lead characters and their disintegrating relationship, and was helpful for the actors as the story, and everyone's patience, headed for the culminating scenes.
Reception
At Ground Zero premiered at the Rotterdam International Film Festival to enthusiastic, full houses, and went on an extensive festival run in the US and Europe, garnering very positive reviews along the way –
External links
At Ground Zero at the Internet Movie Database
At Ground Zero – official film website
Proletariat Pictures – production company official website
1994 films
American crime comedy-drama films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār; also known as Ḩeşār-e Māzūl) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 270, in 85 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Adha Tsho is a natural low altitude lake and pilgrimage place located near a paddy field in Athang Gewog of Wangdue Phodrang District in Bhutan.
Area
The surface area of the Adha Tsho is 2.38 ha and situated at an altitude of 1300 m from sea level. The lake is surrounded by broadleaved forest on the east and west and paddy fields on the northern side.
Cultural significance
The Adha Tsho or also known as the Adha Pemai Thangka Tsho is believed to be the home for a mermaid which came from a higher altitude lake below Pelela in Wangdue Phodrang.
Conservation significance
The Adha Lake with the Punatsangchhu in the west forms one of the 23 important bird areas in Bhutan. The lake is inside the Jigme Singye Wangchuck National Park. The lake is one of the important water holes within the area for the wild animals and migratory birds. The lake is also an important habitat for the critically endangered White-bellied Heron and the Mountain hawk-eagle. Two species of fishes, Copper Mahseer (Neolissochilus hexagonolepis) and Common Carp are found in the lake.
References
Lakes of Bhutan
Wangdue Phodrang District
Important Bird Areas of Bhutan
Dicktown may refer to:
Dicktown, New York, a ghost town
Dicktown (TV series), an American adult animated sitcom
The Indian Air Force Museum, Palam, is the museum of the Indian Air Force, and is located at the Palam Air Force Station in Delhi, India.
The museum was the only one of its kind in India until the opening of the Naval Aviation Museum in Goa in 1998 and HAL Aerospace Museum in Bangalore in 2001. It showcases the history of the IAF. The museum is managed by AVM Vikram Singh, a second generation test pilot, historian, and author of war books.
Description
The Museum entrance features an indoor display gallery that contains historic photographs, memorabilia, uniforms and personal weapons of the Indian Air Force from its inception in 1932. The gallery leads to a hangar exhibiting small aircraft and Air Force inventory including anti-aircraft guns, vehicles and ordnance. Larger aircraft are exhibited outside the hangar. The outdoor gallery contains aircraft as well as several war trophies, radar equipment and captured enemy vehicles.
The Vintage Aircraft Flight services some rare aircraft and maintains them in an airworthy condition. These aircraft are not normally accessible by the general public. Large transport aircraft are stored on the apron of the airbase due to lack of space. These aircraft are displayed only on the annual Air Force Day, October 8. The museum has a small souvenir shop.
Aircraft on display
Hangar
Westland Lysander P-9160
Westland Wapiti K-813
Percival Prentice IV-3381
Hawker Hunter A-476 in Thunderbolts colour scheme
Hawker Hurricane II B AB-832
Hawker Tempest II HA-623
Yokosuka MXY-7 Okha I-13
Supermarine Spitfire XVIII HS-986
Dassault Mystere IVa IA-1329
Dassault Ouragan IC-554
De Havilland Vampire NF10 ID-606
HAL Gnat II E-2015
Sukhoi Su-7 BMK B-888
MiG-21 FL C-992, C-2216
HAL Krishak HAOP-27
HAL HF-24 Marut D-1205
PZL TS-11 Iskra W-1757, W-1758
F-86 Sabre 606 in Pakistani colour scheme
Outdoor Gallery
BAE Canberra B(I)58 IF-907
Consolidated B-24 Liberator J HE-924
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar IK-450
Sikorsky S55C IZ-1590
Mil Mi-4 BZ-900
MiG-23MF SK434
MiG-25R KP-355
Vintage Aircraft Flight
De Havilland DH-82 Tiger Moth HU-512
De Havilland Vampire FB52 IB-799
Supermarine Spitfire VIII NH-631
HAL Gnat II E-265
HAL HT-2 IX-737
North American Harvard HT-291
Douglas C-47 IJ-302
HAL HT-2 IX-732
Transport Aircraft Section
Antonov An-12 BL-727
De Havilland DHC-4 Caribou BM-774
Douglas C-47 IJ-817
Ilyushin Il-14 IL-860
Tupolev Tu-124 V-644
See also
Indira Gandhi International Airport
List of aerospace museums
Naval Aviation Museum (India)
References
External links
Air Force Museum, webpage at Indian Air Force
Air force museums
Indian Air Force
Museums in Delhi
Military and war museums in India
Aerospace museums in India
Year of establishment missing
In five-dimensional geometry, a truncated 5-cube is a convex uniform 5-polytope, being a truncation of the regular 5-cube.
There are four unique truncations of the 5-cube. Vertices of the truncated 5-cube are located as pairs on the edge of the 5-cube. Vertices of the bitruncated 5-cube are located on the square faces of the 5-cube. The third and fourth truncations are more easily constructed as second and first truncations of the 5-orthoplex.
Truncated 5-cube
Alternate names
Truncated penteract (Acronym: tan) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction and coordinates
The truncated 5-cube may be constructed by truncating the vertices of the 5-cube at of the edge length. A regular 5-cell is formed at each truncated vertex.
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a truncated 5-cube having edge length 2 are all permutations of:
Images
The truncated 5-cube is constructed by a truncation applied to the 5-cube. All edges are shortened, and two new vertices are added on each original edge.
Related polytopes
The truncated 5-cube, is fourth in a sequence of truncated hypercubes:
Bitruncated 5-cube
Alternate names
Bitruncated penteract (Acronym: bittin) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction and coordinates
The bitruncated 5-cube may be constructed by bitruncating the vertices of the 5-cube at of the edge length.
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a bitruncated 5-cube having edge length 2 are all permutations of:
Images
Related polytopes
The bitruncated 5-cube is third in a sequence of bitruncated hypercubes:
Related polytopes
This polytope is one of 31 uniform 5-polytope generated from the regular 5-cube or 5-orthoplex.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
o3o3o3x4x - tan, o3o3x3x4o - bittin
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
5-polytopes
Awangku Yura Indera Putera bin Pengiran Yunos (born 25 March 1996) is a Bruneian footballer who plays for DPMM FC and the Bruneian national team as a defender or midfielder.
Club career
Yura is a graduate of local grassroots football development scheme Projek Ikan Pusu (PIP) that has won many youth tournaments since its creation in 2001. He had a stint in the Bruneian leagues in 2012, lacing up for BIBD SRC in the Brunei National Football League, the precursor to the first season of the Brunei Super League.
Yura joined Majra FC for the 2014 season. His Majra career ended just 9 matches into the season after his club abruptly pulled out of the ongoing league.
Yura was selected to join Brunei's sole professional club DPMM FC at the start of 2015, alongside Khairul Anwar Abdul Rahim, Reduan Petara and Aminuddin Zakwan Tahir. He made 9 appearances for DPMM in the 2015 S.League, mostly as a substitute. From the beginning of the 2016 season, Yura was converted into a central defender by Steve Kean partly due to the departure of Boris Raspudić and also to give him more playing time.
Yura scored his first goal for DPMM on 5 August 2016 at home against Albirex Niigata (S), a last-minute winner against the expatriate Japanese side.
After three fruitful seasons under Kean, new Brazilian coach Renê Weber preferred to play a returning Abdul Aziz Tamit instead, restricting Yura to just eight appearances in the 2018 season. Nevertheless, under Adrian Pennock the following year, Yura managed to regain his starting place alongside Charlie Clough and Nurikhwan Othman in a back three formation. DPMM would then record the joint best defensive record of the league, emerging as champions by the time the league ended in September.
International career
Yura regularly appeared for Brunei at under-19, under-21 and under-23 levels even before his senior international debut in 2014. His first international tournament was the September 2013 AFF U-19 Youth Championship held in Indonesia where he started all of Brunei U19's five matches. Two months later, he joined the SEA Games contingent of Brunei for its 27th edition in Myanmar. He started the second and third games against Malaysia and Singapore respectively as Brunei U23 lost all their games in the football tournament.
Yura's next tournament was the 2014 AFC U-19 Championship qualification with the under-19s. Brunei placed bottom with three losses in their qualifying group that included North Korea, Thailand and Singapore. He was in the 2014 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy squad for the defense of the Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy which Brunei U21 won in 2012 and played three games out of five.
Yura was selected for the Skuad Tabuan to compete in the 2014 AFF Suzuki Cup qualifying matches held in Laos in October 2014. With the team composed largely of Brunei DPMM FC players and led by its head coach Steve Kean, his future club coach started Yura for the crucial game against Myanmar in which they fell to a score of 1–3. Yura kept his place for the final game against Cambodia, losing 0–1.
Yura was back with the U23s in 2015 for the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship qualification held in March of that year and also the 28th SEA Games in Singapore. He played 6 games in total, losing in every game.
Yura played for the national team at the 2016 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification matches held in Cambodia in October 2016, playing at centre-back to cover for Reduan Petara who was ruled out with injury. He was sent off in the 88th minute for a professional foul on Tith Dina in the second fixture, a 0–3 loss against hosts Cambodia.
Yura was called back to the under-21 side for the 2018 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy held in April and May, as an overage player as he was a few months over the age limit. Playing in central defence for the tournament, he scored a last-minute winner against Thailand in the second match.
Yura was one of 13 DPMM FC players to link up with the Brunei national team in early September 2018 for the AFF Suzuki Cup qualification matches of that year, against Timor-Leste. He was deployed by Kwon Oh-son in central midfield in the first leg which finished 3–1 to Timor-Leste. A reshuffling of tactics in the second leg saw Yura put on a commanding display at centre-back and resulted in a 1–0 shutout in favour of Brunei. Nevertheless, Brunei failed to advance to the Suzuki Cup group stage with a 2–3 aggregate loss.
Yura accepted a callup to the national team to face Mongolia home and away at the 2022 World Cup qualification held in June 2019. He was played in central midfield since several of his teammates pulled out of the Brunei selection. Brunei lost the first leg 2–0 away from Bandar Seri Begawan and managed to win 2-1 for the return leg, but nevertheless another repeat aggregate defeat sent the Wasps out of both the 2022 World Cup and the 2023 Asian Cup.
In September 2022, Yura returned to the national team and started both fixtures in a friendly tournament with the Maldives and Laos, recording one win and one loss for the Wasps.
Honours
DPMM FC
S.League: 2015
Singapore Premier League: 2019
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Bruneian footballers
Brunei international footballers
DPMM FC players
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Brunei
Gennady Bessonov may refer to:
Gennady Bessonov (athlete) (born 1944), Russian Olympic triple jumper
Gennady Bessonov (weightlifter) (born 1954), Russian weightlifter
The falling cat problem is a problem that consists of explaining the underlying physics behind the observation of the cat righting reflex.
Although amusing and trivial to pose, the solution of the problem is not as straightforward as its statement would suggest. The apparent contradiction with the law of conservation of angular momentum is resolved because the cat is not a rigid body, but instead is permitted to change its shape during the fall owing to the cat's flexible backbone and non-functional collar-bone. The behavior of the cat is thus typical of the mechanics of deformable bodies.
Several explanations have been proposed for this phenomenon since the late 19th century:
Cats rely on conservation of angular momentum.
The rotation angle of the front body is larger than that of the rear body.
The dynamics of the falling cat have been explained using the Udwadia–Kalaba equation.
History
The falling cat problem has elicited interest from scientists including George Gabriel Stokes, James Clerk Maxwell, and Étienne-Jules Marey. In a letter to his wife, Katherine Mary Clerk Maxwell, Maxwell wrote, "There is a tradition in Trinity that when I was here I discovered a method of throwing a cat so as not to light on its feet, and that I used to throw cats out of windows. I had to explain that the proper object of research was to find how quick the cat would turn round, and that the proper method was to let the cat drop on a table or bed from about two inches, and that even then the cat lights on her feet."
Whereas the cat-falling problem was regarded as a mere curiosity by Maxwell, Stokes, and others, a more rigorous study of the problem was conducted by Étienne-Jules Marey who applied chronophotography to capture the cat's descent on film using a chronophotographic gun. The gun, capable of capturing 12 frames per second, produced images from which Marey deduced that, as the cat had no rotational motion at the start of its descent, the cat was not "cheating" by using the cat handler's hand as a fulcrum. This in itself posed a problem as it implied that it was possible for a body in free fall to acquire angular momentum. Marey also showed that air resistance played no role in facilitating the righting of the cat's body.
His investigations were subsequently published in Comptes Rendus, and a summary of his findings were published in the journal Nature. The article's summary in Nature appeared thus:
Despite the publication of the images, many physicists at the time maintained that the cat was still "cheating" by using the handler's hand from its starting position to right itself, as the cat's motion would otherwise seem to imply a rigid body acquiring angular momentum.
Solution
The solution of the problem, originally due to , models the cat as a pair of cylinders (the front and back halves of the cat) capable of changing their relative orientations. later described the Kane–Scher model in terms of a connection in the configuration space that encapsulates the relative motions of the two parts of the cat permitted by the physics. Framed in this way, the dynamics of the falling cat problem is a prototypical example of a nonholonomic system, the study of which is among the central preoccupations of control theory. A solution of the falling cat problem is a curve in the configuration space that is horizontal with respect to the connection (that is, it is admissible by the physics) with prescribed initial and final configurations. Finding an optimal solution is an example of optimal motion planning.
In the language of physics, Montgomery's connection is a certain Yang–Mills field on the configuration space, and is a special case of a more general approach to the dynamics of deformable bodies as represented by gauge fields, following the work of .
See also
Momentum wheel
Parallel parking problem
References
Works cited
.
.
.
.
.
.
Further reading
Lagrangian Reduction and the Falling Cat Theorem
Biophysics
Cat behavior
Classical mechanics
Control theory
Rotation
Ross Langdon (born 11 March 1951) is an Australian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Australian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Australia
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bethungra is a locality in Junee Shire in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia situated on the Olympic Highway about 13 kilometres northeast of Illabo and 24 kilometres southwest of Cootamundra.
History
Bethungra Post Office opened on 1 December 1875.
Just to the north of the town lies the Bethungra Spiral, a rail spiral built on the Main South railway line to ease the gradients when the line was duplicated between 1941 and 1946. A railway station was located in the town between 1878 and the 1980s, and has now been demolished.
In 1885, an accident occurred near Bethungra when a train derailed at a washed away culvert, killing five persons.
Heritage listings
Bethungra has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Main Southern railway: Bethungra Spiral
Gallery
References
External links
Towns in New South Wales
Junee Shire
Main Southern railway line, New South Wales
Llanwenarth Ultra is an electoral ward near Abergavenny, Monmouthshire. The ward elects councillors to Llanfoist Fawr Community Council and Monmouthshire County Council.
History and description
The ward (previously a civil parish) is based around the main population centre of Govilon, a large village between Gilwern (to the west) and Llanfoist (to the east).
Llanwenarth Ultra was originally a civil parish, formed from 2,433 acres of the civil parish of Llanwenarth Citra in 1874. At the end of the 19th century Govilon had a population of 500 and its own railway station on the Abergavenny and Merthyr branch of the London and North Western Railway. Llanwenarth Ultra has been part of the Llanfoist Fawr community since the 1970s.
According to the 2001 UK Census the population of the Llanwenarth Ultra ward was 1,354, increasing to 1,447 by the 2011 UK Census.
Community Council elections
Being part of the community of Llanfoist Fawr, Llanwenarth Ultra is a community ward electing or co-opting up to six of the twelve community councillors to Llanfoist Fawr Community Council. Prior to the May 2017 elections only two nominations were received, leading to four seats remaining vacant.
County Council elections
The Llanwenarth Ultra ward has elected one county councillor to Monmouthshire County Council since 1995. Prior to 1995 Llanwenarth Ultra was part of the Llanover ward for elections to Gwent County Council.
Since the first elections to Monmouthshire County Council in 1995 the ward has been represented by the Labour Party.
References
Monmouthshire electoral wards
Former civil parishes of Wales
Kelly van Zon (born 15 September 1987 in Oosterhout, Netherlands) is a Dutch table tennis player competing in both disabled and able-bodied competitions. She currently plays for Dutch club TTV SKF in Veenendaal. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, in Women's individual class 7, winning a gold medal, and in Women's team class 6–8, winning a silver medal.
General Interest
Van Zon began playing table tennis at the age of nine at TTV BSM Dongen. She made her international debut at the 2002 Malmö Open in Sweden. Due to a functional disability of her left hip and leg she competes in Class 7 competitions. Besides competing at a top level in table tennis, she studies Marketing and Communication at Johan Cruijff College in Nijmegen, which allows her to successfully combine sport and studies. Van Zon's old club in Dongen named their practice hall after her, the Kelly Van Zon Sportszaal.
By winning the title at the 2011 European Championships in Split, Croatia, she qualified directly for the London 2012 Paralympics. On this Paralympic Games, she won gold by defeating the Russian Yulia Ovsyannikova. In 2016, she prolonged her Paralympic title by winning the final and defeating the Turkish Kubra Korkut.
Van Zon was strongly tipped for the delayed 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Career records
Paralympic Games
2008 Beijing, China: Women's Singles Class 6/7
2012 London, England: Women's Singles Class 7
2016 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: Women's Singles Class 7
2020 Tokyo, Japan: Women's Singles Class 7
2020 Tokyo, Japan: Women's Team Class 6-8
World Championships
2006 Montreux, Switzerland: Women's Singles Class 6/7
2010 Gwangju, Korea: Women's Singles Class 7
European Championships
2005 Liso di Jeolo, Italy: Women's Singles Class 6/7
2007 Kranjska Gora, Slovenia: Women's Singles Class 6/7
2009 European Championships, Genoa: Women's Singles Class 6/7
2009 Genoa, Italy: Women's Team Class 6–8
2011 European Championships, Split: Women's Singles Class 7
2011 Split, Croatia: Women's Team Class 6/7
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120425162735/http://www.kellyvanzon.nl/
1987 births
Dutch female table tennis players
Table tennis players at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Table tennis players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic table tennis players of the Netherlands
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in table tennis
Paralympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Paralympic silver medalists for the Netherlands
Paralympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
People from Dongen
People from Oosterhout
Sportspeople from North Brabant
Living people
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Charles "C.C." Chapman is an American author, marketing consultant, and frequent speaker about content marketing.
He is a former manager of PodShow's Podsafe Music Network, and was a prominent figure in the community of podcasting and podsafe music. After serving as the VP of New Marketing for crayon, Chapman co-founded his own company, The Advance Guard, a marketing company which focused on utilizing social media and other emerging technologies. It was acquired by Campfire in August 2009. Since then, Chapman has been an independent consultant, frequent event speaker, and authored two books: Content Rules, written with Ann Handley, and Amazing Things Will Happen.
Currently he is a visiting instructor of Business and Management at Wheaton College and the Program & Partnership Director for Wheaton Innovates with MassChallenge.
He's a member of the Aspen Institutes National Commission on Social, Emotional, and Academic Development: Parent Advisory Panel, on the board of The Hockey Foundation, part of the No Kid Hungry Social Council.
Background
In 1996, just before graduating from Bentley University, Chapman co-founded an independent film production company, Random Foo Pictures, with good friend Dan Gorgone. Chapman acted in, produced and directed a number of short films, including Inquisition. However, it was his experience marketing the group's projects that led to his first experiences with online promotion, networking, and sharing media online.
Chapman has always tried to stay ahead of the curve by utilizing the newest web technologies. He started his first blog in July 2001, his first podcast in December 2004, and opened a music cafe in the virtual world of Second Life in November 2006.
Podcasting
From his home studio in the Boston area, Chapman began hosting the independent music-focused podcast Accident Hash in 2005 and the new media podcast Managing the Gray in 2006. During the summer of 2005, Hash was one of the first podcasts to be included in the iTunes Podcast directory and it became a featured podcast on PodShow. Accident Hash was later voted Best Podsafe Music Podcast at the 2006 Podcast Awards.
Chapman also became a popular guest and occasional guest host on many other podcasts across the world discussing topics ranging from podsafe music to new marketing. Included in his many appearances are stints guest hosting Adam Curry's Podshow on the Sirius Stars channel and as a panelist on The BeanCast Marketing Podcast.
Awards
Publications
Content Rules: How to Create Killer Blogs, Podcasts, Videos, Ebooks, Webinars (and More) That Engage Customers and Ignite Your Business by Ann Handley and C.C. Chapman
Amazing Things Will Happen: A Real-World Guide on Achieving Success and Happiness by C.C. Chapman
Personal life
C.C. Chapman was born and raised in New Hampshire and currently lives in Massachusetts. He is married with two children and a graduate of Bentley University.
Notes
External links
C.C. Chapman's official blog
C.C. Chapman on The BeanCast Marketing Podcast
C.C. Chapman discusses his co-authored book Content Rules on the Copyright Clearance Center podcast
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male bloggers
American bloggers
Bentley University alumni
Writers from Boston
Writers from New Hampshire
American podcasters
American men podcasters
Wheaton College (Massachusetts) faculty
Brome is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Ohre, approx. 25 km northeast of Wolfsburg.
The municipality consists of the following villages:
Altendorf
Benitz
Brome
Wiswedel
Zicherie
Brome is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde Brome ("collective municipality").
References
Gifhorn (district)
Sawah Besar Station (formerly Sawah Besaar Station) is a railway station, located on Jl. Kyai Haji Samanhudi. Altitude this station is 15 meters amsl, this station is one of seven elevated stations on Jakarta railway's Jakarta Kota–Manggarai segment, and is named after the Jakarta subdistrict with the same name. Pasar Baru market is within walking distance from this station.
History
On 5 June 1992, President Suharto along with Mrs. Tien and staff in the government inaugurated the elevated track by riding the train from to station. The building of Sawah Besar Station is modern with touches of pink and white panels, which to this day are still preserved and have not been repainted. It is known, the project which was started in February 1988 spent a billion rupiah and when it was inaugurated it was not completely finished until finally it could be fully operational a year later.
Services
The following is a list of train services at the Sawah Besar Station.
Passenger services
KAI Commuter
Bogor Line, to and
Bogor Line (Nambo branch), to and
References
External links
central Jakarta
Railway stations in Jakarta
railway stations opened in 1873
Critical Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles which examine how disciplines represented by cultural and media studies think about themselves in terms of critical dialogues generated within the South-North relationship, with special reference to Africa. It was established in 1980 and is published by Routledge and UNISA Press.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
External links
Taylor & Francis academic journals
English-language journals
Cultural journals
Publications established in 1980
5 times per year journals
Lürzer's Archive (also known as Luerzer's Archive) is a bi-monthly magazine for the advertising industry which features advertising campaigns for print and TV from around the world. The magazine was founded in 1984 and has a global circulation of 38,000, and has been described as "one of the foremost advertising magazines in the world." The headquarters of the magazine is in Vienna.
In an interview with editor-in-chief Michael Weinzettl, Romanian magazine Sapte Seri said, "Whether you enter the offices of a big advertising agency or a small creative boutique, invariably you will see somewhere on the white shelves a collection of Lürzer's Archive. You don't find these magazines in press kiosks, but those who work in advertising know them by heart. They are their tools for inspiration and small 'innocent thefts'".
Since 1998 the magazine has also published Lürzer's Archive Specials; volumes on photography, Illustration, packaging, product/music design and other creative fields. In 2011 they began to publish the 200 Best series, along with apps for iPhone and iPad.
The magazine was founded by Walter Lürzer, a cofounder of advertising agencies Ogilvy & Mather, TBWA Frankfurt and Lürzer, Conrad, Publicis, MullenLowe, Havas, McCann and Saatchi & Saatchi which in 1980 merged with Leo Burnett. At first based in Frankfurt, Germany, in 2002 the magazine's head office relocated to Salzburg, Austria and then to Vienna, Austria, in 2008. Michael Weinzettl, who was appointed editor-in-chief in the 1980s, became publisher after Lürzer's death in April 2011.
In 1997 a Chinese version began to be published and in 2004 African distribution commenced in Nigeria and was later extended to cover the whole of Africa. In 2005 expansion into Eastern Europe began in Romania.
In 2005 the first annual Lürzer´s Archive students contest was staged for the first time and from February 2011 it began to feature digital campaigns.
References
External links
1984 establishments in Austria
Bi-monthly magazines
Magazines about advertising
Magazines established in 1984
Magazines published in Vienna
Professional and trade magazines
Conor Corbett (born 2002) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Cork SAFC club Clyda Rovers and at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team. He usually lines out as a forward.
Career
Corbett played Gaelic football at school level with the Patrician Academy in Mallow. He won several titles with the school throughout 2019 and 2020, including the Simcox Cup. Corbett also lined out at juvenile and underage levels with the Clyda Rovers club before making his senior team debut in 2020. He first lined out at inter-county level as captain of the Cork minor football team that beat Galway in the 2019 All-Ireland minor final. Corbett was subsequently named Minor Footballer of the Year. He was included on the Cork under-20 football team in 2020 and 2021, however, his progress onto the senior team was stalled after suffering a cruciate ligament injury. Corbett was included on the senior team's training panel in 2022.
Honours
Patrician Adacemy
Simcox Cup: 2019
Munster Colleges Senior B Football Championship: 2020
Cork
Munster Under-20 Football Championship: 2021
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship: 2019 (c)
References
2002 births
Living people
Clyda Rovers Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Sportspeople from Cork (city)
The Coupe de France 1976–77 was its 60th edition. It was won by AS Saint-Étienne which defeated Stade de Reims in the Final.
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
First round
Second round
Final
References
French federation
1976–77 domestic association football cups
1976–77 in French football
1976-77
Obukhov (masculine) or Obukhova (feminine) may refer to:
Obukhov (surname) (or Obukhova), Russian last name
Obukhov Defense, a labour revolt in 1901
Obukhov (inhabited locality) (or Obukhova), several rural localities in Russia
9914 Obukhova, a main belt asteroid
See also
Obukhiv, a city in Ukraine
Obukhovo, several rural localities in Russia
Obukhovsky (disambiguation)
A burlak () was a towpath puller in Russian Empire.
Overview
The exact origin of the word is unknown. Different versions include old middle-German bûrlach (working team with fixed rules, artel), or Tatar bujdak, 'homeless'.
Burlaks appeared in Russia at the end of 16th century and beginning of the 17th century. With the expansion of freight-hauling, the number of burlaks increased.
The chief of a burlak gang was called Vodoliv (), the next in line was the Dyadya (, captain), followed by the Shishka (, first in the line of haulers), while the last in line was called Kosny (, last in the line of haulers).
There were seasonal burlaks, who worked from spring to autumn, and temporary burlaks, who worked occasionally. Burlaks did not work in winter, when most Russian rivers were frozen over.
The main areas of the burlaks' trade in the Russian Empire were the Volga river, from Moscow to Astrakhan, the White Sea route (Belomor'e), from Moscow to Arkhangelsk, and the Dnieper river, in Ukraine.
Most burlaks were landless or poor peasants from Simbirsk, Saratov, Samara, Yaroslavl, Kostroma, Vladimir, Ryazan, Tambov and Penza areas.
Burlaks joined up in an artel (typically from four to six, sometimes ten to forty, and occasionally up 150 people) mainly in winter, despite that at this time clients paid the lowest price, because in winter burlaks were often otherwise unemployed. The final payments were in autumn, after finishing work.
With the coming of the industrial revolution, the number of burlaks declined: at the beginning of the nineteenth century about 600,000 burlaks worked on the Volga and Oka rivers; in the middle of nineteenth century, 150,000, and by the beginning of the twentieth burlaks had all but disappeared.
The burlak was a subject of Russian songs (, famously performed by Feodor Chaliapin, The Volga Boatmen's Song etc.), and artwork (Burlaks on the Volga by Ilya Yefimovich Repin).
See also
Towpath
External links
Vladimir Gilyarovsky, "My Travels (Мои скитания)" This book contains a chapter on his Volga boat-puller experience in 1871.
The Volga river's boatmen or The enchanted wanderers of river "Ra", a photogallery
Russian Empire
Obsolete occupations
Maritime history of Russia
Bury the Chains: Prophets and Rebels in the Fight to Free an Empire's Slaves is a non-fiction book by Adam Hochschild that was first published by Houghton Mifflin on January 7, 2005. The book is a narrative history of the late 18th- and early 19th-century anti-slavery movement in the British Empire. The story centers around a group of British abolitionist campaigners and traces their campaign from its beginnings with Somerset v Stewart in 1772 until full emancipation for all British slaves was legally granted in 1838. The book looks at the setbacks the abolitionists faced as well as the campaign tactics they used, and explains how they were ultimately able to end the practice of slavery in Britain.
The book came about from Hochschild's initial idea to write a biography on John Newton, a slave trader turned abolitionist. Further research into Newton's life drew Hochschild into the abolitionist movement as a whole instead and introduced him to English abolitionist Thomas Clarkson. Clarkson, whose often overlooked contributions Hochschild wanted to highlight, serves as the book's central figure.
Bury the Chains was generally well-received by critics. Its narrative was praised for being compelling and uplifting, while a few reviewers felt it lacked depth and that Hochschild's political leanings clouded his writing. The book won several literary awards, including the 2005 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for History and the 2006 Lionel Gelber Prize. According to The New Republic, the book has inspired modern-day climate change activists who see parallels between the antislavery and climate change campaigns.
Background and development
Adam Hochschild is an American author and co-founder of the progressive American magazine Mother Jones. Much of his writing focuses on historical social injustices and the individuals who campaigned to end them. Hochschild said of the overarching theme in his work: "To me there's nothing more interesting than trying to evoke moments when men and women risked their lives to battle horrendous injustice [...] It's hard for me to imagine spending four or five years working on a book if there isn't some pressing moral issue at the core of the story." A popular historian, Hochschild has stated that his intention is not to provide new analyses of historical events with his books, but rather "to bring a period of time alive by focusing on 10 or 12 people who lived through it, and whose lives intersected in some way." Hochschild's other books include the acclaimed King Leopold's Ghost, an account of the colonial atrocities committed in the Belgian Congo; The Unquiet Ghost: Russians Remember Stalin, an account of the effects of Joseph Stalin's dictatorship on contemporary Russians; and Spain in Our Hearts, an account of the American volunteers who participated in the Spanish Civil War.
Bury the Chains came about from Hochschild's initial idea to write a biography on John Newton, known for writing the hymn "Amazing Grace". Newton's personal transformation from a slave trader to an abolitionist had long intrigued him. However, a few months into researching Newton's life, Hochschild came to the realization that "the story was the movement and not Newton." His research into Newton's life also introduced Hochschild to abolitionist campaigner Thomas Clarkson, who became the central figure in Bury the Chains. Hochschild observed that Clarkson's contributions to the abolitionist campaign was often overlooked in favor of William Wilberforce's. According to him, Clarkson was "by far the more interesting figure" who "really got shortchanged by history," and Hochschild wanted to correct this. Hochschild was also drawn to write about the British antislavery movement upon learning that many of the methods used by modern-day advocacy groups were pioneered by the British abolitionists, including boycotts, political book tours, direct mail fundraising, newsletters, petitions, campaign posters and buttons, and the concept of setting up national organizations with local branches around the country.
Having known little about the subject when he started working on this book, it took Hochschild four years of research and writing to complete it. He conducted a lot of his research for the book in libraries, particularly the University of California, Berkeley Libraries and the Stanford University Libraries. Hochschild's research also took him to England and western Jamaica to visit places where events in the book occurred. In England, he visited 2 George Yard in London, the address of the bookstore where the abolitionists held their meetings, now the location of a modern skyscraper. In Jamaica, Hochschild visited the area where the slave rebellions took place so as to search for the remains of old sugar plantations.
Title
The book's title came from a story of a group of slaves in the town of Falmouth, Jamaica, who immediately following the emancipation of slaves in the British Empire on August 1, 1838, placed their slave whip and chains in a coffin and buried the coffin in a Baptist churchyard.
Content
Bury the Chains is a narrative history of the antislavery movement in the United Kingdom. It follows a group of British abolitionist activists and chronicles their successful campaign to end slavery in the British Empire. The group includes Granville Sharp, an unconventional civil libertarian; Thomas Clarkson, a University of Cambridge graduate who dedicated his life to the antislavery campaign; John Newton, a former slave ship captain turned Evangelical preacher; William Wilberforce, an English politician and close friend of British Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger; and Olaudah Equiano, a former slave who bought his freedom and became an abolitionist writer.
The book starts out with an overview of slavery and the slave trade in 18th-century Britain. Hochschild then details the start of the antislavery campaign in England, from Granville Sharp's advocacy of African slave James Somerset in Somerset v Stewart in 1772 to the establishment of Granville Town, Province of Freedom in 1787. After that, English abolitionist Thomas Clarkson serves as the book's central figure. Hochschild recounts how as a student at the University of Cambridge, Clarkson became so appalled by the slave trade while researching the topic for his prize-winning antislavery essay that he dedicated the rest of his life to the antislavery movement. Clarkson later found allies for his cause in the Quakers, one of whom, bookstore and printing shop owner James Phillips, agreed to publish his antislavery essay. The Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade was thus formed in May 1787 with both Clarkson and Sharp as founding members, holding meetings in Phillips's bookstore.
Hochschild covers "the bleak decade" from 1792 to 1802, when the needs of the French Revolutionary Wars and the Haitian Revolution initially set the antislavery campaign back. Even then, the campaign continued to gain ground thanks to an effective boycott of slave-produced sugar, and the advocacy of men such as army officer George Pinckard and painter William Blake. Hochschild acknowledges the crucial role of women's societies and women activists such as Elizabeth Heyrick. These societies circulated antislavery publications and petitions, raised funds for the campaign, spoke out against slavery at public meetings, and led the sugar boycott, refusing to patronize bakers and shopkeepers who used and sold slave-produced sugar.
Hochschild explains how the Abolition of the Slave Trade Act 1807 came about not just through activism alone, but also as a result of national rhetoric and economic warfare against France who had renewed slavery under Napoleon. Hochschild explains that the Slavery Abolition Act 1833, which banned slavery in Britain and its colonies, only became possible thanks to the Reform Act 1832 which saw many long-held seats in the House of Commons replaced. Hochschild notes that the Abolition Act upset many abolitionists as it provided compensation for slave-owners. The Abolition Act took legal effect on August 1, 1838, granting full emancipation for all British slaves.
Reception
Critical response
Bury the Chains received many positive reviews for its compelling and witty narrative, which according to The Daily Telegraphs Max Hastings, "never fails to hold the reader's attention." While most reviewers enjoyed Hochschild's "vivid" writing, the Chicago Reader called it "ingratiating" and the Journal of Social History felt it sometimes "descends into silliness".
Hochschild does not gloss over the brutalities of slavery which can make the book difficult to read. Despite its dark subject matter, some reviewers commended Hochschild's account for being an ultimately "inspiring" one, focused on the courage of the abolitionists and celebrating their achievements. On the other hand, the Chicago Reader observed that in its attempt to be "uplifting", the book intentionally glosses over some of the less appealing implications of the abolitionist campaign. Publishers Weekly disagreed, giving Hochschild credit for highlighting the abolitionists' own shortcomings and mistakes.
Among the few lukewarm reviews, the Chicago Reader was critical of what they perceived to be Hochschild's liberal beliefs clouding his objectivity as well as his dismissive attitude towards Christianity, particularly toward John Newton, who continued to captain slave ships after his conversion to Christianity. Academic journals were also not as receptive to the book. Reviewers in the Journal of Social History and the Journal of British Studies felt that Hochschild's anecdotal approach limits the book's ability to explain issues with greater depth. While the former still considered the book "a brilliant distillation of the most recent generation of scholarly research," the latter felt that even as a work of popular history, Bury the Chains could have been "more nuanced and sophisticated".
Reviewers agreed that Hochschild's intent in writing Bury the Chains was to use the successful British abolitionist movement to inspire contemporary activists and provide them with a model from which to emulate. The New York Times'''s Marilynne Robinson felt his intent was an "honorable one", while NPR's Maureen Corrigan selected the book as one of her favorites of 2005 and commended it for advancing the work of the abolitionists in "lifting our moral blindness."
AccoladesBury the Chains won the 2005 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for History, the Gold Medal for Nonfiction at the 2005 California Book Awards, the 2006 PEN Center USA Literary Award in the Research Nonfiction category, and the 2006 Lionel Gelber Prize. The book was also a finalist for the 2005 National Book Award for Nonfiction and long-listed for the 2005 Samuel Johnson Prize (now the Baillie Gifford Prize).
Climate change activists
According to The New Republic, the book has inspired modern-day climate change activists who see historical analogies between the antislavery and climate change movements. Andrew Hoffman, a scholar of environmental issues, asserted that the climate change campaign requires a drastic and collective change in the public's beliefs to be successful, similar to the challenge and moral dilemma faced by the abolitionists as described in Hochschild's account. A reviewer for the journal Climatic Change wrote that Hochschild's book can give "perspective and inspiration for today's activist."
Hochschild has been very pleased by the interest Bury the Chains'' has received from environmental groups, noting that it is crucial for contemporary activists to learn about past movements that were successful. He suggests that the main lessons climate change activists can learn from the British abolitionists are the importance of building coalitions of people from diverse backgrounds and beliefs, and the need for effective campaign messaging.
Notes
References
External links
Official Houghton Mifflin Harcourt page
Official Pan Macmillan page
2005 non-fiction books
Abolitionism in the United Kingdom
American history books
Non-fiction books about slavery
Houghton Mifflin books
Macmillan Publishers books
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M55 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M55 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 55 but have not yet reached the age of 60, so exactly from their 55th birthday to the day before their 60th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Yuanfeng was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Yuanfeng (元封, 110BC–105BC), an era name used by Emperor Wu of Han
Yuanfeng (元鳳, 80BC–75BC), an era name used by Emperor Zhao of Han
Yuanfeng (元豐, 1078–1085), an era name used by Emperor Shenzong of Song
Alessandro Cesarini, iuniore (1592 – 25 January 1644) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Cardinal-Deacon of Sant'Eustachio (1638–1644), Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin (1637–1638), Bishop of Viterbo e Tuscania (1636–1638), Cardinal-Deacon of Santi Cosma e Damiano (1632–1637), and Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria in Domnica (1627–1632).
Biography
Alessandro Cesarini was born in Rome, Italy in 1592, the son of Giuliano Cesarini, marquis of Civitanova e Montecorato, and Livia Orsini. His family produced a number of cardinals including his great-grand uncle Cardinal Alessandro Cesarini, seniore (installed 1517); Giuliano Cesarini, seniore (installed 1426); and Giuliano Cesarini, iuniore (installed 1493). He attended the University of Parma and then obtained a doctorate in Rome. He served as papal prelate, Cleric of the Apostolic Chamber, and as the Governor of the conclave of 1623, in which Pope Urban VIII was elected.
On 30 August 1627 he was created as cardinal deacon in the consistory of 30 August 1627 by Pope Urban VIII and installed on 6 October 1627 as Cardinal-Deacon of Santi Cosma e Damiano. On 6 September 1632 he was appointed Cardinal-Deacon of Santi Cosma e Damiano by Pope Urban VIII. On 14 May 1636 he was elected during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Viterbo e Tuscania. On 25 May 1636 he was consecrated bishop at the Quirinale Palace in Rome by Antonio Marcello Barberini, seniore, with Fabrizio Suardi, Bishop of Lucera, and Benedetto Landi, Bishop of Fossombrone, serving as co-consecrators. On 9 February 1637 he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin. On 28 July 1638 he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Cardinal-Deacon of Sant'Eustachio. On 13 September 1638 he resigned as Bishop of Viterbo e Tuscania. He died on 25 January 1644 in Rome. He was buried in the tomb of his family in the church of Santi Maria in Aracoeli in Rome.
Episcopal succession
References
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
Cardinals created by Pope Urban VIII
1592 births
1644 deaths
Clergy from Rome
The 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season saw the Alabama Crimson Tide bring home a national title with a perfect 12–0 season. The title was Alabama's 11th claimed, and their 6th Associated Press awarded title.
This was an extremely dominant Alabama team, only giving up 67 points the entire season and shutting out five opponents. The team won a tight game against LSU 3–0 and beat Auburn by a touchdown before beating Arkansas 24–9 in the Sugar Bowl.
There was very little movement at the top of the rankings throughout the season, as only three different teams held the top spot in the AP poll and only two in the UPI poll. USC was the pre-season top-ranked team, and held the number one ranking until a 21–21 tie with Stanford, a game USC led at halftime 21–0. A fumbled hold on the snap from center cost the Trojans a chance at a last-second field goal. Stanford was led by quarterback Turk Schonert, while freshman John Elway served as his backup. USC ended up finishing second in the country, but running back Charles White brought home the Heisman Trophy.
No. 2 Alabama then took over the top spot and never relinquished that position in the UPI poll. In the AP poll, however, Ohio State took over the top spot in the last regular season poll of the season. Ohio State had defeated No. 13 Michigan in Ann Arbor by a score of 18–15 to earn the Big Ten title. Two weeks later, Alabama defeated No. 14 Auburn 25–18 in Birmingham, but the AP voters saw fit to jump Ohio State ahead of them.
Thus, Ohio State came within one point of a national title under first-year coach Earle Bruce, who replaced coach Woody Hayes, falling to USC 17–16 in the Rose Bowl after an undefeated season.
Rule changes
Blocking below the waist is prohibited on fumble recoveries (before they touch the ground), interceptions of forward and backward passes, on wide receivers beyond five yards past the line of scrimmage, on kickers until they are five yards past the line of scrimmage, and by backs beyond three yards past the line of scrimmage.
Adding an automatic first down to defensive penalties for spearing, blows to the head or helmet, or kicking an opponent.
Fouls committed by the receiving team during punts and kickoffs after the ball crosses the line of scrimmage result in enforcement from the spot of the foul, not from the previous spot and a re-kick as was previously the case.
Eliminating offsetting penalties when a dead-ball foul is involved.
Conference and program changes
This season the total number of Division I-A teams grew by 1 to 139 with the addition of East Tennessee State as a member of the Southern Conference.
While Georgia Tech joined the ACC in non-football sports, the Yellow Jackets would not join ACC football until 1983.
September
The preseason AP Poll featured last year's respective Coaches' Poll and AP champions, USC and Alabama, at No. 1 and No. 2, followed by No. 3 Oklahoma, No. 4 Texas, and No. 5 Penn State.
September 8: No. 1 USC began the year on the road with a 21-7 victory over Texas Tech in Lubbock, while No. 2 Alabama traveled to Atlanta for a 30-6 win over Georgia Tech. The other teams in the top five had not yet started their seasons, but No. 6 Purdue moved up to No. 5 in the next poll with a 41-20 defeat of Wisconsin. The top four remained the same.
September 15: No. 1 USC obliterated Oregon State 42-5. No. 2 Alabama was idle. No. 3 Oklahoma opened their schedule with a 21-6 victory over Iowa. No. 4 Texas still had not started their season. In a bad day for Big Ten teams, No. 5 Purdue traveled to Los Angeles and lost 31-21 to UCLA, while No. 6 Michigan fell 12-10 to No. 9 Notre Dame on a blocked field goal attempt as time expired. Notre Dame rose to No. 5, with the top four remaining the same.
September 22: No. 1 USC beat Minnesota 48-14, No. 2 Alabama shut out Baylor 45-0, No. 3 Oklahoma defeated Tulsa 49-13, and No. 4 Texas finally began play with a 17-9 victory over Iowa State. No. 5 Notre Dame matched up against No. 17 Purdue, the team which they had just replaced in the top five, and lost 28-22 on a second-half comeback by the Boilermakers. No. 9 Missouri moved up to No. 5 with a 33-7 win at Mississippi. The top four again remained the same.
September 29: No. 1 USC visited No. 20 LSU and won 17-12. No. 2 Alabama opened conference play in dominant fashion with a 66-3 victory at Vanderbilt, while Oklahoma overpowered Rice 63-21. No. 4 Texas and No. 5 Missouri squared off in Columbia, and the Longhorns shut out the Tigers 21-0. For the fourth week in a row, the top four remained the same with a new team at No. 5. This time the newcomer was Nebraska, which moved up from No. 6 by defeating No. 18 Penn State 42-17.
October
October 6: All of the highly-ranked teams won easily. No. 1 USC won 50-21 over Washington State, No. 2 Alabama blanked Wichita State 38-0, No. 3 Oklahoma defeated Colorado 49-24, No. 4 Texas beat Rice 26-9, and No. 5 Nebraska shut out New Mexico State 57-0. The top five remained the same.
October 13: This week finally saw some movement at the top of the polls. No. 1 USC blew a 21-0 halftime lead to Stanford, and the game ended in a 21-21 tie. No. 2 Alabama took over the top spot with a 40-0 victory over Florida; the Crimson Tide had outscored their first five opponents 219-9. No. 3 Oklahoma and No. 4 Texas met in the annual Red River Shootout, and the Longhorns prevailed 16-7. The Sooners' other major rival, No. 5 Nebraska, shut out Kansas 42-0, while No. 7 Houston moved up with a 17-14 victory over Texas A&M. The next poll featured No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Texas, No. 3 Nebraska, No. 4 USC, and No. 5 Houston.
October 20: No. 1 Alabama finally allowed an opponent to reach double digits in points, but still beat No. 18 Tennessee 27-17. No. 2 Texas fell 17-14 to No. 10 Arkansas, the Razorbacks' first victory over the Longhorns in eight years. No. 3 Nebraska beat Oklahoma State 36-0 for their third consecutive shutout win. No. 4 USC got back on track with a 42-23 victory over No. 9 Notre Dame. No. 5 Houston defeated SMU 37-10, but still fell out of the top five. Ohio State had not been expected to be a major contender after the controversial firing of coach Woody Hayes, but the Buckeyes had risen to No. 6 in the polls under the direction of Earle Bruce, and a 59-0 win over Wisconsin brought them even higher. The next poll featured No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Nebraska, and No. 3 USC, with Arkansas and Ohio State tied at No. 4.
October 27: No. 1 Alabama hosted Virginia Tech and won 31-7. No. 2 Nebraska allowed an opponent to score for the first time in almost a month, but the Cornhuskers were still dominant in a 38-10 win over Colorado. No. 3 USC defeated California 24-14. No. 4 Arkansas and No. 6 Houston met in Fayetteville, and the Cougars won 13-10 on a late field goal. Ohio State, tied with the Razorbacks at No. 4, recorded a second consecutive shutout by beating Michigan State 42-0. The next poll featured No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Nebraska, No. 3 USC, No. 4 Houston, and No. 5 Ohio State.
November
November 3: No. 1 Alabama defeated Mississippi State 24-7. No. 2 Nebraska had a close call against Missouri, which had beaten them in an upset the previous year. But the Cornhuskers pulled out a 23-20 win, beginning a 24-game winning streak over the Tigers which lasted into the 21st century. No. 3 USC won 34-7 over Arizona, No. 4 Houston defeated TCU 21-10, and No. 5 Ohio State beat Illinois 44-7. The Buckeyes moved up in the next poll: No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Nebraska, No. 3 Ohio State, No. 4 USC, and No. 5 Houston.
November 10: No. 1 Alabama had trouble against unranked LSU, who held the Crimson Tide to a single field goal, but two fourth-quarter interceptions preserved a 3-0 win for coach Bear Bryant's squad. No. 2 Nebraska also struggled against last-place Kansas State, winning 21-12 despite losing five fumbles. No. 3 Ohio State won 34-7 over Iowa. No. 4 USC clinched the Pac-10 title and a Rose Bowl berth with a 24-17 win over the second-place team, No. 15 Washington. No. 5 Houston suffered its first loss, falling 21-13 to No. 8 Texas. No. 7 Florida State improved their record to 9-0 with a 27-7 win over No. 19 South Carolina and moved up in the next poll: No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Ohio State, No. 3 Nebraska, No. 4 USC, and No. 5 Florida State.
November 17: No. 1 Alabama recorded their fifth shutout of the year, 30-0 over Miami. As was so often the case in the 1970s, the Big Ten title was decided in the Ohio State-Michigan game. The Wolverines had defeated the Buckeyes three years in a row (holding them without a touchdown in each game), but this time No. 2 Ohio State prevailed 18-15 over No. 13 Michigan. No. 3 Nebraska won 34-3 over Iowa State. No. 4 USC, who would be Ohio State's Rose Bowl opponent, was idle. No. 5 Florida State blasted Memphis 66-17. The top five remained the same.
November 23-24: No. 1 Alabama was idle as they prepared for their annual matchup against Auburn, and No. 2 Ohio State had finished its schedule. No. 3 Nebraska and No. 8 Oklahoma, both undefeated in conference play, squared off for the Big 8 title and a spot in the Orange Bowl. The Sooners won 17-14 behind 247 rushing yards from defending Heisman Trophy winner Billy Sims. No. 4 USC finished the year with a 49-14 win over UCLA, and No. 5 Florida State beat Florida 27-16, completing an unexpected perfect season under fourth-year coach Bobby Bowden. The next poll featured No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 USC, No. 3 Ohio State, No. 4 Florida State, and No. 5 Oklahoma.
December
December 1: No. 1 Alabama was favored against No. 14 Auburn in the Iron Bowl, but the rival Tigers gave the Crimson Tide all they could handle. Alabama finally won 25-18 to preserve their perfect record and earn the SEC title and a Sugar Bowl berth. The other conference race which went down to the last day was the SWC, where No. 6 Texas, No. 8 Arkansas, and No. 10 Houston were all still in contention. A Longhorns loss (13-7 at Texas A&M) and a Cougars win (63-0 over Rice) delivered the Cotton Bowl berth to Houston, which shared the conference title with Arkansas but held the tiebreaker over the Razorbacks by virtue of their head-to-head win in October.
At the end of the regular season, five teams were undefeated and five others had just one loss. Alabama and Ohio State were both 11-0; the Coaches' Poll kept the Crimson Tide in the top spot, but the AP voters moved the Buckeyes ahead after Alabama struggled to win their final game. In the final AP Poll before the bowls, No. 1 Ohio State and No. 2 Alabama were followed by No. 3 USC (10-0-1), No. 4 Florida State (11-0), No. 5 Oklahoma, No. 6 Arkansas, No. 7 Nebraska, No. 8 Houston (all 10-1), No. 9 Brigham Young (11-0, but with just one game against a major conference opponent), and No. 10 Pittsburgh (10-1). The major bowl matchups were Ohio State vs. USC in the Rose Bowl, Alabama vs. Arkansas in the Sugar, Oklahoma vs. Florida State in the Orange, and Houston vs. Nebraska in the Cotton.
Conference standings
No. 1 and No. 2 progress
Notable rivalry games
Alabama 25, Auburn 18
Oklahoma 17, Nebraska 14
Ohio State 18, Michigan 15
Navy 31, Army 7
Texas 16, Oklahoma 7
Arkansas 17, Texas 14
Texas A&M 13, Texas 7
Tulane 24, LSU 13
USC 42, Notre Dame 23
USC 49, UCLA 14
California 21, Stanford 14
Pittsburgh 29, Penn State 14
Bowl games
Other Bowls:
Final AP and UPI rankings
Heisman Trophy
Charles White, TB, USC, 1,695 points
Billy Sims, HB, Oklahoma, 773
Marc Wilson, QB, BYU, 589
Art Schlichter, QB, Ohio State, 251
Vagas Ferguson, TB, Notre Dame, 162
Paul McDonald, QB, USC, 92
George Rogers, TB, South Carolina, 81
Mark Herrmann, QB, Purdue, 54
Ron Simmons, MG, Florida State, 41
Steadman Shealy, QB, Alabama, 32
Schlicter was a sophomore; Rogers and Herrmann were juniors
Other major awards
Maxwell (outstanding player) – Charles White, TB, USC
Outland – Jim Ritcher, C, North Carolina State
Camp – Charles White, TB, USC
Lombardi – Brad Budde, G, USC
References
Kabudan (, also Romanized as Kabūdān) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
A Witches' Sabbath is a legendary ritual associated with witchcraft.
Witches' Sabbath may also refer to:
Witches' Sabbath (Goya, 1798), a painting by Goya
Witches' Sabbath (The Great He-Goat), an 1823 painting by Goya
Witches' Sabbath (novel), by Paula Allardyce, 1961
See also
Black Sabbath (disambiguation)
They Gave Him a Gun is a 1937 American crime drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Spencer Tracy, Gladys George, and Franchot Tone. The picture bears a resemblance to later films noir in its dark theme regarding the struggles and failures of a man trying to take a criminal shortcut to the American dream. The screenplay was written by Cyril Hume, Richard Maibaum, and Maurice Rapf, based on the 1936 book of the same name by William J. Cowen. On March 20, 1937, director W.S. Van Dyke "announced Henry Mahan was cast in "They Gave Him A Gun", joining Sam Levene and Teddy Hart, the three swell comedians in the film version of Three Men on a Horse", but none of these actors appear in the final cut.
Plot
The movie begins in World War I when a young man named Jimmy (Franchot Tone) unexpectedly becomes a hero by killing all the Germans in a machine gun nest. But he is then severely wounded and spends time in a hospital being cared for by a nurse, Rose (Gladys George), with whom he falls in love. But she is really in love with Jimmy's buddy, Fred (Spencer Tracy), a carnival barker. However, when Fred doesn't return from the battlefield, the two think he's been killed (when he was merely captured) and so they make wedding plans. Then when Fred returns he decides to support Jimmy and Rose marrying, even though it breaks his heart. After the war Fred meets up with Jimmy again and discovers that Jimmy is a racketeer who uses his battle skills to commit murder. So he tells Rose, who had no idea. She then reports her husband to the police so he will go to prison and be reformed. But Jimmy breaks out of prison and tries to take Rose on the lam with him. At this point Fred intervenes. Jimmy, feeling undeserving, commits suicide by police.
Cast
Spencer Tracy as Fred P. Willis
Gladys George as Rose Duffy
Franchot Tone as James "Jimmy" Davis
Edgar Dearing as Sgt. Meadowlark
Mary Lou Treen as Saxe
Cliff Edwards as Laro
Charles Trowbridge as Judge
Box office
According to MGM records the film earned $718,000 in the US and Canada and $595,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $253,000.
References
External links
1937 films
American crime drama films
American black-and-white films
1937 crime drama films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by W. S. Van Dyke
Films set in the 1910s
American World War I films
Films shot in California
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by Richard Maibaum
Films produced by Harry Rapf
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Pellonulinae is a subfamily of freshwater herrings belonging to the family Clupeidae.
References
Clupeidae
Seafood
Commercial fish
Oily fish
Fish subfamilies
Saki-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Sākī-ye ‘Olyā and Sakī ‘Olya; also known as Sākī, Sākī Bālā, Sākī-ye Bālā, Shāqi Auliya, and Shāqī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Ambasamudram railway station (station code: ASD) belongs to the Madurai railway division. It has automated ticket vending. This railway station is present between and Kallidaikurichi.
References
Madurai railway division
Railway stations in Tirunelveli district
Fabien Robert (born 6 January 1989) is a French footballer who plays for English club Gloucester City as an attacking midfielder.
Club career
Lorient
Robert is a product of the FC Lorient Centre de Formation, having previously played for local side AS Lanester. Following great success playing on Lorient's under-18 and CFA 2 squad, on 15 June 2007, he signed an unprecedented five-year professional contract effectively keeping him with Lorient until 2012. He was promoted to the senior squad for the Ligue 1 2007–08 season and assigned the number 28 shirt. He made his professional debut on 1 September 2007 in a league match against Strasbourg appearing as a substitute in the 60th minute. The final result was a 0–0 draw. Over the course of the season, he made eleven appearances, nine of them as a substitute and one start, his first ever, in a 0–0 draw against Le Mans.
Doncaster Rovers (loan)
On 31 January 2012, Robert joined Championship side Doncaster Rovers on loan until the end of the season. After making four appearances as a substitute, he finally started the match against Birmingham City which ended in a 3–1 defeat on 30 March 2012. He scored his first goal for Doncaster in the 4–3 defeat to Portsmouth on 14 April 2012.
Swindon Town
On 30 July 2015 Robert joined Swindon on a one-year-contract (plus one optional). He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–2 draw away at Bury.
Forest Green Rovers
On 4 August 2016, it was announced that Robert had signed for National League side Forest Green Rovers. He was part of the squad winning the promotion to League Two in the Play off at Wembley.
He made a bright start, with his loan deal being extended, but picked up an injury, causing Robert's loan to be terminated and he returned to Forest Green. However, on 15 January 2018, Robert re-joined Aldershot Town on a loan deal until the end of the season. On 20 September, Robert joined National League South side Gloucester City on a one-month loan deal. The deal was then extended by another month.
International career
Robert is available for selection with the France under-21 team and appeared in a FIFA non-sanctioned friendly with the under-21s against the Paris Saint-Germain Reserves played in January 2009. On 25 May 2009, he was selected to the under-20 squad to participate in the 2009 Mediterranean Games.
Career statistics
References
External links
(1) https://www.over-blog.com/Fabien_Robert_biographie-1095204201-art85675.html
LFP Profile
Profile at FC Lorient
1989 births
Living people
People from Hennebont
French footballers
Footballers from Réunion
FC Lorient players
US Boulogne players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Ligue 1 players
English Football League players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
French expatriate sportspeople in England
France youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
National League (English football) players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Sportspeople from Morbihan
Footballers from Brittany
Brittany international footballers
Jamshedji Framji Madan (27 April 1857, Bombay – 28 June 1923), professionally known as J. F. Madan, was an Indian theatre and film magnate who was one of the pioneers of film production in India, an early exhibitor, distributor and producer of films and plays. He accumulated his wealth on the Parsi theatre district scene in Bombay in the 1890s where he owned two theatre companies. He moved to Calcutta in 1902 where he founded Elphinstone Bioscope Company, and began producing and exhibiting silent movies including Jyotish Sarkar's Bengal Partition Movement in 1905. He expanded his empire considerably after acquiring rights to Pathé Frères films. He produced Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra in 1917 and Bilwamangal in 1919. Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra was the first feature film to be shot in Calcutta.
Elphinstone merged into Madan Theatres Limited in 1919 which brought adapted many of Bengali's most popular literary works to the stage. Madan Theatres was a major force in Indian theatre throughout the 1920s and 1930s.
Early life
He was born into a Parsi family in Bombay. Madan's father suffered a huge monetary loss when Bombay Reclamation Bank, which was responsible for reclaiming land between the seven islands of Bombay, failed. JF Madan had to leave school, and he joined Elphinstone Dramatic Club as a prop boy in 1868. By 1875, this amateur club turned into a professional theatre company staging shows all over India.
Entrepreneur
In 1882, Madan left the theatre company and had a short successful stint in business at Karachi. He moved to Calcutta in 1883. His success in a business of supplying goods to army cantonments enabled him to buy Corinthian Hall, where theatre shows used to be staged. Also, he took over the Elphinstone Theatre Company, where he started his career, from Cooverji Nazir, one of the founders of the theatre. Corinthian Hall was turned into Corinthian Theatre, and it became very popular for Parsi theatre shows, which were full of grandeur and had women actors, a rarity in those days.
In 1902, he started bioscope shows in a tent in Maidan, Calcutta along with similar shows in Corinthian Theatre. The equipments used were procured from Pathé Frères of Paris. Most of the films shown in those shows were from Pathé Productions. These bioscope shows were organised under the banner of Elphinstone Bioscope Company. Elphinstone Bioscope Company produced a number of short films. He also started film shows in Alfred Theatre, which he bought in the same year.
In 1907, he established Elphinstone Picture Palace (currently known as Chaplin Cinema), which was the first permanent show house in Calcutta. He also opened Madan Theatre and Palace of Varieties (now known as Elite Cinema).
During the First World War, he helped as a supplier to Supply and Transport Corps in the British Indian Army in Lucknow. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1918 Birthday Honours for his support, and was invested as a Commander of the Order in 1923.
After the war, his business started growing rapidly. In 1919, his film production business became a joint stock company with the name of Madan Theatres Limited. Madan Theatres and its associates had great control over theatre houses in India during that period. In 1919, Madan produced the first Bengali feature film, Bilwamangal. It was first screened in the Cornwallis Theatre (now known as the Sree Cinema).
The Electric Theatre (now known as Regal Cinema), Grand Opera House (currently known as Globe Cinema) and Crown Cinema (now known as Uttara Cinema) were all owned by Madan Theatres.
Legacy
Madan and his relatives were involved in a variety of businesses including liquor imports, food, pharmaceutical products, real estate, insurance, etc. But among all these, Madan Theatre was the most well-known and most well-established. It spread over Burma and Ceylon, which were part of British India.
J. J. Madan, third son of J. F. Madan, became managing director of Madan Theatres after the latter's death in 1923. Madan Theatres reached a peak in the late 1920s when it owned 127 theatres and controlled half of the country's box office. Madan Theatres produced a number of popular and landmark films until 1937.
Indian-American actor Erick Avari is a great-great-grandson of J. F. Madan (and great-grandson of J. J. Madan).
Cyrus J. Madan is also the great-great grandson of J.F. Madan. He lives in Kolkata (India) with his wife Trista Madan. They have three children Jamshed, Shara and Tashya. Cyrus is a reputed figure in the Indian Horse Racing and theatre circles.
References
External links
Bengali article on J F Madan at abasar.net
1856 births
1923 deaths
Film producers from Mumbai
Bengali film producers
Parsi people from Mumbai
Indian theatre managers and producers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
19th-century Indian businesspeople
Film directors from Mumbai
20th-century Indian businesspeople
20th-century Indian film directors
Indian silent film directors
Indian silent film producers
Film producers from Kolkata
Film directors from Kolkata
The 32nd New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1908 New Brunswick general election, the 32nd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 32nd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 12th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1991 New Brunswick general election, the 52nd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 52nd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 32nd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Troy Daniel Beatty (November 12, 1866 - April 23, 1922) was bishop co-adjutor of Tennesse in The Episcopal Church, serving from September 18, 1919 to his death.
References
1866 births
1922 deaths
Episcopal bishops of Tennessee
Hırka-i Şerif Mosque (, ) is a historic mosque in Istanbul, Turkey. It takes its name from a relic, the mantle of Muhammad, which is preserved in the mosque.
Mosque
Hırka-i Şerif Mosque (literally "Mosque of the Blessed Mantle") is situated at Hırkaişerif quarter's Muhtesip İskender neighborhood in Fatih district of Istanbul, Turkey. It was commissioned by Ottoman sultan Abdulmejid I (reigned 1839–1861). Its construction began in 1847 after expropriation of buildings in the near neighborhood to make place, and it was completed in 1851. The mosque is associated with a relic, a mantle of the Islamic prophet Muhammad (c. 570–632) (), which was given as a gift to Uwais al-Qarani, known as Veysel Karani in Turkish, a 7th-century Islamic figure from Yemen highly respected by the Turks.
A complex was added to the mosque, which consisted of a sultan's pavilion, a mansion for the descendant family owning the relic, barracks for a gendarme company in charge of protection of the relic and quarters for the servants. The architect of the mosque is not known. The mosque is situated in the center of a walled yard, which has three gates at each side. The mosque has an octagonal prism form, which is considered to be influenced from the plan of Qubbat al-Sakhrah (built 688–692) in Jerusalem. Its dome has a diameter of . For the storage of the relic, a small octagonal prism building is annexed to the wall facing qibla. The annex has entrances to the courtyard and connection to the mosque. The mosque and the relic storage building are constructed in limestone ashlar. Their domes are of lead-covered brickwork.
The mosque and the relic chamber underwent conservation and restoration works several times in the past. As of 2017, the mosque is closed to prayer. It is under restoration, it is now open for prayer.
Blessed mantle relic
The relic, in the possession of the Uwais al-Qarani's descendants, came first to WesternAnatolia, and was brought later to ıstanbul in the beginning of the 17th century following a decree of Sultan Ahmed I (r. 1603–1617). It was preserved in the residence of the descendant family. It is known that the relic was exhibited in a specially-built stone cell during Ramadan, the Islamic month of fasting, from the beginning of the 18th century. Ottoman sultans of the 18th and 19th century showed great respect to the relic, and built stone cells to ease the exhibition of the relic to the religious visitors. During the Ottoman era, the relic was exhibited in the second half Ramadan while the third week of the fasting month was reserved for male visitors and the fourth week for females. In the Republican era, this regulation was abandoned and mixed-gender visit became usual. During the Night of Power, a holy night in Ramadan, visiting of the relic is offered from the Tarawih, the extra night prayer in Ramadan, to the Fajr prayer, the dawn prayer.
The relic is still being displayed to the public during the four weeks from the first Friday of the holy month on until the eve of Ramadan festivities.
See also
Sacred Relics (Topkapı Palace)
Relics of Muhammad
References
Ottoman mosques in Istanbul
Mosques completed in 1851
19th-century mosques
1851 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Fatih
Relics
Pseudo-Vigilius is the name conventionally given to the anonymous authors of the Latin pseudepigrapha of Vigilius of Thapsus. Two of such works are:
De Trinitate (On the Trinity) is a collection of works by a variety of authors, dating from the 4th and 5th centuries. It is divided into twelve books. The ninth and twelfth books are transmitted independently as the Fides Damasi and as a supposed translation of a work of Athanasius, respectively. The tenth and eleventh books are quoted by Augustine.
Contra Varimadum arianum (Against Varimadus the Arian)
Editions of both have been published by in Florilegia Biblica Africana saec. V (Brepols, 1961).
References
Latin pseudepigrapha
Govind Prasad Lohani (1927 – 26 December 2020) was a Royal Nepalese Ambassador to Pakistan, Iran and Turkey. He was well regarded in Nepal as a senior economist and political advisor. He was a son of famous Nepali poet Deepkeshwar Sharma. He wrote more than 20 books relating to communism, civilization and economics. He served as a member of planning commission of Nepal during King Birendra's regime and was a founding member of Nepal Rastriya Bank, the central bank of Nepal.
References
Nepalese diplomats
1927 births
2020 deaths
Ambassadors of Nepal to Pakistan
Ambassadors of Nepal to Iran
Ambassadors of Nepal to Turkey
Tetelcingo Nahuatl, called Mösiehuali̱ by its speakers, is a Nahuatl variety of central Mexico. It is one of the core varieties closely related to Classical Nahuatl. It is spoken in the town of Tetelcingo, Morelos, and the adjacent Colonia Cuauhtémoc and Colonia Lázaro Cárdenas. These three population centers lie to the north of Cuautla, Morelos and have been largely absorbed into its urban area; as a result the Tetelcingo language and culture are under intense pressure.
In 1935 William Cameron Townsend published a study of Mösiehuali̱, and a number of other studies have been published since then.
Phonology
Vowels
Tetelcingo Nahuatl has converted the distinction of vowel quantity found in more conservative varieties into one of vowel quality. The short vowels are reflected as (orthographically i̱ e a o) in Tetelcingo, while the long vowels become (orthographically i, ie, ö, u).
Consonants
Tetelcingo Nahuatl, like many dialects of Nahuatl, does not have voiced obstruent consonants (with one clear exception: the stem /maga/, meaning 'fight' is derived from /maka/ 'give, hit'). Voiced obstruents and other non-native consonants do occur in loanwords from Spanish, however, and there are many such words in the language.
Honorifics
Another striking characteristic of Tetelcingo Nahuatl is the pervasiveness and complexity of its honorifics. Generally every 2nd or 3rd person verb, pronoun, postposition or possessed noun must be marked honorifically if its subject or object, designatum, object or possessor (respectively) is a living adult (the speaker's wife or adult children being exceptions). Extra-honorific forms of several kinds exist, especially for addressing or referring to godparental relations, high officials or God. Many third person honorifics use morphemes that in Classical Nahuatl were used to mark non-active (passive) verbs or unspecified or plural participants. Not infrequently a different (suppletive) stem is used for honorifics, or the honorific form is in some other way irregular.
A few examples are given below, using the orthography of Brewer and Brewer 1962. Where more than one form is listed, the second is more highly honorific.
References
External links
(SIL Mexico) – includes sound recordings
Mösiehuali̱ Honorifics – includes sound recordings
Spanish loans in Mösiehuali̱ – includes sound recordings
Texts in Mösiehuali̱
Literature
Brewer, Forrest, y Jean G. Brewer. 1962. Vocabulario mexicano de Tetelcingo. Vocabularios indígenas “Mariano Silva y Aceves” 8. México: Instituto Lingüístico de Verano.
Pittman, Richard S. 1948. “Nahuatl honorifics”. International Journal of American Linguistics 14:236-39.
Pittman, Richard S. 1954. A grammar of Tetelcingo (Morelos) Nahuatl. Language Dissertation 50 (supplement to Language 30).
Tuggy, David. 1979. “Tetelcingo Nahuatl”. Modern Aztec Grammatical Sketches, 1-140, Ronald W. Langacker, ed. Studies in Uto-Aztecan Grammar, vol. 2. Arlington, TX: Summer Institute of Linguistics and University of Texas at Arlington.
Tuggy, David. 1981. Electronic version 2008. The transitivity-related verbal morphology of Tetelcingo Nahuatl: an exploration in Space [Cognitive] grammar. UC San Diego doctoral dissertation.
Nahuatl
The 2004 Idaho Democratic presidential caucuses were held on February 24 in the U.S. state of Idaho as one of the Democratic Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 2004 presidential election.
Results
References
Idaho
2004 Idaho elections
2004
St. Andrew's Church, West Bromwich, England is part of both the Church of England and the Methodist Church through an arrangement known as a local ecumenical partnership. Members of both traditions worship together and play a part in the life of both the Church of England and the Methodist Church throughout West Bromwich. The church is situated at the junction of Dudley Street and Carter's Green. The postcode is B70 9LR.
History
In 1869 a day school was opened in Old Meeting Street, West Bromwich, and the buildings were soon used for Sunday worship. The Parish of St. Andrew, West Bromwich was created in 1879 as part of Lichfield Diocese, with worship continuing on the premises in Old Meeting Street until the 1920s.
In 1915, work started on a new church building at Carter's Green. The First World War prevented much work being done and the official foundation stone was not laid until 1922. The first part of the building was completed in 1924 and consecrated for worship the following year. Just before the Second World War, two bays and a baptistry were completed and consecrated on 21 January 1940.
In 1982, work was completed to create a social area, kitchen and other facilities, and in 1998 a coffee lounge was created alongside the kitchen. Among recent developments has been the addition, in 2015, of 74 photovoltaic panels (solar panels) on the roof, undertaken in partnership with Power for Good Co-operative Ltd.
The Parish
The title of the parish is formally "The Parish of St. Andrew's-with-Christ Church, West Bromwich". Christ Church was an imposing building on High Street, now demolished. In 1988 the parish of Christ Church was divided between the Anglican parishes of The Good Shepherd with St. John, St. Philip's and St. Andrew's. The site where Christ Church stood is within St. Andrew's parish boundary and hence this parish's expanded full name.
The Ecumenical Partnership
Swan Village Methodist Church and St. Andrew's had shared in joint services for many years. When the Methodist church building became difficult to maintain, the congregation decided to join together with the Anglican congregation in the St. Andrew's building. The arrangement was further established in 1988 with a formal Sharing Agreement. Funds from both churches were used to build the extension, including an upstairs room for meetings - the Cygnet Room.
In 2002, the joint congregation signed a Declaration of Intent for Ecumenical Partnership, and there is now fully a Partnership Congregation.
St. Andrew's is also host to Forward in Faith Ministries, a church of Zimbabwean origin and tradition (with no connection with the Anglican organisation of the same name).
Staff
The ordained staff at St. Andrew's are currently the Revd. Nigel Ely (Vicar) and the Revd. Phil Thomas (Methodist Minister).
References
External links
https://www.facebook.com/StAndrewsWestBromwich/
The Black Country Circuit website
Wolverhampton and Shrewsbury District website
Diocese of Lichfield website
Power for Good Co-operative
West Bromwich
West Bromwich
Nora Mebarek (born 22 July 1972) is a French politician of the Socialist Party (PS) who has been a Member of the European Parliament since February 2020.
Political career
Mebarek stood in the 2017 French legislative election in Bouches-du-Rhône's 16th constituency, a seat with an incumbent socialist MP, Michel Vauzelle, who was standing down. She came in 5th place on the first round and was eliminated. The seat was won in the second round by Monica Michel from La République En Marche!.
Mebarek stood in the 2019 European Parliament election in France. She was placed 6th on the PS–PP–ND list, and so was not elected immediately but secured a seat among the British seats that were redistributed after the UK left the European Union. She took her seat in the European Parliament after Brexit. She sits with the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats.
In parliament, Mebarek serves on the Committee on Regional Development. Since 2021, she has been part of the Parliament's delegation to the Conference on the Future of Europe. In addition to her committee assignments, she is part of the Parliament's delegation for relations with the Mashreq countries.
Ahead of the 2022 presidential elections, Mebarek publicly declared her support for Anne Hidalgo as the Socialists' candidate and joined her campaign team.
Political positions
In May 2021, Mebarek joined a group of 39 mostly Green Party lawmakers from the European Parliament who in a letter urged the leaders of Germany, France and Italy not to support Arctic LNG 2, a $21 billion Russian Arctic liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, due to climate change concerns.
See also
List of members of the European Parliament for France, 2019–2024
References
External links
Biography at the European Parliament
Living people
1972 births
21st-century French women politicians
21st-century French politicians
People from Bouches-du-Rhône
French socialists
MEPs for France 2019–2024
Socialist Party (France) MEPs
21st-century women MEPs for France
Politicians from Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Najafabad (, also Romanized as Najafābād; also known as Najīfābād) is a village in Siyavashan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2005 census, its population was 213, in 76 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The 1997–98 Danish 1st Division season was the 53rd season of the Danish 1st Division league championship and the 12th consecutive as a second tier competition governed by the Danish Football Association.
The division-champion and runner-up promoted to the 1998–99 Danish Superliga. The teams in the 13th to 16th spots relegated to the 1998–99 Danish 2nd Division.
Table
Top goalscorers
See also
1997–98 in Danish football
1997–98 Danish Superliga
External links
Peders Fodboldstatistik
Danish 1st Division seasons
Denmark
2
The John Darlington Building is the oldest commercial building in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. Located at 7 Rue de Buade, at its junction with Rue du Fort, it was built in 1775 for merchant tailor John Darlington.Review of Historical Publications Relating to Canada, Volumes 3-4 (1899) – Google Books
Gallery
References
External links
Maison Darlington - official website
Buildings and structures in Quebec City
1775 establishments in the British Empire
Springvale is an unincorporated community in Springvale Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located at the junction of Isanti County Road 6 and Flamingo Street NW. County Roads 1 and 14 are nearby. Stanchfield Creek flows through the community. Springvale is located northwest of Cambridge.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Cerfontaine, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Cerfontaine, Belgium
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Cerfontaine
Saeed Aulaqi (born 1940) is a Yemeni dramatist and fiction writer. His story "The Succession" has been translated into English and was anthologized in two anthologies published in the West (The Literature of Modern Arabia, 1988 and Modern Literatures of the Non-Western World, 1995). As a playwright, he has tackled revolutionary themes and published a number of plays:
Nidaa' al-Ard (The Land's Call)
Fawq al-Jabal (On the Mountaintop)
al-Qawi Wa l-Aqwa (The Strong and the Stronger)
at-Tirka (The Inheritance)
Mashrou' Zawaaj (The Marriage Project)
al-Mahzala al-Idaariyya (The Administrative Farce).
He also wrote a comprehensive history of the theatre in Yemen entitled Sab'oun ‘Aaman Min al-Masrah Fi l-Yaman (Seventy Years of Yemeni Theatre, 1980).
According to the German scholar Gunther Orth, Aulaqi was born in 1946 in Aden.
References
Yemeni writers
Living people
1940 births
Wild Oranges is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor, adapted from a story by Joseph Hergesheimer. On January 12, 2010, the film had its first home video release, on the Warner Archive DVD series.
Plot
When John Woolfolk's wife dies in an accident, he vows not to open himself to future emotional harm. With a shipmate, Paul Halvard, he begins sailing around the world, coming to anchor near an isolated, dilapidated mansion on the Southern coast, inhabited by a young woman, Nellie Stope, and her grandfather, Litchfield, who lives in fearful seclusion after his experiences in the Civil War. The one other inhabitant is a brutish "servant," Iscah Nicholas, who terrorizes the other two and is later revealed to be an escaped convict and "homicidal maniac."
Nicholas, a "man-child," lusts after Nellie and harasses her, placing her on a stump in the alligator-infested swamp until she agrees to kiss him, but he is momentarily satisfied with a peck on the cheek. Woolfolk comes to shore to ask Litchfield for water, noting the wild oranges that grow on the estate . Tasting one, he finds it is bitter, but on a second taste he enjoys the sweetness that the fruit reveals. He notices Nellie and the two talk together, but he still tries to keep emotionally distant from her.
The next day when Halvard fills a water cask, he is confronted by Nicholas, who smashes the barrel and knocks Halvard down. Woolfolk comes and warns Nicholas to leave the two men alone. Nellie asks to see Woolfolk's ship and he takes her out on the open sea, where she at first relishes the sense of freedom but is soon overwhelmed by the ocean's vastness. Returning to shore, Woolfolk is attacked by Nicholas, who has a knife, but Woolfolk disarms him.
Afraid of being drawn into a relationship with Nellie, Woolfolk has Halvard set to sea that evening as Nellie tearfully watches them from her window. Nicholas enters the house and pleads with Nellie to marry him, but she rejects him. Meanwhile, Woolfolk has a change of heart and has Halvard turn the ship back to shore. Finding Nellie, he tells her that he is in love with her and will take her and her grandfather away from their self-imposed confinement. The two agree to meet at the estate's dock that evening.
When Nicholas realizes that Nellie and Litchfield are planning to leave, he confronts them in their parlor, knocking Litchfield down and killing him. He takes Nellie to an upstairs bedroom where he ties her to the bed, demanding that she marry him. Woolfolk comes to the house, looking for Nellie and discovers Litchfield's body. Carefully climbing the stairs with a pistol drawn, he trips on a hole in the floor and drops his gun. Nicholas comes out of the bedroom, and the two engage in an extended fight on the landing and down the stairs as Nellie manages to free herself. Nicholas is temporarily distracted when he knocks over a lamp and starts a fire. Woolfolk and Nellie head to the wharf with Nicholas close behind. They manage to get on a rowboat to go to the ship, but Nicholas returns to the house, finds the gun that Woolfolk had dropped, and shoots at them across the water, wounding Halvard in the process.
While this fight has been going on, a dog who has been abused by Nicholas finally breaks free from his chains and attacks him, eventually killing him. Risking being shipwrecked on the sandbar that guards the coastal inlet, Woolfolk heads his ship for the open water. When Halvard becomes too weak to steer the ship, Nellie takes the wheel and the craft clears the bar. As they sail away, Nellie has lost her fear of the ocean's freedom, and Woolfolk has lost his fear of love.
Cast
Virginia Valli as Nellie Stope
Frank Mayo as John Woolfolk
Ford Sterling as Paul Halvard
Nigel De Brulier as Lichtfield Stope
Charles A. Post as Iscah Nicholas
References
External links
Stills at silenthollywood.com
Hergesheimer, Joseph, Wild Oranges, New York: Grosset & Dunlap, illustrated with stills from the film, on the Internet Archive
1924 films
1924 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by King Vidor
Goldwyn Pictures films
Surviving American silent films
1920s American films
Minutes to Go is an album released by the Danish punk band Sods (later named Sort Sol). It was released in 1979 and is often referred to as Denmark's first punk album. The original album contained eight of the band's own songs and a cover version of Suicide's "Ghost Rider".
The album was re-released in 1997 with six bonus tracks.
Track listing
All songs by Sods (except where noted)
"R.A.F."
"Television Sect"
"Pathetic"
"Police" (Sods-Camilla Højby, Sods)
"Flickering Eyes"
"Suicide"
"Transport"
"Copenhagen"
"Ghost Rider" (Martin Rev, Alan Vega)
1997 re-release bonus tracks
"Rock'N' Roll"
"Tin Can People"
"Military Madness" (Sods-Camilla Højby, Sods)
"No Ref"
"Number One"
"Breathtaking Effects"
Personnel
Sods
Peter Peter – guitar
Tomas Ortved – drums
Knud Odde – bass guitar
Steen Jørgensen – vocals
Production
Poul Bruun – production
Flemming Rasmussen – engineering
Rapand – engineering
References
Sort Sol albums
1979 debut albums
A statue of Ignacio Vallarta is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
See also
Statue of Ignacio Vallarta (Puerto Vallarta)
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Doun Kaev municipality () is a municipality (krong) in Takeo province, in southern Cambodia.
Krong Doun Kaev was renamed from Doun Kaev district in accordance with Sub-Decree No. 226 dated 30 December 2008.
Administrative divisions
As of 2019, Krong Doun Kaev has three sangkats (quarters) and 40 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
Cuevas del Silvino is a limestone cave system in Guatemala. It is located at km 260 on the road connecting Guatemala City to Puerto Barrios, in the municipality of Morales in the department of Izabal.
The Silvino cave system was declared a national park in 1972.
References
National parks of Guatemala
Caves of Guatemala
Limestone caves
Protected areas established in 1972
Hold Your Breath is the third studio album by the American Christian metal band, Embodyment.
Critical reception
Jason Taylor of AllMusic says with Hold Your Breath, Embodyment directs "their sound toward passionate alternative rock", and compared to past releases, "Embodyment targets a much more mainstream version of heavy rock." However, he concludes that Hold Your Breath "is missing that extra something to claim it is an outstanding album" and "fails to meet expectations."
Wookubus of Theprp writes, "Gone are the screams and grating guitar work and in their place are twisting melodies and emphatic croons, bringing to mind the likes of a tougher version of Far, Jimmy Eat World or recent Cave In with an occasional prog-rock styled excursion." He claims "the material present here is perhaps the band's most mature offering to date." Hold Your Breath is "a worthy purchase for anyone looking for something a bit different from cookie cutter emocore or the mainstream norm."
Amber Authier or Exclaim! states, "drummer Mark Garza shines" but "vocalist Sean Corbray sounds like he is struggling to perform at the same level as the rest of his band-mates on some tracks".
Mark Broomhead of Cross Rhythms wrote "Hold Your Breath grabs you immediately as it kicks straight in with a riff slightly reminiscent of The Smashing Pumpkins." He compares Embodyment's sound on Hold Your Breath to Kings X's heavier side.
Blake Garris of Jesus Freak Hideout expressed Embodyment's "screaming seems like a thing of the past and melodic hardcore seems like the key to their bright future." He calls the lyrics "repetitive" but "very artistic".
Track listing
Personnel
Embodyment
Sean Corbay – Vocals
Andrew Godwin – Lead Guitars
Derrick "Stone" Wadsworth – Rhythm Guitars
Jason Lindquist – Bass
Mark Garza – Drums
Production
Brandon Ebel – Executive Producer
Jason Magnusson – Executive Producer, Producer
Barry Poynter – Producer
References
2001 albums
Solid State Records albums
Embodyment albums
The East and West Riding Regiment was a regiment of the British Territorial Army from 1999 to 2006. In 2006, it was re-designated as the 4th Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment.
History
The regiment was formed in 1999 by the amalgamation of the 3rd Battalion The Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire (Yorkshire Volunteers); 3rd Battalion The Duke of Wellington's Regiment (Yorkshire Volunteers); and the King's Own Yorkshire Yeomanry (Light Infantry) due to the reforms implemented in consequence of the Strategic Defence Review. The regimental headquarters was at Pontefract and the regiment, part of 15 (North East) Brigade, comprised five Rifle Companies:
Ypres Company (Duke of Wellington's Regiment), at Huddersfield and Keighley(from C and B Companies, 3rd Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment)
Fontenay Company (Duke of Wellington's Regiment), at Barnsley and Sheffield(from HQ and A company, 3rd Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment)
Quebec Company (Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire), at Hull and Beverley(from B Company, 3rd Battalion, Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire)
Imphal Company (Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire), at Worsley Barracks, York and Leeds(from A Company, 3rd Battalion, Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire)
Minden Company (Light Infantry), at Wakefield and Batley(from HQ and C Squadrons, King's Own Yorkshire Yeomanry)
No new cap badge was created for this regiment: soldiers wore their former regimental cap badge or were badged according to the company they joined. The regimental crest was a combination of the Light Infantry and the Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire cap badges and crest from the Duke of Wellington's Regiment. During the summer of 2004 the regiment adopted a single Tactical Recognition Flash (TRF) of the White Rose of Yorkshire on a black background (this design was previously used by the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division between the First and early in the Second World War). The official Army abbreviation for the regiment was "E and WRR".
In November 2004, the regiment dispatched a composite company (Normandy Company) to Basra, Iraq as part of 4th Mechanized Brigade of the Multi-National Division (South East) for a 6-month tour-of-duty.
Prior to re-designation
Two months prior to being re-designated as the 4th Battalion of The Yorkshire Regiment, the two Yorkshire companies of the Tyne-Tees Regiment were integrated into the structure of the regiment, and some of the regiment's companies were converted into other units; furthermore, the regimental HQ moved to York. This was to ease the re-designation process in June 2006. After this re-structuring, the regiment's structure was as follows:
HQ Company (later renamed Waterloo Company), at Worsley Barracks, York and Scarborough(from Imphal Company, East and West Riding Regiment; and A Company, Tyne-Tees Regiment)
A Company (Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire), at Hull, Beverley, and Leeds(from Quebec Company, and Leeds Platoon, Imphal Company)
B (Green Howards) Company, at Middlesbrough and Northallerton(from B Company, Tyne-Tees Regiment)
C Company (Duke of Wellington's Regiment), at Huddersfield and Keighley(from Ypres Company)
D Company (Duke of Wellington's Regiment), at Barnsley and Sheffield(from Fontenay Company)
Minden Company was broken up, with the Company HQ forming 299 Parachute Engineer Squadrons, and the Doncaster Platoon formed C (Rifles) Company, 5th Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers.
4th Battalion, Yorkshire Regiment
As part of the Future Infantry Structure (FIS) restructuring of the army announced in 2004, the regiment became the 4th Battalion of the newly created Yorkshire Regiment (14th/15th, 19th and 33rd/76th Foot) on 6 June 2006. The battalion now serves as the reserve infantry battalion for North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, and the East Riding of Yorkshire, with sub-units dispersed throughout all four counties.
Current structure
The current structure is as follows:
Alma Company, at Halifax Barracks, Hull
Rifle Platoon, at Worsley Barracks, York
Burma Company, at Fontenay Barracks, Barnsley
Rifle Platoon, at Sheffield
Corunna Company, at Huddersfield
Rifle Platoon, at Belle Vue Barracks, Bradford
Rifle Platoon, at Harewood Barracks, Leeds
Helmand Company, at Worsley Barracks, York
Quebec Company, at Middlesbrough
Notes
External links
The Yorkshire Regiment MOD website
The Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire Museum website
The Green Howards Museum website
The Duke of Wellington's Regimental Association website
The Yorkshire Volunteers Association website
Regiments of the British Army
Regiments of Yorkshire
Military units and formations established in 1999
Military units and formations disestablished in 2006
Yorkshire Regiment
Army Reserve (United Kingdom)
1999 establishments in the United Kingdom
2006 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Jesús León Santos is a Mexican environmentalist. He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2008, for his efforts on a sustainable development of agriculture in the Mixtec region of the state of Oaxaca.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Oaxaca
Mexican environmentalists
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
Ruben Ter Minasian (; 1882–1951) was an Armenian politician and revolutionary of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) who played an important role in the Armenian national liberation movement and later in the First Republic of Armenia.
Early life
Ruben Ter Minasian was born Minas Ter Minasian in 1882 in Akhalkalaki (located in modern-day Georgia) to Armenian parents. Ter Minasian's family, like many Armenians in Akhalkalaki, immigrated to the Caucasus from the Erzurum Vilayet in the Ottoman Empire after the Southern Caucasus became a part of Russia in 1829. He pursued higher education at Gevorgian Seminary at Etchmiadzin and at the Lazarian Institute in Moscow. He then served as an officer in the Russian Army. He returned to the Caucasus in 1903.
Revolutionary activities, Armenian Genocide and World War I
Ruben Ter Minasian joined the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaktsutyun) in 1902. From 1902–1903, he worked in Batumi, then moved to Kars in early 1904. Then he went to Yerevan where he became acquainted with Nikol Duman. They went to Persia together in 1904, where Ter Minasian established contacts with a number of prominent revolutionaries. On June 26, 1904, Nikol Duman's group (which consisted of Sarpaz Khecho, Hakob Zavriev, and two soldiers from Javakhk named Suren and Grish) tried to cross the border into the Ottoman Empire to reach Sasun in the region of Taron, but the band fell into a trap on the Turkish-Persian border at Razi and were attacked by Kurdish fighters who forced them to return to Salmast. Then, along with Vardan Shahbaz (Minas Tonikyan), Ruben crossed the border near St. Tadevos monastery and traveled to Van in 1905.
From 1905-1906 Ruben conducted organizational work with local fedayi leader Vana Ishkhan (Nikoghayos Mikayelian) for the self-defense of the Armenian villages of the Rshtunik (Lernapar) region. In 1906, due to tactical differences with Ishkhan, Ruben left Van and went to Sasun to join with fedayi leader Gevorg Chavush. 1906-1907 he collaborated with the mayor of Taron, Gevorg Chavush and Spaghanats Makar and other local residents, trying to reconcile them. During that time, he participated in a series of fierce battles. In May 1907, he was with Gevorg's fedayee group in the village of Soulukh, when the village was surrounded by Turkish troops commander Kyosha Binbashi. Gevorg Chavush was wounded in the ensuing battle and died of his wounds soon after. After Gevorg's death, Ter Minasian became commander of the ARF's forces in Sasun. After the Battle of Soulukh, he helped Gevorg Chavush's family flee to Van, sending Aram Manukian with them.
From 1907-1908 he repeatedly negotiated with local Kurdish military leaders. Guided by the decisions of the Fourth General Assembly of the ARF, the fedayees left Sasun for the Caucasus. At the end of 1908, Ruben passed through Sasun to Khnus, then to Van, and from there to Kars. After some time in Kars, Ruben went to Varna, Bulgaria to attend the ARF's Fifth World Congress, and then went to Geneva, where he resumed his studies and taught at Geneva University.
In 1913 Ruben was summoned to Mush in Ottoman Armenia. He worked as the director of several Armenian schools in Mush. In 1915, during the Armenian genocide he led the defense of Sasun against Ottoman forces. He was the sole survivor after a single Turkish shell killed the entire leadership of the defense. After 7 months of fighting, he instructed that anyone who can flee and save themselves. Sasun was captured and its Armenian population massacred. With a handful of his comrades Ruben was able to break through enemy lines and reach the positions of the Russian troops in Khnus. He then participated in Sebouh Nersesian and Sebastatsi Murad's "One Armenian, One Gold" initiative aimed at saving Western Armenian orphans from the Kurds and helping Western Armenian refugees.
In 1917 Ruben went to Tiflis. He represented the ARF in negotiations with the head of the Baku Communists Stepan Shahumyan and with other local Bolshevik leaders. That year he also became a member of the Armenian National Council. He was an advisor to the Transcaucasian Sejm's delegation at the Trebizond negotiations with the Ottoman Empire in March 1918.
First Republic of Armenia
After the declaration of independence of Armenia on May 28, 1918 (which he was opposed to) and at the demand of Aram Manukian, he came to Yerevan with other members of the Armenian Government in June 1918. At the ARF's Ninth World Congress in 1919, he was elected a member of the ARF Bureau, the party's top decision-making body and effectively the primary policy-making body of the First Republic of Armenia. Ruben remained a member of the ARF Bureau until his death. The First Republic of Armenia was faced with extremely dire circumstances, including a refugee crisis from Western Armenia, internal rebellion by Armenian Bolsheviks and local Caucasian Tatars (i.e. Azerbaijanis), and territorial disputes with neighboring Azerbaijan and Georgia. After the failed May Uprising of 1920 against the ARF-led government by the Armenian Bolsheviks, Ter Minasian and Simon Vratsian were given practically unlimited powers by Prime Minister Hamo Ohanjanyan to re-establish order. From May to November 1920 he occupied the posts of Minister of Internal Affairs and Minister of Defense in Hamo Ohanjanyan's government. After the suppression of the May Uprising, Ter Minasian directed a successful military campaign with veteran fedayi commander Drastamat Kanayan against Muslim rebels in the Zangibasar and Vedibasar districts to the south of Yerevan, resettling Armenian refugees in the abandoned Muslim villages and advancing toward Nakhichevan by the end of July 1920. Before they could restore Armenian control over Nakhichevan, they were intercepted by the Red Army, which occupied parts of Karabakh, Zangezur and Nakhichevan to establish an overland link with Kemalist Turkey.
When Turkish forces invaded Armenia in September 1920, Ter Minasian traveled to Tiflis to try and convince the Georgian government to ally with Armenia against Turkey, which was rejected.
Exile and death
After the fall of the First Republic of Armenia to Soviet forces in December 1920, he went to Zangezur, where ARF forces under the leadership of Garegin Nzhdeh had declared the Republic of Mountainous Armenia and continued anti-Soviet resistance. Ruben stayed in Zangezur for some time. Soon after he fled to Iran with Garegin Nzhdeh's army and then moved to Paris to continue his intellectual and political activities. In the years that followed, he traveled to Palestine and Egypt, disseminating the ideology of the ARF. He returned to Paris with his family in 1948. There he wrote for the ARF's Hairenik newspaper and wrote his memoirs, which were released after his deaths in 7 separate volumes titled "Memoirs of an Armenian Revolutionary." He died on November 27, 1951, at the age of 68. His remains were buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris on November 30, 1951. Throughout his life he had an anti-Soviet orientation and was considered one of the enemies of the USSR.
His son Leon Ter Minasian married Anahide Ter Minassian, a prominent scholar of Armenian history.
Works
Հայ յեղափոխականի մը յիշատակները [Memoirs of an Armenian Revolutionary], 7 volumes. Published in English as Armenian Freedom Fighters: The Memoirs of Rouben Der Minasian. Boston: Hairenik Association, 1963. Translated by James Garabed Mandalian.
Հայաստան միջցամաքային ուղիներու վրայ եւ Մ. Արեւելքի ժողովուրդներ եւ երկրներ [Armenia on the Inter-Continental Roads and Peoples and Countries of the Middle East]. Beirut, 1948.
Հայ-թրքական կնճիռը [The Armenian-Turkish Knot], Cairo, 1924.
Հ. Յ. Դ. կազմակերպութիւնը [Organization of the A.R.F.], Athens, 1935.
Սթալինեան Սահմանադրութիւնը եւ Հ. Յ. Դաշնակցութիւնը [The Stalinist Constitution and the A. R. Federation], Cairo, 1936.
References
1882 births
1951 deaths
Armenian biographers
Armenian nationalists
Armenian Revolutionary Federation politicians
Armenian anti-communists
Government ministers of Armenia
People of the First Republic of Armenia
Defence ministers of Armenia
Armenian male writers
Armenian people from the Russian Empire
People from Samtskhe–Javakheti
Munsang College (MSC; ) is an eminent EMI college situated in Hong Kong founded by Mr Au Chak Mun (also known as Au Tak),} and Dr Ts'o Seen Wan in 1926. It adopts the house system and each student is assigned to one of six houses, which are named Love, Tak, Chi, Tai, Kwan, May.
The campus is in Kowloon City District.
History of Munsang College
Early years (1916-1939)
In 1916, in view of the lack of schools for children in Kowloon City, Dr Ts'o Seen Wan suggested raising funds to build a school. In 1920, Mr Au Chak Mun (also known as Au Tak), one of the two people who reclaimed the land at Kowloon Bay and founded the Kai Tak Investment Company, died and bequeathed a donation of HK$10,000 to support Dr Ts'o Seen Wan's plan. Later, Mr Mok Kon Sang donated HK$10,000 as the founding fund of the school. Rev. Arthur Dudley Stewart, the Principal of St. Paul's College was entrusted with the work of preparation.
In 1924, Mr Rufus Huang, a teacher of St. Stephen's College at Stanley, was appointed as the first principal of the school and he rented a three-storey building at 2 Kai Tak Bun as the school building and the open area near the school building as the playground. In commemoration of the contribution of Mr Au Chak Mun and Mr Mok Kon Sang, the school was named after them as Munsang College.
On 8 March 1926, classes were opened. At that time, there were only 4 teachers and 18 students. Only boys' junior secondary section was set up. There was one class each in junior 1, 2 and 3. Besides, there were three preparatory classes, Pre A, B and C for children who didn't reach the level of junior one. That winter, the Board of Directors was set up and Dr Ts'o Seen Wan became the chairman of the board. Since then 8 March has been the School Anniversary date.
In 1927, the kindergarten section was set up. There were totally 60 students in the secondary section and 17 students in the primary and kindergarten sections.
In 1928, the boys' senior secondary section was set up. Owing to the increasing number of students, No 45 and 47 of Kai Yan Road near Kai Tak Bun were rented as school buildings. The ground floor was with classrooms for the primary and kindergarten sections. The second and third floors were used as the students' dormitory.
In 1930, the first 3 students graduated in the secondary section.
In 1932, a girls' secondary section was set up and the number of students increased to 426.
In 1933, a hall with a capacity of 200 students was built at the back of the main school building at Kai Tak Bun.
In 1934, owing to the outstanding performance of Munsang College, the Hong Kong Government started to subsidize the school (special grant school).
In the autumn of 1937, the girls' secondary section was closed and all female students were transferred to Heep Yunn College.
In 1938, the first Home-Coming day was held.
Relocation (1939-1940)
In the preparation of the 10th-anniversary ceremony, it was suggested that a piece of land at the end of Grampian Road should be bought to build a school campus instead of renting houses. HK$11,000 was raised to purchase most of the land for the present campus.
In September 1939, the first phase of building the school campus, including a hall and 12 classrooms, at the present location was completed. There were totally 525 students. On 26 November, the Munsang College Alumni Association was founded.
Post-war (1945-1954)
In August 1945, the Japanese army surrendered. However, the school campus was still occupied by the British army. Civilian houses at Hau Wong Road were rented and the primary school resumed. There were totally 94 students.
In May 1946, the campus at Grampian Road was returned to the school authority but only the primary section resumed. The number of students increased to 200.
In 1947, the main road in the school campus and the school gate was rebuilt. The school applied to the government and became a non-profit-making private school.
In 1949, a co-ed secondary section was established. In the summer of the same year, one additional classroom was built and in winter, two extra classrooms were built.
In 1950, the Student Association was set up and the total number of students increased to 500.
In 1953, with the addition of seven classrooms, the secondary school resumed up to S5 and there were totally 17 classes and 785 students.
In 1954, five students participated in the first English HKCEE after World War II.
Expansion (1955-1962)
In 1955, the kindergarten section resumed and a new building with 6 classrooms for the kindergarten section was completed in January 1956.
The first phase of building the present Block D was completed in November 1957.
In 1961, the sports ground was expanded with extra land leased from the Hong Kong Government after the completion of Dumbarton Road and its area was increased to about . At the same time, Munsang College was classified as a private aided school by the Education Department.
In 1962, the present Block C and the other classrooms of Block D were completed. There were 6 kindergarten classes, 29 primary classes and 12 secondary classes. The total number of students was in 2030.
Modern era (since 1963)
S6 classes and S7 classes resumed in 1963 and 1964 respectively. In that year, there were 19 secondary classes, 30 primary classes and 8 kindergarten classes.
In 1965, the school gate at Inverness Road was completed.
In 1968, the old hall was rebuilt and was completed on 9 January 1969. It was later named as Lim Por Yen Hall (Block B). The hall can accommodate 1020 audiences. There are 6 classrooms and a gymnastic room below the hall.
The old kindergarten building was rebuilt in 1976 and the primary school was approved to be a feeder school of the secondary school in that year. On 6 March of the same year, the school celebrated its golden jubilee anniversary. There were open days and exhibitions.
The new kindergarten/primary section building (Block A) was completed in June 1977. After that, the work of building the Rufus Huang Memorial Building (Block E) was started and it was completed in 1979.
In 1980, the construction of a primary school library, a kitchen and a swimming pool was started.
On 26 May 1981, the swimming pool was opened.
In 1986, to celebrate the diamond jubilee anniversary of Munsang College, a new building, Diamond Jubilee Building (Block F) was built and was completed on 21 December 1986.
In 1987, the swimming pool was re-built.
In 1988, the Munsang College Alumni Association held the golden jubilee celebration.
In 1993, a new laboratory building (Block G) and a new lecture theatre, the Dr Daniel Lam Lecture Theatre, was completed.
In 1995, the school carried out extensive renovation work. In order to show the history of our college, the school built an archive.
On 8 March 1996, the school celebrated its Seventieth Anniversary. There were open days and exhibitions. The Munsang College Archive was opened.
On 7 March 1997, the school celebrated its 71st Anniversary with a time capsule enshrined in the campus. The time capsule will be opened after 50 years.
Alumni
Dr Rayson Huang (), former Vice-Chancellor of University of Hong Kong.
Lim Por-yen (), founder and former chairman of Asia Television.
Ricky Wong (), Chairman and founder of City Telecom Ltd and Hong Kong Broadband Network.
Eric Cheung (), Principal Lecturer and Director of Clinical Legal Education, Faculty of Law, The University of Hong Kong and Solicitor.
David Lam (), the 25th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.
Lee Cheuk-yan (), member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong and chairman of Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China.
Dr Yip Wing-sie (), renowned musician and music director of Hong Kong Sinfonietta.
Charles Heung (), founder of Win's Entertainment and China Star Entertainment Group.
Martin Yan (), Chinese-Hong Kong-American chef, food writer and host of Yan Can Cook.
References
External links
Munsang College (Kowloon)
College (Hong Kong Island)
Munsang College Alumni Association
Secondary schools in Hong Kong
Primary schools in Hong Kong
Protestant secondary schools in Hong Kong
Kowloon City District
Duilio Spagnolo (c. 1927 – April 15, 2005) was an Italian boxer who was a heavyweight contender during the Joe Louis, Ezzard Charles, Jersey Joe Walcott and Rocky Marciano eras.
Spagnolo fought in the United States mostly, but he enjoyed more success on the European boxing circuit.
On February 25, 1945, he made his professional boxing debut with an eight-round decision win over Luigi Musina, in Milan. He had his first career defeat in his second bout, when he faced Enrico Bertola on August 12 of that year, in Rome, dropping a ten-round decision. Ten days later, the pair would rematch, in Milan, and Spagnolo avenged the defeat with an eight-round points victory over Bertola.
As soon as his fourth fight, Spagnolo challenged for the Italian Heavyweight title, winning it with a twelve-round decision over Giovanni Martin, in San Remo. His next fight resulted in his first draw (tie) when he and Gino Buonvino fought ten rounds on April 15, 1946, in Milan.
Spagnolo defended his Italian Heavyweight title with a twelve-round decision over Mentore Mazzali in Piacenza on May 19, then lost it in a rematch with Musina, when Spagnolo was disqualified in the fourth round, on July 6, in Milan.
Spagnolo and Musina had an immediate rubber match, with Spagnolo regaining the title by a twelve-round decision on September 8 in Milan.
Spagnolo then abdicated the championship in order to move to the United States, where more famous opponents and the possibility of a world title shot awaited. The first indication that the latter was not going to come on March 25, 1947, when he made his American debut, against a top ranked heavyweight, Lee Savold, who proceeded to give Spagnolo his first knockout loss, in round eight at Boston's famed Boston Garden.
Spagnolo then won nine fights in a row. He scored his only three career knockout wins during this streak, beating Mike Fisher in five, Louis Clark in three and Jim Lake in five. This pattern of beating almost completely unknown fighters would continue on for the rest of his career, but he managed to also fight with Roland La Starza (who later challenged Marciano for the World Heavyweight title), losing by a ten-round unanimous decision on November 16, 1950, in Brooklyn, New York, Coley Wallace, losing to him by a ten-round decision on December 11 of the same year in Washington, D.C., and Nick Barone (who later challenged Charles for the World Heavyweight title), losing to him by a ten-round unanimous decision on March 15, 1951, in Syracuse, New York.
During one point in his career Spagnolo was scheduled to fight Rocky Marciano. However Marciano's camp cancelled the upcoming bout when Marciano's hand was injured in training.
His fight with Barone was his last one, and he retired with 18 wins, 10 losses and four draws in 32 career bouts, with three knockout wins.
External links
1927 births
2005 deaths
Italian male boxers
Heavyweight boxers
Fader Bergström, stäm upp och klinga (Father Bergström, start playing and sounding) is one of the Swedish poet and performer Carl Michael Bellman's songs, from his 1790 collection, Fredman's Epistles, where it is No. 63. The melody is based on a minuet by . Bergström was a musician, and the song celebrates dancing and drinking late into the evening. The song, written in 1773, was revised heavily to make it suitable for publication. The initial version, naming Movitz not Bergström as the musician, was an attack on an over-zealous priest who had caused Bellman to be summonsed for an earlier poem that had joked about salvation. The song has been recorded by Bellman interpreters including Fred Åkerström, Fredrik Berg, and Rolf Leanderson.
Context
Song
Music and verse form
The song is marked "Diktad midt i veckan" (Dictated midweek); it was written in September 1773. The melody is in the key of D major, marked Menuetto (a courtly dance), and in [[ Triple metre| time]]. There are two long verses, each of 24 lines. The rhyming pattern is the shifting BBBC-DDDC-EEEC-ABAB-CDCD-EEED. The melody was derived from a minuet with the "timbre" label "Minuet af d. ä." in 's 1788 Bobis bröllop.
Lyrics
The lyrics have been translated into English by Eva Toller. Bergström was a musician, playing a wind instrument for people's name days in the Katarina Church area of Stockholm, and the song celebrates dancing and drinking late into the evening. The last few lines run:
Reception and legacy
Bellman's biographer Carina Burman records that the original 1773 version differed in many ways from the final 1790 text. It was originally Movitz who was playing, not Bergström; and the second verse was completely rewritten. She explains that an over-zealous priest, Nils Jacob Nymansson of Ulrika Eleonora Church on Kungsholmen, had been angered by one of Bellman's poems which likened the comfort offered by a beautiful girl, when Bellman was frightened by a thunderstorm, to salvation. That merely made the Age of Enlightenment laugh, but for the church it was an insult. The King had announced the freedom of the press, but the church considered itself an exception. Bellman was summonsed to appear before the
Chancellor of Justice, but fortunately the King found the matter ridiculous. Bellman, a mild-mannered man, was sufficiently annoyed to write an attack upon Nymansson, in the form of the epistle. The first verse mentioned prostitution, a seller of lemons no longer carrying a heavy basket of fruit, but "Now among Barons / She dances herself warm". Burman suggests that this frank description among the otherwise playful lines was perhaps a hint of Bellman's anger. The second verse, she writes, paints a picture of chaos. It describes Nymansson as the biblical sea-monster or crocodile Leviathan, who with unrestrained lust visits brothels and puts street-girls up "against planks and walls" in Stockholm's alleys to do as he likes with them. Meanwhile, the verse states that the priest condemns Fredman's (aka Bellman's) "tender love" for his girl Iris. Movitz is exhorted to do as the pope had done (with a papal bull in July 1773) and drive out the harmful priests. Burman comments that the epistle's sharp tone was nothing like Bellman's usual style; the words were strong for an age where people were readily punished for blasphemy. Finally, according to the 1773 version, the priest falls over, but "it doesn't matter". None of this appeared in the final printed version.
Epistle 63 has been recorded by Fred Åkerström on his 1974 album Glimmande nymf, by Fredrik Berg on his 2014 album Angående Fredrik Bergs tolkning av C M Bellman, where it is the first track, and by Rolf Leanderson on his 2012 album Carl Michael Bellman: Songs & Epistles in Swedish.
References
Sources
(contains the most popular Epistles and Songs, in Swedish, with sheet music)
(with facsimiles of sheet music from first editions in 1790, 1791)
External links
Text of Epistle 63
1790 compositions
Swedish songs
Fredmans epistlar
Midway Still are a pop punk band formed in the early 1990s in Kent, England. The band recorded a Peel session in 1991 prior to the release of their debut album, Dial Square (1992), on the Roughneck Recordings label, which was a subsidiary of Fire Records. The album was produced by Don Fleming, and was followed by Life's Too Long in 1993 (produced by Leatherface's Frankie Stubbs).
The band split before their third album was released, though a reunion of sorts took place in 2000, when Russell Lee replaced Jan Konopka on bass and a single, "Fuck You" was released in 2001 on Antipop Records. The band released another album, Note to Self, on Boss Tuneage in April 2010, followed by a tour. They have since toured in Japan, twice, in 2010 and 2012 for the "Note to Self" and "Always Ends" albums, respectively. Currently the band members are: Paul Thomson (guitar & vocals), Dec Kelly (drums), and Russell Lee (bass & backing vocals).
Discography
Singles
"I Won't Try" (test pressing)
"I Won't Try"/Apple"/"Daynight"
"Wish"/"You Made Me Realise"/"Everywhere I Look"/"Who You Are"
"Better Than Before"/"In Front Of You"/"I Won't Try (Lazy Version)"/"What You Said (Shimmyglitter Mix)"
"Wow"
"Slugabed":"Just Get Stuck"/"Abnegate"/"Three Five Nine"/"Still Get By"
"Counting Days"/"Mod Song No. 2"/"Fragments"
"Fly Me to the Moon"/"A Day In The Life Of A Show Girl" (Released as a promotional freebie with the 'Life's Too Long' album)
"Fuck You"/"Since You've Been Gone"
"The Covers EP"
Albums
Dial Square (Roughneck, 1992)
Life's Too Long (Fire Records, 1993)
The Desert (Recorded in 1994, released on Bitter & Twisted, 2011)
I Won't Try (Compilation, Fire Records, 2005)
Note to Self (Boss Tuneage, 2010)
Always Ends (Bitter & Twisted, 2012)
Go Team No Hope (Bitter & Twisted, 2016)
References
English pop punk groups
English indie rock groups
Flight Lieutenant Thomas Grey Culling DSC (31 May 1896 – 8 June 1917) was New Zealand's first flying ace of the First World War.
Born in Dunedin, New Zealand, Culling joined the Samoa Expeditionary Force following the outbreak of the First World War but was prevented from departing the country by his father, due to his age. He travelled to England in 1915 and joined the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS). From September 1916, he flew with the No. 1 Squadron, RNAS, on the Western Front. He shot down his first German aircraft in April 1917 and would be credited with a total of six aerial victories, the first New Zealander to become a flying ace during the war, by the time of his death on 8 June 1917.
Early life
Thomas Grey Culling was born on 31 May 1896 in Dunedin to a notable local family. His father, Thomas Shepherd Culling, was a businessman and local body politician, after whom Dunedin's Culling Park is named. His grandfather, also Thomas Culling, was a printer and paper mill director, and was one of Dunedin's early colonial settlers, arriving in the city just one year after its 1848 founding.
His family moved to the Auckland suburb of Remuera in 1906, and he was educated at King's College.
First World War
Following the outbreak of the First World War, Culling volunteered for the Samoa Expeditionary Force, then being raised specifically for the capture of German Samoa. However, he was prevented from departing New Zealand by his father, who had contacted authorities, pointing out his age. Only men of 20 years or older were being allowed to serve aboard and Culling was still only 18.
The following year, in August, Culling left New Zealand for England to join the Royal Naval Air Service. In September 1916, as a flight sub-lieutenant, he was posted to No. 1 Squadron, which at the time was serving on the Western Front. Culling was assigned to fly Sopwith Triplane No. N5444 and began to score victories in Bloody April 1917, with his first three coming that month. The second one was significant; it was part of one of the war's epic dogfights. On 22 April, Culling was the wingman of the Australian ace, Roderic Dallas. The two pilots took on a formation of fourteen German planes; using air tactics that suited the Triplane's technological advantages, the two Naval aces thwarted the pending air offensive in a 45-minute dogfight that resulted in three German aircraft being shot down. The next day, Culling shot down a two-seater plane during a patrol that encountered a flight of nine aircraft.
Culling went on to shoot down three more German aircraft in May, becoming New Zealand's first "ace" of the First World War. Earlier in the month, he had received a promotion to flight lieutenant. He was killed the following month, on 8 June 1917. As part of a four-man flight dispatched to shoot down an intruder aircraft, he encountered seven German aircraft near Ypres and was shot down by Vizeflugmeister Hans Bottler of the Imperial German Navy. His body was never recovered.
Shortly after his death, he was posthumously recognised with the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions in the engagements of 22–23 April 1917. The medal was presented by the Earl of Liverpool, Governor-General of New Zealand, to his father in a ceremony at Auckland the following year.
Notes
References
1896 births
1917 deaths
New Zealand World War I flying aces
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
British military personnel killed in World War I
Royal Naval Air Service aviators
Military personnel from Dunedin
Clear the Stage was the fourth studio album from Christian contemporary Christian musician Jimmy Needham, which was released on March 27, 2012 by Inpop Records, and was produced by Ed Cash and Jimmy Needham. The album has seen commercial charting successes, as well as, positive critical attention.
Title track "Clear the Stage"
The title track "Clear the Stage" was written by Christian contemporary singer-songwriter Ross King who recorded the song in his 2002 album And All the Decorations, Too released on April 1, 2002. The main message conveyed in the song is that we need to clear the stage for God, who truly deserves it: "Because you can sing all you want to / But still get it wrong / Worship is more than a song / We must not worship something / that's not even worth it / Clear the stage and make some space / for the one who deserves it". It also addresses what are idols in our lives that we must cast away for true belief: "Anything I put before my God is an idol / Anything I want with all my heart is an idol / Anything I can't stop thinking of is an idol / Anything that I give all my love is an idol". Jimmy Needham also released a music video displaying the lyrics of the song.
Music and lyrics
David Jeffries of Allmusic wrote that the album was "as bright and diverse as expected, but it's the songwriting growth and conceptual cohesiveness that really surprise." At CCM Magazine, Grace S. Aspinwall stated that "The partnership with Ed Cash brings out an even more mature and relatable sound for his distinct vocals and styling." Kevin Hoskins at Jesus Freak Hideout told that the release has "got some good ol' pop-filled blues with very intimate lyrical content", yet noted that for the listener "looking for something fast-paced and musically diverse, you may want to steer clear of Clear the Stage." Cross Rhythms' Isaac Poulton said that "The thing that really sticks out to me when I put this latest album from the Houston-based blue-eyed soul man is the tight, rhythmic sound of the drums. Reliable bass and perfectly timed hi-hats rumble and pitter patter through the first track, setting up the tone for the whole album." In addition, Poulton noted that "Ultimately, the lyrics are the centre of the album and it's clear they're meant to be, and are skillfully crafted." At Christianity Today, Andy Argyrakis wrote that "Needham sings sincerely of God's grace, newfound fatherhood (after a series of miscarriages), and checking his ego at the door, partly making up for some of the musical shortcomings and showing his potential as a songwriter."
Sarah Fine at New Release Tuesday told that the artist was "Known for his eclectic mix of blue-eyed soul and groove-driven pop, his latest effort, Clear The Stage, comes as his most musically diverse and lyrically vulnerable project to date." Furthermore, Fine noted that the album was "Raw and thought-provoking lyrically, it also boasts a musical showcase secular counterparts might want to take note of, serving as one of the most diverse albums I've heard in quite some time." At Indie Vision Music, Jonathan Andre wrote that "With heartfelt lyrics and musical diverseness" that this album was his "the most mature and personal record to date." At The Phantom Tollbooth, Michael Dalton said that "On Clear the Stage, Jimmy Needham sacrifices a little of his blue-eyed soul for a more pop-oriented sound. He loses a little distinctiveness on some tracks, but retains the R&B influence that is a trademark." Tom Frigoli of Alpha Omega News wrote that with respect to the lyrics they were "written in conversational tones and are a joy to listen to", and noted that Needham's "musical versatility is stronger than ever and there are many different sounds and styles experienced on the album."
Critical reception
Clear the Stage garnered generally positive reception from music critics to critique the album. David Jeffries at Allmusic felt that this was "surely Needham's album, establishing him as a more mature artist than before while still welcoming his audience with open arms." At CCM Magazine, Grace S. Aspinwall called this "a delightful new phase for this talented singer/songwriter." Kevin Hoskins of Jesus Freak Hideout affirmed that this was "a great album to chill out to and to truly worship our Maker with." Cross Rhythms' Isaac Poulton highlighted that the release "would really speak to people going through tough times, which really makes this album worth getting."
At Christianity Today, Andy Argyrakis criticized that "There are also several additional R&B/jazz-infused moments to accompany his soulfully smooth vocals, but a few others are middle-of-the-road piano/acoustic songs lacking personality." Sarah Fine at New Release Tuesday evoked that the album was "Fun, funky and full of faith, Clear The Stage is undoubtedly Jimmy Needham's finest work to date", and that "Overall, this album does not disappoint and will be a hard one to follow up, but if anyone can do it, it's Jimmy Needham." At Indie Vision Music, Jonathan Andre felt that the artist "has stretched the musical boundaries" in a good way on his fourth studio album.
Michael Dalton of The Phantom Tollbooth called the album "arresting and unforgettable", which he wrote that "This may be Needham's best and most mature recording to date, and the way he sings 'Clear the Stage' is worth hearing." At Christian Music Zine, Tyler Hess felt that the album was "a solid follow up to Nightlights and has a few special songs that can hit your heart strings." Jono Davies of Louder Than the Music proclaimed this was "A top quality recording". At Alpha Omega News, Tom Frigoli graded the album an A, which he wrote that "The album offers everything fans have come to know and love from Jimmy Needham and so much more", and told that he "definitely recommend checking out this project as well as his previous albums!"
Commercial performance
For the Billboard charting week of April 14, 2012, Clear the Stage was the No. 128 most sold album in the entirety of the United States by the Billboard 200 and it was the No. 9 Top Christian Album as well.
Track listing
Charts
References
2012 albums
Jimmy Needham albums
Christian rock albums by American artists
Inpop Records albums
Satiri is a department or commune of Houet Province in south-western Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Satiri.
Towns and villages
The department is composed of the administrative village of Satiri
and fifteen other villages:
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Houet Province
Dominique Dion (born 10 September 1957) is a Canadian water polo player. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Quebec City
The 1997 Intercontinental Cup was an association football match played on 2 December 1997 between Borussia Dortmund, winners of the 1996–97 UEFA Champions League, and Cruzeiro, winners of the 1997 Copa Libertadores. The match was played at the neutral venue of the National Stadium in Tokyo in front of 46,953 fans. Andreas Möller was named as man of the match.
Teams
Venue
Match details
Match Ball
The Ball of the match was the Adidas Questra, originally designed to be the official match ball of the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the United States.
See also
1996–97 UEFA Champions League
1997 Copa Libertadores
Borussia Dortmund in European football
References
External links
1997 Intercontinental Cup at FIFA.com
1997–98 in European football
1997 in South American football
1997 in Japanese football
1997
Borussia Dortmund matches
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube matches
1997
1997 in Brazilian football
1997–98 in German football
Sports competitions in Tokyo
1997 in Tokyo
December 1997 sports events in Asia
1997 in association football
CthulhuTech is a science-fiction and horror roleplaying game created by Wildfire LLC and published by Sandstorm that combines elements of the Cthulhu Mythos with anime-style mecha, horror, magic and futuristic action. The setting is Earth in 2085 during a worldwide conflict known as the Aeon War, (from the Necronomicon quote: "And with strange aeons even death may die") wherein the planet has been invaded twice: once by a black-skinned manufactured alien race known as the Nazzadi who are derived from humans and who join forces with them, and then a second time by the Mi-Go, an advanced alien civilization seemingly bent on the enslavement of humanity. Aside from these conflicts, the game focuses on other factions, such as ancient cults like the Esoteric Order of Dagon that are running amok across the planet and the eldritch horrors that are rising to destroy the world as, according to the prophecies of the Cthulhu Mythos, the "stars are right" and the Great Old Ones and their servitors are returning/reawakening to reclaim the Earth. The game uses a proprietary ten-sided die (d10) system titled "Framewerk."
History
Game designer Matthew Grau dreamed up CthulhuTech in Aron Anderson's store, The Dreaming, when Grau realized that no one had ever combined anime-style mechs with Cthulhu. The concept of CthulhuTech combines magic, mecha and the Cthulhu Mythos, in which mankind is fighting a war in a science-fiction age against the mi-go and other alien races. In September 2003, Eos Press announced their intentions to publish a new game, CthulhuTech and said that its system, Framewerk would be the new Eos Press house system; Eos ultimately decided to prioritize their licensed game, Weapons of the Gods, over the newcomer CthulhuTech, thus leading Grau to take his game to Osseum Entertainment and then Mongoose Publishing. Cthulhutech (2007) was published through Mongoose's Flaming Cobra imprint. CthulhuTech got caught up in Mongoose's printing problems of 2007–2008; although the first printing of CthulhuTech was released in full-color, just as WildFire envisioned, a second printing (2008) and follow-up book Dark Passions (2008) both appeared in black and white. As Mongoose could no longer publish the full-color books that Wildfire had envisioned, they brought the game to Catalyst Game Labs. CthulhuTech was the first acquisition by Catalyst Game Labs after they picked up the FASA games Battletech and Shadowrun in 2007. Catalyst was able to rapidly publish a series of five full-color hardcover editions just as WildFire had envisioned – CthulhuTech (2008); Dark Passions (2008); Vade Mecum: The CthulhuTech Companion (2008); Damnation View (2009); and Mortal Remains (2009). After Catalyst, WildFire took CthulhuTech to Sandstorm Productions.
Game overview
CthulhuTech uses a proprietary game system known as "Framewerk" that focuses on a die pool system. An unusual feature is the selection of numbers from the d10 rolls – a player can pick a single highest number, all like numbers, or straights of consecutive numbers, and use these to generate the result. The result is then added to a "base" consisting of a related attribute score bought by the player at character creation. The sum of the base and the result is then compared to target numbers or to the results of an opponent's rolls to determine success or failure.
Players build characters using points to buy six attributes, Strength, Agility, Perception, Intellect, Tenacity, and Presence, which are used for attribute tests and serve as the base to which roll results for skills are added. Players have another, separate pool of points used to buy skills such as "Marksman" or "Persuade" in five degrees of competency. These levels of competency determine the size of the player's dice pool. Players can also use their points to purchase Assets, including wealth, status, and allies that are beneficial in the game. They can also select Drawbacks, such as poverty or sickness, that will give them extra points to spend at the cost of suffering an ill effect, either as a direct penalty, or as part of the storyline.
Though the character generation is not class-based, there are "Profession" templates that guide players in building characters suitable for the setting, and include prerequisites to join the many factions. For example, the level of devotion and training required to become a Mecha Pilot is explained in its Profession template. Professions still allow the player to build a unique character despite this.
When rolling, players can make use of "Drama Points," which affect die rolls. One drama point spent can remove a die from an opponent's pool or increase their own pool by one die. Players have ten drama points which are restored every game session (loosely defined as being each time the players get together to play). Despite this being a feature suited mostly to players, important Non-Player Characters also possess drama points to make them tougher or represent their importance.
A major element of CthulhuTech is fear and insanity. All alien monstrosities have a fear factor that forces a Tenacity roll – should the player fail, he or she will be scared or panicked by the presence of the monster, which may have scarring effects on the character's psyche. As well, coming into contact with aliens and demons, performing sorcery, utilizing psychic abilities, or witnessing horrible events, could lead players to gain points of Insanity. These can be opposed with Tenacity rolls as well. Should a player gain enough insanity points, the character will suffer psychological trauma, including common mental illnesses such as schizophrenia. If a player gains too many points of insanity, the character will be forced out of the game – but can recover with proper psychological attention over a period of time.
Game setting
The CthulhuTech corebook is set on Earth in 2085, during a war known as the "Aeon War," against aliens and cultists with varying goals. Due to the Aeon War, the political layout of the world has changed greatly. The remainder of the civilized world has joined forces to create the New Earth Government, comprising mainly Western Europe, China, Japan, Australia, Africa, and the Americas. Vast swathes of Asian and European territory have been destroyed by the rapidly expanding Rapine Storm, a cult of crazed psychopaths and cannibals who ravage the land in hordes of armed men and terrifying alien beasts. Antarctica, Alaska, and Northern Europe have fallen under the control of the Mi-Go aliens and their advanced technological war machine. All of the oceans and most of the coasts of the world are sparsely controlled by the Esoteric Order of Dagon, who use sea beasts, monstrous Deep Ones and Hybrid soldiers, brainwashed or conscripted humans, and their own brand of oceanic mecha in their search for R'lyeh, the lost underwater city of Cthulhu.
Players can choose from two player races in the Core Rulebook. Aside from Humans, a player can choose to play as the alien Nazzadi, genetically engineered humans once under the influence of the Mi-Go but now allied with the Earth's government. The Nazzadi are depicted as dark skinned humans with intricate tattoos. The CthulhuTech companion book Vade Mecum introduced three new playable races, two of which are results of Nazzadi and Human coupling and are referred to as "Xenomixes." The third is the monstrous "Ghoul," a race of filthy and only vaguely humanoid creatures that hide within human civilization, disguising themselves as homeless people or living in sewers and tunnels.
Factions include the "Tagers," a group of warriors who work for the mysterious Eldritch Society and bond with alien symbionts that produce alien-like suits of flesh over their bodies, giving them enhanced strength and other abilities. Tagers combat the powerful and nearly all-encompassing Chrysalis Corporation, a front for a terrible cult known as the Children of Chaos, who worship Nyarlahotep, and create shapeshifting super soldiers called "Dhohanoids" to accomplish their ends. "The New Earth Government" is the most encompassing faction, with numerous government agencies, military powers, and all of the world's remaining nations under its command. NEG players will fight the cults and the alien Mi-Go using mecha and military technology out in the battlefields or sorcery, wits, and investigative ability in the futuristic urban arcologies. The players can also, if they choose, ally themselves with the Chrysalis Corporation and other evil cults.
Inspirations
CthulhuTech is inspired by various anime such as Robotech, The Guyver and Neon Genesis Evangelion, and by cyberpunk games like Shadowrun. The core inspiration is drawn from the works of HP Lovecraft and others. A few Mythos elements have been extrapolated into a futuristic setting, such as monstrous Ghouls and Byakhee, the alien Mi-Go, as well as Lovecraftian deities such as Cthulhu and Hastur.
Despite the use of races and deities created by Lovecraft and others, there is little to connect the game with the Lovecraftian style of horror; the game is more action oriented. While prominent elements of the Mythos described in some of Lovecraft's key works (such as Elder Things, Shoggoths or Yithians) are not used as NPCs or enemies and generally do not appear in the game, they are referenced in a section of the CthulhuTech Core Rulebook describing the background of the setting and intended for gamemasters. Notably, while the game itself is very loosely based on the Mythos and the aspects integrated into gameplay are extensively reimagined, the background section closely follows Mythos canon and is fairly accurate.
The setting features futuristic elements such as the architecturally efficient and futuristic arcologies, powered armor and mecha, energy weapons, and bio and nano-technology. In addition, the setting also includes many paranormal or fantastic elements, such as dangerous sorcery and psychic abilities, which take a toll on the sanity of the user, and the Arcanotechnology, a paranormal technology that produces near-endless amounts of efficient and clean fuel.
Reception
CthulhuTech has received varying degrees of acknowledgment. Io9 featured a short review of Vade Mecum, the CthulhuTech companion book. The reviewer referred to the artwork as "amazing, really helping to evoke the gloomy, decadent world of CthulhuTech" and recommended the book for those who are looking for a dark RPG.
Hyperion, the largest Norwegian website for roleplaying and LARP, featured a review of CthulhuTech. The reviewer applauds CthulhuTech for its fresh setting and the wide variety of stories it can support, saying it might become a "cult symbol" among games. The reviewer also goes through Framewerk, finding it easy to pick up, especially for those with experience in the White Wolf Storyteller System. However, he also goes on to say that some of the skills are similar and might confuse beginners, and that it lacks information on the technology of the setting, requiring more supplements to make it whole.
CthulhuTech was a finalist for the 34th Origins Awards, an award for particular aspects of the traditional gaming industry. It was nominated in the "Roleplaying Game" category for 2008 and was selected as a silver award finalist, though it did not win the category. The winner was Aces & Eights . CthulhuTech was also a finalist for the 2009 ENnie awards for "Best Game", "Best Production Values", "Best Interior Art", "Best Supplement", and "Best Cover Art". For those categories it won Gold ENnie awards for "Best Cover Art" (Core Rule Book) and "Best Supplement" (Vade Mecum).
CthulhuTech was featured in Yog-Sothoth.com's semi-regular "Yog Radio" podcast. It was featured in Yog Radio #28, in an interview with the game's authors.
Translations of CthulhuTech into Italian, Spanish and French are in the works. The Spanish edition of CthulhuTech is being published by Edge Entertainment in Spain. The French edition of CthulhuTech is being published by La Bibliothèque Interdite in France.
Publication history
The first publisher of CthulhuTech was EOS Press. This was followed by Mongoose Publishing (a relationship which ended amicably) and Catalyst Game Labs, which ended in April 2010 due primarily to non-payment of royalties. Sandstorm Productions followed in June 2010, but collapsed in early 2012, after which Wildfire was independent.
Books in the CthulhuTech game line currently include (original publisher in brackets):
CthulhuTech (Mongoose) core book
Vade Mecum (Mongoose) the CthulhuTech companion which details para-psychics, zoners, additional spells and mecha for various factions
Dark Passions (Mongoose - black and white; Catalyst - color version) a sourcebook for cults
Damnation View (Catalyst) a metaplot sourcebook for 2086
Mortal Remains (Catalyst) details culture, society of the New Earth Government, and their enemies, the Migou
Ancient Enemies (Sandstorm) details the struggle between the Tagers of the Eldritch Society and the Chrysalis Corporation
Unveiled Threats (Sandstorm) details the armaments, devices and technology of the Strange Aeon
Burning Horizon (Wildfire) a metaplot sourcebook for 2087
Dead Gods - Release date has not been established but the book was pushed at the end of the "production line"
References
External links
Campaign settings
Cthulhu Mythos role-playing games
ENnies winners
Horror role-playing games
Role-playing games introduced in 2007
Truth (NZ) Ltd v Holloway [1961] NZLR 22 (PC) is a case of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on appeal from the Court of Appeal of New Zealand regarding the legal issue of defamation and free speech.
Background
The weekly newspaper New Zealand Truth, in an article dated 24 March 1959, published a story about the allocation of import licences, which contained a quote by importer Harry Judd saying to a fellow importer: "see Phil and Phil will fix it" The "Phil" referred to was the Hon. Phil Holloway, the then-Minister for Industries and Commerce under Prime Minister Walter Nash during the Second Labour Government. Holloway was not happy with the innuendo that he was involved in issuing import licences in a questionable way, and sued the paper for defamation. The paper defended the matter on the basis of privilege, in publishing an article of national significance.
The High Court ruled that the paper did not have such a defence, and awarded damages of NZ£11,000.
Truth appealed to the Court of Appeal claiming they had the defence of privilege, and also that the judge had misdirected the jury.
Held
The Court of Appeal upheld the judgement. The Truth subsequently unsuccessfully appealed to the Privy Council, but solely on the grounds that the judge had misdirected the jury.
Footnote: Defence Counsel here (Robin Cooke) later became Justice Cooke.
References
New Zealand tort case law
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council cases on appeal from New Zealand
Lord Denning cases
1960 in New Zealand law
1960 in case law
Lieutenant General Henry Louis Larsen (December 10, 1890 – October 2, 1962) was a United States Marine Corps officer, the second Military Governor of Guam following its recapture from the Empire of Japan, and the first post-World War II Governor of Guam. He also served as the Military Governor of American Samoa alongside civilian Governor of American Samoa Laurence Wild. Larsen was among the first troops overseas in both World Wars. During World War I, he commanded the 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and participated in numerous battles in France, earning the Navy Cross, three Silver Stars, the Croix de guerre with palm, and the French Legion of Honour. In between the World Wars, he served during the United States occupation of Nicaragua, where he earned his second Navy Cross, the Presidential Medal of Merit from President of Nicaragua José María Moncada Tapia, and his first Navy Distinguished Service Medal.
He served as the director of plans and policies for the Marine Corps until the United States became involved in World War II. He commanded the first troops to leave the United States – the 8th Marine Regiment. During the war he served as military governor of both American Samoa and Guam. On Guam he faced an island with large infrastructure damage from the two battles that had taken place there and undertook a project to transform Guam into a forward military base housing large numbers of troops. In the single largest construction project ever undertaken by the United States Navy, Larsen converted the island into an air and sea base that frequently launched attacks on the main Japanese islands. He also oversaw the capturing of remaining guerrilla Japanese forces and contended with race rioting between white and African American sailors and Marines.
Life
Larsen was born on December 10, 1890, in Chicago to Andrew A. Larsen, a builder, and his wife. He moved with his family to Denver, Colorado, when at the age of 16. He attended the Army and Navy Academy boarding school.
He was fluent in French, Spanish, and Norwegian and served as a certified interpreter for all three.
Military service
Larsen joined the United States Marine Corps at the age of 23; he earned top marks in a class of 75 at Officer Candidates School. He commanded the 3rd Battalion 5th Marines during World War I. Shortly after being field promoted to the rank of major, he led a liaison mission on June 25, 1918, during the Battle of Belleau Wood, for which he received a Citation Star. On October 4, 1918, the battalion's flanks became exposed while operating alongside the Fourth French Army near Rheims. The Germans attacked multiple times, but despite this the battalion managed to maintain all of the ground they had taken. For Larsen's heroic command during the two-day defense he was awarded the Navy Cross and a second Citation Star. He received a third Citation Star during the war; all three were later converted to Silver Stars, making him the recipient of three Silver Star awards. He participated in every major action undertaken by the Marine Corps during the First World War, and was the only member of the 3rd Battalion to serve during the war without being wounded. In 1919, France awarded him the Croix de Guerre with palm and the Legion of Honour for his actions during the war.
After the First World War, he served in a number of posts on both American Samoa, United States holdings in the Caribbean, and in Mexico. He participated in the United States occupation of Nicaragua from April 1, 1928, to March 26, 1929, as the brigade inspector of the 2nd Brigade and commander of the 3rd Battalion 11th Marines. He earned his second Navy Cross while in this position. He earned the Presidential Medal of Merit from President of Nicaragua José María Moncada Tapia and his first Navy Distinguished Service Medal in 1929. He was among a few Marine officers who were instructed at the École Militaire in France as part of an officer training exchange program in the 1930s
From 1938 to 1940, Larsen served as the director of plans and policies at the Headquarters Marine Corps in Washington, D.C. He oversaw the immediate expansion of the Marine Corps following the attack on Pearl Harbor and soon after preceded to American Samoa as the commander of the 8th Marine Regiment, the first combat troops to leave the Continental United States during the war. In June 1943, he assumed command of the Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. He left the post to become Island Commander of Guam on July 21, 1944, shortly before becoming governor of the island.
Following the war and his governorship, Larsen assumed the position of commanding general of the Department of the Pacific. He retired a lieutenant general on November 1, 1946. He wrote several military texts on amphibious warfare, a style of warfare which he helped pioneer, and other topics. He earned the Navy Distinguished Service Medal twice, and the Bronze Star Medal once.
Governorships
American Samoa
President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Larsen the first and only Military Governor of American Samoa on January 15, 1942. He served alongside the Naval Governor Laurence Wild. This led to an odd situation where Larsen outranked Wild militarily while, at the same time, Wild held a position of senior authority to Larsen. Larsen negotiated the American occupation of Western Samoa with New Zealand during World War II.
Guam
Larsen served as Governor of Guam from August 15, 1944, to May 30, 1946. Larsen mainly concerned himself with military and construction affairs, leaving the day-to-day administration of the island to Commander James Barton, the Deputy Chief Military Government Officer. The government was restructured into a martial one with ten departments to oversee things like education, labor, and public wealth. Much of this remained similar to the naval government in place before the Japanese invasion of the island, though Larsen had increased power to change governmental organization or law by decree. During his tenure, the term Guamanian first became popular as opposed to referring to the natives as Chamorro as the Chamorro people of Guam and the Japanese held island of Saipan had to be differentiated. He oversaw an effort to round up the remaining Japanese forces who remained on the island. This included a plan in which some senior Japanese prisoners were released under the promise that they would round up other hidden forces and order them to surrender.
A number of altercations involving the service of African American serviceman alongside whites ensued while Larsen commanded the island's forces. These included the shooting of an African American Marine by a white sailor and attacks on African American barracks by whites with smoke grenades. Despite Larsen issuing a statement calling for respect toward military members of "various races and colors", the violence continued. It culminated in the commandeering of automatic weapons and trucks by 43 African American sailors in the short-lived Agana race riot, prompting their arrest by Marine military police and sentencing of up to four years in prison each. The men eventually obtained their freedom after Walter Francis White, a NAACP leader, advocated for them by claiming the situation was created by discrimination toward the men mixed with poor leadership in their unit.
During the war, he commanded over 215,000 personnel on the island and oversaw the development of the island into a major air and sea military base in the single largest construction project in the history of the United States Navy. By the time the war ended, the island contained five air bases and eight air strips, from which many planes made bombing runs on the Japanese mainland. The medical facilities on the island were also revamped, and many of the wounded from engagements like the Battle of Iwo Jima were routed through Guam before returning home. Larsen planned to convert the heavily damaged capital of Agana into a more modern American city with a grid plan similar to Santa Monica, California, but never achieved his "New Agana". Larsen contended that these improvements also provided easily discernible living condition improvements for the native Chamorro people of the island.
Post-military career
After Larsen retired from the Marine Corps, Governor of Colorado Daniel I.J. Thornton appointed him Colorado Civilian Defense Director, a position he held from 1949 through 1959. Larsen also served as the president of the National Association of State Civil Defense Directors. He used the position to advocate for greater civil defense spending, accusing President Harry Truman of neglecting to fully prepare the nation for war should it come again.
Decorations
Lieutenant General Larsen's ribbon bar:
First Navy Cross citation
Citation:
The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Major Henry L. Larsen (MCSN: 0-540), United States Marine Corps, for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished service as Battalion Commander, Third Battalion, 5th Regiment Marines. On 4 October 1918, Major Larsen's battalion was leading in the attack made by the Fifth Marines, while operating with the 4th French Army, east of Rheims. The French troops on his left not being advanced, and the Brigade on his right being somewhat in rear of the advance, his battalion had both flanks exposed. In spite of this, his coolness and personal bravery enabled him to hold on to the ground gained. The Germans repeatedly counter-attacked, in one instance directly from his left rear, and his position throughout the whole day was under a most severe artillery and machine-gun fire. Major Larsen constantly visited the most exposed parts of his lines and encouraged his men by his inspiring example.
Second Navy Cross citation
Citation:
The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting a Gold Star in lieu of a Second Award of the Navy Cross to Major Henry L. Larsen (MCSN: 0-540), United States Marine Corps, for distinguished service in the line of his profession as Brigade Inspector, Second Brigade, U.S. Marine Corps, in Nicaragua from 1 April 1928 to 26 March 1929. Major Larsen's duties in upbuilding and maintaining the morale of the forces, then engaged in a most difficult mission, were performed in a highly distinguished manner, always displaying zeal, activity, thorough understanding and discretion. His successful performance of these duties contributed greatly to the accomplishment of the mission of the naval forces engaged in the pacification of Nicaragua.
Personal life
On November 25, 1913, Larsen married Elizabeth Ammons, daughter of Elias M. Ammons, who served as governor of Colorado, in Denver, Colorado.
On October 2, 1962, Larsen died of a heart attack at his home in Denver, Colorado.
Larsen is interred with his wife Elizabeth Ammons Larsen (1893–1990) at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
External links
NH 62425 Admiral Nimitz and Major General Larsen on Guam
Lieutenant General Henry Louis Larsen at ArlingtonCemetery.net, an unofficial website
1890 births
1962 deaths
People from Denver
Writers from Chicago
Military personnel from Illinois
Governors of American Samoa
Governors of Guam
American military personnel of the Banana Wars
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War I
United States Marine Corps World War II generals
United States Marine Corps generals
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
English–French translators
English–Norwegian translators
English–Spanish translators
American textbook writers
American male non-fiction writers
United States civil defense
20th-century American translators
20th-century male writers
20th-century American male writers
Interpreters
Military personnel from Colorado
Jared Schuurmans (born August 20, 1987) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the discus throw. He holds a personal record of for the event, set in 2015. He was the American national discus champion in 2015.
Schuurmans won an NAIA discus title in 2010 while at Doane College. He was the silver medallist at the 2014 Pan American Sports Festival.
Career
Early life and college
Raised in Norfolk, Nebraska, the son of Gary and Connie Schuurmans, he was trained by his father, who was also an athlete. He attended Norfolk Senior High School. After having had an initial focus on the decathlon in his youth, he won state titles and set high school records in the discus throw. He studied history at Doane College and represented the school athletically.
In 2008 he ranked second in the discus at the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Championships and was in the top ten of the NAIA shot put both indoors and out. A new school record came at the start of the season and he raised his national profile with a second-place finish at the 2009 Drake Relays. He then improved to third in the shot put at the NAIA Outdoor Championships, but fell to fourth in the discus. He set a new best of in Crete, Nebraska that June and made his debut at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships two weeks later, finishing 19th overall. In his final year as a college athlete he achieved his best results. A new personal record of in the shot put brought him second at the 2010 NAIA Indoor Championships. An outdoor best of for second place followed at the NAIA Outdoor Championships, where he took his first collegiate title in the discus. He also moved up the national rankings with 16th at the 2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Early professional career
After graduation, Schuurmans continued with the discus throw on a professional basis. He achieved a personal record mark of in Chula Vista, California in April 2011. He failed to get near that mark at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, coming 16th with a throw of . The experience was an encouraging one for him, as he believed he could get close to the top of the sport with better preparation. He joined the National Athletic Institute's United States Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista in 2013 and began training with former Olympic discus champion Mac Wilkins – who had been a childhood idol of Schuurmans'. He was much improved that year, throwing beyond 200 feet on 24 occasions and ending the year with a new personal record of . This mark raised him to seventh place in the American seasonal rankings by Track and Field News. He was 51st on the world lists for 2013. Schuurmans' comparatively slim build for an American discus thrower led journalist Martin Bingisser to identify a trend towards smaller, more technique-led throwers in the country, with that year's American champion Lance Brooks being another example. Schuurmans also stated that throw practice was by far the most important part of his training for the sport, rather than weight training.
Schuurmans began to compete with greater consistency in 2014 and threw beyond sixty meters in nearly all his competitions that year. A new personal record of came in Chula Vista in April, but he also had several other throws beyond 63 meters that year. He was a national finalist for the first time at the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, ending in seventh place with the best of . With no World Championships or Olympics being held that year, he instead made his debut on the international track and field circuit, coming fourth at the Grande Premio Brasil Caixa de Atletismo in Brazil ahead of United States Olympian Jason Young. He earned his first national selection that year, being part of the team for the Pan American Sports Festival in Mexico. His throw of at the meeting brought him a silver medal behind only Cuba's Jorge Fernández, the reigning Pan American champion. Schuurmans ranked 33rd internationally for the season and fifth among American men.
First national title
He made his IAAF Diamond League debut in 2015 at the Prefontaine Classic, coming seventh among an international field. Schuurmans had a throw of in June which, although set in a windy venue, placed him as the favourite for the national championships, having also gone undefeated by an American at that point of the season. He followed expectation at the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, winning his first national title with a throw of . This also guaranteed his selection for the World Championships that year. Schuurmans threw to place 29th in 2015 World Championships in Athletics – Men's discus throw.
Personal records
Discus throw – (2015)
Shot put indoor – (2010)
Shot put outdoor – (2010)
Discus progression
2015:
2014:
2013:
2011:
2010:
2009:
2008:
2007:
National titles
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Discus throw: 2015
International competitions
Personal life
Jared lives in Portland, OR where he is a pro team sales manager for Kabuki Strength. He has two dogs. A Boston terrier named Mochi and a French Bulldog named Indiana Jones.
Jared has served on the committee for the Tortuga Pirate festival. He is the acting treasurer for the Pacific Northwest chapter of the festival.
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
People from Norfolk, Nebraska
Sportspeople from Nebraska
American male discus throwers
American male shot putters
Doane University alumni
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
Lists of medical abbreviations
Arthur Hudson (1882–1973) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1906 to 1910.
Early life
Arthur Hudson was born on 27 October 1882 in Gloucester.
Rugby union career
Hudson made his international debut on 13 January 1906 at Athletic Ground, Richmond in the England vs Wales match.
Of the 8 matches he played for his national side he was on the winning side on 4 occasions.
He played his final match for England on 3 March 1910 at Parc des Princes in the France vs England match.
International try record
Source for information in table below: Profile of Arthur Hudson at ESPN Scrum.com
References
1882 births
1973 deaths
English rugby union players
England international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Gloucester
Rugby union wings
Linda Burdette is a former head gymnastics coach at West Virginia University. She coached at WVU from 1975 to 2011, posting a 644-263-4 record. Starting in 1980, she coached her teams to 35 winning seasons. Her teams also reached the NCAA regionals 33 times. In 1995, 1999, and 2000, her teams qualified for the NCAA Nationals. She led her teams to four Atlantic 10 championships and six EAGL championships. She was a five time EAGL coach of the year winner, and served on the NCAA's Women's Gymnastics competition committee.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
College women's gymnastics coaches in the United States
Bodonal de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Tasek Gelugor or Tasek Glugor may refer to:
Tasek Gelugor
Tasek Gelugor (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Tasek Gelugor (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–86)
Suffolk County Community College (SCCC) is a public community college in Selden, New York. It is part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system and is funded in part by Suffolk County, New York. Suffolk County Community College was founded in 1959 and has three campuses: Selden, Brentwood and Riverhead. It also has two satellite centers in Sayville and downtown Riverhead.
The school was founded largely through the efforts of Albert Ammerman who was the college's president from its founding in December 1959 until 1983. In its first year it had 13 faculty with 171 full-time students at the Sachem High School in Ronkonkoma and 335 part-time students at Riverhead High School until what is now called the Ammerman campus opened in 1962 in the former Suffolk County Tuberculosis Sanatorium (originally built in 1912). By 1977 it had opened a campus in Riverhead and one on the edge of the Pilgrim Psychiatric Center in Brentwood.
Academics
The college offers the Associate in Arts (A.A.), Associate in Science (A.S.), and Associate in Applied Science (A.A.S.) degree, as well as a variety of certificate programs. Many students transfer to four-year colleges and universities to complete their baccalaureate degree after attending SCCC. Suffolk is now also partnered with Cornell University through the Pathways to Success Program which allows transfers directly into Cornell degree programs. Suffolk is also partnered with Stony Brook University and typically allows students with a 3.0 GPA and 24 credit hours to transfer.
Campuses
Ammerman Campus
The Ammerman campus at Selden opened in 1961. It is the largest, first, and main campus of Suffolk County Community College. Located off of Nicolls Road, it has become a landmark of Suffolk County. The main campus is the home to the majority of the sports teams as well. The site was previously a tuberculosis sanitarium.
Only two of the sanitorium's buildings remain (both of which were built by the Works Progress Administration in the 1930s)—Ammerman Building (the former William Hugh Ross Building for male patients) and Kreiling Hall (the former J.H. Marshall Building for children). School officials deny a persistent rumor that the basement of the Kreiling Hall was used as a morgue noting that the walk-in refrigerators there were used for a cafeteria. As of 2008 only three of the 10,000 Norway spruce and Scotch pine trees that landscaped the sanitarium's grounds remain.
Eastern Campus
The Eastern campus at Riverhead (actually in the hamlet of Northampton in the Town of Southampton with a Riverhead postal address) opened in 1977 on Speonk-Riverhead Road (CR 88), next to Riverhead-Moriches Road (CR 51). The Eastern campus is the college's smallest. The Eastern campus has really nice hiking trails that are utilized by some athletic courses.
Michael J. Grant Campus
The Michael J. Grant campus at Brentwood opened in 1974 and is the college's fastest growing. Bordered by Wicks Road, Community College Drive, and Crooked Hill Road (CR 13), the Grant campus is the sole home of the lacrosse, men's & women's track & field, men's & women's bowling, and men's & women's indoor track teams.
Downtown Sayville
The Sayville Downtown Center opened in 2006.
Downtown Riverhead
This satellite center is home to The Culinary Arts and Hospitality Center. It opened in 2008. The campus features a cafe that serves breakfast and lunch.
Athletics
The college's athletics program is a component of the college's co-curricular offerings. SCCC is a member of the National Junior College Athletic Association. Athletics take place on both the Ammerman and Grant campuses. Men's Intercollegiate sports teams include baseball, basketball, cross-country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, and tennis. Women's teams include soccer, basketball, cheerleading (co-ed), dance (co-ed), cross-country, swimming, softball, tennis, and volleyball. In addition, the office coordinates an intramural program for men and women.
In the 2003 the men's basketball team won the NJCAA Men's Division III Basketball Championship and the women's basketball team won the NJCAA Women's Basketball Division III Championship. The men repeated as champs in 2004.
In 2005 the women's soccer team was formed, where they placed first during the regular season in division III, region 15. Five members of the team made all region first team players- Angela F. Merante, DiAnna G. Dezego, Jaclyn A. Ciamillo, Jacqueline Papile, and Vanessa Thompson. Komi Afeto, their coach, was named coach of the year.
Art galleries
Suffolk County Community College has student exhibition galleries on each of its three main campuses. The gallery on the Ammerman Campus is the Maurice N. Flecker Memorial Gallery, located in the Southampton Building. The Lyceum Gallery, on the Eastern Campus features local and regional artists as well as student works. Gallery West, is located on The Michael J.Grant Campus and features an annual regional high school exhibition as well as student work.
Honor societies
SCCC has two honor societies, Phi Theta Kappa (ΦΘΚ) and Alpha Beta Gamma (ΑΒΓ).
Phi Theta Kappa (ΦΘΚ)
PTK membership is based primarily upon academic achievement.
Local Chapters:
Ammerman Campus-Alpha Zeta Nu (ΑΖΝ)
Eastern Campus-Alpha Eta Psi (ΑΗΨ)
Michael J. Grant Campus-Alpha Delta Gamma (ΑΔΓ)
Alpha Beta Gamma (ΑΒΓ)
ABG is an international business honor society established in 1970 to recognize and encourage scholarship among two-year college students in business curricula.
Local Chapters:
Ammerman Campus-Chi (Χ)
Eastern Campus-Beta Alpha (ΒΑ)
Grant Campus-Mu (Μ)
Notable people
Faculty
Maury Dean, Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame author (former)
Thomas Woods, historian (former)
Alumni
John Bolaris, television meteorologist and realtor
Danny Burawa, major league baseball pitcher
Patricia Eddington, former member of the New York State Assembly
Robert L. Gibson, former NASA astronaut
Sal Governale, writer for The Howard Stern Show (attended for one year)
Tom Postilio, real estate broker and television personality
Cletus Seldin, champion boxer
See also
Long Island Shakespeare Festival
References
External links
Official athletics website
Two-year colleges in the United States
Brookhaven, New York
Islip (town), New York
Riverhead (town), New York
SUNY community colleges
Universities and colleges on Long Island
Educational institutions established in 1959
Works Progress Administration in New York (state)
Universities and colleges in Suffolk County, New York
NJCAA athletics
1959 establishments in New York (state)
Sportvereniging Babberich is a Dutch football club based in Babberich which was founded in 1930. It competes in the Vijfde Klasse since 2017.
History
Located in a small village, Babberich managed to play in the Hoofdklasse from 1988 to 2012 and has won the National KNVB Amateur Cup in 1997. After local sponsors withdrew their financial support, the club fell down to the lower regions of the Dutch football pyramid.
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in the Netherlands
Association football clubs established in 1930
1930 establishments in the Netherlands
Football clubs in Gelderland
Zevenaar
Lomabad (, also Romanized as Lomābād) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,123, in 994 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Rostamdar Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Rostamdār Maḩalleh; also known as Rostamdārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Colorado Boulevard (or Colorado Street in Glendale and Arcadia) is a major east–west street in Southern California. It runs from Griffith Park in Los Angeles east through Glendale, the Eagle Rock section of Los Angeles, Pasadena, and Arcadia, ending in Monrovia. The full route was once various state highways but is now locally maintained in favor of the parallel Ventura Freeway (SR 134) and Foothill Freeway (I-210).
Route description
West end
The west end of Colorado Boulevard is composed of two segments: a disconnected surface street segment of Colorado Boulevard, and the Colorado Street Freeway Extension. Colorado Boulevard begins at a cul-de-sac near the Los Angeles River in Los Angeles and continues east. The road passes on/off-ramps to the eastbound Colorado Street Freeway Extension, and Edenhurst Avenue, which provides access to the westbound freeway. The segment terminates at West San Fernando Road near the Los Angeles-Glendale city limits, and picks up across the railroad corridor at San Fernando Road in the city of Glendale as Colorado Street.
The Colorado Street Freeway Extension begins at Interstate 5 (Golden State Freeway) as a short freeway spur, originally carrying State Route 134 until it was moved north onto the Ventura Freeway, but is still maintained by Caltrans. After crossing the Los Angeles River, there is an eastbound interchange with Colorado Boulevard (signed as Edenhurst Avenue), a westbound interchange with Edenhurst Avenue, and an eastbound interchange with Elk Avenue (signed as San Fernando Road). The freeway then terminates at Colorado Street in Glendale. Traffic exiting the Colorado Street Freeway Extension cannot turn west onto Colorado Street, but eastbound traffic from Colorado Street can enter the freeway. The freeway's entrances are signed as entrances to Interstate 5.
At the east border of Glendale, Colorado Street becomes Colorado Boulevard as it crosses State Route 2 (Glendale Freeway) into Los Angeles (specifically, the neighborhood of Eagle Rock). Another short freeway spur splits west of the intersection with Figueroa Street, heading northeast to the Ventura Freeway. This spur also carried SR 134 after the Ventura Freeway was built to the east but before it was built west of the split with the spur. After crossing Figueroa Street, Colorado Boulevard splits from Linda Vista Avenue and then passes over the Arroyo Seco on the Colorado Street Bridge into Pasadena.
Through Pasadena
In Pasadena, Colorado Boulevard crosses the short State Route 710 spur and forms the north end of State Route 110 (Arroyo Parkway). Colorado Street, renamed "Boulevard" in 1958, runs through Old Town Pasadena from Arroyo Parkway to Orange Grove Boulevard. It is the north–south zero axis of the street grid in Pasadena (the east–west axis is Fair Oaks Avenue). The Tournament of Roses parade route travels north on Orange Grove Avenue then east along Colorado Boulevard as far as Sierra Madre Boulevard, where it heads north to Victory Park. Most major Pasadena attractions are found along or within one block of Colorado Boulevard. Pasadena City College is located at 1570 E. Colorado Boulevard. The street was mentioned in Jan and Dean's 1964 hit song The Little Old Lady from Pasadena. The road leaves the city into unincorporated East Pasadena, where it intersects Rosemead Boulevard (Former State Route 19), all while formerly signed as California State Route 248.
Through Arcadia and Monrovia
Colorado Boulevard becomes Colorado Street as it crosses Michillinda Avenue from East Pasadena into Arcadia. Through Arcadia, the street parallels the Foothill Freeway, providing access to many of the neighborhoods in west Arcadia; freeway access is provided via a separated interchange with Baldwin Avenue. Colorado Street then turns southeast and splits into two streets—Colorado Boulevard, which continues east, and Colorado Place, a short segment of old US 66 that goes southeast to merge with Huntington Drive near the Santa Anita Racetrack.
From the split, Colorado Boulevard (originally named Orange Street) becomes a primarily residential street, with some commercial zones near Santa Anita Avenue in Arcadia. The street passes under the Foothill Freeway between First and Second Streets in Arcadia with no access, in front of Monrovia High School, and through Old Town Monrovia before ending at Shamrock Avenue at Recreation Park in Monrovia. (This segment of Shamrock Avenue was once part of an early alignment of US 66 and had been named Foothill Boulevard.)
The Santa Anita Depot, built in 1890 to serve Lucky Baldwin, and the people of Rancho Santa Anita, was located at Colorado Boulevard and Old Ranch Road. It was moved to the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden during the construction of the 210 Foothill Freeway in 1970.
History
The most original portion of Colorado Boulevard ran from Orange Grove Boulevard to Broadway, now Arroyo Parkway. This portion of the street always contained many shops, banks, hotels, and major commercial industries. By the late 19th century, this part of Colorado had become so popular, it was becoming a traffic bottleneck, and as early as May 1900 there were public outcries to the City Council to widen the road. It wasn't until 1929 that the City undertook the major and unprecedented task of cutting back the buildings along Colorado on each side. This undertaking created a monumental amount of legal red tape as well as many engineering dilemmas which were handled with amazing results. At the same time many of the Victorian facings on the buildings were replaced with Spanish and Art Deco designs.
The Colorado Street Railway began operations in Pasadena on November 9, 1886, bringing mass transit to the street via the new horsecar service. The line was electrified in 1903 and was eventually absorbed into the Pacific Electric system. The Lamanda Park Line and other local services operated in the center of the roadway until January 19, 1941.
Colorado Street and Colorado Boulevard carried pre-1964 Legislative Route 161 from its west end to the merge with Huntington Drive (via Colorado Place). This was signed as State Route 134 west of Figueroa Street, U.S. Route 66 Alternate (US 66 before the end of 1940) from Figueroa Street to Arroyo Parkway, and U.S. Route 66 from Arroyo Parkway to Huntington Drive.
In 1954, the Colorado Freeway was opened between Holly Street in Pasadena and Eagle Vista Drive and Colorado Boulevard in Eagle Rock to help alleviate traffic congestion due to the narrow Colorado Street Bridge over the Arroyo Seco. The new freeway connected the two communities until 1971, when the entire freeway was closed and upgraded, as well as partially rerouted as the new Ventura Freeway. A short segment of the original Colorado Freeway remains as an on-ramp/off-ramp between Colorado Boulevard in Eagle Rock and the Figueroa Street off-ramp of the present Ventura Freeway.
In the 1964 renumbering, LR 161 remained State Route 134 west of Pasadena, though this was being moved to the new alignment (now the Ventura Freeway); until the freeway was completed through Pasadena in the mid-1970s, Colorado Boulevard was still signed as State Route 134 between Orange Grove Avenue and Arroyo Parkway. Through and east of Pasadena, LR 161 became State Route 248, but was signed as US 66 and continued east on Huntington Drive to the interchange with Interstate 210 (Foothill Freeway) in Monrovia. In 1965, this was to be deleted when I-210 was completed.
The US 66 shields began to come down along the length of Route 248 in 1975, soon after Interstate 210 was completed through Pasadena. SR 248 was never signed as such, though it did appear on some maps in the 1970s and 1980s. The segment within the city of Pasadena was deleted from the state highway system in 1986. The rest was removed in 1992. Along with the moving of SR 134 to the Ventura Freeway, this resulted in Colorado Street and Colorado Boulevard becoming a local road.
Transit
Colorado Boulevard is served by several bus routes, operated by Metro and suburban systems. Metro Local line 180 serves most of Colorado Boulevard, running between Hollywood and Pasadena. Also, Foothill Transit line 187 serves parts of Colorado Boulevard, beginning in Old Pasadena. LADOT DASH Eagle Rock/Highland Park serves most of Colorado Boulevard in Eagle Rock. Glendale Transit line 6 serves Colorado Street in Glendale.
Controversies
Metro has identified Colorado Boulevard as a potential bus rapid transit corridor, part of a line between North Hollywood station and Pasadena approved in 2016's Measure M. The bus rapid transit project would need to include removable components to allow for the annual staging of the Rose Parade. Some local residents fear increased traffic congestion due to the proposed bus rapid transit route, while others support increasing access to high-quality transit.
In popular culture
The street is mentioned in the 1964 Jan & Dean single The Little Old Lady (from Pasadena), with the protagonist described as the "terror of Colorado Boulevard."
See also
References
External links
Streets in Los Angeles County, California
Streets in Los Angeles
Streets in Pasadena, California
Streets in the San Gabriel Valley
Transportation in Glendale, California
Boulevards in the United States
Arcadia, California
Monrovia, California
Southern California freeways
U.S. Route 66 in California
Galactik Fiestamatik is the second studio album of Filipino singer, Rico Blanco. It was released on 2012, and was also his last release with Warner Music Philippines.
Track listing
Bonus tracks
References
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/galactik-fiestamatik-bonus/id541517935
2012 albums
Rico Blanco albums
(Come, Holy Spirit), K. 47, is a sacred composition for choir and orchestra by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. He wrote it in Vienna in 1768 at age 12. He scored the work in C major for mixed choir SATB with a few solo lines, orchestra and organ. The text is a Pentecostal antiphon, (For invoking the Holy Spirit), which begins with the same words as the sequence , but continues differently. Mozart added the subtitle Offertorium, mentioning the intended use during the offertory of a church service. The beginning of the words suggests Pentecost, but the general call for the Holy Spirit seems more likely to have been composed in the fall.
The work is structured in two parts, the text of the antiphon and an extended Alleluia. The first part is in time and marked Allegro, the second in time and marked Presto. The choir sings for most of the time, only occasionally interspersed by solo lines which are always set for two voices. The orchestral parts are for two oboes, two horns, two trumpets, timpani, strings and organ. The music is influenced by his teachers Leopold Mozart, Michael Haydn and Johann Ernst Eberlin.
The Alleluia is sometimes performed independently.
External links
Compositions by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
1768 compositions
Compositions in C major
Brusturoasa is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Brusturoasa, Buruieniș, Buruienișu de Sus, Camenca, Cuchiniș and Hângănești.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Marián Gáborík (; born 14 February 1982) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey right winger. He began his playing career in the Slovak Extraliga with Dukla Trenčín for two seasons before being drafted third overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild, becoming the highest-drafted Slovak player in National Hockey League (NHL) history until Juraj Slafkovský who was drafted 1st overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2022 NHL Entry Draft. He was the Wild's first-ever draft pick and would score the team's first-ever regular season goal.
Gáborík spent eight seasons with the Wild, becoming the team's all-time leading goal scorer (still holds that record as of the end of the 2020–21 NHL season), before signing with the New York Rangers in 2009. He has also played for the Columbus Blue Jackets, Los Angeles Kings, and Ottawa Senators in the NHL. Gáborík won the Stanley Cup with the Kings, defeating his former team, the Rangers, in the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals.
Internationally, Gáborík is a two-time Olympian with Slovakia and has won a bronze medal at the 1999 World Junior Championships.
Playing career
Dukla Trenčín (1998–2000)
Gáborík played with Dukla Trenčín's junior team and scored 59 points over 36 games in 1997–98. That same season, he appeared in one Slovak Extraliga game with Dukla Trenčín's men's team, scoring a goal in his professional debut. The following season, in 1998–99, he joined Dukla Trenčín in the Slovak Extraliga full-time and registered 20 points over 33 games as a rookie. Gáborík then improved to 46 points in 50 games the following season in his draft year.
Minnesota Wild (2000–2009)
Gáborík was the first-ever draft pick for the expansion Minnesota Wild, drafted with the third overall pick in the first round of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft after Rick DiPietro and Dany Heatley. Gáborík immediately showed promise during his rookie season with the Wild, scoring the team's first ever regular season goal en route to collecting 18 goals and 36 points for the expansion Wild. He elevated his game the following season, in 2001–02, notching his first 30-goal season and nearly doubling his rookie output to 67 points. He also recorded his first career NHL hat-trick near the beginning of the season on 13 November 2001. In 2002–03, Gáborík was named to his first NHL All-Star Game and won the fastest skater competition, lapping the rink in 13.713 seconds. He notched 30 goals for the second consecutive season, but more importantly helped lead the Wild to their first Stanley Cup playoffs appearance. He capped off his third NHL season with 17 points in 18 games as part of a run to the Western Conference Finals.
Contractual issues kept Gáborík from starting the 2003–04 season with the Wild, as his initial entry-level contract came to an end in the off-season. Holding out with Dukla Trenčín, his agent, Allan Walsh, asserted that Gáborík would not take less than $6.5 million a year. After switching agents three times, Gáborík eventually agreed to a three-year, $10 million contract with the Wild on 31 October 2003. Limited to 65 games that season, he recorded 18 goals and 40 points. Due to the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Gáborík again returned to Dukla Trenčín, where he dominated with 52 points in 29 games. He also saw time with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Elitserien.
As NHL play resumed in 2005–06, Gáborík took another step forward, becoming a point-per-game player with 38 goals and 66 points in a 65-game season limited by a groin injury. His season was shortened once more the following season in 2006–07, re-injuring his groin on 20 October 2006, against the Anaheim Ducks. Despite a 10- to 14-day estimated recovery time, he did not return to the lineup until 6 January 2007, against the Colorado Avalanche two-and-a-half months later. Although Gáborík missed 34 games, he still managed a second consecutive 30-goal season to go with 57 points overall.
On 20 December 2007, Gáborík recorded a six-point game against the New York Rangers with five goals and an assist. This made him the first player in Wild history to score five goals in a game, as well as the first NHLer since Sergei Fedorov of the Detroit Red Wings did so, 11 years earlier (on 26 December 1996, against the Washington Capitals). At mid-season, he was chosen to his second NHL All-Star Game and would go on to record personal bests of 42 goals, 41 assists and 83 points. Gáborík finished his career year as team captain for the Wild in March 2008. It was the first time in his career he was chosen as part of the team's monthly rotating captaincy.
Entering the final year of his contract with the Wild in 2008–09, the Wild began negotiations early to re-sign Gáborík. A ten-year, $80 million deal was turned down by Gáborík, and the Wild consequently began entertaining trade offers from NHL teams. His playing time with the Wild was limited in his final year after being sidelined early in the season with a lower-body injury before undergoing hip surgery in January 2009. He returned to the lineup on 21 March 2009, against the Edmonton Oilers and finished the season with 23 points in 17 games.
Gáborík was unable to sign a new contract with the Wild in the 2009 off-season. He left the Wild after eight seasons as its last original player and as the club's all-time leader in goals, assists and points.
New York Rangers (2009–2013)
Leading up to the free agency period, Gáborík was speculated to have interest in signing with the Vancouver Canucks after The Province reported he had recently bought a home in West Vancouver in the 2009 off-season. Nevertheless, Gáborík signed as an unrestricted free agent with the New York Rangers on the first day of free agency on 1 July 2009. The Rangers signed him to a reported $37.5 million contract over five years.
Gáborík got off to a quick start with his new club, scoring 10 goals in his first 12 games. Nearly a month into the season, he suffered a knee injury after colliding with former Ranger Petr Průcha in a game against the Phoenix Coyotes on 26 October 2009. He missed two games, including what would have been his first game back in Minnesota against the Wild. Gáborík was injured for a second time in the season when his right leg was cut by team goaltender Henrik Lundqvist during a team practice on 9 February 2010. Though the Rangers missed the 2010 playoffs, Gáborík did not disappoint in his first season with the team; he played in 76 games, matching his career high with 42 goals, and set a new career high in points with 86.
Gáborík's second season with the Rangers, in 2010–11, was hampered by injury. Just three games into the season, he suffered a shoulder injury after receiving an illegal boarding hit in a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs. The injury caused him to miss nearly a month, and, upon his return, limited his playing style, which relies on his tremendous wrist shot. Perhaps due to lingering effects from his various ailments, Gáborík proved a streaky scorer throughout the season and finished with 22 goals and 26 assists in 62 games, though 12 of those goals came in four games. His best game of the season was on 19 January 2011, when Gáborík scored four goals and an assist in a 7–0 win over the Toronto Maple Leafs. For the first time since Gáborík had joined the team, the Rangers qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs with a 5–2 win over the rival New Jersey Devils in the final game of the season. Gáborík contributed an assist on the game-winning goal, and a plus-minus rating of +2 during the game.
On 29 January 2012, Gáborík was named the MVP of the 59th NHL All-Star Game in Ottawa.
On 3 May 2012, shortly after midnight, Gáborík scored a triple-overtime game winner against the Washington Capitals in game 3 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals, giving the Rangers a 2-1 lead in the series, whilst ending one of the longest playoff games in Rangers history.
On the commencement of the lockout-shortened 2012–13 season, Gáborík, who remained idle during the labour dispute, struggled to recapture his previous scoring pace with New York, often overshadowed by the addition of Rick Nash to the Rangers.
Columbus Blue Jackets (2013–2014)
After scoring nine goals in 35 games, Gáborík was dealt at the trade deadline on 3 April 2013, along with minor league players Blake Parlett and Steven Delisle, to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Derick Brassard, Derek Dorsett, John Moore and a sixth-round draft pick. The following night, Gáborík made his debut with the Blue Jackets and immediately made an impact, scoring the game-winning goal and earning an assist in a victory over the Nashville Predators. Gáborík then scored for Columbus in their opening game of the 2013–14 season, a 4–3 loss to the Calgary Flames.
Los Angeles Kings and Ottawa Senators (2014–2018)
Gáborík was traded to the Los Angeles Kings on 5 March 2014, in exchange for forward Matt Frattin, a second-round draft pick and a conditional third-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. The Kings' acquisition of Gáborík paid dividends in the 2014 playoffs, as he went on to lead the playoffs with 14 goals and contributed to the Kings' effort in capturing their second Stanley Cup in three years, prevailing over his former club, the New York Rangers.
On 25 June 2014, Gáborík, as a pending free agent, opted to remain with the Kings in signing a seven-year, $34.125 million contract. In the 2014–15 season, Gaborik would put up 27 goals for 47 points point in 69 games with the Kings. Over the next 3 seasons, his goal–scoring would drop and injuries would take their toll on him
On 15 December 2017, Gáborík played his 1,000th career NHL game. Gáborík recorded two points in a 4–2 win to the Rangers.
However, 2 months later, on 13 February 2018, Gáborík and Nick Shore were traded to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for Dion Phaneuf and Nate Thompson.
Gáborík underwent surgery to repair a herniated disk in his back on 5 April 2018. The 2017–18 season would prove to be his last, as he did not play the following three seasons after being placed on the injured reserve list.
On 27 December 2020, Gaborik's rights were traded along with goaltender Anders Nilsson from Ottawa to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for defenseman Braydon Coburn, forward Cédric Paquette, and a 2022 second-round draft pick. This was viewed as a move to allow Tampa Bay to be cap compliant for the 2020–21 NHL season.
On November 4, 2021, Gaborik officially announced his retirement from the NHL.
Charity
Gáborík has used his success to benefit Slovak ice hockey and player development. In 2005, he opened his ice rink Arena Mariána Gáboríka in his native city of Trenčín at a personal cost of approximately 50 million Slovak korunas. The ice rink provides the opportunity to both learn how to skate and play ice hockey for local youth, and also contains both a full fitness center for off-ice conditioning and accommodations so that participants in programs may stay overnight. The rink earned the distinction of 2005 Construction of the Year in Trenčín. Beginning in 2009, Gáborík's ice rink has also begun offering a hockey school program.
Of the rink, Gáborík says:
Gáborík spends a lot of personal time pursuing this endeavor during the off-season, as he personally attends each of his hockey school's summer camp sessions to meet the campers and pose for photographs.
Gáborík has also founded the Marian Gaborik Foundation, which also supports his mission of expanding access to youth hockey in Slovakia.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Bold indicates led league
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trenčín
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Färjestad BK players
HK Dukla Trenčín players
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Los Angeles Kings players
Minnesota Wild draft picks
Minnesota Wild players
National Hockey League All-Stars
National Hockey League first round draft picks
New York Rangers players
Olympic ice hockey players of Slovakia
Ottawa Senators players
Slovak ice hockey forwards
Stanley Cup champions
Slovak television presenters
Theodore Blunt (born March 22, 1943) is an American politician, educator, and former athlete. Blunt's political career in the state of Delaware included serving 16 years as a Wilmington District Councilman and eight years as city council president.
Early life and education
Blunt was born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is one of four children born to Helen and John Blunt. Ted and his family were no strangers to hardships and difficult times. Growing up in the James Weldon Johnson Housing Projects in North Philadelphia, the family developed their shared belief in hard work, persistence and a strong family bond.
He graduated from Simon Gratz High School in Philadelphia and Winston-Salem Teachers College (now Winston-Salem State University. WSSU) with a Bachelor of Science degree in elementary education. Three years later, Blunt graduated from Rutgers University with a Master of Social Work.
Career
Sports
Blunt's athletic achievements in high school included making All Public Teams in both basketball and soccer as well as being the Markward Club's Public League's Most Valuable Player in Basketball his senior year.
At WSSU, his athletic accomplishments as a basketball player included:
1961 to 1965 All C.I.A.A. Conference and Tournament teams
1963 C.I.A.A. Tournament Most Valuable Player Award
1963 and 1964 Georgia Invitational All Tournament teams
1963 and 1964 Georgia Invitational Most Valuable Player awards
1964 and 1965 All N.A.I.A. teams
1964 selected to participate on the N.A.I.A. Olympic Trials Basketball Team
Notably, along with teammate Earl "the Pearl" Monroe, Blunt's stellar basketball career was led by his mentor and coach, the legendary Clarence "Big House" Gaines.
In 2012, Blunt was honored as the Inaugural Inductee into the Delaware Blue/Gold Basketball Hall of Fame.
Early career
His professional career started in Philadelphia as a Juvenile Gang Worker and immediately after graduate school he worked as a group therapist at Temple University. In 1969, Ted and his family moved to Wilmington, Delaware, where he served as a director for Peoples Settlement Association. His desire to improve the lives of young people was further realized in the field of education, where he served as a central office administrator for 36 years of credited service in three different school districts (Wilmington, New Castle County and the Red Clay Consolidated School Districts).
Politics
In 1985 Blunt was elected to the Wilmington City Council; he served on the Finance, Expenditure Review, Bond and the Audit Committees. He also served on the Cablevision Commission, the Board of Pensions and Retirement, the Home Ownership Corporation, and the Port Authority. In 2000 Blunt was elected President of the Wilmington City Council and Chairman of the Wilmington Cable Commission. Under Blunt's leadership funding was made available for student scholarships citywide, operating hours for five community centers were extended and Wilmington's elementary schools received funds to address the needs of at-risk students.
In 2008, Blunt announced that he would seek the office of lieutenant governor. He would later suspend his campaign citing the following: The need to unify the Party; the lack of campaign finance reform and the high cost of running campaigns; and most importantly the desire to spend more time with family.
Personal life
Over the years, Blunt has supported WSSU with his time and also contributions. Consistent with his focus on education and giving back, in 2010, Blunt fully repaid his alma mater for his four-year scholarship. He presented WSSU a lump-sum check in the amount of $6,400. His daughter, Lisa Blunt Rochester, was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2016.
In 2011, celebrating 50 years of marriage, Ted and his high school sweetheart, Alice LaTrelle (Jackson) renewed their wedding vows in the presence of their children and grandchildren.
References
1943 births
Living people
Delaware Democrats
Delaware city council members
African-American people in Delaware politics
Politicians from Philadelphia
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
People from Wilmington, Delaware
Rutgers University alumni
Winston-Salem State University alumni
20th-century African-American politicians
21st-century African-American politicians
Sala Mihai Viteazu is an indoor arena in Bucharest, Romania. Its best known tenant is the men's basketball club Steaua CSM EximBank București.
References
Sport in Bucharest
Indoor arenas in Romania
Basketball venues in Romania
Séraphin Cherrier (November 7, 1762 – June 13, 1843) was a merchant and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Richelieu in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1815 to 1820.
He was born in Longueuil, the son of François-Pierre Cherrier and Marie Dubuc, and was educated at the Collège Saint-Raphaël in Montréal. He practised medicine at Saint-Denis where he was also in business. Cherrier was choirmaster there from 1813 to 1819. In 1785, he married Marie-Louise Loubet. Cherrier was elected to the assembly in an 1815 by-election held after the results of the 1814 election were declared invalid. He did not run for reelection in 1820. He died at Saint-Denis at the age of 80.
His brother Benjamin-Hyacinthe-Martin and his nephew Côme-Séraphin Cherrier also served in the assembly. His sister Rosalie married Joseph Papineau and his sister Périne-Charles married Denis Viger.
References
1762 births
1843 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada
The Treaty of Dewitts Corner ended the initial Overhill Cherokee targeted attacks on colonial settlements that took place at the beginning of the American Revolution. A peace document signed by the Cherokee and South Carolina, the treaty instead laid the foundation for the decades long Cherokee–American wars fought between the European-Americans and the Chickamauga Cherokee people.
Background
In 1773 the Treaty of Augusta, which was initiated at the request of both Cherokee and Creek Indians, ceded more than 2,000,000 tribal acres in Georgia to relieve Indian indebtedness to white traders. In 1775 the Overhill Cherokee had been persuaded at the Treaty of Sycamore Shoals to sell an enormous tract of land in central Kentucke to settlers from the colonies; specifically, the Transylvania Land Company operating out of the Province of Virginia. Although these agreements violated British law, they nevertheless became the basis for a colonial takeover of those areas.
Unexpected attacks
Feeling threatened by colonial encroachment upon their hunting grounds, the Cherokee joined with tribes from the north (the Shawnee, Delaware, and Mohawk) in the Spring and Summer of 1776 to raid frontier settlements in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Virginia in an effort to push settlers from their lands.
By July 1776, Chiefs Dragging Canoe and Ostenaco had gathered a force of 600-700 Cherokee warriors, who attacked Eaton's Station and Ft. Watauga in surprise, coordinated actions. Both of these assaults failed. These raids were part of a series of attacks perpetrated by Cherokee and their northern allies; as well as their southern Muscogee and Choctaw allies on all the "over mountain" settlements (colonial enclave settlements located west of the Appalachian Mountains). The frontier-wide attacks, however, elicited a vigorous response from both militia and regulars from the southern colonies, which largely took place during September and October of that year.
Colonial response
Major Colonel Andrew Williamson led a large force of South Carolina Continental Army troops and militia on an expedition against the Indians, destroying most of their towns east of the mountains, and then joined with the North Carolina militia (including Colonels Joseph Hardin and Francis Locke), to do the same in that state, taking part in the coordinated attack which later became known as the Rutherford Light Horse expedition, at the end of which Cherokee regional power was broken; their crops and villages destroyed; and their warriors largely dispersed.
The treaty
Defeated in skirmishes and with their towns in ruins, most of the Cherokee town leaders thereafter sought peace. Several Beloved Men traveled to Charleston to negotiate a peace. In May 1777, Colonel Williamson led a South Carolina delegation to Dewitt's Corner, near present-day Due West in Abbeville County to settle the requested peace terms. Georgia also sent delegates. As a result of the treaty negotiations, the Cherokee were forced to surrender vast tracts of territory in North Carolina and South Carolina.
The Treaty of Dewitt's Corner differed from previous Cherokee treaties, in that this time, South Carolina dictated its terms to an enemy defeated in combat. The victorious colonials set a boundary line between South Carolina and the Cherokee running along the crest of Oconee Mountain, and mandated that American law had precedence over Cherokee law in dealings between the two peoples. The Cherokee lost nearly all of their land in South Carolina. Most of present-day Anderson, Greenville, Oconee, and Pickens Counties comprise lands given up by the Indians in the treaties. In return, South Carolina pledged to regulate trade and travel moving into and out of the remaining Cherokee territories in their jurisdiction.
Aftermath
By the end of 1776, the majority of the Cherokee people wished to make peace with the American colonists. Following the signing of the Treaty of Dewitt's Corner, Dragging Canoe and his large group of followers moved further down the Tennessee River away from the historic Overhill settlements in order to resist the colonials from a more secure position. They settled in the Chickamauga Creek area (near present-day Chattanooga), an association which caused them for a time to be referred to as the "Chickamauga Cherokee."
Notes
1777 treaties
United States and Native American treaties
History of the Cherokee
Native American history of South Carolina
Abdollahabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Population
At the 2006 census, its population was 998, in 266 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Populated places in Iran
On April 2, 2014, a shooting spree was perpetrated at several locations on the Fort Hood military base near Killeen, Texas. Four people, including the gunman, were killed while 14 additional people were injured; 12 by gunshot wounds. The shooter, 34-year-old Army Specialist Ivan Lopez, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Shootings
Immediately prior to the shooting, Lopez went to the 49th Transportation Battalion administrative office where he tried to obtain a ten-day leave form so he could attend to "family matters". However, he was informed that he would have to come back later to retrieve it, sparking a verbal altercation between him and several other soldiers. The request was ultimately denied because Lopez had already secured housing in an apartment in Killeen.
Lopez then went outside to smoke a cigarette, at approximately 4:00 p.m., he returned and opened fire with a .45-caliber Smith & Wesson M&P pistol inside the same building. He injured three soldiers: PFC Wilfred, Sanchez, Sgt. Jonathan Westbrook, and SFC Warren Hardnett, all of whom had been involved in the altercation with Lopez. Lopez also killed Sgt. First Class Daniel Ferguson while he was barricading a conference room door that was unable to be locked to prevent Lopez from gaining entry to harm anyone that was inside the conference room.
He then got into his car and drove slowly to a motor pool building to which he had been assigned, firing at two soldiers and wounding one of them along the way on 73rd Street. Upon reaching the building, Lopez fired at a soldier inside the office, but missed her and grazed the head of another soldier. He then killed Sgt. Timothy Owens when Sgt. Owens approached him and tried to talk him down, and wounded another soldier. He then moved on to the building's vehicle bay area, where he injured two soldiers, after which his weapon misfired. Lopez then proceeded to the 1st Medical Brigade headquarters in his car.
Along the way, he fired a round into a car occupied by two soldiers, wounding the passenger. Reaching the intersection of 73rd Street and Motorpool Road, Lopez shot at two other soldiers, but missed both of them. Reaching the medical building, Lopez shot and wounded 1st Lt. John Arroyo Jr., in the throat as he was walking outside in the western parking lot. He then entered the building and fatally shot a soldier at the main entrance desk, Staff Sgt. Carlos Lazaney-Rodriguez; he also wounded two other soldiers inside. Then, Lopez walked down the main hallway, wounded another soldier, and exited through a doorway.
Approximately eight minutes after the shooting first started, Lopez drove to the parking lot of another building, Building 39002, where he was confronted by an unidentified military police officer, with whom he had a verbal exchange. When he brandished his weapon, the officer fired a shot at him that missed. Lopez responded by committing suicide, shooting himself in the right side of the head with his own pistol. A total of 34 rounds were fired during the shooting spree: eleven at the administrative office, nine at the motor pool building, five at the medical building, and nine from inside his car. It was later revealed that Lopez, who was in uniform at the time of the shooting, wasn't authorized to carry a concealed firearm.
Victims
Three people were killed in the shooting, excluding the gunman. They were identified as:
Aftermath
During the shooting, the Bell County Communications Center dispatched deputies and troopers from the Texas Department of Public Safety to the nearby post after receiving reports of an "active shooter", sheriff's Lt. Donnie Adams said. Federal Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Michelle Lee said its agents were also headed to the scene. The base confirmed the shooting in a brief statement posted online on April 2, 2014. On its Twitter feed and Facebook page, Fort Hood officials ordered everyone on base to "shelter in place" during the shooting.
All of the injured victims were taken to Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center, for initial treatment and stabilization. Once they were stabilized they were then transferred to Scott & White Memorial Hospital where they received further care. As of April 10, twelve of the sixteen wounded had been released from the hospitals and returned to duty, while the other four remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Reacting to the incident, President Barack Obama said at a fundraiser in Chicago that he was left "heartbroken" and assured that the events would be investigated. The base was previously the scene of a mass shooting in 2009, in which 13 people were killed and more than 30 wounded. One week after the shooting, Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama traveled to Fort Hood to attend a ceremony honoring the victims.
On April 16, discussion was renewed over if soldiers should be allowed to carry concealed firearms on military bases in Texas and other states.
On January 23, 2015, the Army concluded from an investigation into the shooting that there was no indication of a possibility of violent behavior from Lopez through his medical and personnel records. A report on the investigation cited that Lopez's commanders knew very little of his personal difficulties and would have provided him with help had he disclosed these difficulties. It also highlighted gaps in information sharing, as Lopez's supervisors believed they were unable to obtain his personal information due to federal medical privacy laws. Previously, in the wake of the aforementioned 2009 Fort Hood shooting, information sharing regarding medical history was among 78 recommendations suggested identifying the risk of violent behavior. However, this recommendation was not implemented due to "constraints on exchanging information between military and civilian behavioral health care providers". The 2015 report recommended improvements with the level of contact between commanders and their newly assigned soldiers, and that soldiers should register personally owned weapons with their commanders.
Perpetrator
Ivan A. Lopez-Lopez (October 23, 1979 – April 2, 2014) was an Iraq War veteran who was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico. He enlisted in the Puerto Rico National Guard on January 4, 1999, but was unable to pass a required English language course and was subsequently discharged on November 30 of the same year. Lopez reenlisted on April 30, 2003, as an infantryman and served until 2010. He served on active duty in the United States Army in June 2008. He was married and had four children, two of them from a previous marriage.
Service in the U.S. Army
Lopez was a specialist, and at the time of the shooting, he was assigned to the 13th Sustainment Command, a logistics and support unit at Fort Hood. He was previously assigned in Fort Bliss, but was transferred to another base for four months, then moved to Fort Hood two months prior to the shooting. Lopez previously reported at Fort Hood in 2006 during his time in the Puerto Rico National Guard, where he was given orders to deploy to Egypt from February 15, 2007, to February 10, 2008.
From August 6 to December 18, 2011, Lopez served a tour in Iraq, participating in Operation New Dawn as security detail. On or about December 12, his convoy was involved in a roadside bombing. Though Lopez would allege that he had experiences in direct combat in Iraq and cited the bombing of his convoy, investigators determined he was not within the blast radius of the bomb used.
On November 29, 2013, he began receiving MOS reclassification training at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, graduating three months later. During his time there, he attempted to purchase a weapon on two occasions. On the second occasion, Lopez was persuaded by a classmate to reconsider the purchase.
Motives for the shooting
Lopez was allegedly distraught over financial issues and the deaths of his grandfather and then his mother during a two-month period five months prior to the shooting. He was also undergoing regular psychiatric treatment for depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress disorder. He tried to take leave in order to attend his mother's funeral in Puerto Rico. It took five days for the leave to be approved, but he was only allowed to be absent for 24 hours, which allegedly upset him. The leave was eventually extended to two days. More recently, Lopez had asked for a transfer, claiming that he was "being taunted and picked on" by other soldiers in his unit.
During a press conference on the day of the shooting, Fort Hood Commander Mark A. Milley stated that Lopez died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. On March 1, 2014, over one month prior to the shooting, Lopez purchased the weapon used in the shooting from Guns Galore, the same store where Nidal Malik Hasan, the convicted perpetrator of the Fort Hood shooting in 2009, originally purchased his own weapon. Lopez's weapon was not registered with the installation. He had previously purchased a firearm of the same model, unregistered with the installation, on February 23, although he reported it stolen on March 1, the same day he bought a replacement. During that same month, he had seen a psychologist and was prescribed Ambien for a sleeping problem.
In his Facebook account, Lopez made posts in which he alleged that he was robbed by two men and also criticized Adam Lanza, the perpetrator of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012. Lopez also described his experiences in direct combat during his tour in Iraq, although military officials confirmed that Lopez did not experience any direct combat. A Facebook page created by Lopez claimed that he was a sniper who had been to the Central African Republic.
On March 24, Lopez's battalion began tracking a ten-day permissive temporary duty (PTDY) request he made immediately after arriving to Fort Hood so he could help his family relocate to an apartment in Killeen, as his current one was burglarized. He was given a four-day pass by his acting sergeant, who informed him that he would receive PTDY after his return. Lopez took the pass from March 27 to March 30. He returned to Fort Hood on March 31, though when he received the PTDY form, it was filled with errors and Lopez had to resubmit it with corrections. Though the corrected form was signed, it did not have a control number, which is reported to have led to the conflict in the 49th Transportation Battalion office that sparked the shooting.
See also
2009 Fort Hood shooting, a fatal shooting in the same area in 2009 where 13 were killed and more than 30 were injured
Washington Navy Yard shooting, a mass shooting committed in 2013 at the United States Naval Sea Systems Command
2015 Chattanooga shootings, a spree shooting committed in 2015 at two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee
Luby's shooting, another mass shooting in Killeen, Texas
References
2014 in military history
2014 in Texas
2014 mass shootings in the United States
2014 murders in the United States
21st-century history of the United States Army
April 2014 crimes in the United States
April 2014 events in the United States
Attacks in the United States in 2014
Bell County, Texas
Crimes in Texas
Deaths by firearm in Texas
2014 shooting
Mass shootings in Texas
Mass shootings in the United States
Military in Texas
Murder–suicides in Texas
Spree shootings in the United States
Workplace shootings in the United States
Pedro Alves da Silva (born 25 April 1981) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a right back.
Football career
Silva was born in Brasília, Federal District. During his early Brazilian career he represented Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, Figueirense Futebol Clube and Esporte Clube Vitória (the latter two on loan). He was loaned to Sport Club Internacional in 2005, then had his first experience abroad with Portuguese club Académica de Coimbra.
In October 2006, Silva was signed by Iraty Sport Club, with his rights being de facto controlled by an investment company. He was subsequently loaned to Santos FC and Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Moving abroad again, Silva joined another Portuguese side, Sporting CP, for €350,000. Severely injured in his first season, he eventually won the battle for first-choice status with veteran Abel midway through 2008–09, with both sharing duties in the following campaign.
On 21 March 2009, Silva started in the final of the Portuguese League Cup against Lisbon neighbours S.L. Benfica (1–1 after 90 minutes). In the 72nd minute of the game, a controversial penalty kick was awarded and he was sent off for a second bookable offence; after the eventual penalty shootout loss the player refused to hang up his runner-up medal, throwing it onto the pitch immediately.
In August 2009, Sporting acquired the remaining 50% of Silva's rights from Iraty by selling Rodrigo Tiuí's 50% to the investment group. On 30 August 2010, after being second or third-choice in 2009–10, he was loaned to Portimonense SC.
Silva's contract with Sporting was terminated in late 2011. On 10 December, he returned to his country and joined lowly Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo.
Honours
Vitória
Campeonato Baiano: 2004
Internacional
Campeonato Gaúcho: 2005
Sporting
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2007
Taça da Liga: Runner-up 2008–09
References
External links
CBF data
Futpédia profile
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brasília
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Figueirense FC players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Sport Club Internacional players
Santos FC players
Iraty Sport Club players
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Primeira Liga players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
Sporting CP footballers
Portimonense S.C. players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Custer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,867. Its county seat is Miles City. The county was established on June 2, 1865 as one of the nine original counties of the Territory of Montana named Big Horn County, and was renamed on February 16, 1877 in honor of Lieutenant Colonel George Armstrong Custer.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Custer County has a mostly cold semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.
Major highways
Interstate 94
U.S. Highway 12
U.S. Highway 212
Montana Highway 59
Adjacent counties
Prairie County - north
Fallon County - east
Carter County - southeast
Powder River County - south
Rosebud County - west
Garfield County - northwest
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 United States census, there were 11,696 people, 4,768 households and 3,089 families living in the county. The population density was 3 per square mile (1/km2). There were 5,360 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.02% White, 0.09% Black or African American, 1.27% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 0.97% from two or more races. 1.51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 34.3% were of German, 12.0% Norwegian, 8.4% English, 8.3% Irish and 5.4% American ancestry. 96.8% spoke English, 1.5% Spanish and 1.2% German as their first language.
There were 4,768 households, of which 30.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.10% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.20% were non-families. 29.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.94.
25.10% of the population were under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 25.60% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 17.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median household income was $30,000 and the median family income was $38,779. Males had a median income of $27,857 compared with $18,343 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,876. About 10.10% of families and 15.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.10% of those under age 18 and 9.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 11,699 people, 5,031 households, and 3,014 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,560 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.5% white, 1.7% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.5% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.6% were German, 18.3% were Irish, 14.3% were American, 14.1% were Norwegian, and 10.6% were English.
Of the 5,031 households, 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.6% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 40.1% were non-families, and 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 42.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,913 and the median income for a family was $49,011. Males had a median income of $37,535 versus $26,576 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,676. About 12.4% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.8% of those under age 18 and 14.6% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Agriculture (dryland farming) and cattle raising provide the bulk of Custer County economy. Miles City serves as the center of commerce in an area extending for 100 miles in every direction. As of 2009 the county's largest employers were Holy Rosary Healthcare, Sanjel USA, Stockman Bank, and Walmart.
Communities
City
Miles City (county seat)
Town
Ismay
Unincorporated communities
Bonfield
Garland
Kinsey
Knowlton
Mizpah
Tusler
Volborg
See also
List of lakes in Custer County, Montana
List of mountains in Custer County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Custer County, Montana
References
1877 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1877
Sonia Lee (born April 12, 1960) is a Korean-born entrepreneur best known as the co-founder and president of Fullpower Technologies. Sonia Lee also co-founded LightSurf and Starfish Software.
Biography
She is married to Philippe Kahn, CEO of Fullpower Technologies and ran the business side of many of his businesses. They have one child. Together, they run an environmental charity, the Lee-Kahn Foundation. She is known for her passion for landscape and still life paintings.
The picture of her new born child was the first ever camera phone picture.
References
External links
Lee-Kahn Foundation, with biographies of Lee and Kahn
1960 births
Living people
Borland
21st-century American businesspeople
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
Healy Clean Coal Project was a clean coal technology demonstration program consisting of a coal fired electrical power station located in Healy, Alaska in Denali Borough. The project was a demonstration of the TRW Clean Coal Combustion System and the Babcock & Wilcox/Joy Spray Dryer Absorber (SDA) System designed to reduce oxides of nitrogen (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions while burning a variety of coal types, including waste coal. The plant still operates as Healy Unit 2 but without the emissions-reduction technology.
The project constructed a plant adjacent to Golden Valley Electric Association (GVEA) 25 MW coal plant Healy Unit 1. Construction occurred from 1995 to 1997 at a cost of around $300 million. The facility operated briefly following its construction as part of the demonstration program, but has been shut down since 2000. The research project is considered "complete" by the Department of Energy. The plant was sold in 2012 to the GVEA to resume power production. It restarted in 2015, only to close the next year after an explosion. It resumed commercial operation in November 2018.
Healy Unit 2 will be shut down in 2024 and Unit 1 will receive an emissions control system.
Costs
According to Golden Valley Electric Association (GVEA) the facility cost around $300 million, with the United States Department of Energy contributing $120 million, the Alaska Legislature contributing $25 million, the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) contributing $150 million and both GVEA & Usibelli Coal Mine contributing $10 million in addition to in-kind contributions.
See also
Clean coal technology
References
External links
US DOE Clean Coal Demonstrations - Healy Clean Coal Project
Golden Valley Electric Association (GVEA) HCCP page
Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) HCCP page
1997 establishments in Alaska
Buildings and structures in Denali Borough, Alaska
Coal-fired power stations in Alaska
Energy infrastructure completed in 1997
Ronald Wilfried Kolf (born June 5, 1939) is a former Surinamese football manager and player who last served as the technical director of the Suriname national team and a board member of Surinamese football club S.V. Leo Victor.
As a player, he played in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse for S.V. Robinhood and for S.V. Transvaal, having taken a brief player-coaching role at Concordia in Moengo, he would return to Paramaribo to finish his playing career at Transvaal. He is one of the most successful managers in Suriname, having led Transvaal and Robinhood to a total 15 national titles.
Career
Early career
Kolf grew up playing for various youth teams on the Mr. Bronsplein such as Rio, De Trappers and Millionaros, before getting picked up by S.V. Robinhood where he progressed through the youth ranks, winning two youth national championships. He was scouted by Andre de Vries. On the Bronsplein is where grew up playing with players such as Wim Petrici, Jan Helstone van Eyck, Charlo Stynberg, and Kenny Headley. He was given his first pair of football boots by Etire Strok, whom he admired, but his greatest idol growing up was Humphrey Mijnals.
SV Robinhood
In 1958, Kolf made his Hoofdklasse debut in the first team of Robinhood. He would play with the team for three seasons winning the national title twice in 1959 and 1961. In 1962 Kolf parted ways with Robinhood over differences with the technical team, and signed with crosstown rivals S.V. Transvaal instead.
SV Transvaal
Kolf joined S.V. Transvaal in 1962 where he played for three seasons winning the national title in 1962 and 1965.
Concordia
In 1965, Kolf relocated to Moengo, taking a teaching position at a school, where he joined local club Concordia, taking his first managerial role while also playing as a player. After two seasons, Kolf returned to Paramaribo joining S.V. Transvaal as a player-youth coach.
Return to Transvaal
Kolf returned to S.V. Transvaal where he was playing for the first team, while coaching the youth teams. After one season which saw Kolf winning the national championship with the first team, and two national championships with the youth teams, Kolf took over as manager of the club the following season, retiring as a player.
Managerial career
Kolf took on his first job as a football manager when he relocated to Moengo for a teaching position at a local school. At the time, Kolf had joined the club Concordia taking on a player-manager function for two seasons before returning to Paramaribo. Upon his return, Kolf took on a coaching position at his former club S.V. Transvaal, coaching the youth teams, while actively playing in the first team. That season he was able to secure two National championships with the youth teams, while winning the National title with the first team. The following season, saw Kolf taking on the manager position of S.V. Transvaal.
As manager of Transvaal, Kolf led the team to consecutive national titles in 1967 and 1968, before taking over the manager position of S.V. Robinhood. Kolf successfully led the club to 13 national titles, making it to the finals of the CONCACAF Champions' Cup on five occasions, namely in 1972, 1976, 1977, 1982 and 1983.
In 1976, Kolf was the assistant to Walther Braithwaite for Suriname's 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign. In 2000 Kolf took over as the manager of the national team after 31 years at the helm of Robinhood, for the country's 2002 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign where they were eliminated by Cuba. He also helped Suriname the final stages of the 2001 Caribbean Cup.
In 2003, Kolf took over as manager of S.V. Leo Victor, winning the Surinamese Cup and the Suriname President's Cup in his first year with the club. In 2008, he became the technical director for the club. In 2013 Kolf was made the technical director of the Suriname national football team.
Career statistics
Manager
Suriname matches
Honours
Player
S.V. Robinhood
Hoofdklasse (2): 1959, 1961
S.V. Transvaal
Hoofdklasse (2): 1962, 1965
Manager
S.V. Transvaal
Hoofdklasse (2): 1967, 1968
S.V. Robinhood
Hoofdklasse (13): 1971, 1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989
CONCACAF Champions' Cup Runner-up (5): 1972, 1976, 1977, 1982, 1983
S.V. Leo Victor
Beker van Suriname (1): 2003
Suriname President's Cup (1): 2003
Individual
Suriprofs oeuvreprijs: 2013
References
Living people
1939 births
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Surinamese football managers
S.V. Robinhood managers
S.V. Leo Victor managers
Suriname national football team managers
S.V. Robinhood players
S.V. Transvaal players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
SVB Eerste Divisie managers
20th-century Surinamese businesspeople
Association football forwards
Darkstalkers (also known as Darkstalkers: The Animated Series) is an American children's animated television series produced by Graz Entertainment and aired in syndication from September to December 1995. The cartoon is loosely based on the Capcom fighting game Darkstalkers: The Night Warriors. It ran for one season of thirteen episodes.
Plot
As the television series was aimed towards a young audience, the violence and the sexual content present in the games were toned down. In addition, rather than following the complex backstory of the games, the show went for a standard good-vs.-evil plot. Various changes were made to the game characters themselves, most notably Morrigan Aensland, who became a villain descended from Morgan le Fay, and served alongside Demitri Maximoff (who was her rival in the games), under Pyron's command. The main protagonist is an ordinary human boy named Harry Grimoire, a descendant of Merlin created exclusively for the show, with whom Felicia forms a partnership.
Crew
Susan Blu - Voice Director
Episodes
"Out of the Dark" (written by Richard Mueller)
"Donovan's Bane" (written by Christy Marx)
"The Game" (written by Kat Likkel)
"Pyramid Power" (written by Douglas Booth)
"And the Walls Come Tumblin' Down" (written by Brooks Wachtel)
"Ghost Hunter" (written by Katherine Lawrence)
"Little Bigfoot's Last Stand" (written by Kat Likkel)
"My Harry's in the Highlands" (written by Richard Mueller)
"Aliens Keep Out" (written by Katherine Lawrence)
"Samurai's Honor" (written by Christy Marx)
"There's no Business Like Dragon Business" (written by Brooks Wachtel)
"Darkest Before the Dawn" (written by Richard Mueller)
"Everyone's a Critic" (written by Richard Mueller)
Production
The series was co-produced by Capcom USA and Graz Entertainment. According to a June 1995 news article in GamePro, the show would "star Bobby Bridges [later renamed Harry Grimoire], a kid who befriends the game's supernatural cast of characters and sets out to prevent an alien invasion." Jun Aida,
Capcom's director of licensing, said: "With an enormous built-in audience of young arcade players across the nation and a colorful range of fun, but spooky characters who lend themselves so well to animated television, we're confident that Darkstalkers will be a big hit with kids everywhere. This show will make it hip to be scared. ... It's this decade's answer to the popular Ghostbusters sensation of the 80s."
Reception
The series was received negatively, both as an adaptation and as an animated series, mainly amongst fans who compared the show to the production values of the original games. The games are significantly different from this series, which is aimed at a younger audience. Topless Robot included Harry Grimoire, who "turned Capcom's gorgeously animated fighting game into a cheap, unfunny comedy," on their 2010 list of the 10 worst cartoon kid sidekicks. Rachel Jagielski of VentureBeat commented, "The plot is bad. But even more offensive than that is the shoddy animation." Ryan Winterhalter of GamesRadar, in 2014, blamed the "network" (of which, it did not air on any; it was syndicated) in his negative review, opining that the show "takes the characters that fighting gamers know and love and throws them out the window. In their place, [UPN] inserted the most idiotic band of video game character doppelgangers that you could imagine." The same year, Henry Gilbert of GamesRadar commented, "If you're one of those unfortunate enough to have watched the horrendous Darkstalkers cartoon that aired in the US, you have my sympathies." Vincent Chiucchi of 411Mania rated it first in his 2008 list of the top five "most shameful" video game cartoons, lambasting it as "the worst video game cartoon in history" while adding, "Everything about this cartoon is horrible. The plot is stupid, the animation is complete garbage, and the dialog is atrocious."
See also
Night Warriors: Darkstalkers' Revenge, the 1997 anime miniseries
Street Fighter (TV series)
Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm
References
External links
Darkstalkers at the Internet Movie Database
1990s American animated television series
1995 American television series debuts
1995 American television series endings
American children's animated action television series
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated comedy television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
American television shows based on video games
Animated series based on video games
Darkstalkers
Television series based on Arthurian legend
Works based on Capcom video games
English-language television shows
ADV Films
Pius Segmüller (born 8 March 1952) is a Swiss politician and former commander of the Swiss Guard in the Vatican City (1998-2002).
Segmüller was appointed Commander of the Swiss Guard following the death of Alois Estermann. In 2002, he was succeeded by Elmar Mäder and became head of the police of the city of Lucerne (2002-2006).
In October 2007, Segmüller was elected to the Swiss National Council as a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP/PDC) from the Canton of Lucerne. In 2011 Swiss federal election he was not re-elected.
He is currently Director of Security for the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA).
External links
1952 births
Swiss Roman Catholics
Members of the National Council (Switzerland)
Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland politicians
Living people
Commanders of the Swiss Guard
Shinu (, also Romanized as Shīnū; also known as Shīnūh) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 313, in 59 families.
References
Populated places in Sardasht County
The following is a list of county routes in Humboldt County, Iowa. All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside, and all are marked with standard MUTCD approved county road shields. Humboldt County's routes all follow Iowa's alphanumeric system.
List of current County Routes in Humboldt County, Iowa
This list is up to date as of December 2017.
References
Transportation in Humboldt County, Iowa
Humboldt
Humboldt County
The post of Special Rapporteur on Minorities has been created as minorities in all regions of the world are exposed to serious threats, discrimination and racism and are often excluded from participation in economic, political and social life. It shall provide for the implementation of the Declaration on the Rights of Members of National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities, taking into account existing international norms and national minority laws.
The UN mandate
The UN Human Rights Commission created this body on April 21, 2005 by means of a resolution that also defined the mandate. This UN mandate is limited to three years and is regularly renewed. After the UN Human Rights Council was replaced in 2006 by the UN Human Rights Council, it is now in charge and exercising oversight. The last extension of the mandate took place on April 6, 2017.
The expert is not a United Nations staff member but is mandated by the UN, and the UN Human Rights Council has issued a code of conduct. The independent status of the mandate holder is crucial for the impartial performance of his duties. The term of office of a mandate is limited to a maximum of six years.
He prepares thematic studies and develops guidelines for the improvement of human rights. The Special Representative makes country visits at the invitation of states and can make recommendations in an advisory capacity. He reviews communications and makes proposals to the states on how to remedy any abuses. He also does follow-up procedures in which he reviews the implementation of the recommendations. He compiles annual reports for the attention of the UN Human Rights Council.
Annual Reports
The Special Rapporteur's annual reports normally include a focus on relevance for the rights of minorities, as well as a description of the activities carried out during the year in the framework of the mandate.
HRC 43th session - 2020
In March 2020 Fernand de Varennes RP, Doyen, United Nations Special Rapporteur on minority report provides a clear working definition of the concept of a minority in order to guide the activities of the United Nations. In the thematic section of Fernand de Varennes's report, he sets out the often misunderstood language dimension of education for minorities, which emanates from the proper understanding and implementation of international human rights obligations. He describes the parameters of the principles of equality without discrimination, as of primary importance for the achievement of Sustainable Development Goal 4 on quality education for all, including linguistic minorities such as users of sign languages.
The Special Rapporteur Recommendations:
Recommendations relating to the working definition of the concept of a minority.
Recommendations relating to education, language and the human rights of minorities.
Recommendations relating to the Forum on Minority Issues and the regional forums.
A recommendation that was often raised during the regional forums and other activities, that the human rights of minorities be highlighted more frequently and that a more detailed approach be considered in their recognition and protection within the United Nations system.
HRC 34th session - 2017
On 24 March 2017, The Secretariat has transmitted to the Human Rights Council the report of the Special Rapporteur on minority on the Iraq issue.
Minority, ethnic and religious communities in Iraq, which have been an integral part of the population of the country for millenniums, are facing an unprecedented crisis that threatens their continued existence in the country. Iraq is at a crossroads, and the actions of the Government now will determine the extent to which the country maintains its rich ethnic neglect of minority rights will seek security and seeing few prospects for protection of their human rights in Iraq, many have left the country, resulting in a dramatic decrease in minority populations. Without urgent action, many thousands more may follow.
The genocidal terror campaign perpetrated by (ISIL) known as Daesh, has had a particular impact on regions with large minority populations, resulting in communities, many thousands being killed or held captive, including women and children held in sexual slavery. Many remain captive and many fleeing their homes or death. Allegations of genocide against the Yazidi must be fully investigated. The Government and the international community must also act decisively under international law to protect civilians and to prosecute those suspected of such crimes.
The communities, political and social life. Trust in national authorities and hope for the future must be rebuilt on a foundation of consultation, participation and legal, policy and institutional frameworks for minority rights, which are currently absent.
References
Human rights
Intergovernmental human rights organizations
United Nations organizations based in Geneva
Organizations established in 1946
Rolando Uríos (born 27 January 1971) is a Cuban-Spanish handball player. He competed with Cuba in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics and represented Spain at the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Spanish male handball players
Olympic handball players of Spain
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Bayamo
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1995 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
The Lady Objects is a 1938 American drama film written by Gladys Lehman and Charles Kenyon and directed by Erle C. Kenton. It was nominated for the Oscar for Best Song at the 11th Academy Awards with the song A Mist Over the Moon, with music by Ben Oakland and lyric by Oscar Hammerstein II. Although the writing credits differ, this film bears a striking resemblance to Columbia's 1933 film, Ann Carver's Profession.
Plot
Bill Hayward's years as a college athlete and singer are behind him, and while he struggles financially, his attorney wife Ann is prospering, promoted to junior partner in her law firm.
While she's in Washington, D.C., on business, Bill accompanies friends June and George to a New York City nightclub where they have been hired to entertain. He is persuaded to get on stage and sing himself, but resists the temptation to get into a romantic situation with June, a former girlfriend from their school days.
June gets inebriated and a stumble results in her accidental death. Bill, however, is charged with her murder. Ann offers to defend him in court, but Bill can't bear that thought. When the case goes badly against him, however, Ann volunteers information that results in Bill's acquittal and their reconciliation.
Cast
Lanny Ross as William Hayward
Gloria Stuart as Ann Adams Hayward
Joan Marsh as June Lane
Roy Benson as George Martin
Pierre Watkin as Mr. Harper
Robert Paige as Ken Harper
Arthur Loft as Charles Clarke
Stanley Andrews as Baker
Jane Buckingham as Mrs. Harper (Jan Buckingham)
Bess Flowers as Miriam Harper
Ann Doran as Miss Hollins
Vesey O'Davoren as Langham
References
External links
1938 films
1938 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Erle C. Kenton
Columbia Pictures films
Films scored by Morris Stoloff
Films produced by William Perlberg
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The following is a list of animated television series originating in the United States of America.
American animated television series
For shows produced by entities that have since been re-organized, their former names are listed in brackets. All channels listed are American unless otherwise noted.
See also
List of American animated television series by episode count
References
Animated series
Animated
Lists of animated television series
The West Coast Don is the fifth studio album by rapper Yukmouth, released on July 14, 2009 on Smoke-a-Lot Records/Asylum Records.
Track listing
References
Yukmouth albums
2009 albums
In radiology, Canga's bead symptom is the irregular appearance of uterus and nodular structures in tuba uterina observed in patients with genital tuberculosis.
It is named for Serif Canga (1906 - 1993), a Turkish Gynecologist, in 1971.
References
Symptoms and signs: Urinary system
Tuberculosis
Radiologic signs
Jocelyne Villeton (; born September 17, 1954 in Vals-les-Bains, Ardèche) is a retired long-distance runner from France, who won the bronze medal in the marathon at the 1987 World Championships in Rome, Italy.
Jocelyne Villeton only occasionally practiced athletics in her teens in the 1970s.
Finding herself unemployed in the early 1980s, she decided to devote herself to distance running, driven by her husband. By 1984, she was French champion in the 10,000 meters and 25 kilometers on the road. In subsequent years, she gained new titles and performed strongly in the marathon.
In 1987, when she had to find employment in the municipality of Saint-Étienne, she surprised everyone by winning the very first French medal at the IAAF World Championships in Athletics with a third place in the marathon. Until 1991, she ran at the highest European level.
She now lives in Saint-Genest-Lerpt, and continues to run as a veteran. She is a Knight of the National Order of Merit in 2002 and a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 2008.
French Championships
1984 : French Champion at 10 000 metres
1984 : French Champion at 25 kilometres on road
1985 : French Championships at 10 000 metres
1986 : French Champion at 10 000 metres, with new French record
1987 : French Champion at 10 000 metres
1988 : French Championships at 10 000 metres
1991 : French Champion at 25 kilometres on road
1991 : French Champion at 10 000 metres
1995 : 5th at French Championships of the semi-marathon
International Performances
1984 : 25th at World Road Race 10 kilometres Championship
1985 : Selected to World Cross Country Championship
1985 : World Champion at 15 kilometres on road for 1985
1986 : 5th at 1986 European Marathon Championship
1987 : 1987 World Championships for the marathon
1988 : 10th at World Championships for 15 kilometres on road
1988 : 19th at marathon of 1988 Olympic Games
1992 : selected to the World Championships for the semi-marathon
1984-1995 : 25 selections for French international teams
References
Personal website
sports-reference
1954 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ardèche
French female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of France
Place of birth missing (living people)
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for France
Knights of the National Order of Merit (France)
French female marathon runners
Riskified is a publicly traded company that provides software as a service (SaaS) fraud and chargeback prevention technology.
History
Riskified's technology uses behavioral analysis, elastic linking, proxy detection, and machine learning to detect and prevent fraud. Riskified backs transactions approved by its technology with a chargeback 100% money-back guarantee in the event of fraud.
Riskified was founded in 2012 by Eido Gal and Assaf Feldman. As of 2018, Riskified secured $63.7 million in funding. In November 2019, Riskified announced a Series E funding round of $165 million, led by General Atlantic and joined by Fidelity Management & Research, Winslow Capital, and existing investors.
On July 28, 2021, Riskified launched its initial public offering on the NYSE, valuing the company at $4.3 billion.
References
External links
2012 establishments in Israel
Internet security
Software companies established in 2012
Software companies of Israel
Security companies of Israel
2021 initial public offerings
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Companies based in Tel Aviv
Mercer County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,772. Its county seat is Harrodsburg. The county was formed from Lincoln County, Virginia in 1785 and is named for Revolutionary War General Hugh Mercer, who was killed at the Battle of Princeton in 1777. It was formerly a prohibition or dry county.
History
Harrodsburg was the first city formally chartered in Kentucky County, the Virginia district that later became the 15th state. It was originally the county seat of Lincoln County when it was formed in 1780, but it became the seat of Mercer County when it was created.
Pleasant Hill, also known as Shakertown, is the site of a former Shaker community, active especially in the years before the American Civil War. It is a National Historic Landmark District, consisting of more than 30 historic buildings. The district also includes acres of farm and parkland.
During the Civil War, the county was divided in sentiment. Union control permitted the organization 2 Union regiments, the 19th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry and the 11th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry. However, many county men also served in the Confederate Army. The 19th Kentucky Infantry (Union) was organized at Camp Harwood for a three-year enlistment commencing January 2, 1862, commanded Col. William J. Landram. Companies A, C, D, and F of the 11th Kentucky Cavalry (Union) were organized at Harrodsburg in July 1862. The remainder of the regiment was organized in Louisville, Kentucky, and mustered in for three years on September 26, 1862, under the Colonel Alexander W. Holeman. Following the Battle of Perryville, much of Harrodsburg and surrounding towns were converted into makeshift hospitals; 1600 sick and wounded Confederate soldiers were captured during a raid in Harrodsburg by the 9th Kentucky Cavalry on October 10, 1862. The city then remained under martial law for the remainder of the war.
The Louisville Southern Railroad reached Harrodsburg in 1888. Louisville Southern Railway's construction commenced in 1884 and ran from Louisville through Shelbyville and Lawrenceburg to Harrodsburg, which was reached in 1888. The rail yard and station were located at the corner of Office Street and Merimon Avenue. A spur was later constructed from the station to Burgin, where the Louisville Southern joined the Cincinnati Southern's Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway CNO&TP mainline which runs through the eastern part of the country from High Bridge of Kentucky to Burgin to Danville was opened in 1877. Now all run and operated by Norfolk Southern Railway.
Company D of the 192nd Tank Battalion, which took part in the World War II Battle of Bataan was from Harrodsburg.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Anderson County (north)
Woodford County (northeast)
Jessamine County (east)
Garrard County (southeast)
Boyle County (south)
Washington County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,817 people, 8,423 households, and 6,039 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,289 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.00% White, 3.69% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.47% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.63% from other races, and 0.96% from two or more races. 1.27% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 8,423 households, out of which 31.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.80% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were non-families. 25.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.93.
By age, 24.40% of the population was under 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 29.10% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% were 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was US$35,555, and the median income for a family was $43,121. Males had a median income of $33,657 versus $22,418 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,972. About 10.00% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.40% of those under age 18 and 12.00% of those age 65 or over.
Notable people
Ralph G. Anderson, founder Belcan Corporation, philanthropist
Jacqueline Coleman, 58th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky (2019- )
Maria Thompson Daviess (1872–1924), author
Jason Dunn, National Football League player
David Winfield Huddleston, Christian author and minister
Rachel Jackson, wife of President Andrew Jackson
Frances Wisebart Jacobs, philanthropist
Ann O'Delia Diss Debar, late 19th and early 20th century medium and criminal.
Dennis Johnson, National Football League player
William Logan, politician
Beriah Magoffin, Governor of Kentucky (1859 − 1862) and namesake of Magoffin County, Kentucky
William Sullivan, politician and lawyer
John Burton Thompson, politician
Al Wilson, actor and stunt pilot
Craig Yeast, National Football League player
Law and government
Local attractions
Old Fort Harrod State Park, features a reconstruction of Fort Harrod, the first permanent settlement in the state of Kentucky.
Shaker Village of Pleasant Hill, a living history museum.
Herrington Lake
Communities
Cities
Burgin
Harrodsburg
Census-designated place
Salvisa
Unincorporated communities
Bondville
Bushtown (east)
Bushtown (west)
Cornishville
Duncan
Ebenezer
Mayo
McAfee
Pleasant Hill
Talmage
Ghost town
Hilltop
Education
School districts include:
Burgin Independent School District
Mercer County Schools
Notable residents
John Adair, member of the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate, also governor of Kentucky
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, Kentucky
References
External links
Mercer County web site
Kentucky counties
1785 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1785
Former counties of Virginia
The coat of arms of the Transvaal was the official heraldic symbol of the South African Republic from 1866 to 1877 and again from 1881 to 1902, and later the symbol of the Transvaal Province from 1954 to 1994 in a simplified form. It is now obsolete.
History
The South African Republic was established in 1857. On 18 February 1858, the Volksraad (legislature) resolved that the new state should have the following coat of arms:
The earliest known appearance of the arms was on banknotes issued in 1866. The crudely drawn arms were depicted as a shield with a lion, an anchor, and a man in the upper half, an ox-wagon in the lower half, and the motto 'Eendragt maakt magt' (sic, cf. Flag of the SAR) on a riband across the top. This rendition also appeared on the Staatscourant (government gazette) from 1867.
A better version, in which the shield was divided into sections, an eagle was perched on top, and three flags were draped down each side, first appeared on the postage stamps in 1869, and this became the preferred rendition. From 1871, this too appeared on the banknotes, and from 1872 it was on the masthead of the Staatscourant.
The arms were in abeyance during the British occupation of the Transvaal, from 1877 to 1881. Revived in 1881, they became obsolete again when the republic ceased to exist in 1902.
In 1950, the Transvaal provincial administration decided to adopt the old arms as provincial arms and commissioned chief archivist Dr Coenraad Beyers to investigate and report on the most suitable version. The arms were apparently introduced in 1954, and they were used until the province ceased to exist in 1994.
Blazon
The arms were recorded at the College of Arms in July 1955, and registered at the Bureau of Heraldry in October 1967. The official blazon is:
An oval shield per fess, the chief divided per pale; dexter Gules, a natural lion contourne couchant gardant Or; sinister Azure, a bearded man in national dress wearing a hat and bandolier, and holding in the left hand a gun resting upon the ground; in base Vert, a Voortrekker wagon proper; on an inescutcheon Argent an anchor Sable, cabled Gules.
Perched on the shield an eagle displayed Or.
Behind the shield and draped below on both sides three flags of the South African Republic, green, red, white and blue.
Motto: EENDRACHT MAAKT MAGT
See also
Coat of arms of the Cape Colony
Coat of arms of Natal
Coat of arms of the Orange Free State
Coat of arms of the Orange River Colony
Coat of arms of South Africa
South African heraldry
References
Footnotes
Notations
Beyers, C. (1950). 'Die Wapen van Die Suid-Afrikaanse Republiek' in Archives Year Book (1950)
Brownell, F.G. (1993). National and Provincial Symbols.
Engelbrecht, C.L. (1987). Money in South Africa
Pama, C. (1965). Lions and Virgins.
External links
South African Heraldry Website
Transvaal
South African heraldry
South African Republic
Transvaal
Transvaal
Transvaal
Transvaal
Transvaal
Transvaal
Hany El-Fakharany (born 6 April 1978) is an Egyptian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1978 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Jade Neilsen (born 24 July 1991) is an Australian competitive swimmer. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay event.
Personal life
Neilsen was born on 24 July 1991 in Southport, Queensland.
Her uncle, Paul Neilsen, is a surfer and was 1971 world champion in the sport. Other sports she is involved with include surf lifesaving, winning the swim and board rescue event at the 2006 age Australian Championship. In 2012, she was attending Bond University where she was pursuing a degree in sports management. She lives in Surfers Paradise, Queensland.
Swimming
Neilsen gained a scholarship with the Queensland Academy of Sport.
Neilsen competed in the 2008 Youth Commonwealth Games in the 200-metre freestyle event where she came in first. She also competed in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay event where she finished second. She competed in the 4×200-metre freestyle event at the Dubai hosted 2010 World Short Course Championships. Her team came in second with a time of 7:37.57. At the Samoa-hosted 2010 Oceania Championships, she earned one silver medal and three gold medals. She competed in the 2011 Australian Championships in the 200-metre freestyle where she finished third. She competed in the 2011 World Swimming Championships. At the 2012 Adelaide National Championships in the 200-metre freestyle event, she finished fifth, which earned her a place in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay team. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in swimming in the 4×200-metre freestyle event. The Games were her first. She was used in the heat of the 4 x 200 m event, and was awarded a silver medal when the team finished in second place in the final.
References
1991 births
Living people
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Australia
Sportswomen from Queensland
Australian female freestyle swimmers
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
Paul Gustaaf Julia Hoste (born 25 March 1947 in Lokeren), pseudonym Pol Hoste is a Belgian writer. He graduated in Germanic philology at the University of Ghent. He started his career as a teacher of the English and Dutch languages. From 1983 until 1985 he was an editor at Heibel and made contributions to De Morgen, De Nieuwe and the Volkskrant.
Bibliography
De veranderingen (1979)
Vrouwelijk enkelvoud (1987)
Een schoon bestaan (1989)
Brieven aan Mozart (1991)
Een schrijver die geen schrijver is (1991)
Ontroeringen van een forens (1993)
High key (1995)
Foto's met de aap (1997)
De lucht naar Mirabel (1999)
Montreal (2003)
Een dag in maart (2006)
Awards
1999 - Cultuurprijs van de Stad Gent
2002 - Arkprijs van het Vrije Woord
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Pol Hoste (in Dutch)
H. Vandevoorde, Eenheid en fragment. Het proza van Pol Hoste, Yang 25 (1989)
1947 births
Living people
People from Lokeren
Flemish writers
Ghent University alumni
Ark Prize of the Free Word winners
The Narada Falls Comfort Station was built in Mount Rainier National Park by the National Park Service and the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1941–42. The public toilet building is close to Narada Falls in the south central portion of the park. Initial work by the Park Service encountered substantial rock excavation, with the subsequent cost overrun requiring the Park Service to use CCC labor to complete the project. The building features stone masonry walls to window sill level, woor framed upper walls, and a timber framed roof. The interior comprises a waiting room and a toilet facility. The design was by the Western Region Landscape Engineering Division, with plan approval by Thomas Chalmers Vint, NPS Chief of Planning.
The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Government buildings completed in 1942
Buildings and structures in Lewis County, Washington
Rustic architecture in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Civilian Conservation Corps in Washington (state)
Restrooms in the United States
1942 establishments in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
The 2009 season was the 104th season of competitive football in Norway.
Men's football
League season
Promotion and relegation
Tippeligaen
1. divisjon
2. divisjon
3. divisjon
Cup competitions
Norwegian Cup
Final
Superfinalen
Women's football
League season
Promotion and relegation
Toppserien
1. divisjon
Norwegian Women's Cup
Final
Team Strømmen 0–1 Røa
Men's UEFA competitions
Champions League
Qualifying phase
Second qualifying round
|}
Third qualifying round
|}
UEFA Europa League
Qualifying phase
First qualifying round
|}
Second qualifying round
|}
Third qualifying round
|}
Play-off round
|}
UEFA Women's Champions League
Qualifying round
Group G
Matches (played in Osijek, Croatia)
Team Strømmen 5–0 Levadia Tallinn
Osijek 0–9 Team Strømmen
Team Strømmen 0–1 Everton
Main round
Round of 32
|}
Round of 16
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
National teams
Norway men's national football team
2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA)
Group 9
Fixtures and results
Key
H = Home match
A = Away match
N = Neutral ground
Norway women's national football team
Notes and references
Seasons in Norwegian football
Uno Dos Tres 1•2•3 is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1966 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Richie Unterberger awarded the album 3 stars, stating "As with his previous album Spanish Grease, the toughest and most memorable track is the one Bobo original, 'Fried Neck Bones and Some Home Fries.' Its creeping Latin soul groove was, like 'Spanish Grease,' an obvious inspiration for Carlos Santana".
Track listing
"Boogaloo in Room 802" (John Hart, Melvin Lastie) - 2:35
"Come a Little Bit Closer" (Tommy Boyce, Bobby Hart, Wes Farrell) - 2:28
"Goin' Out of My Head" (Teddy Randazzo, Bobby Weinstein) - 3:26
"I Remember Clifford" (Benny Golson) - 2:04
"Rescue Me" (Raynard Miner, Carl Smith) - 3:08
"Michelle" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) - 3:16
"No Matter What Shape (Your Stomach's In)" (Granville Burland) - 2:43
"Fried Neck Bones and Some Homefries" (Willie Bobo, Melvin Lastie) - 3:01
"Ol' Man River" (Oscar Hammerstein II, Jerome Kern) - 3:11
"One, Two, Three (Uno, Dos, Tres)" (Len Barry, John Medora, David White) - 2:38
"Night Song" (Lee Adams, Charles Strouse) - 2:43
"The Breeze and I" (Ernesto Lecuona) - 3:16
Recorded at Van Gelder Studio on January 26 (tracks 8 & 10), April 25 (tracks 2 & 5-7), and April 26 (tracks 1, 3, 4, 6, 9, 11 & 12), 1966
Personnel
Willie Bobo – timbales
Melvin Lastie – cornet
Bobby Brown – alto saxophone, tenor saxophone
Clarence "Sonny" Henry – guitar
John Hart, Bobby Rodriguez – bass
Carlos "Patato" Valdes – congas
Osvaldo Martinez – bongos, guiro
Jose Mangual, Victor Pantoja – percussion
References
Verve Records albums
Willie Bobo albums
1966 albums
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
The 2018–19 División de Honor was the 52nd season of the top flight of the Spanish domestic rugby union competition since its inception in 1953.
The championship playoffs began in May finishing with the Final on 28 May.
Valladolid won its third consecutive title, its ninth overall, after defeating local arch-rivals SilverStorm El Salvador in the Final.
Competition format
The División de Honor season takes place between September and March, with every team playing each other home and away for a total of 22 matches. Points are awarded according to the following:
4 points for a win
2 points for a draw
1 bonus point is awarded to a team scoring 4 tries or more in a match
1 bonus point is awarded to a team that loses a match by 7 points or fewer
The six teams with the highest number of points at the end of 22 rounds of matches play the championship playoffs. The top two teams win a semifinal berth automatically, while the next four teams play off to take the remaining two spots.
The club which finishes bottom is relegated, while the club that finishes 11th goes into a playoff with a team from División de Honor B.
Promotion and relegation
The bottom team in the standings is relegated to División de Honor B, while the team finishing 11th play the relegation playoff. The top team from División de Honor B is promoted to División de Honor.
Teams
Table
Playoffs
Relegation playoff
The relegation playoff was played over two legs by La Vila, the team finishing 11th in División de Honor, and Santander, the losing team from División de Honor B promotion playoff final. Santander won 57–53 on aggregate and gained promotion to the División de Honor for the 2019–20 season.
References
External links
Official site
Rugby union in Spain
2018-19
Spain
William Winfield "Windy" Nicklaus (January 6, 1904 – January 8, 1991) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Oklahoma Baptist University from 1939 to 1940 and at West Texas A&M University in 1946.
Nickaus attended Amarillo High School in Amarillo, Texas, where he was captain of the football team in 1922.
Nicklaus began his college football career at Bucknell University in 1924, playing for head coach Charley Moran, and transferred to Texas Tech University, where he was captain of the 1925 Texas Tech Matadors, the school's first football team.
Nickaus graduated from Texas Tech in 1928 and later coached football at Amarillo Junior High School. In 1935, he was appointed head football coach at Amarillo Junior College—now known as Amarillo College—succeeding Frank Kimbrough. A year later, Nickaus moved on to Altus Junior College—now known as Western Oklahoma State College—in
Altus, Oklahoma, serving as head football coach there for three seasons. He led his junior college football teams at the two schools to a record of 34–5 in four seasons.
Nicklaus was later an educator and civic leader in Amarillo. He died on January 8, 1991.
Head coaching record
College
Notes
References
External links
1904 births
1991 deaths
American football halfbacks
Bucknell Bison football players
Texas Tech Red Raiders football players
Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball players
Oklahoma Baptist Bison football coaches
West Texas A&M Buffaloes football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
Sportspeople from Amarillo, Texas
Coaches of American football from Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Cusgarne () is a village in Cornwall, England, UK. It is about from Truro and from Redruth. It is in the civil parish of Gwennap
Cusgarne Community Primary School is in the centre of the village. It caters for children from the ages of 4–11 with the majority moving on to nearby Penryn College or either Richard Lander or Penair schools.
The name Cusgarne comes from the Cornish language words koos, meaning 'wood', and garan, meaning 'heron' or 'crane'.
References
External links
Villages in Cornwall
Frontier Estate was a sugar plantation located in Port Maria, Jamaica. The estate covered 1.415 acres which were worked by 325 enslaved Africans in 1832. Following emancipation in 1834, the formerly enslaved Africans were obliged to remain on the plantations as "apprentices", whereby they worked as before for three-quarters of their time, but were free to sell their labour outside these hours. Originally planned to last eight years, public pressure brought these "apprenticeships" to an end in 1838. At this time there were 268 "apprentices".
References
Plantations in Jamaica
Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Dinant. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Dinant
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Dinant
Dinant
Mercy International Foundation is a charitable organization supporting needy children and young people in Thailand. It was established in 1985 by Rob and Jean Dunk with the assistance of their Christian church in Brisbane.
Particular focus is made on children with HIV and children orphaned by AIDS. In 2007, the organization provided shelter to 140 children, including children's village and Christian school in Phetchabun, children's village in Phrae (under construction), centre for HIV+/AIDS children in Khon Kaen, an English-language school in the city of Sisiket.
The orphans are provided with education, food, housing and moral support.
The Foundation is based in Sydney, Australia and sponsored by individuals, clubs, businesses and churches in Australia and other countries.
A slogan of the Mercy International Foundation:
One hundred years from now it will not matter what kind of car I drove, what kind of home I lived in, how much money was in my bank account, nor what my clothes looked like.
But the world may be a little better because I was important in the life of a child.
References
External links
Mercy International Foundation Web site
Organizations established in 1985
Organisations based in Sydney
Children's charities based in Australia
Foreign charities operating in Thailand
Non-profit organisations based in New South Wales
1985 establishments in Australia
DJ Baby Anne (born Marianne Breslin; November 17, 1972) is an Orlando-based DJ who works with live sets and original mixes that fuse electro with Miami bass and funky breaks.
Chart hits
The single "Probe" reached No. 5 on the Billboard Hot Dance Maxi-Singles Sales chart in 2002.
The album Mixtress reached No. 12 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart in 2004.
Discography
Bass Queen: In the Mix, Volume 1 - A Bass and Breaks Continuous Mix (1999)
Bass Queen: In the Mix, Volume 2 (2000)
Dark Side of the Boom (2001)
I'm About to Break (2002)
Mixed Live at Club Ra in Las Vegas (2003)
Mixtress (2004)
Assault and Battery EP (with Jen Lasher) (2005)
Baby Anne Rocks! (2006)
Past, Present, Future (2007)
Ground N' Pound (2008)
I Heart Bass (2009)
Babylicious (2010)
Bottom Heavy (2011)
Bad Baby (2012)
Beauty of the Beats (2013)
Disturbing the Beats (2014)
Full Circle (2015)
Bass Switch (2018)
References
1972 births
American women DJs
American electronic musicians
American trance musicians
Club DJs
Living people
Musicians from Orlando, Florida
American electronic dance music DJs
21st-century American women musicians
Ronald Robert Yager (born New York City) is an American researcher in computational intelligence, decision making under uncertainty and fuzzy logic. He is currently Director of the Machine Intelligence Institute and Professor of Information Systems at Iona College.
Ronald Yager has been an active IEEE Fellow since 1997 for his contributions to the development of the theory of fuzzy logic. He is the Editor and Chief of the International Journal of Intelligent Systems, which serves as a forum for individuals interested in tapping into the vast theories based on intelligent systems construction. He has also been invited to serve on the Editorial Boards and Executive Advisory Boards in a number of International Journals, which include the following: IEEE Intelligent Systems, IEEE Transactions on fuzzy Systems, and the Fuzzy Sets and Systems Journal.
Biography
Ronald R. Yager was born in the University Heights section of the Bronx, New York City and attended elementary and DeWitt Clinton High School in the New York City public school system. He got a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the City College of New York. He holds a Ph.D. in Systems Science, a degree that he got from the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn (now known as the Polytechnic Institute of New York University). He is currently Director of the Machine Intelligence Institute and Professor of Information Systems at Iona College (New York). He previously taught at the Pennsylvania State University.
Honors and awards
Recipient of IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award, 2016
Recipient of 2006 FLINS Gold Medal (Fuzzy Logic and Intelligent Technologies in Nuclear Science)
Recipient of IEEE Outstanding Contributor Award Granular Computing, 2006
Recipient of Medal of the 50th Anniversary of the Polish Academy of Sciences, 2005
IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Fuzzy Systems Pioneer Award, 2004
Fellow of the IEEE for contributions to the development of the theory of fuzzy logic
Fellow New York of the Academy of Sciences
Fellow of the International Fuzzy Systems Association
Honoris Causa, Rostov on the Don University, Russia
Three-year NASA Fellowship
Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu, Sigma Xi, Cum Laude
References
Further reading
Ordered weighted averaging aggregation operator
Construction of t-norms
Fuzzy cognitive map
Fuzzy logic
International Journal of Intelligent Systems
Ronald R. Yager – Curriculum Vitae at IEEE Intelligent Systems IS'12
Ronald R. Yager – Publications
Some Basic Results of Fuzzy Research in the ISI Web of Knowledge
Polytechnic Institute of New York University alumni
American computer scientists
Living people
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Artificial intelligence researchers
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Miss Independent" is a song by American singer-songwriter Ne-Yo. It is the second single from his album. Year of the Gentleman (2008), and was produced by Stargate. It samples the song "Forget About Me" by Keesha (Lil Bit). The song was written by Ne-Yo and co-written by Stargate. It was released as a music download on August 26, 2008, and physical release on September 2, 2008.
Chart performance
"Miss Independent" debuted at number 98 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, on the week of September 6, 2008. The next week, the song made a big jump to number 32 on the chart. The following week, the song climbed to number 27. The song finally hit the top ten in its eighth week, climbing to number nine on the chart, giving Ne-Yo his second consecutive top ten single from the album. It eventually reached its peak at number seven on the chart, the week of December 13, 2008. On July 31, 2009, the single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over a million digital copies in the United States.
On the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, the song has been much more successful than the first single from the album, "Closer", reaching number one, giving Ne-Yo his first chart-topper as a performer (on that chart). In the United Kingdom, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 39 on downloads alone on August 31, 2008. The single later reached it peak at number six on the chart.
Music video
The music video of "Miss Independent" was shot with director Chris Robinson on Monday, December 8, 2008, in Santa Monica, California. It featured cameos from Kevin Hart, Keri Hilson, Gabrielle Union, Lauren London and Trey Songz. It begins with Ne-Yo as a corporate boss walking to his office through his employee's office. As he walks by, various office workers (played by various singers) say good morning to Ne-Yo, who is enjoying the sight of all the women. The video continues with Ne-Yo at a meeting getting interrupted by his boss (played by Union) who apologizes to him in the end and asks what she can do to make it up to him.
Awards
On February 8, 2009, at the 51st Grammy Awards, Ne-Yo won two awards for "Miss Independent", Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and Best R&B Song.
Track listing
German and UK CD single
"Miss Independent" - 3:52
"Miss Independent" (Instrumental) - 3:50
"Closer" (Stonebridge Club Remix) - 3:52
"Miss Independent" (Video) - 3:50
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Remix: "She Got Her Own" (Miss Independent Part 2)
The official remix entitled "She Got Her Own" (Miss Independent Part 2) was released as a single for both Ne-Yo and singer/actor Jamie Foxx and features rapper Fabolous. It is available as a bonus track in Japan and the pre-order of Year of the Gentleman in the UK iTunes Store. The song was also featured on Foxx's album, Intuition and was released as the second single from the album on December 14, 2008. It samples the 1979 song "My Baby Understands" by Donna Summer.
A music video for "She Got Her Own" was released on September 22, 2008. It featured cameo appearances by Estelle, Eve, Keyshia Cole, Jill Marie Jones, Teyana Taylor and twins Malika Haqq & Khadijah Haqq from the 2006 film ATL . Ne-Yo, Jamie Foxx, and Fabolous performed "She Got Her Own" at the 2009 BET Awards.
Other remixes
A remix that features T-Pain & Joey Galaxy aka Young Cash was made. Nicki Minaj also remixed it. Jamaican dancehall artists Vybz Kartel and Spice also released a version of the song entitled "Ramping Shop", from his album Pon Di Gaza 2.0 which received critical acclaim across the world. Other Jamaican artists like Busy Signal, Sizzla and others did versions of the song as well.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of R&B number-one singles of 2008 (U.S.)
References
External links
Ne-Yo - She Got Her Own ft. Jamie Foxx, Fabolous (Official Music Video) at YouTube
2008 singles
Music videos directed by Chris Robinson (director)
Ne-Yo songs
Jamie Foxx songs
Fabolous songs
Def Jam Recordings singles
Songs with feminist themes
Songs written by Ne-Yo
Songs written by Tor Erik Hermansen
Songs written by Mikkel Storleer Eriksen
Song recordings produced by Stargate (record producers)
2007 songs
In the Key of Charles was a Canadian radio program, which aired on CBC Radio One and CBC Radio 2. Hosted by musician Gregory Charles, the program aired a variety of musical selections chosen by Charles to reflect a particular theme each week.
On March 26, 2009 the CBC announced that the program would be cancelled.
External links
In the Key of Charles
CBC Radio One programs
CBC Music programs
Canadian music radio programs
Nicolás Barrios-Lynch (1910–1986) was an Argentine educator and pioneer of the rural libraries movement across South America. After his teaching career, he became a dedicated promoter of public and rural libraries, and the inclusion of foreign books and texts of Argentinean original peoples literature in public education, spreading commercial education for entrepreneurship of educational tourism, became Director of Rural Education programs at the Ministry of Public Transportation, and at Argentina's Ministry of Education contributing in philanthropic initiatives for the sustainability of the National Library of Teachers located at the Sarmiento Palace.
Early life
He was born in Chilecito, La Rioja, the first son of Argentine arts student Romualda Barrios and Chilean artist Enrique Lynch del Solar. Upon his birth his father moved to France, eventually his mother re- marriage to Dr. Alfredo Palacios who would become his father figure. From his paternal family, he maintained relation with his distant cousins of his own age, his youngest cousin renowned writer Adolfo Bioy Casares and his older cousin naturist Enrique Lynch Arribálzaga, both members of the Lynch Clan in Argentina.
Career evolution
Completing his studies at the National College of Buenos Aires, Nicolás obtained his teacher's degree, which allowed him to accept a job in the public education system, first taking teacher posts in rural schools, which allowed him to know the interior of the country and live for some years in Chubut teaching in Welsh schools.
After this work experience, he would return to study at the University of Buenos Aires, where he received his Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and Letters. At this point in his life, he began his essayist activity, writing texts under pseudonyms or for other writers known as a ghostwriter, a task that led him to enter circles of "porteño intellectuals" (Intellectuals of Downtown Buenos Aires) of the time by the hand of his cousin Adolfo Bioy Casares who invited him to participate in Sur magazine, a literary magazine of Victoria Ocampo through who would meet his future wife, fashion journalist "Péle" Pelegrina Pastorino. He also collaborated in editorials of the magazine Martín Fierro, and with Lino Palacio in Caras & Caretas editions. At the end of his studies, Nicolás completed his work as a professor in the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters, where his stepfather has always had great influence, so he decided to change his career path and entered the Argentine Public Service eventually becoming Director of Public Schools Libraries and a Pioneer in the sustainable development of the Chilecito's ecotourism.
Legacy
His legacy was the creation of the Teachers Rural Libraries movement linked to the pioneering project of eco-educational-tourism by the "Cablecarril de Chilecito" an aerial tramway in La Rioja Province of Argentina; in addition collaborated with books and support for the famous Modernist and Pop artist Marta Minujín in the creation of the Parthenon of Books and the Babel Tower of Books in Buenos Aires to promote freedom and literacy through reading in the world.
References
Argentine educators
1910 births
1986 deaths
People from La Rioja Province, Argentina
Manjit Singh Mianwind is an Indian politician and belongs to Shiromani Akali Dal. He was a member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represented Baba Bakala.
Family
His father's name is Mohinder Singh.
Political career
Mianwind was elected to Punjab Legislative Assembly from Khadoor Sahib in 2002. In 2007, he was re-elected from Khadoor Sahib. In 2012, he successfully campaigned in the new constituency Baba Bakala.
References
Living people
Indian Sikhs
Punjab, India MLAs 2012–2017
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Tarn Taran district
Place of birth missing (living people)
Punjab, India MLAs 2002–2007
Shiromani Akali Dal politicians
Christopher Heeschen (born 1966) is a German MD with a PhD. In 2004, he became a professor of Experimental Medicine and Department Head of Medicine at the University of Munich. He has worked at the Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO) since 2009.
Heeschen was recognized by the Paul-Martini-Award in 2002 for describing a rebound phenomenon in patients with unstable coronary heart disease after the withdrawal of statins. In 2009, he received the Ritzenhain Award from the German Cancer Research Center.
His most cited article, on cancer stem cells, has been cited 1864 times, according to Google Scholar.
References
Living people
1966 births
German oncologists
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
Gillian Patricia Bates (born 19 May 1956) FMedSci FRS is a British biologist. She is distinguished for her research into the molecular basis of Huntington's disease and in 1998 was awarded the GlaxoSmithKline Prize as a co-discoverer of the cause of this disease. As of 2016, she is Professor of Neurogenetics at UCL Institute of Neurology and the co-director of UCL Huntington's Disease Centre.
Education
Bates was educated at Kenilworth Grammar School and the University of Sheffield where she graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1979. She completed her postgraduate study at Birkbeck College, London where she was awarded a Master of Science degree in 1984 followed by St Mary's Hospital Medical School where she was awarded a PhD in 1987 for genetic mapping of the cystic fibrosis gene, working in the lab of Robert Williamson.
Research
Bates's research has focused on Huntington's disease. She was one of the group who first cloned the Huntington's disease gene. She also created the first mouse model of the disease, the R6/2 mouse, an important step in understanding the pathogenesis of Huntington's.
Prior to joining UCL in 2016, Bates was the head of the Neurogenetics Research Group at King's College London.
Awards and honours
Bates has been elected a fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (1999) and a member of the European Molecular Biology Organisation (2002). She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2007 and to its Council in 2011. In 1998, she was awarded the Royal Society Glaxo Wellcome Award jointly with Stephen Davies, for the "discovery of the cause of Huntington's Disease".
References
1956 births
20th-century British biologists
21st-century British biologists
20th-century British women scientists
21st-century British women scientists
Academics of University College London
British women biologists
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Huntington's disease
Living people
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Downe House or Down House may refer to:
Downe House School, a girls' boarding school in Berkshire, England
Down House, Charles Darwin's home in the village of Downe in the London Borough of Bromley
Downe House, Richmond Hill, previously home of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall
Down House (film), a 2001 Russian comedy film
See also
Downs House (disambiguation)
Vicky Batta is a 40 year-old Indian weightlifter. He won the silver medal in the men's 56 kg class at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
He failed a drug test in 2007. He subsequently failed another drug test in 2009 and received a life ban.
References
Indian male weightlifters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Doping cases in weightlifting
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian people
21st-century Indian people
Hon. Edmund Phipps (7 December 1808 – 28 October 1857) was a lawyer and author.
Career
Phipps was the third son of Henry Phipps, 1st Earl of Mulgrave and graduated from Trinity College, Oxford in 1828. In 1832 he was called to the bar at the Inner Temple, subsequently practicing law on the northern circuit before being appointed Recorder of Scarborough and later of Doncaster.
Literary works
In 1850 he published Memoirs of the Political and Literary Life of Robert Plumer Ward. Ward's first wife was Phipps' aunt.
A Few Words on the Three Amateur Budgets of Cobden, Maggregor, and Wason, James Ridgway, London, 1849
King René's Daughter: "a Danish Lyric Drama. By Henrik Herz. Rendered into English Verse, and illustrated by an Historical Sketch of the Fortunes and Misfortunes of Good King René", Richard Bentley, London, 1848
The History of a £1000 Note or, Railway Ruin Reviewed, The New Monthly, 1848
Cabet's Voyage en Icare, Quarterly Review, 1848
The late census, Edinburgh Review, 1845
Personal life
On 15 May 1838, he married Maria Louisa, widow of the Hon Charles Francis Norton, daughter of Lieutenant-General Sir Colin Campbell. They had an only child, Constantine, subsequently a diplomat.
References
1808 births
1857 deaths
People from Whitby
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
Edmund
English barristers
English essayists
English biographers
Younger sons of earls
19th-century English writers
19th-century essayists
19th-century English lawyers
is a 1982 Japanese drama film directed by Eiichi Kudo. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Ken Ogata as Seiji Ōtaki
Ayumi Ishida as Keiko Yamane
Shigeru Izumiya as Toshiaki Sakagami
Gannosuke Ashiya as Seiji Shimamura
Kai Atō as Kita
Tatsuo Endō as Kitou
Moeko Ezawa as Noriko's mother
Makoto Fujita as Kawabata
Masataka Iwao as Shoji
Keizō Kanie as Yakuza
Kaoru Kobayashi as Miura
Akaji Maro as Painter
Tōru Masuoka as Teruichi Tanaka
Mikio Narita as Kuroki
Tadashi Naruse as Sunakawa
References
External links
1982 films
1980s Japanese-language films
1982 drama films
Films directed by Eiichi Kudo
Japanese drama films
1980s Japanese films
The CS 27 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by Raymond Wall and first built in 1975. The design is out of production.
Production
The boat was built by CS Yachts in Canada, with 480 examples completed between 1975 and 1983, when production ended.
Design
The CS 27 is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fibreglass. It has a masthead sloop rig, a transom-hung rudder and a fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard iron-ballasted keel and with the optional longer shoal draft lead-ballasted keel. About 90 were built with the shoal draft keel.
The boat was initially fitted with a Japanese Yanmar YSE diesel engine and later a Yanmar 1GM model.
In 1977 an increased area rudder with more added to the leading edge for better helm balance was introduced and this new rudder design could be retrofitted to older boats. In 1980 the mast was changed from a Proctor to an Isomat section along with small interior improvements.
The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 207 with a high of 204 and low of 216. It has a hull speed of .
Operational history
Notable examples include the CS 27 Sea Weasel which achieved a second place in West Vancouver Yacht Club's 2014 Southern Straits Classic.
In a review Michael McGoldrick wrote, "Boats with a length of twenty-seven feet and a displacement topping 6000 pounds will generally have more in common with 30 footers than the outboard powered boats in the 25 to 26 foot range. This is certainly true of the CS 27. It is a fast boat with real adult size room below decks, and it comes with an inboard diesel, double lifelines, two speed winches, a pressurized fresh water system, and a huge 5.8 cubic foot ice box. The CS 27 is a sleek boat that was built strong enough for some serious ocean sailing."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
Aloha 27
Cal 27
Cal 2-27
Cal 3-27
Catalina 27
Catalina 270
Catalina 275 Sport
C&C 27
Crown 28
Edel 820
Express 27
Fantasia 27
Halman Horizon
Hotfoot 27
Hullmaster 27
Hunter 27
Hunter 27-2
Hunter 27-3
Irwin 27
Island Packet 27
Mirage 27 (Perry)
Mirage 27 (Schmidt)
Mirage 275
O'Day 272
Orion 27-2
Watkins 27
Watkins 27P
References
External links
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Raymond Wall
Sailboat types built by CS Yachts
Derek C. Stanford (born October 18, 1970) is an American statistician and politician serving as a member of the Washington State Senate, representing the 1st district since 2019. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019.
In July 2019, Stanford was appointed to the Washington Senate after previously serving in the Washington House of Representatives. He was appointed to complete the term of Guy Palumbo who resigned to lobby for Amazon. Stanford was replaced in the House by Bothell City Councilmember Davina Duerr.
References
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Washington (state) state senators
Mohammed Ali Tewfik (; 9 November 1875 – 18 March 1955) was the heir presumptive of Egypt and Sudan in the periods 1892–1899 and 1936–1952. He was a member of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty.
Regent
He was the son of Khedive Tewfik I and Emina Ilhamy, and the younger brother of Khedive Abbas II. Following the death of King Fuad I in 1936, Prince Mohammed Ali served briefly as the chief regent for the 16-year-old King Farouk I until his coronation. In 1937 he represented Egypt and Sudan at the Coronation of King George VI of the United Kingdom.
In January 1952, his hopes of ruling were ended by the birth of King Farouk's son Ahmed Fuad. In 1953 Egypt was declared a republic and Prince Mohammed Ali lived the rest of his life in exile and died in Lausanne, Switzerland, in 1955.
Personal life and wealth
Mohammed Ali Tewfik had a great palace, Al Manial, which he had built in the early 20th century, that contains many artifacts in a vintage architectural ambience. It is open to the public as the Manial Palace and Museum, in Cairo. The palace has the large number of rooms with different decoration which has either an Egyptian style or decoration styles around the world.
Like his ancestor Abbas Pasha I, he loved and breed Arabian horses. In 1936 he also wrote a Book entitled "Breeding of Pure Bred Arabian Horses".
He married morganatically in 1941, the former French actress Suzanne Hémon.
Notable published works
Mon journal de voyage en Afrique du sud (1923).
Breeding of Purebred Arab Horses (1936).
Souvenirs de Jeunesse: Le Theresianum (Vienne de mon temps) (1948).
Ma jeunesse à Paris (1950).
Honours
1911: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold.
Ancestry
References
1875 births
1955 deaths
20th-century Regents of Egypt
Muhammad Ali dynasty
Egyptian nobility
Egyptian princes
Heirs to the Egyptian throne
Regents of Egypt
Egyptian emigrants to Switzerland
Egyptian exiles
Slaughter is a 2009 American horror film written and directed by Stewart Hopewell. It was part of the third After Dark Horrorfest.
Plot
Faith (Amy Shiels) is a young woman trapped in a relationship with her abusive boyfriend, Jimmy (Vance Daniels). She flees from him and moves to Atlanta to start over again. As Faith begins her new life, she meets a fun and free-spirited young woman named Lola (Lucy Holt). Lola lives on a farm with her controlling father, Jorgen (David Sterne), her older brother, and her younger brother. Faith and Lola become good friends, and Lola invites Faith to live with her and her family to help out with the farm work. During the day, the family (and Faith) work on the farm, and at night the two young women go out on the town to party in Atlanta. Lola brings home a different man every night. Eventually Faith notices that these men disappear after their encounters with Lola, and she suspects that Lola's father is murdering them in the farm's slaughterhouse.
Cast
Amy Shiels Faith
David Sterne Jorgen
Lucy Holt as Lola
Vance Daniels Jimmy
CJ Singer Arvin
Production
The film was originally titled Faithless. It was shot in Romania, where two of the producers had a strong working relationship. The script was originally written in 2006, but it was not produced until later, when a producer became associated with After Dark. It was based on a true story from 100 years ago that was modernized.
Reception
Slaughter received negative reviews. Joshua Siebalt of Dread Central rated the film 0.5/5 stars and called it "the single most boring film I have ever seen on the big screen from any genre." Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote that the film tests horror fans' patience with its long buildup, but the climax is grisly enough to satisfy them. David Johnson of DVD Verdict called it "a mediocre outing" with a few memorable scenes. Cameron McGaughy of DVD Talk rated it 1/5 stars and wrote that it fails to deliver on its exploitative title.
References
External links
2009 films
2009 horror films
Films set in Atlanta
Films set in farms
American horror films
Films scored by Justin Burnett
Films shot in Romania
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The slender-billed oriole (Oriolus tenuirostris) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae found from the eastern Himalayas to Southeast Asia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
O. t. invisus - Riley, 1940: Found in southern Vietnam
O. t. tenuirostris - Blyth, 1846: Found from the eastern Himalayas to southern China and central Vietnam
References
slender-billed oriole
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
slender-billed oriole
slender-billed oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
MDIS may refer to:
McDonnell Douglas Information Systems, now known as NEC Software Solutions
Management Development Institute of Singapore
Mercury Dual Imaging System, carried on the MESSENGER space probe
William or Bill Warner may refer to:
William Warner (poet) (c. 1558–1609), English poet
William H. Warner (1812–1849), officer in the U.S. Army's Corps of Topographical Engineers
William Smith Warner (1817–1897), American politician
William Warner (Missouri politician) (1840–1916), American politician
William Warner (cricketer) (1844–1871), English cricketer
William John Warner or Cheiro (1866–1936), Irish astrologer and palmist
William Warner (Conservative politician) (1867–1950), British Army officer and politician
Bill Warner (American football) (1881–1944), American football player and coach
W. Lloyd Warner (1898–1970), American anthropologist
William W. Warner (1920–2008), American author, winner of a Pulitzer Prize in 1977
Bill Warner (motorcyclist) (1969–2013), American motorcycle racer
William Warner (Michigan politician, born 1806) (1806–?), American politician
William Warner (Michigan politician, born 1812) (1812–1868), American politician
See also
Bill Warner (disambiguation)
Warner (surname)
Corryocactus erectus or is a species of columnar cactus found in Peru.
References
External links
erectus
Maciej Stachowiak (; born June 6, 1976) is a Polish American software developer currently employed by Apple Inc., where he is a leader of the development team responsible for the WebKit Framework. A longtime proponent of open source software, Stachowiak was involved with the SCWM, GNOME and Nautilus projects for Linux before joining Apple. He is actively involved the development of web standards, served as a co-chair of the World Wide Web Consortium's HTML 5 working group and is a member of the Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group steering committee.
Education
After graduating from East High School (Rochester, New York) in 1994, Stachowiak was accepted into MIT where he completed Course 6 - Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and received both his S.B. and M.Eng. in 1998.
While at MIT Stachowiak worked on the Rethinking CS101 project, and in 1997 he began the Scheme Constraints Window Manager project with Greg J. Badros. He also contributed to a paper with the Cognitive & Neural Sciences Office of Naval Research. Stachowiak's MIT M.Eng. thesis on "Automated Extraction of Structured data from HTML Documents" was indicative of his early interest in web standards and development.
Career
Eazel
From 1999 to 2001, Stachowiak contributed to various Linux software projects and was employed by Eazel as one of their lead developers along with Andy Hertzfeld and Darin Adler to create the Nautilus file manager. He was also a developer on the Object Activation Framework (OAF) for the GNOME desktop environment from 1999 to 2001. In 1999, he became a maintainer for the Scheme interpreter for Guile. During his employment at Eazel, Stachowiak also contributed to Eye of GNOME, GNOME Libs, Gravevine, GnoP, and was a Developer on Medusa, Bonobo, and GNOME VFS. Stachowiak was also a member of GNOME Foundation board of directors. He told Fortune magazine, "[Eazel's] seemed like a borderline-crazy business plan ... But I said, 'Sure, I'll work on it.'" while his colleagues "fidgeted uncomfortably". Two months later, Eazel ceased operations, laying off its entire staff.
Apple Inc.
After the closure of Eazel, most of the remaining senior engineers (including Bud Tribble, Don Melton, Darin Adler, John Sullivan, Ken Kocienda, and Stachowiak) joined Apple's Safari team in June 2001 and were later joined by Netscape/Mozilla Firefox alumnus David Hyatt. On June 13, 2002, Stachowiak announced on a mailing list that Apple was releasing JavaScriptCore, a framework for Mac OS X that was based on KDE's JavaScript engine. Through the WebKit project, JavaScriptCore has since evolved into SquirrelFish Extreme, a JavaScript engine that compiles JavaScript into native machine code. On June 6, 2005, Webkit was made open source (which was coincidentally Stachowiak's birthday).
Web standards participation
Stachowiak wrote on behalf of Apple along with members of the Mozilla Foundation and Opera Software in a proposal that the new HTML working group of the W3C adopt the Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group's HTML5 as the starting point of its work. On 9 May 2007, the new HTML working group resolved to do that. In May 2009, Stachowiak co-authored the W3C HTML Design Principles for HTML5, one of his first major documentation projects for the W3C. As of 27 August 2009, Stachowiak has co-chaired the World Wide Web Consortium's HTML Working Group along with IBM's Sam Ruby and Microsoft's Paul Cotton.
WebKit, the underpinnings of Safari, was published as open-source software on June 6, 2005. When Safari was run with this latest version of WebKit, it passed the Web Standards Project's Acid2 test. Stachowiak reported on the WebKit blog on March 26, 2008, that the software had passed 100/100 on the Acid3 test, making Safari the first browser to pass.
References
External links
Surfin' Safari - a weblog dedicated to discussing WebKit development, by various members of the WebKit team
Apple Inc. employees
Free software programmers
World Wide Web Consortium
GNOME developers
Living people
MIT School of Engineering alumni
American people of Polish descent
People from Koszalin
1976 births
The Valley of the Cross ( Emek Hamatzlevah) is a valley in western Jerusalem, named after the Monastery of the Cross which is located in the valley.
The monastery was built in the 11th century, during the reign of King Bagrat IV by the Georgian monk Prochorus the Iberian. It is believed that the site was originally consecrated in the 4th century under the instruction of the Roman emperor Constantine the Great, who later gave the site to the Georgian King Mirian III of Iberia after the conversion of his country to Christianity in 327.
On the valley's west side is the hill of Givat Ram, with the Israel Museum and the Knesset overlooking the valley. On its east is the neighborhood of Rehavia.
The Tzofim scout movement maintains its Jerusalem headquarters in the Valley of the Cross. The Jerusalem headquarters of Bnei Akiva, a religious youth movement is also located there.
Archaeology
Fourteen ossuaries were discovered in July 1970 during construction work along Ben-Zvi Boulevard. Ten of the ossuaries were ornamented, and three of them had inscriptions. The inscriptions are in Greek and bear Jewish names: Mariame, Simon, and Eskias (a unique spelling of Hezekiah).
References
Geography of Jerusalem
Valleys of Israel
Landforms of Jerusalem District
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2010 census, its population was 31,095, making it the third-least populous county in Maine. Its county seat is Machias. The county was established on June 25, 1789. It borders the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
It is sometimes referred to as "Sunrise County" because it includes the easternmost point in the United States, and claims have been made that Washington County is where the sun first rises on the 48 contiguous states. Many small seaside communities have small-scale fishing-based economies. Tourism is also important along the county's shoreline, but it is not as important as elsewhere in the state. The blueberry crop plays a major role in the county's economy.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (21%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Hancock County – southwest
Aroostook County – northwest
Penobscot County – northwest
York County, New Brunswick, Canada – northeast
Charlotte County, New Brunswick, Canada – east
National protected areas
Cross Island National Wildlife Refuge
Moosehorn National Wildlife Refuge
Petit Manan National Wildlife Refuge
Saint Croix Island International Historic Site
Major highways
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 33,941 people, 14,118 households, and 9,303 families living in the county. The population density was 13 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 21,919 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.48% White, 0.26% Black or African American, 4.43% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.44% from other races, and 1.07% from two or more races. 0.81% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 95.0% spoke English, 1.9% Passamaquoddy, 1.0% Spanish and 1.0% French as their first language.
There were 14,118 households, out of which 28.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.10% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.10% were non-families. 28.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.84.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 26.30% from 25 to 44, 25.60% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,869, and the median income for a family was $31,657. Males had a median income of $28,347 versus $20,074 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,119. About 14.20% of families and 19.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.40% of those under age 18 and 19.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,856 people, 14,302 households, and 8,847 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 23,001 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.1% white, 4.9% American Indian, 0.5% Asian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.4% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.4% were English, 17.0% were Irish, 7.0% were German, 6.1% were Scottish, and 5.6% were American.
Of the 14,302 households, 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.1% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.1% were non-families, and 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.76. The median age was 46.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,859 and the median income for a family was $43,612. Males had a median income of $35,981 versus $27,336 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,401. About 14.1% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.3% of those under age 18 and 12.4% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Washington County is considered to be a more conservative county in Maine. In 2004, it was one of only two counties (the other being Piscataquis County) in Maine to vote for Republican George W. Bush over Democrat John Kerry. The county voted for the winning presidential candidate in every election since 1980 until 2020, when the county was carried by Donald Trump, who lost to Joe Biden.
No Democrat has carried a majority of the county since Hubert Humphrey in 1968. The last Republican to do so was Donald Trump in 2020.
In the 2012 Maine Republican presidential caucuses, the majority of Washington County voters cast their votes for Republican Ron Paul, but votes from Washington County were not counted because of snow. Mitt Romney ultimately won the state by a narrow margin.
Voter registration
|}
Communities
Cities
Calais
Eastport
Towns
Addison
Alexander
Baileyville
Beals
Beddington
Charlotte
Cherryfield
Columbia
Columbia Falls
Cooper
Crawford
Cutler
Danforth
Deblois
Dennysville
East Machias
Grand Lake Stream
Harrington
Jonesboro
Jonesport
Lubec
Machias (county seat)
Machiasport
Marshfield
Meddybemps
Milbridge
Northfield
Pembroke
Perry
Princeton
Robbinston
Roque Bluffs
Steuben
Talmadge
Topsfield
Vanceboro
Waite
Wesley
Whiting
Whitneyville
Plantations
Baring Plantation
Codyville Plantation
Unorganized territories
East Central Washington
North Washington
Indian reservations
Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation
Passamaquoddy Indian Township Reservation
Census-designated places
Danforth
Jonesport
Lubec
Machias
Milbridge
Vanceboro
Woodland
Notable people
Jeremiah O'Brien, (1744-1818) Commander of the sloop Unity during the first naval battle of the Revolutionary War; Machias.
Henry Plummer (1832–1864), Sheriff and outlaw leader of The Innocents, in Bannock, Montana, Idaho Territory, born and raised in Addison.
Hiram Burnham (1814-1864), Civil War general; Cherryfield.
Reuben L. Snowe (1866-1942), Maine state legislator; born in Danforth.
Theodore Enslin (1925–2011), American poet; resident of Milbridge.
Carl Willey (1931 - 2009), American professional baseball player; Cherryfield.
Lyn Mikel Brown (b. 1956), American academic, author, feminist, and community activist; born in Vanceboro.
Katie Aselton (b. 1978), American actress, film director and producer; born in Milbridge.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Maine
References
External links
Washington County official website
Maine counties
1789 establishments in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1789
USS Ticonderoga may refer to:
was a 17-gun schooner in service from 1814 to 1825
was a screw sloop-of-war in commission from 1863 to 1881
was a former German cargo ship that served the Naval Overseas Transportation Service during World War I in 1917 and 1918
was a long-hull fleet aircraft carrier which served from 1944 to 1973
was a guided missile cruiser and lead ship of her class. Launched in 1981, she was decommissioned on 30 September 2004
United States Navy ship names
Universidad Pedagógica Experimental Libertador (Libertador Experimental Pedagogical University, UPEL) is the main public university institute, dedicated to the formation of teachers and professors in Venezuela. Its main headquarters is on Caracas, the capital of Venezuela, with centers () in other regions, including Aragua, Lara, Miranda, Monagas, and Tachira. The Institute of Professional Improvement of Teachers () constitutes part of the structure of the UPEL, which was named in honor of Simón Bolívar ().
References
Universities and colleges in Caracas
You Cannot Kill David Arquette is a 2020 American documentary film, directed by David Darg and Price James. It follows David Arquette attempting to return to wrestling after his acting career stalls.
It was released on August 21, 2020, by Super LTD.
Synopsis
David Arquette attempts a return to wrestling, which stalled his acting career.
Cast
David Arquette
Patricia Arquette
Rosanna Arquette
Richmond Arquette
Courteney Cox
Ric Flair
Mick Foley
Eric Bischoff
Peter Avalon
Diamond Dallas Page
Production
In December 2019, it was announced David Darg and Price James had directed a documentary film following David Arquette, over the course of two years, with Patricia Arquette, Rosanna Arquette, Richmond Arquette, Courteney Cox, and Ric Flair set to appear in the film.
Release
The film was scheduled to have its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 20, 2020. The festival was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Shortly after, Super LTD acquired distribution rights to the film. It was released to drive-in theatres on August 21, 2020, and via digital platforms and on-demand on August 28.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of . The site's critical consensus reads, "You Cannot Kill David Arquette -- nor can you deny the sheer watchability of this unusual and surprisingly affecting documentary."
Owen Gleiberman gave a positive review for Variety and complimented how the film handles the merger between kayfabe in professional wrestling and reality: "At the end of You Cannot Kill David Arquette, we're drawn into a wrestling narrative that the documentary wants you to believe, even as it stands on the outside looking in. Is Arquette a has-been actor trumping up his biggest failure so that he can exploit it? Or is he a lionhearted wrestler who finds triumph by going the distance? The weird thing is that there's no difference."
For Film Pulse, Adam Patterson gave a generally positive review, but pondered if Arquette could be well received by the audience as an underdog: "This [...] may be a hard pill to swallow for some, considering he has had a seemingly successful career, lives in a beautiful home and has a family who cares for him deeply."
References
External links
2020 films
2020 documentary films
American sports documentary films
Documentary films about sportspeople
Documentary films about actors
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Professional wrestling documentary films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Leukoaraiosis is a particular abnormal change in appearance of white matter near the lateral ventricles. It is often seen in aged individuals, but sometimes in young adults. On MRI, leukoaraiosis changes appear as white matter hyperintensities (WMHs) in T2 FLAIR images. On CT scans, leukoaraiosis appears as hypodense periventricular white-matter lesions.
The term "leukoaraiosis" was coined in 1986 by Hachinski, Potter, and Merskey as a descriptive term for rarefaction ("araiosis") of the white matter, showing up as decreased density on CT and increased signal intensity on T2/FLAIR sequences (white matter hyperintensities) performed as part of MRI brain scans.
These white matter changes are also commonly referred to as periventricular white matter disease, or white matter hyperintensities (WMH), due to their bright white appearance on T2 MRI scans. Many patients can have leukoaraiosis without any associated clinical abnormality. However, underlying vascular mechanisms are suspected to be the cause of the imaging findings. Hypertension, smoking, diabetes, hyperhomocysteinemia, and heart diseases are all risk factors for leukoaraiosis.
Leukoaraiosis has been reported to be an initial stage of Binswanger's disease but this evolution does not always happen.
Causes
White matter hyperintensities can be caused by a variety of factors, including ischemia, micro-hemorrhages, gliosis, damage to small blood vessel walls, breaches of the barrier between the cerebrospinal fluid and the brain, or loss and deformation of the myelin sheath. Multiple small vessel infarcts in the subcortical white matter can cause the condition, often the result of chronic hypertension leading to lipohyalinosis of the small vessels. Patients may develop cognitive impairment and dementia.
Special cases
Ischaemic leukoaraiosis has been defined as the leukoaraiosis present after a stroke.
Diabetes-associated leukoaraiosis has been reported
CuRRL syndrome: increased Cup: Disc Ratio, Retinal GanglionCell Complex thinning, Radial Peripapillary Capillary Network Density Reduction and Leukoaraiosis
CADASIL is a hereditary cerebrovascular disorder associated with T2-hyperintense white matter lesions that have a greater extent and earlier age of onset than age-related leukoaraiosis.
See also
Hyperintensities
Binswanger's disease
Demyelinating disease
References
Further reading
Cerebrum
Harding Lake is a lake in the Fairbanks North Star Borough in Interior Alaska. It is named for President Warren G. Harding, who visited Alaska just before he died. Prior to that it was known as Salchaket Lake Access to the lake is via the Richardson Highway
Fish species
The lake contains a wide variety of native and stocked fish, including Arctic char, burbot, Arctic grayling, and northern pike, as well as several salmon and trout species. Anglers are advised to check current regulations with the Alaska Department of Fish and Game before fishing.
Recreation Area
The lake is home to the Harding Lake State Recreation Area a park which features a large campground, boat launch, and facilities for sports and outdoor games. This is one of the oldest units in the Alaska State Park system, having been founded in 1967, before the formal state park network was even in place.
References
Lakes of Alaska
The Château d'Orcher is a castle in the commune of Gonfreville-l'Orcher in the Seine-Maritime département of France.
Built to protect the mouth of the River Seine, it includes an imposing square crenellated tower. In the 18th century it was transformed into a residence.
History
The Auricher fiefdom was created by the Duke of Normandy for a family who got the name Aurichier from a place down in the Seine Valley and built the castle with a chapel (Sainte-Honorine) on top of a cliff overlooking the Seine. The square keep was surrounded by a trapezoidal enceinte, defended in the 13th century by three square towers. In 1360 it was partly destroyed on the orders of officials from Harfleur. Rebuilt later, it was taken by the English in 1415 at the same time as Harfleur.
The Crespin family was dispossessed by Henry V. Some French sources state that Henry gave the castle to John Falstaff, the fictional Shakespearean character, but this is almost certainly meant to be Sir John Fastolf. In 1434, the castle and its associated possessions and privileges were given to the Duke of Bedford. In 1449, the estates reverted to the Crespins and later, by legacy, went to the Brézé family in 1488 and finally to the O family in 1539. In 1604, the Orcher land was decreed to be the property of Georges Laillet seigneur of Auricher, and consisted of castle, fortress and house covered with slate. In 1632 the estates became the property of the Potier family.
Thomas Planterose took possession in 1735 and over the next ten years set about transforming the castle. He employed master masons François de la Motte and Jacques Lesueur, both from Picardy, and a master plasterer from Caudebec-en-Caux, Courtel]. The elegant woodwork was created by a carpenter from Le Havre, Le Roux. The two north towers and the ruins of the great keep in the north-west were demolished, along with the curtain walls.
In 1795, following the division of the estate with the death of Madame de Melmont, the property was described as a "dwelling house castle and accessories and a farm of 145 acres". In the 19th century, the estate became the property of the Rochechouart family, who had the castle, notably the tower, restored in 1857 by the architect P. Philippon.
The castle grounds are open to the public all year. The Château d'Orcher is listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
See also
List of castles in France
Gonfreville-l'Orcher Commune of Gonfreville-l'Orcher in French Wikipedia
References
External links
Château d'Orcher - official site
View of Château d'Orcher, 1 January1791
Castles in Seine-Maritime
Museums in Seine-Maritime
Historic house museums in Normandy
Monuments historiques of Normandy
The 2020 Maine Democratic presidential primary took place in Maine, United States, on March 3, 2020, as one of 15 contests scheduled on Super Tuesday in the Democratic Party primaries for the 2020 presidential election, following the South Carolina primary the weekend before. The Maine primary, the first in the state since 2000, was a closed primary, meaning that only registered Democrats could vote in this primary, but unenrolled voters were permitted to enroll in a party at the polls with same day registration. The state awarded 32 delegates towards the 2020 Democratic National Convention, 24 of which were pledged delegates allocated based on the results of the primary. The primary election coincided with a people's veto referendum to reject changes to Maine's vaccination laws.
In a result described as a "stunning upset", the Bangor Daily News and the Associated Press called the primary for former vice president Joe Biden, which heavily contrasted Bernie Sanders' win in the 2016 caucus, when he had won with over 60% of the vote against Hillary Clinton. Biden won the primary with 33.4% of the vote, heavily exceeding his polling numbers by at least 10 points, while senator Sanders finished second with a more or less expected or slightly underperformed result of 32.4%. With a margin of less than 2,000 votes and especially just around 300 votes in the 1st congressional district, Biden managed to narrowly gain one more delegate than Sanders in both districts, resulting in his win with 11 delegates over Sanders' 9 delegates. Senator Elizabeth Warren also managed to cross the threshold with 15.6% in the state around her home region but only received 4 delegates.
Procedure
Maine was one of 14 states and one territory holding primaries on March 3, 2020, also known as "Super Tuesday", as Governor Janet Mills had signed a bill which returned the state's nominating contest from a caucus to a primary (last used between 1996 and 2000), matching a national trend for primaries. Although a bill expanding the use of ranked choice voting to presidential primary and general elections was passed by the legislature, Governor Mills delayed implementation until after the 2020 primary.
Voting was expected to take place throughout the state from 6:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. in much of the state, with some precincts opening as late at 10:00 a.m. In the closed primary, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 24 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 24 pledged delegates, 7 and 9 were allocated to each of the state's 2 congressional districts and another 3 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 5 at-large pledged delegates. Differing from past custom the Super Tuesday primary as part of Stage I on the primary timetable received no bonus delegates, in order to disperse the primaries between more different date clusters and keep too many states from hoarding on the first shared date or on a March date in general.
Following municipal caucuses on Sunday, March 8, 2020, to select delegates for the state convention, the state convention would subsequently be held on Saturday, May 30, 2020, to vote on the 16 pledged district, 5 pledged at-large, and 3 PLEO delegates to send to the Democratic National Convention. The 24 pledged delegates Maine sent to the national convention were joined by 8 unpledged PLEO delegates: 4 members of the Democratic National Committee, 2 members of Congress, of which both were representatives, the governor Janet Mills, and former Senate Majority Leader George J. Mitchell.
Candidates
The following candidates were on the ballot in Maine:
Running
Joe Biden
Michael Bloomberg
Tulsi Gabbard
Bernie Sanders
Elizabeth Warren
Withdrawn
Cory Booker
Pete Buttigieg
Amy Klobuchar
Deval Patrick
Tom Steyer
Marianne Williamson
Andrew Yang
Write-in votes are not allowed in Maine and were counted as blank ballots.
Polling
Results
Results by county
See also
2020 Maine Republican presidential primary
Notes
Additional candidates
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Maine Democratic Party delegate selection plan
Maine Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Culture II is the third studio album by American hip hop trio Migos. It was released on January 26, 2018, by Capitol Records, Motown and Quality Control Music. Culture II is a double album consisting of 24 tracks, and features guest appearances from 21 Savage, Drake, Gucci Mane, Travis Scott, Ty Dolla Sign, Big Sean, Nicki Minaj, Cardi B, Post Malone and 2 Chainz. It was executive produced by Quavo, alongside production work from a variety of collaborators including Metro Boomin, Buddah Bless, Kanye West, Pharrell Williams and Murda Beatz, among others. The album serves as a sequel to Migos' previous album, Culture.
Culture II was supported by four singles: "MotorSport", "Stir Fry", "Walk It Talk It" and "Narcos", as well as the promotional single, "Supastars". The album received generally positive reviews from critics and debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. It is Migos' second US number-one album.
Background
In July 2017, a rumor surfaced that Culture II was on a hard drive that was lost by Quavo. Migos confirmed that a single from the album will be dropping soon and was previewed on Rap-Up. Anticipation regarding the upcoming album built due to the Atlanta rap group's use of social media. Posts included many names such as Kanye West, Donald Glover and others who they have worked with, and revealed on January 22 that West helped produce the album.
On November 21, 2017, through a New York Times story on the group, it was revealed that the updated release date for the album was January 2018; earlier reports suggested an October release. Quavo announced on January 8 that he and DJ Durel were mixing the album. On January 15, 2018, Migos announced the release date of January 26 via their official social media accounts. The same day, Quavo posted a snippet of the song "Culture National Anthem". Merchandise for the album has been released within Bloomingdale's 'Music Is Universal' pop-up space in conjunction with Universal Music Group.
Migos' DJ known as DJ Durel says that group only spend 20 to 45 minutes to do each song. He also stated "when they're in the zone, there's no way you can stop them from laying down a good song. It's going to come out perfect. It's not going to come out rushed or anything".
Promotion
Singles
The album's lead single, "MotorSport", was released on October 27, 2017, and includes lead vocals from Cardi B and Nicki Minaj. The song is produced by Murda Beatz and Cubeatz. The song peaked at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100.
The album's second single, "Stir Fry", was released on December 20, 2017. The song is produced by Pharrell Williams. It peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100.
The album's third single, "Walk It Talks It" featuring Drake, was sent to urban contemporary radio on March 18, 2018, the same day as the release of the official music video. The song peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The music video for the song, "Narcos", was released on June 27, 2018. It was later sent to US rhythmic contemporary radio on July 24, 2018, as the album's fourth single. The song initially peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Promotional singles
"Supastars" was released as a promotional single on January 22, 2018, shortly after premiering on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio. The song is produced by Honorable C.N.O.T.E., Buddah Bless, Quavo and DJ Durel. It peaked at number 53 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Critical reception
Culture II was met with generally positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album received an average score of 69, based on 19 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave it 6.7 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
Dave Heaton of PopMatters praised the album saying, "While not all of these 24 songs are equally impressive, nothing about Culture II feels like they're going through the motions". Jordan Bassett of NME said, "Migos are firing on all cylinders here, their new record a lush, chaotic patchwork that pops with primary colours. The fab three have done it again". Alexis Petridis of The Guardian stated that "for such a gargantuan album, it's surprisingly light on its feet, skipping nimbly between musical styles", complimenting the album's production, but criticising the lyrical themes. Dan Weiss of Consequence said, "The trio gave a double album their best, with plenty of head-turning lines, hilarious stray shouts ("dinner rolls!" on "CC" is a fave), and productions that further dilate the luxury trap spectrum, but not wildly so". In his review, Neil Z. Yeung of AllMusic states, "With enough highlights to form a single digestible effort, Migos could have delivered another culture-defining classic with just a little trimming. Instead, they've taken what should have been a potent, big league statement and diluted it". Meaghan Garvey of Pitchfork said, "It's still a joy to hear the Migos rap, which is why it's especially depressing that Culture II ultimately feels like a drag—a formless grab bag compiled without much care". Scott Glaysher of XXL said, "Although the creative achievements aren't revolutionary, they are thorough and consistent".
In a mixed review, Rolling Stones Charles Aaron stated: "Culture II ultimately feels less like a celebratory howl from the mountaintop than a transitional inventory dump. With its easily-trimmable 24 tracks, Culture II appears to be tailored to finesse chart rules, which count 1,500 individual song streams toward one full album sale." In another mixed review, Exclaim!s Calum Slingerland stated: "Having more songs available to stream results in more royalties, though it doesn't equate to a flawless full-length." Kitty Empire of The Observer said, "Culture II was never going to be a modest affair, in which three self-effacing twentysomethings quietly enumerated their blessings. Apart from some anxiety ("Tryna be like the Carters/Gotta be like the Carters" – Too Playa) and exhaustion (Work Hard), Culture II is wall-to-wall diamonds, watches, cars, chains, brands, fashion houses and exotic fauna". Arcade of Sputnikmusic saying "Culture II sounds like a satire of every other rap album released by a major label these days, catering to the lowest common denominator of casual music listener. As a business decision, it's genius; as a piece of music, it's little more than an elaborate consumer scam".
Rankings
In The Wire magazine's annual critics' poll, British music critic Simon Reynolds named Culture II his favorite release of the year.
Commercial performance
Culture II debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with 199,000 album-equivalent units, of which 38,000 were pure album sales in its first week. It is Migos' second US number-one album. On December 14, 2018, Culture II was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for combined sales, streaming and track-sales equivalent of two million units.
In 2018, Culture II was ranked as the tenth most popular album of the year on the Billboard 200. By the end of 2018, the album sold over 1,599,000 album-equivalent units in the US, with over 115,000 being pure sales.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an additional producer
"Narcos" features additional vocals from Filip Nikolic
"Auto Pilot" was originally titled "Auto Pilot (Huncho on the Beat)"
Sample credits
"BBO (Bad Bitches Only)" contains elements from "You've Got the Makings of a Lover", written by Earl Moss, as performed by the Festivals.
"Stir Fry" contains an interpolation of "The Champ", written by Harry Palmer.
"Crown the Kings" contains elements from "Get Up, Stand Up", written by Bob Marley and Peter Tosh, as performed by the Wailers.
"Made Men" contains elements from "Schweet", written by Cornell Wheeler, Jr., from MSXII Sound Design Presents – Lofi Melodics 3.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Musicians
Danny Zook – guitar (track 1)
Filip Nikolic – guitar (track 3)
Mike Dean – keyboard (tracks 4, 10, 24), guitar (track 7), vocoder (tracks 7, 10)
Lee Buddle – saxophone (track 21)
Technical
Ethan Stevens – engineering (all tracks)
Sean Phelan – engineering (all tracks)
Daryl "DJ Durel" McPherson – engineering (all tracks), recording (tracks 1–24), mixing (tracks 1–8, 10–16, 18–24)
Buster Ross – studio assistant (all tracks)
Mike Dean – mixing (tracks 1–8, 10–16, 18–24), mastering (tracks 1–8, 10–16, 18–24)
Quavo – mixing (tracks 1–8, 10–16, 18–24)
Thomas "Tillie" Mann – recording (Offset) (tracks 7, 8), mixing (tracks 9, 17)
Sean Paine – recording assistance (Offset) (track 8)
Mike Larson – recording (track 9)
Thomas Cullison – second recording (track 9)
Leslie Brathwaite – mixing (track 9)
Colin Leonard – mastering (tracks 9, 17)
Aubry "Big Juice" Delaine – recording (Nicki Minaj) (track 17)
Nick Valentin – recording assistance (Nicki Minaj) (track 17)
Brian Judd – recording assistance (Nicki Minaj) (track 17)
Jamil "Millz" Alleyne – tracking (track 20)
Justin "JBTurnMeUp" Boggy – production mixing (track 20)
Additional personnel
Stole "Moab" Stojmenov – art direction, design
Danny Zook – sample clearance (Alien Music)
Ron Cabiltes – sample clearance (Alien Music)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
References
2018 albums
Motown albums
Capitol Records albums
Migos albums
Sequel albums
Albums produced by Murda Beatz
Albums produced by Pharrell Williams
Albums produced by Honorable C.N.O.T.E.
Albums produced by Kanye West
Albums produced by Metro Boomin
Albums produced by Mike Dean (record producer)
Albums produced by Zaytoven
Albums produced by Travis Scott
Albums produced by Cubeatz
Quality Control Music albums
Albums produced by OG Parker
The is a four-axle Bo-Bo wheel arrangement diesel-hydraulic locomotive type operated in Japan as a self-propelled snowplough unit since 1961 by the national railway company Japanese National Railways (JNR), and later by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and West Japan Railway Company (JR West). A total of 50 locomotives were built between 1961 and 1966, and , 6 locomotives remain in service.
Variants
A total of 50 locomotives were built between 1961 and 1966, divided into the following sub-classes.
Class DD15-0: 46 locomotives built between 1961 and 1965
Class DD15-300 4 locomotives built in 1966 with modified gearing
Design
The Class DD15 was developed from the Class DD13 locomotive design, with the addition of snowplough units at either end. The snowplough units could be detached, allowing the locomotives to be used for shunting and other duties outside the winter periods. However, with the snowplough units mounted, the locomotive axle load was nearly 16 t, restricting use on rural lines, and so the class was superseded by the later Class DE15 locomotives, which had separate snowplough units. As with the Class DD13 locomotives, the Class DD15 had two DMF31SB diesel engines.
History
DD15-0
46 Class DD15-0 locomotives were built between 1961 and 1965 by Nippon Sharyo, with the first locomotive delivered in November 1961.
, six Class DD15-0 locomotives remain in service.
DD15-300
Four Class DD15-300 locomotives were built in 1966 by Nippon Sharyo. These locomotives had a modified gear ratio, changed from 1:3.143 to 1:3.196.
, no Class DD15-300 locomotives remain in service.
Fleet status
At the time of privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, 32 Class DD15 locomotives remained in service, with JR East receiving 19 and JR West receiving 13. By 1 April 1995, 25 locomotives were still in service, operated by JR East and JR West, including two DD15-300 locomotives.
, six locomotives remain in service, all operated by JR West.
Preserved examples
, three Class DD15 locomotives are preserved.
DD15 17: Preserved at the Mikasa Railway Park in Mikasa, Hokkaido
DD15 30: Preserved at the Tsuyama Railroad Educational Museum in Tsuyama, Okayama (Built in 1964, Previously operated by Toyama Chiho Railway, and moved to Tsuyama following its withdrawal in 2011.)
DD15 37: Preserved at the Otaru Museum in Otaru, Hokkaido
Classification
The DD15 classification for this locomotive type is explained below.
D: Diesel locomotive
D: Four driving axles
15: Locomotive with maximum speed of 85 km/h or less
References
Diesel locomotives of Japan
DD15
DD15
Bo-Bo locomotives
1067 mm gauge locomotives of Japan
Railway locomotives introduced in 1961
Nippon Sharyo locomotives
Speech Transmission Index (STI) is a measure of speech transmission quality. The absolute measurement of speech intelligibility is a complex science. The STI measures some physical characteristics of a transmission channel (a room, electro-acoustic equipment, telephone line, etc.), and expresses the ability of the channel to carry across the characteristics of a speech signal. STI is a well-established objective measurement predictor of how the characteristics of the transmission channel affect speech intelligibility.
The influence that a transmission channel has on speech intelligibility is dependent on:
the speech level
frequency response of the channel
non-linear distortions
background noise level
quality of the sound reproduction equipment
echos (reflections with delay > 100ms)
the reverberation time
psychoacoustic effects (masking effects)
History
The STI was introduced by Tammo Houtgast and Herman Steeneken in 1971, and was accepted by Acoustical Society of America in 1980. Steeneken and Houtgast decided to develop the Speech Transmission Index because they were tasked to carry out a very lengthy series of dull speech intelligibility measurements for the Netherlands Armed Forces. Instead, they spent the time developing a much quicker objective method (which was actually the predecessor to the STI).
Houtgast and Steeneken developed the Speech Transmission Index while working at The Netherlands Organisation of Applied Scientific Research TNO. Their team at TNO kept supporting and developing the STI, improving the model and developing hardware and software for measuring the STI, until 2010. In that year, the TNO research group responsible for the STI spun out of TNO and continued its work as a privately owned company named Embedded Acoustics. Embedded Acoustics now continues to support development of the STI, with Herman Steeneken (now formally retired from TNO) still acting as a senior consultant.
In the early years (until approx. 1985) the use of the STI was largely limited to a relatively small international community of speech researchers. The introduction of the RASTI ("Room Acoustics STI") made the STI method available to a larger population of engineers and consultants, especially when Bruel & Kjaer introduced their RASTI measuring device (which was based on the earlier RASTI system developed by Steeneken and Houtgast at TNO). RASTI was designed to be much faster than the original ("full") STI, taking less than 30 seconds instead of 15 minutes for a measuring point. However, RASTI was only intended (as the name says) for pure room acoustics, not electro-acoustics. Application of RASTI to transmission chains featuring electro-acoustic components (such as loudspeakers and microphones) became fairly common, and led to complaints about inaccurate results. The use of RASTI was even specified by some application standards (such as CAA specification 15 for aircraft cabin PA systems) for applications featuring electro-acoustics, simply because it was the only feasible method at the time. The inadequacies of RASTI were sometimes simply accepted for lack of a better alternative. TNO did produce and sell instruments for measuring full STI and various other STI derivatives, but these devices were relatively expensive, large and heavy.
Around the year 2000, the need for an alternative to RASTI that could also be applied safely to Public Address (PA) systems had become fully apparent. At TNO, Jan Verhave and Herman Steeneken started work on a new STI method, that would later become known as STIPA (STI for Public Address systems). The first device to include STIPA measurements available for sale to the general public was made by Gold-Line. At this time, STIPA measuring instruments are available from various manufacturers.
RASTI was standardized internationally in 1988, in IEC-60268-16. Since then, IEC-60268-16 has been revised three times, the latest revisions (rev.4) appearing in 2011. Each revision included updates of the STI methodology that had become accepted in the STI research community over time, such as the inclusion of redundancy between adjacent octave bands (rev.2), level-dependent auditory masking (rev.3) and various methods for applying the STI to specific populations such as non-natives and the hearing impaired (rev.4). An IEC maintenance team is currently working on rev. 5.
RASTI was declared obsolete by the IEC in June 2011, with the appearance of rev. 4 of IEC-602682-16. At this time, this simplified STI derivative was still stipulated as a standard method in some industries. STIPA is now seen as the successor to RASTI for almost every application.
Scale
STI is a numeric representation measure of communication channel characteristics whose value varies from 0 = bad to 1 = excellent. On this scale, an STI of at least .5 is desirable for most applications.
Barnett (1995, 1999) proposed to use a reference scale, the Common Intelligibility Scale (CIS), based on a mathematical relation with STI (CIS = 1 + log (STI)).
STI predicts the likelihood of syllables, words and sentences being comprehended. As an example, for native speakers, this likelihood is given by:
If non-native speakers, people with speech disorders or hard-of-hearing people are involved, other probabilities hold.
It is interesting but not astonishing that STI prediction is independent of the language spoken – not astonishing, as the ability of the channel to transport patterns of physical speech is measured.
Another method is defined for computing a physical measure that is highly correlated with the intelligibility of speech as evaluated by speech perception tests given a group of talkers and listeners. This measure is called the Speech Intelligibility Index, or SII.
Nominal qualification bands for STI
The IEC 60268-16 ed4 2011 Standard defines a qualification scale in order to provide flexibility for different applications. The values of this alpha-scale run from "U" to "A+".
Standards
STI has gained international acceptance as the quantifier of channel influence on speech intelligibility. The International Electrotechnical Commission Objective rating of speech intelligibility by speech transmission index, as prepared by the TC 100 Technical Committee, defines the international standard.
Further the following standards have, as part of the requirements to be fulfilled, integrated testing the STI and realisation of a minimal speech transmission index:
International Organization for Standardization (ISO) standard for sound system loudspeakers in Fire detection and fire alarm systems
National Fire Protection Association Alarm Code
British Standards Institution Fire detection and alarm systems for buildings
German Institute for Standardization Sound Systems for Emergency Purposes
STIPA
STIPA (Speech Transmission Index for Public Address Systems) is a version of the STI using a simplified method and test signal. Within the STIPA signal, each octave band is modulated simultaneously with two modulation frequencies. The modulation frequencies are spread among the octave bands in a balanced way, making it possible to obtain a reliable STI measurement based on a sparsely sampled Modulation Transfer Function matrix. Although initially designed for Public Address systems (and similar installations, such as Voice Evacuation Systems and Mass Notification Systems), STIPA can also be used for a variety of other applications. The only situation in which RASTI is currently considered inferior to full STI is in the presence of strong echoes.
A single STIPA measurement generally takes between 15 and 25 seconds, combining the speed of RASTI with (nearly) the wide scope of applicability and reliability of full STI.
Since STIPA has become widely available, and given the fact that RASTI has several disadvantages and no benefits over STIPA, RASTI is now considered obsolete.
Although the STIPA test signal does not resemble speech to the human ear, in terms of frequency content as well as intensity fluctuations it is a signal with speech-like characteristics.
Speech can be described as noise that is intensity-modulated by low-frequency signals. The STIPA signal contains such intensity modulations at 14 different modulation frequencies, spread across 7 octave bands. At the receiving end of the communication system, the depth of modulation of the received signal is measured and compared with that of the test signal in each of a number of frequency bands. Reductions in the modulation depth are associated with loss of intelligibility.
Indirect method
An alternative Impulse response method, also known as the "indirect method," assumes that the channel is linear and requires stricter synchronization of the sound source to the measurement instrument. The main benefit of the indirect method over the direct method (based on modulated test signals) is that the full MTF matrix is measured, covering all relevant modulation frequencies in all octave bands. In very large spaces (such as cathedrals), where echoes are likely to occur, the indirect method is usually preferred over direct method (e.g. using modulated STIPA signals). In general, the indirect method is often the best option when studying speech intelligibility based on "pure room acoustics," when no electro-acoustic components are present within the transmission path.
However, the requirement that the channel must be linear implies that the indirect method cannot be used reliably in many real-life applications: whenever the transmission chain features components that might exhibit non-linear behaviour (such as loudspeakers), indirect measurements may yield incorrect results. Also, depending on the type of impulse response measurement that is used, the influence of background noise present during measurements may not be dealt with correctly. This means that the indirect method should only be used with great care when measuring Public Address systems and Voice Evacuation systems. IEC-60268-16 rev. 4 does not disallow the indirect method for such applications, but issues the following words of warning: "Critical analysis is therefore required of how the impulse response is obtained and potentially influenced by non-linearities in the transmission system, particularly as in practice, system components can be operated at the limits of their performance range." In practice, verification of the validity of the linearity assumption is often too complex for everyday use, making the (direct) STIPA method the preferred method whenever loudspeakers are involved.
Although many measuring tools based on the indirect method offer STIPA as well as "full STI" options, the sparse Modulation Transfer Function matrix inherent to STIPA offers no advantages when using the indirect method. Impulse response based STIPA measurements must not be confused with direct STIPA measurements, as the validity of the result still depends on whether or not the channel is linear.
List of manufacturers of STI measuring instruments
STI measuring instruments are (and have been) made by various manufacturers. Below is a list of brands under which STI measuring instruments have been sold, in alphabetical order.
Audio Precision . Offers an STI Plug-in option for use with APx500 Series audio analyzers.
Audiomatica . Offers an STI (including STIPA) tool in CLIO 11 system that is compliant with the latest version of the standard (IEC-60268-16 rev. 4). CLIO 12 system is capable of both indirect STI/STIPA and direct STIPA measurements.
Bedrock Audio . This is the brand under which Embedded Acoustics sells their STIPA hardware, such as the SM50.
Brüel & Kjær . Offers handheld as well as software based solutions.
Gold Line . First to offer STIPA measuring solutions (DSP2 and DSP30), but currently not offering any tools that comply with the latest standards (IEC-60268-16 rev. 4).
HEAD acoustics . Offers STI options (including STIPA, STITEL, and RASTI) for both the Artemis Suite and ACQUA test systems.
Ivie . Offers STIPA-capable acoustic measuring tools such as the IE-45.
Norsonic . Norsonic was early to adopt STIPA and offer STIPA modules on their instruments (Nor-140). Sold by Scantek, Inc. in Columbia Maryland.
NTi Audio . Offers STIPA modules with their AL1 and XL2 line of acoustic measuring instruments as well as a Talkbox and other peripherals. Apparent market leader at this moment (2013).
Quest . Now part of 3M, Quest produces tools such as the Quest Verifier.
TNO. Not currently marketing any products, but sold (among others) the STIDAS series of measuring instruments before.
Svantek Offers an STI (including STIPA) measurement solution with their more advanced sound level meters.
The market for STI measuring solution is still developing, so the above list is subject to change as manufacturers enter or leave the market. The list does not include software producers that produce STI-capable acoustic measuring and simulation software. Mobile apps for STIPA measurements (such as the ones sold by Studio Six Digital and Embedded Acoustics ) are also excluded from the list.
See also
Mean opinion score
References
Jacob, K., McManus, S., Verhave, J.A., and Steeneken, H., (2002) "Development of an Accurate, Handheld, Simple-to-use Meter for the Prediction of Speech Intelligibility", Past, Present, and Future of the Speech Transmission Index, International Symposium on STI
External links
Intelligibility Conversion: %ALcons = Articulation Loss of Consonants in % to STI = Speech Transmission Index and vice versa
Background information on the STI and links to STI resources
Speech Intelligibility Papers IV
STI explained for the non sound specialist
Communication
Hearing
Human voice
Sound
Waves
The "Zero Option" was the name given to an American proposal for the withdrawal of all Soviet and United States intermediate-range nuclear missiles from Europe. This term was subsequently expanded to describe the vision of eliminating all nuclear weapons everywhere.
Reagan's initial proposal and reactions
U.S. President Ronald Reagan proposed this plan on 18 November 1981. He offered not to proceed with the deployment of Pershing II and cruise missiles – previously announced on 12 December 1979 and due to begin in 1983 – if the Soviet Union would remove its SS-4, SS-5 and SS-20 missiles targeted on Western Europe.
European and American anti-nuclear activists denounced the Zero Option as designed to be rejected so that the U.S. could deploy the new missiles without condemnation by critics there and abroad. Reagan's proposal came to widespread public attention especially in Germany, where the translated term Nullösung was chosen as Word of the Year 1981 by the Gesellschaft für deutsche Sprache.
Following the coming to power of Mikhail Gorbachev, however, nuclear arms control negotiations were resumed, and the Zero Option constituted the basis of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, agreed in principle in September 1987 and signed on 8 December that year.
Later similar disarmament concepts
Reagan's vision toward the elimination of nuclear weapons went far beyond the goals of the INF treaty. On January 16, 1984, he delivered a speech saying:
Our aim was and continues to be to eliminate an entire class of nuclear arms. Indeed, I support a zero option for all nuclear arms. As I've said before, my dream is to see the day when nuclear weapons will be banished from the face of the Earth.
The final total of Soviet and United States nuclear missiles, eliminated under the terms of the INF Treaty by the end of May 1991, was 2,692. The fulfilment of this multilateral agreement, which removed both intermediate- and shorter-range nuclear forces from Europe (the "Double-Zero" deal), was widely seen as a key step towards ending the Cold War.
21st-century effort
The push for total nuclear weapons abolition was promoted again by U.S. President Barack Obama in a speech given on April 4, 2009, in Prague, where he announced ...
Obama went on in that speech to state:
See also
Nuclear disarmament
References
External links
Issues with Arms Control from the Dean Peter Krogh Foreign Affairs Digital Archives
Arms control
Cold War military history of the United States
Soviet Union–United States relations
1981 in international relations
Maria Grachvogel (born 11 July 1969) is a British fashion designer. Grachvogel designs under her own label, has a store in London and regularly stages shows at London Fashion Week. Her clients have included Emma Thompson, Scarlett Johansson, Angelina Jolie, and Victoria Beckham, who has modelled for her at London Fashion Week.
Early life and career
Maria Grachvogel was born in London to a Polish father and Irish mother. She was a keen designer as a teenager, creating her first collection at the age of 14. On leaving school she initially pursued a career in the City to raise capital to start her own business, passing a London Stock Exchange examination at the age of 17.
Design career
Grachvogel's first fashion business was a partnership with a friend and fellow designer. After the partnership ended, she briefly returned to working in the City, but resumed designing within six months. She founded her own company in January 1991, aged 21, with a collection of nine dresses. She exhibited at London Fashion Week for the first time in 1994, and staged her first catwalk show there in 1995.
Grachvogel attracted international attention when Victoria Beckham appeared as a model in her February 2000 catwalk show at London Fashion Week. Beckham appeared first in green satin hot pants, followed by a flamenco-styled crimson gown, and reappeared at the end of the show in a long off-the-shoulder red dress.
Later that year Grachvogel again attracted publicity when she designed a dress hand-sewn with 2,000 diamonds worth approximately £250,000 for her September show. The dress was a long black silk evening gown slashed to the thigh, with the diamonds in rows on the bodice. The diamonds were set in 18-carat gold and totalled 190 carats in weight. The dress was modelled by Jodie Kidd, and formed the finale to the show.
Grachvogel launched her store in 2001, based in Sloane Street, London. Her designs include "Magic Pants", trousers without pockets or side seams designed to give the wearer a smooth silhouette. In 2011 the store moved to Culford Gardens, London.
Personal life
Grachvogel married Mike Simcock, an investment banker, on her 40th birthday in July 2009. She gave birth to a son in March 2010.
References
1969 births
English fashion designers
British women fashion designers
Living people
Artists from London
English people of Irish descent
English people of Polish descent
In six-dimensional geometry, a truncated 6-cube (or truncated hexeract) is a convex uniform 6-polytope, being a truncation of the regular 6-cube.
There are 5 truncations for the 6-cube. Vertices of the truncated 6-cube are located as pairs on the edge of the 6-cube. Vertices of the bitruncated 6-cube are located on the square faces of the 6-cube. Vertices of the tritruncated 6-cube are located inside the cubic cells of the 6-cube.
Truncated 6-cube
Alternate names
Truncated hexeract (Acronym: tox) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction and coordinates
The truncated 6-cube may be constructed by truncating the vertices of the 6-cube at of the edge length. A regular 5-simplex replaces each original vertex.
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a truncated 6-cube having edge length 2 are the permutations of:
Images
Related polytopes
The truncated 6-cube, is fifth in a sequence of truncated hypercubes:
Bitruncated 6-cube
Alternate names
Bitruncated hexeract (Acronym: botox) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction and coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a bitruncated 6-cube having edge length 2 are the permutations of:
Images
Related polytopes
The bitruncated 6-cube is fourth in a sequence of bitruncated hypercubes:
Tritruncated 6-cube
Alternate names
Tritruncated hexeract (Acronym: xog) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction and coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a tritruncated 6-cube having edge length 2 are the permutations of:
Images
Related polytopes
Related polytopes
These polytopes are from a set of 63 Uniform 6-polytopes generated from the B6 Coxeter plane, including the regular 6-cube or 6-orthoplex.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
o3o3o3o3x4x - tox, o3o3o3x3x4o - botox, o3o3x3x3o4o - xog
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
The Newcastle Croatia Football Club is an Australian football (soccer) from Newcastle, New South Wales. The club was formed by the city's Croatian Australian community as Newcastle Croatia in 1984 and debuted that year in the 5th Division of the Newcastle League. the club is based in Wickham, New South Wales and would in following years change its name to Wickham Croatia. The club eventually disbanded in 1994.
In 2021, under the umbrella of the Croatian Wickham Sports Club, the club was re-established and is set to play its first season since re-establishment in 2022 in the Northern NSW Zone Football League Three (6th division of Northern NSW).
History
First Iteration (1984-1994)
• 1986, Minor Premiers of the 5th Division and were promoted to 4th Division
• 1987, Grand Finalists and Minor Premiers of 4th Division
• 1988, Grand Final Runners-Up and Minor Premiers of 3rd Division. Promoted to 2nd Division
It was a remarkably quick rise from the club, by 1991 the club had made it all the way to the premier competition, the NBN State Football League, only 7 years after its formation. The club immediately cemented itself as one of the top sides in the league, finishing an impressive 4th in its debut season.
The club had a few stellar seasons in the NBN State Football League where it came 3rd in seasons 1992 and 1993. In 1992 the club had a great run in the finals, with the club making the Grand Final against West Wallsend FC. Unfortunately Newcastle Croatia went down 2–1 at Austral Park in front of a crowd of 2,500 spectators. The club would again make the Grand Final in 1994, losing 2–1 to Highfields Azzurri.
However the club was disbanded following the 1994 season when it couldn't field a team in the NBN State Football League. The club had also been a regular participant in the Australian-Croatian Soccer Tournament.
The 1992 Newcastle Croatia Grand Final squad:
David Connor
Grant Brinkworth
John Tonkin
Craig A. Jones
Michael Boogaard
Reg Chilby (captain)
John Govan
Steve Bajzath
Karl Freeman
Steve Brown
Lorenzo Saetta
Substitutes:
Craig L. Jones
Doug Elphick
Chris Breasley
Jason Coombes
Michael Kmet
Richard Hartley (coach)
Second Iteration (2021-present)
In 2021, under the umbrella of the Croatian Wickham Sports Club, the club was re-established and is set to play its first season since re-establishment in 2022 in the Northern NSW Zone Football League Three.
See also
List of Croatian football clubs in Australia
Australian-Croatian Soccer Tournament
References
Croatian sports clubs in Australia
Defunct soccer clubs in Australia
Soccer clubs in Newcastle, New South Wales
1984 establishments in Australia
1994 disestablishments in Australia
Association football clubs established in 1984
Association football clubs disestablished in 1994
Carenum puncticolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
puncticolle
Beetles described in 1864
Ciuperceni is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Boboiești, Ciuperceni, Peșteana-Vulcan, Priporu, Strâmba-Vulcan, Vârtopu and Zorzila.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Admiral Sir Wilfred Frankland French, KCB, CMG (9 November 1880 – 6 December 1958) was an officer in the British Royal Navy.
Naval career
French entered the Royal Navy in the late 1890s, and was promoted to lieutenant on 1 April 1902. The following month, he was posted to the battleship HMS Goliath, serving at the China station. His career included time as flag captain of (1927–1929); Commanding Officer of the 2nd Battlecruiser Squadron (1931–1932); and Vice-Admiral in charge, Malta, from 1934 to 1937. He received the KCB in 1936.
At the start of the Second World War, French was Admiral Commanding, Orkneys and Shetlands (ACOS). On 14 October 1939, the anchorage of Scapa Flow was infiltrated by the , which sank the battleship with the loss of 833 lives. The official report into the disaster cast blame for the weak defences at Scapa on French. Despite having earlier warned of the dangers of attack, and offering to bring a small boat or submarine into the anchorage to prove his point, French was forced to retire from active service, and was posted to Washington as an administrative and maintenance representative, serving there until 1944.
References
Sources
|-
1880 births
1958 deaths
Royal Navy admirals of World War II
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
People educated at Stubbington House School
Logan County is a county in the southwest Pennyroyal Plateau area of the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,432. Its county seat is Russellville.
History
The county is named for Benjamin Logan, who had been second in command of the Kentucky militia during the American Revolutionary War and was a leader in bringing statehood to the area. Created from Lincoln County on September 1, 1792, Logan was the 13th Kentucky county in order of formation. Its original territory stretched from the Mississippi in the west to the Little Barren River in the east, and from the Green and Ohio Rivers in the north to the Tennessee border on the south; since then, 28 other counties have been formed within that area. The settlement of Logan Court House was made the county seat at its incorporation under the name Russellville.
Future President Andrew Jackson fought a pistol duel against Charles Dickinson at Harrison's Mill in Logan County on May 30, 1806. Jackson was seriously wounded and Dickinson was killed.
During the post-Reconstruction period, there was considerable racial violence by white mobs against black citizens in Logan County. Racist mobs lynched 12 African Americans in the county during the years between 1877 and 1908; most were killed around the turn of the 20th century. This is a higher total than in all but one other county in the state. Four men were killed in a mass lynching on August 1, 1908, in Russellville, during the civil unrest associated with the Black Patch Tobacco Wars. Sharecroppers Joseph Riley, and Virgil, Robert, and Thomas Jones, the last three members of the same family, were all hanged from the same cedar tree. They were the last persons lynched in Logan county.
Logan was a major tobacco-growing county, with Dark Fired Tobacco produced by a special smoke processing. From 1906 some of its farmers became involved in the violent Black Patch Tobacco Wars, joining the Dark Tobacco District Planters' Protective Association of Kentucky and Tennessee to mobilize against the monopoly power of the American Tobacco Company, which had driven down prices to where farmers could barely make a living. Paramilitary Night Riders threatened other tobacco planters to "persuade" them to join the PPA. In late 1907 and early 1908, hundreds of Night Riders conducted raids against tobacco warehouses in some Kentucky towns. They struck Russellville on January 3, 1908, taking over the city and dynamiting two tobacco factories.
21st century
In 2009, the Logan County/Russellville Little League Baseball team won the Little League World Series Great Lakes Regional Tournament as the 4th team from Kentucky to do so (as of 2017, Kentucky has had seven teams win the Great Lakes Tournament) to represent the Great Lakes Region in the Little League World Series.
Geography
Logan County is on the south border of Kentucky; its south line abuts the north line of Tennessee. Its low hills are completely devoted to agriculture or urban development. Its highest point (868 feet/265 meters ASL) is Rainbow Rock Knob WSW, located 3.6 miles (5.8 km) ESE from Russellville. The Red River flows northwestward through the central and west part of the county, discharging into Todd County on the west.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Muhlenberg County - northwest
Butler County - north
Warren County - northeast
Simpson County - southeast
Robertson County, Tennessee - south
Todd County - west
Lakes
Briggs Lake
Boy Scout Lake
Lake Herndon
Lake Malone (part)
Demographics
2000 Census
As of the census, of 2000, there were 26,573 people, 10,506 households, and 7,574 families in the county. The population density was . There were 11,875 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.70% White, 7.62% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.33% from other races, and 0.96% from two or more races. 1.08% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,506 households, out of which 33.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.20% were married couples living together, 11.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.96.
The county population contained 25.70% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 28.50% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,474, and the median income for a family was $39,307. Males had a median income of $29,750 versus $20,265 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,962. About 10.80% of families and 15.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.50% of those under age 18 and 18.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Adairville
Auburn
Lewisburg
Russellville (county seat)
Unincorporated places
Chandlers Chapel
Corinth
Dot
Epleys
Gasper
Gordonsville
Hilltop
Hollow Bill
Keysburg
Lickskillet
Olmstead
Richelieu
Schochoh
South Union
Whipporwill
Attractions
Lake Malone State Park
Red River Meeting House
Shaker Museum at South Union
Notable people
Philip Alston, counterfeiter and early settler near Russellville
Jim Bowie
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Kentucky
News Democrat & Leader, local newspaper
References
Kentucky counties
1792 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1792
Knighton was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, when the existing Knighton Rural Sanitary District was divided into three: the section in Herefordshire was reconstituted as Wigmore Rural District, that in Shropshire as Teme Rural District, while the remaining section in Radnorshire became Knighton Rural District. The rural district council was based in the town of Knighton which was a separate urban district.
The rural district comprised seventeen civil parishes:
Beguildy
Bleddfa
Cascob
Discoed
Heyope
Knighton
Litton and Cascob
Llananno
Llanbadarn Fynydd
Llanbister
Llanddewi Ystradenny
Llanfihangel Rhydrithon
Llangunllo
Norton
Pilleth
Stanage
Whitton
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.
References
Rural districts of Wales
History of Radnorshire
Radnorshire
Louis-Marie-Joseph Maximilian Caffarelli du Falga (February 13, 1756 – 27 April 1799) was a French commander and scholar. His younger brothers Marie-François Auguste de Caffarelli du Falga (1766–1849) and Louis-Marie Joseph Caffarelli (1760–1845) were also generals.
Life
The oldest of ten children, he refused to exercise the right of the first-born son to the majority of his parents' wealth. He served under Jean Baptiste Kléber in the army of Sambre-et-Meuse, losing his left leg to a cannonball on December 17, 1795, but continuing in the army with a wooden leg, and joined Kléber on the Egyptian campaign.
Accompanying Napoleon on the French invasion of Egypt, he was present when Napoleon landed at Valletta to occupy Malta on 12 June 1798. Like the other French generals, he was impressed by its defences, saying to Napoleon, "Upon my word, General, it is lucky there is someone in the town to open the gates for us!" A saying arose about him among the expeditionary troops in France: "Caffa doesn't give a damn what happens; he's always sure to have one foot in France." He was elected a member of the Institut d'Égypte's political economy section on February 13, 1796, in the class of moral and political science, and formed part of the commission for drafting the Institute's regulations. He also accompanied Napoleon on the surveys to trace the route of what later become the Suez Canal.
He then had to have his right arm amputated when his elbow was smashed by a bullet during a new assault on Acre on April 9, 1799. He was just starting to learn to write with his left hand when gangrene struck, causing a fever that killed him. Napoleon wrote of him in the order of the day: "Our universal regrets accompany General Caffarelli to the grave; the army is losing one of its bravest leaders, Egypt one of its legislators, France one of its best citizens, and science, an illustrious scholar." He is the hero of Youssef Chahine's film Adieu Bonaparte.
External links
Life of Napoleon, Chapter 13
A New General Biographical Dictionary, p386
A History of the Egyptian Revolution
1756 births
1799 deaths
People from Haute-Garonne
French people of Italian descent
French Republican military leaders killed in the French Revolutionary Wars
French amputees
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
This is a list of Nepali literature translated in the English language.
Nepali literature written in English
Further reading
References
English
Nepali literature
Literature,English
The Itatiaia spinetail (Asthenes moreirae), also known as the Itatiaia thistletail, is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It was previously placed as the only member of the genus Oreophylax, however recent classification has placed it in the genus Asthenes. It is endemic to southeastern Brazil. Its common name refers to the Itatiaia region. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Itatiaia spinetail
Birds of Brazil
Endemic birds of Brazil
Itatiaia spinetail
Itatiaia spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kilmurry Ibrickane can refer to
Kilmurry Ibrickane (Catholic parish)
Kilmurry Ibrickane (civil parish)
Kilmurry Ibrickane GAA
The Kuta are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They are also known as Dhankuta .
Origin
The Kuta are an occupational Hindu caste traditionally associated with rice husking. According to some traditions, the word kuta is a corruption of the Hindi word kutna, which means to pound. The Kuta themselves claim to be Yaduvanshi Rajputs, who took up the occupation of rice husking. Over time this change of occupation led to the formation of a distinct community. They are a small community, found mainly in the districts of Bahraich, Moradabad and Shahjahanpur.
Present Circumstances
The Kuta are strictly endogamous and practice clan exogamy. They are divided into ten exogamous sub-divisions, known as paltis, namely the Chauhan, Parihar, Gahlot, Solanki, Hamoria, Shishwal, Chandravanshi, Rathor, Parmar and Kotak. The main function of the palti is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances.
The Kuta have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, with the growth of rice mills. Most Kuta are now petty businessmen, setting up their own rice mills. Others are involved in the transportation business. Like other Hindu castes, they have set a caste association, the Dhankut Samaj Kalyan Samiti, which acts as a community welfare association. Each Kuta settlement also contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.
See also
Lohar
References
Social groups of Uttar Pradesh
Indian castes
Central Bedfordshire College (formerly Dunstable College, also known as CBC) is a British further education college located in Bedfordshire, England. The college was established in 1961 in Dunstable. On 14 January 2010, the college was renamed Central Bedfordshire College. Ali Hadawi CBE, principal and chief executive explained that the change of name was to reflect the College's commitment to Central Bedfordshire as a whole and be recognised as the premier post sixteen institution in the area.
Today, the college has four campuses across Central Bedfordshire, in Dunstable, Houghton Regis, Luton and Leighton Buzzard. The college offers a range of courses, full-time and part-time, vocational and academic, from further education to higher education.
The college was a co-sponsor of UTC Central Bedfordshire, a university technical college which operated at the Houghton Regis campus of Central Bedfordshire College from 2012 until 2016.
Courses include:
Dunstable
Further education colleges in Bedfordshire
Education in Central Bedfordshire District
Educational institutions established in 1961
Educational institutions established in 2010
1961 establishments in England
2010 establishments in England
Sanborn (formerly, Plano) is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad southeast of Mojave, at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Mojave, California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Unincorporated communities in California
Severo Córdova (November 8, 1892 – January 1974), nicknamed "Pete", was a Cuban infielder in the Cuban League and Negro leagues in the 1910s and 1920s.
A native of Havana, Cuba, Córdova played in the Cuban League for San Francisco Park in 1915–1916. He went on to play in the Negro leagues for the Kansas City Monarchs in 1921 and the Cleveland Tate Stars in 1923. Córdova died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1974 at age 81.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1892 births
1974 deaths
Cleveland Tate Stars players
Kansas City Monarchs players
San Francisco Park players
Cuban baseball players
Baseball infielders
Sportspeople from Havana
James Hutchinson Sutter (1818 – 13 April 1903) was a 19th-century member of parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.
He represented the Gladstone electorate from to 1887, when he retired. He was Mayor of Timaru from 1875 to 1876 and from 1879 to 1882. He died on 13 April 1903, aged 85.
References
1818 births
1903 deaths
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Mayors of Timaru
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Sealdah - Rampurhat Intercity Express is a Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Sealdah in West Bengal and Rampurhat Junction of West Bengal. It is currently being operated with 12373/12374 train numbers on three days a week basis.
Service
The 12373/Sealdah - Rampurhat Intercity Express has an average speed of 58 km/hr and covers 214.8 km in 3 hrs 40 mins. 12374/Rampurhat - Sealdah Intercity Express has an average speed of 58 km/hr and covers 214.8 km in 3 hrs 40 mins.
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are:
Coach composite
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consists of 10 coaches :
1 Chair Car
6 General
2 Second-class Luggage/parcel van
Traction
Both trains are hauled by an Asansol Loco Shed based WAG-5 or WAG-5P or WAM-4 electric locomotive from Sealdah to Rampurhat and vice versa.
Rake Sharing
The train shares its rake with 13013/13014 Barddhaman - Rampurhat Express
See also
Sealdah railway station
Rampurhat railway station
Barddhaman - Rampurhat Express
Maa Tara Express
Notes
External links
12373/Sealdah - Rampurhat Intercity Express
12374/Rampurhat - Sealdah Intercity Express
References
Transport in Kolkata
Transport in Rampurhat
Intercity Express (Indian Railways) trains
Rail transport in West Bengal
Railway services introduced in 2011
Opisthotropis cucae, Cuc's mountain snake, is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2011
Reptiles of Vietnam
Jianwu (建武) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Jianwu (25–56), era name used by Emperor Guangwu of Han
Jianwu (304), era name used by Emperor Hui of Jin
Jianwu (317–318), era name used by Emperor Yuan of Jin
Jianwu (335–348), era name used by Shi Hu, emperor of Later Zhao
Jianwu (386), era name used by Murong Zhong, emperor of Western Yan
Jianwu (494–498), era name used by Emperor Ming of Southern Qi
Jianwu (529), era name used by Yuan Hao, self-proclaimed ruler of Northern Wei
See also
Sword dance, known in Chinese as Jianwu ()
William T. Corbett (1902 – April 17, 1971) was a United States Department of the Interior attorney who served as Secretary of Guam under Ford Quint Elvidge, and later became as the interim Governor of Guam from May 19, 1956, to October 2, 1956. He was the brother of Representative Robert J. Corbett. Graduating from the University of Pittsburgh College of Arts and Sciences in 1924 and the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 1927, Corbett opened a private workers' compensation law firm before joining the Department of the Interior. He died on April 17, 1971, at the Northern Virginia Doctors Hospital at the age of 69.
References
Lawyers who have represented the United States government
Governors of Guam
University of Pittsburgh alumni
University of Pittsburgh School of Law alumni
1971 deaths
Secretaries of Guam
1902 births
Guamanian Republicans
20th-century American politicians
The women's high jump event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
High jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
High
Fahan railway station served Fahan in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 19 September 1864 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh. Facilities included a good shed, cattle pens and a spur to the end of the original Fahan Pier.
In January 1881 one James Bond was appointed Station Master to replace his predecessor who had been dismissed. It is reputed SM Bond in 1885 erected a small windmill powering a dynamo to generate electricity to light the station.
It closed for passengers on 6 September 1948.
After its closure as a railway station, the building continues to in use as a restaurant and pub, named the 'Railway Tavern & Firebox Grill'.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1864
Railway stations closed in 1948
1864 establishments in Ireland
1948 disestablishments in Ireland
Desmond Michael Bane (born June 25, 1998) is an American professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the TCU Horned Frogs.
Early life
After he was born, Bane, his mother Marissa, and his sister often moved around. When he was two years old, he started living with his great-grandparents, who raised him in Richmond, Indiana, for the rest of his childhood. At age 13, Bane discovered that his father, Etieno Ekiko, lived in Nigeria. Growing up, he found more success in baseball than in basketball but preferred the latter sport. Bane focused on baseball until eighth grade, with his great-grandfather coaching at the youth level, and also played football and soccer.
High school career
Bane played basketball for Seton Catholic High School, a small private school in Richmond, Indiana. He was drawn to the school because it appointed Josh Jurgens, who coached him in third grade, as head basketball coach during his eighth-grade season. As a senior, Bane averaged a state-high 30 points, 11.5 rebounds, 6.1 assists and 3.2 blocks per game. He scored a school-record 62 points and nine three-pointers in a win over Lincoln Senior High School. He was named MVP of the Wettig Memorial Holiday Tournament. Bane scored 1,991 points over his four-year career, surpassing 1988 Indiana Mr. Basketball winner Woody Austin for the most in Wayne County history. He did not receive an NCAA Division I offer until his senior season, when Furman offered him at the end of November early signing period. On May 12, 2016, Bane committed to play college basketball for TCU. He was not rated by major recruiting services 247Sports, ESPN, or Rivals.
College career
Bane earned Big 12 Newcomer of the Week honors after scoring 18 points and pulling down seven rebounds against Bradley. He had 16 points including three free throws with two seconds remaining to help TCU defeat number one-ranked Kansas, 85–82, in the quarterfinals of the Phillips 66 Big 12 Championship. Bane helped TCU win the NIT as a freshman, contributing nine points in the title game against Georgia Tech. He averaged 7.1 points and 2.9 rebounds per game and making 13 starts. In an 89–83 victory over Iowa State, Bane scored a season-high 27 points. As a sophomore, Bane averaged 12.5 points and 4.1 rebounds per game and his 47.2% 3-point percentage led the Big 12. In the NCAA Tournament, Bane had five points, four rebounds, four assists, a steal, and a block in the first-round loss to Syracuse. As a junior, Bane was named to the Second Team All-Big 12. He had a career-high 34 points in the team's regular-season finale against Texas and scored 30 points versus Nebraska in the second round of the NIT. Bane averaged 15.2 points per game to lead the team, 5.7 rebounds per game and shot 42.5% from behind the arc. After the season, he "tested the waters" of the NBA draft but returned to TCU. As a senior, Bane was named to the First Team All-Big 12. Bane averaged 16.6 points and 6.3 rebounds per game, and his 44.2% three-point percentage led the Big 12. On March 2, 2020, Bane was named Big 12 player of the week after scoring 23 points in a 75–72 upset over second-ranked Baylor.
Professional career
Memphis Grizzlies (2020–present)
Bane was selected with the 30th pick in the 2020 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics. He became the first TCU player to be picked in the first round since 1995. Bane was subsequently traded to the Memphis Grizzlies for a future pick. On November 25, 2020, the Memphis Grizzlies announced that they had signed Bane. Bane was selected to the All-Rookie Second Team after his rookie season. He had the highest three point field goal percentage in a rookie season since Stephen Curry (minimum 150 attempts).
On December 5, 2021, Bane scored a career-high 29 points and had nine rebounds in a 97–90 win over the Dallas Mavericks. Bane and Tyrese Haliburton were the winners of the Clorox Clutch Challenge at the 2022 NBA All Star Weekend. On March 23, 2022, Bane set the Grizzlies' franchise record for three-pointers made in a season, surpassing Mike Miller's record set in 2007 (202).
In the first round of the 2022 NBA Playoffs while facing the Minnesota Timberwolves, on April 22, Bane led Memphis in scoring with 34 points during a 119-118 Game 4 loss. On April 30, Bane scored 23 points to help Memphis Grizzlies eliminate Minnesota Timberwolves and reach the 2nd round of the postseason. Bane made 27 3-pointers in the series and created a new record for most 3-pointers in team history for a single postseason.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 68 || 17 || 22.3 || .469 || .432 || .816 || 3.1 || 1.7 || .6 || .2 || 9.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 76 || 76 || 29.8 || .461 || .436 || .903 || 4.4 || 2.7 || 1.2 || .4 || 18.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 144 || 93 || 26.3 || .464 || .435 || .882 || 3.8 || 2.3 || .9 || .3 || 14.0
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 5 || 0 || 19.8 || .579 || .500 || — || 3.4 || 2.0 || .8 || .4 || 5.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2022
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 12 || 12 || 35.7 || .478 || .489 || .857 || 3.8 || 2.2 || .9 || .8 || 18.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 17 || 12 || 31.0 || .489 || .490 || .857 || 3.6 || 2.1 || .9 || .6 || 14.9
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| TCU
| 39 || 13 || 20.7 || .515 || .380 || .768 || 2.9 || 1.0 || .3 || .2 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| TCU
| 33 || 32 || 30.5 || .539 || .461 || .780 || 4.1 || 2.5 || .9 || .2 || 12.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| TCU
| 37 || 37 || 35.5 || .502 || .425 || .867 || 5.7 || 2.4 || 1.1 || .5 || 15.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| TCU
| 32 || 32 || 36.0 || .452 || .442 || .789 || 6.3 || 3.9 || 1.5 || .5 || 16.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 141 || 114 || 30.3 || .495 || .433 || .801 || 4.7 || 2.4 || .9 || .4 || 12.7
Personal life
Bane is a devout Catholic.
References
External links
TCU Horned Frogs bio
USA Basketball bio
1998 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
African-American Catholics
American men's basketball players
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Basketball players from Indiana
Boston Celtics draft picks
Catholics from Indiana
Memphis Grizzlies players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Richmond, Indiana
TCU Horned Frogs men's basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Woodstock Sessions Vol. 2 is an album by Medeski Martin & Wood and guitarist Nels Cline which was recorded live in the studio and released in April 2014 on the band's Woodstock Sessions label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard awarded the album 4 stars out of 5, stating "These guys are sonic explorers and over the course of the session they go just about everywhere: electronic ambient, soul jazz, rock freakouts, '50s sci-fi, mysterious exotica, and even a little taste of New Orleans. It's not for everyone, but fans of either band should be thrilled, as should anyone interested in well-done experimental music without boundaries". Writing for All About Jazz, John Kelman said "Woodstock Sessions, Vol. 2 finds the decade-long Wilco guitarist encouraging the trio to go to musical places no one has truly gone before. It may be a roller coaster of a listen but it's still somehow a strangely attractive one, especially when experienced old school, as a whole rather than a set of nine individual tracks". PopMatters' Will Layman stated "Woodstock Sessions Vol. 2 features a group of musicians who could easily play to the audiences that are so utterly ready to love them. Instead, they play for themselves, for the passion they have for their art. It's not a record to alienate fans, but it's a record to challenge fans and win them over to stretches beyond their comfort zone. A thrill, a dare, a terrific record".
Track listing
All compositions by John Medeski, Nels Cline, Chris Wood and Billy Martin.
"Doors of Deception"- 2:12
"Bonjour Beze" - 11:51
"Mezcal" - 5:53
"Los Blank" - 14:29
"Jade" - 4:11
"Looters" - 10:46
"Conebranch" - 2:10
"Arm & Leg" - 8:17
"Cinders"- 5:11
Personnel
Nels Cline - guitar
John Medeski - keyboards
Chris Wood - bass
Billy Martin - drums
References
2014 albums
Medeski Martin & Wood albums
Nels Cline albums
Minecraft Legends is an upcoming real-time action strategy video game developed by Mojang Studios and Blackbird Interactive and published by Xbox Game Studios. It is set to be released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, and Windows in the first half of 2023. It is a spin-off of Minecraft.
Gameplay
Minecraft Legends is a real-time action strategy video game. It has strategy elements at its core, but its mechanics are inspired by action games. It is explored in a third-person perspective. The game features both cooperative and competitive multiplayer.
Plot
Minecraft Legends takes place in the Minecraft universe during an invasion by the piglins from the Nether. The Nether spreads its corruption across the Overworld. A great hero raises their banner to save the Overworld and bring together Overworld mobs to help defend their home. The events Legends take place in are neither fact nor fiction in the Minecraft universe, but rather take place in a tale that has been passed down through generations.
Development
Minecraft Legends began development in 2018. The game was announced during the Xbox and Bethesda Games Showcase on June 12, 2022. After the show, a trailer on the Minecraft YouTube channel confirmed additional platforms. It is developed by series creators Mojang Studios in collaboration with Blackbird Interactive, a team founded by former Relic Entertainment employees, who are best known for developing the Homeworld series of real-time strategy games.
Legends are currently planned to be released in the first half of 2023.
References
External links
Action video games
Microsoft games
Minecraft
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Strategy video games
Upcoming video games scheduled for 2023
Video games developed in Sweden
Video games developed in Canada
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Milogorskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2002.
Geography
Milogorskaya is located 23 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kuznetsovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Jay Marine Cowan (born July 31, 1946 – January 23, 2022) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1977 to 1990, and a cabinet minister in the government of Howard Pawley from 1981 to 1988.
Cowan left the United States of America during the Vietnam War to avoid that nation's military draft. In Canada, he worked as a miner and organizer for the social democratic New Democratic Party. He was a member of the United Steelworkers of America during this period.
In 1977, Cowan was sent by Manitoba NDP leader Edward Schreyer to the northern riding of Churchill to scout for suitable candidates. Perhaps contrary to Schreyer's expectations, he secured the nomination for himself (despite the fact that he was not yet a Canadian citizen) and was duly returned in the general election that followed, defeating Progressive Conservative Mark Ingebrigtson by about 300 votes.
In 1979, Cowan was one of the most prominent supporters of Howard Pawley in the latter's successful bid to succeed Schreyer as party leader. Cowan was re-elected in the general election of 1981 (this time defeating Ingebrigtson by around 1350 votes); the NDP won the election, and he was appointed Minister of Northern Affairs on November 30, 1981, with responsibility for Environmental Management, the Clean Environment Act, the Workers Compensation Act, the Workplace Safety and Health Act, and the Communities Economic Development Fund Act.
Following a cabinet shuffle on November 4, 1983, Cowan was named Minister of Co-operative Development and Chairman of the Treasury Board. He was again re-elected without difficulty in the general election of 1986.
On April 17, 1986, Cowan was relieved of his position with the Treasury Board and was named government house leader. He continued to serve as Minister of Co-operative Development, and was also the Minister of Native Affairs (without portfolio) responsible for the Natural Gas Supply Act from September 21, 1987 to November 23, 1987.
The NDP were unexpectedly defeated in the legislature in 1988, after disgruntled backbencher Jim Walding voted with the opposition in a narrowly divided house. Cowan was one of only twelve New Democrats (in a 57-member house) to be returned in the 1988 general election. In opposition, he opposed the proposed labour reforms of Progressive Conservative Premier Gary Filmon. He chose not to seek re-election in 1990.
Cowan was director of special projects at the Anokiiwin Training Institute, working with aboriginal groups in Manitoba and northwestern Ontario. As of 2003, he was also the chair of the Manitoba Federation of Labour's health and safety committee.
References
New Democratic Party of Manitoba MLAs
1946 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Manitoba
Segarcea-Vale is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Olteanca, Segarcea-Deal and Segarcea-Vale.
Famous residents
Gheorghe Sarău, linguist
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Marga is a left tributary of the river Bistra in Romania. It discharges into the Bistra in Vama Marga. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
Derek Chisora vs Tyson Fury II, billed as The Fight for the Right and Bad Blood, was a professional boxing match contested between European and WBO International heavyweight champion, Derek Chisora, and Tyson Fury, with the vacant British heavyweight title also on the line. The fight was a WBO "eliminator", with the winner becoming the mandatory challenger for the WBO heavyweight title, held at the time by Wladimir Klitschko. The bout took place on 29 November 2014 at the ExCel, with Fury winning by corner retirement in the tenth round.
Background
Chisora and Fury first fought in 2011, with Chisora defending his British and Commonwealth titles at Wembley Arena, both men went into the fight with a record of 14–0. Fury won by unanimous decision with scores of 117–112, 117–112, and 118–111.
On 8 January 2014, it was announced that Chisora and Fury would fight in interim bouts on 15 February 2014, at the Copper Box Arena, setting up a potential rematch between the two in the summer. Following both their original opponents Andriy Rudenko and Gonzalo Omar Basile pulling out, Chisora and Fury were scheduled to face replacement opponents Kevin Johnson and Joey Abell. Chisora defeated Johnson, winning by unanimous decision, and Fury defeated Abell via 4th-round TKO.
Chisora and Fury were due to meet for a second time on 26 July 2014, at the Manchester Arena. On 21 July, Chisora was forced to pull out after sustaining a fractured hand in training. Chisora's sparring partner, Alexander Ustinov was lined up as Chisora's replacement. Fury pulled out of the fight after his uncle and former trainer Hughie Fury was taken seriously ill. Fury and Chisora rescheduled the rematch for 29 November 2014 at ExCeL.
The fight
From the opening bell, Chisora struggled with Fury's height, reach and movement. Unable to apply pressure and close the range, failing to land any significant punches, and due to Fury's unorthodox fighting style, ended up hitting him below the belt. Chisora was warned twice by referee Marcus McDonnell in the first round. In the second, Fury switched from orthodox and boxed out of a southpaw stance for the majority of the fight, momentarily reverting back to his traditional right-handed stance as the rounds progressed. Fury used his jab and fast punches to outbox Chisora, keeping on the outside, creating a distance with his longer reach, winning the rounds clearly until trainer Don Charles had seen enough and pulled Chisora out at the end of the tenth round.
Aftermath
Following Fury's win, in the post-fight interview, Fury said "Wladimir Klitschko, I'm coming for you, baby. I'm coming. No turning back now, no retreat, no surrender." Fury's uncle and trainer Peter Fury also confirmed Fury would fight once more before challenging Klitschko for the world title. Christian Hammer was later announced as Fury's opponent and the fight took place on 28 February 2015 at the O2 Arena. Fury won the fight via 8th round RTD. After the fight, Fury called out Klitschko again, stating he was ready for his world title shot next.
Fury defeated Klitschko on 28 November, by unanimous decision to capture the unified WBA (Super), IBF, WBO, IBO and The Ring titles. Fury's upset victory ended Klitschko's reign of nearly 10 years, the second longest in heavyweight history.
Fight card
Broadcasting
References
Boxing matches
Boxing matches involving Tyson Fury
2014 in boxing
2014 in British sport
November 2014 sports events in the United Kingdom
2014 sports events in London
Dieden, Demen en Langel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is now part of the municipality of Oss. The municipality covered the three villages Dieden, Demen, and Neerlangel (then just called "Langel"), located on the left bank of the Maas.
Dieden, Demen en Langel was a separate municipality until 1923, when it was merged with Ravenstein.
References
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Oss
PDM () was a Dutch professional cycling team from 1986 until the end of 1992. Gin-MG was co-sponsor in Spanish races and Cidona was co-sponsor in the 1991 Nissan Classic. The team was sponsored by Philips Dupont Magnetics, a joint venture between the electronics company, Philips, and the chemical company, DuPont. The team rode Concorde bicycles, manufactured in Italy, by several builders that were colour coordinated to the team jersey by Ultima.
History
Roy Schuiten was team manager and Jan Gisbers directeur sportif in 1986. Gisbers took over as the team manager the following year and remained until 1992. He was joined by Piet van der Kruijs and Ferdi van den Haute. The team was owned by Manfred Krikke, of Veltec Rentmeester.
The team was successful in classics and had a rider second overall in the Tour de France in 1987 with Pedro Delgado and 1988 with Steven Rooks. It also had third place with Erik Breukink in 1990. It won the Tour team classification in 1988 and 1989. PDM rider Gert-Jan Theunisse was second in the 1988 Tour de France, battling former PDM teammate Pedro Delgado, when he tested positive for testosterone and received a 10-minute penalty.
The team dropped out of the 1991 Tour de France with reported food poisoning. Team members and team doctor Wim Sanders said in a TV documentary in 2008 that the cause was careless storage of Intralipid, a nutritional aid with which riders had been injected. The team continued one more year, after which the sponsor sold the team to Festina.
Doping affair
In November 1997 Cyclingnews.com reported an inquiry in The Netherlands, which appeared to reveal doping in the PDM team. Wim Sanders, the doctor from 1990 to 1991, was the centre of the investigation, which was initiated when the general manager of the team, Manfred Krikke, called the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service to investigate. It was said Sanders supplied anabolic steroids and EPO to the team and was responsible for the intralipid affair of the 1991 Tour de France. According to Cyclingnews.com, 1990 was the height of the drug taking in the team and two riders stopped with heart problems; whether this refers to stopping professional cycling or performance-enhancing drugs was unclear. Gisbers denied knowledge of doping.
Major results
1986
Overall Vuelta a Andalucia, Steven Rooks
Prologue, Steven Rooks
Stage 2, Wim Arras
Amstel Gold Race, Steven Rooks
GP de Wallonie, Steven Rooks
Stage 2 Tour de Suisse, Gerrie Knetemann
Stage 12 Tour de France, Pedro Delgado
Profronde van Oostvoorne, Gerrie Knetemann
Stage 2a Volta a Catalunya, Wim Arras
Memorial Fred de Bruyne, Wim Arras
Munte Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Oss Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Overijse Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Loenhout Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
1987
National Cyclo-cross Championship, Hennie Stamsnijder
Overall Superprestige Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Zillebeke Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Ronde van Limburg, Wim Arras
Sprint classification Setmana Catalana de Ciclismo, Hans Daams
Stages 1b & 3, Wim Arras
Galder Criterium, Adrie Van Der Poel
Made Criterium, Wim Arras
Stage 2 Tour de Suisse, Steven Rooks
Humbeek Road Race, Marc Dierickx
National Road Race Championship, Adrie Van Der Poel
National Road Race Championship, Jörg Müller
Stage 9 Tour de France, Adrie Van Der Poel
Stage 19 Tour de France, Pedro Delgado
Boxmeer Criterium, Adrie Van Der Poel
Profronde Stiphout, Pedro Delgado
Noordwijk aan Zee Derny, Adrie Van Der Poel
GP du canton d'Argovie, Adrie Van Der Poel
Heusden Individueel, Henri Manders
Profronde van Maastricht, Wim Arras
Dongen Criterium, Peter Stevenhaagen
Anderlues Criterium, Gerrie Knetemann
Wetteren Derny, Peter Hoondert
GP de Fourmies, Adrie Van Der Poel
Stage 6 Volta a Catalunya, Jörg Müller
Paris–Brussels, Wim Arras
Paris–Tours, Adrie Van Der Poel
Giro del Piemonte, Adrie Van Der Poel
Oss Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Valkenswaard Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Loenhout Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
1988
National Cyclo-cross Championship, Hennie Stamsnijder
Overijse Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Stage 5 Vuelta a Andalucia, Adrie Van Der Poel
Overall Etoile de Bessèges, Adrie Van Der Poel
Liège–Bastogne–Liège, Adrie Van Der Poel
Apeldoorn Criterium, Steven Rooks
Mountains classification Tour de France, Steven Rooks
Stage 12, Steven Rooks
Stage 16, Adrie Van Der Poel
Boxmeer Criterium, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Draai van de Kaai, Steven Rooks
Mijl van Mares, Adrie Van Der Poel
Stage 1 Deurne, Steven Rooks
Clasica San Sebastian, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Regenboogkoers, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Kampioenschap van Zürich, Steven Rooks
Trio Normand, Vincent Barteau
Saint-Pierre Criterium, Adrie Van Der Poel
Oss Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
1989
Overall Superprestige Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Zillebeke Cyclo-cross, Hennie Stamsnijder
Stage 1 Vuelta a Murcia, Johannes Draaijer
Overall Tour du Vaucluse, Steven Rooks
Liège–Bastogne–Liège, Sean Kelly
Tom Simpson Memorial Grand Prix, Martin Earley
Stage 4 Tour de Trump, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Overall Vuelta a Asturias, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Points classification, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Stage 6a, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Stage 6b, John Vos
Hansweert Criterium, Peter Hoondert
Points classification Tour de France, Sean Kelly
Mountains classification, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Teams classification
Stage 3, Raúl Alcalá
Stage 8, Martin Earley
Stage 15, Steven Rooks
Stage 17, Gert-Jan Theunisse
Ronse, Sean Kelly
Wateringen, Marc Van Orsouw
Maarheeze, Steven Rooks
Montréal, Jörg Müller
Stage 2b (TTT) Volta a Catalunya
Mountains classification Tour of Ireland, Sean Kelly
Teams classification
UCI Road World Cup, Sean Kelly
1990
Stage 5 Etoile de Bessèges, John Van Den Akker
Combination classification Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana, John Vos
Stage 4, Uwe Raab
Stage 5 Vuelta a Murcia, John Van Den Akker
Grote Prijs Berloz, Uwe Raab
Sprint classification Vuelta a España, Uwe Raab
Stage 8, Atle Pedersen
Stages 10, 16 & 22, Uwe Raab
Bavel Criterium, Jos Van Aert
Purnode Criterium, Dirk De Wolf
Overall Tour de Suisse, Sean Kelly
Stage 4, Sean Kelly
Stage 5, Erik Breukink
Stage 10, Uwe Ampler
Stage 7 Tour de France, Raúl Alcalá
Mosselkoers–Houtem–Vilvoorde Ind., Nico Verhoeven
Stages 12 & 20 Tour de France, Erik Breukink
Profronde van Wateringen, Erik Breukink
Draai van de Kaai, Erik Breukink
UCI Road World Championships, Rudy Dhaenens
Tongeren Criterium, Rudy Dhaenens
Stage 7a Volta a Catalunya, Erik Breukink
Grand Prix de la Libération (TTT)
Aalsmeer Criterium, Gert Jakobs
Beernem Criterium, Rudy Dhaenens
Overall Tour of Ireland, Erik Breukink
Stage 2a, Erik Breukink
Oostrozebeke Criterium, Rudy Dhaenens
Grand Prix de Lunel, Erik Breukink
Stages 1 & 2 Vuelta y Ruta de Mexico, Nico Verhoeven
1991
Stage 5 Paris–Nice, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Stages 3, 5a & 6 Vuelta a Aragón, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Stage 5b Vuelta a Aragón, Uwe Raab
Stage 5 Vuelta a España, Uwe Raab
Points classification Vuelta a España, Uwe Raab
Stages 6, 9, 13 & 21, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Overall Tour Du Pont, Erik Breukink
Prolgoue & Stage 11, Erik Breukink
Stage 1 Critérium du Dauphiné, John Talen
Stage 1a Vuelta a los Valles Mineros, John Talen
Stage 4 Vuelta a los Valles Mineros, Harald Maier
National Road Race Championship, Falk Boden
Stage 7 Tour de France, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Profronde Stiphout, Erik Breukink
Mijl van Mares, Nico Verhoeven
Giro di Lombardia, Sean Kelly
Lieshout Cyclo-cross, Martin Hendriks
Loenhout Cyclo-cross, Nico Verhoeven
1992
Stage 8 Tour Méditerranéen, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Omloop der Vlaamse Ardennen, Nico Verhoeven
Stage 1 Vuelta a Murcia, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Stage 3 Vuelta a Murcia, Nico Verhoeven
Stage 5 Vuelta a Aragón, Danny Nelissen
Stages 3 & 5 Vuelta a España, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Stage 7 Vuelta a España, Erik Breukink
Stage 16 Vuelta a España, Tom Cordes
GP de Wallonie, Danny Nelissen
Ronde van Limburg, Jans Koerts
Stage 1a Vuelta a los Valles Mineros, Uwe Raab
Kelmis–Ostbelgien-rundfahrt, Nico Verhoeven
Stage 10 Tour de France, Jean-Paul Van Poppel
Profronde van Wateringen, Erik Breukink
Clasica San Sebastian, Raúl Alcalá
Profronde van Surhuisterveen, Gert Jakobs
Melsele Road Race, John Talen
Giro del Piemonte, Erik Breukink
Team riders
References
Defunct cycling teams based in the Netherlands
Cycling teams based in the Netherlands
Cycling teams established in 1986
Cycling teams disestablished in 1992
Allium candargyi is a plant species endemic to Greece, known only from the Island of Lesbos (Λέσβος) in the Aegean Sea.
Allium candargyi is a perennial bulb-forming herb producing an umbel of flowers.
References
candargyi
Flora of Greece
Onions
Lesbos
Plants described in 1994
The following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Nevada, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1864, Nevada has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Since New Mexico's statehood in 1912, Nevada has voted for the same candidate as New Mexico in all presidential elections except for 2000.
Winners of the state are in bold, and shaded in the party of the state winner.
See also
Elections in Nevada
Notes
References
The 2017–18 San Jose State Spartans men's basketball team represented San Jose State University in the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Led by first-year head coach Jean Prioleau, the Spartans played their home games at the Event Center Arena as members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 4–26, 1–17 in Mountain West play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the Mountain West Tournament to Wyoming.
Previous season
The Spartans finished the 2016–17 season 14–16, 7–11 in MW play to finish in eighth place. They lost to Utah State in the first round of the Mountain West Tournament.
On July 10, 2017 Dave Wojcik resigned as head coach for personal reasons. On August 4, the school hired Jean Prioleau as head coach.
Off-season
Departures
Incoming transfers
2017 recruiting class
Preseason
In a vote by conference media at the Mountain West media day, the Spartans were picked to finish in 10th place in the Mountain West.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Mountain West regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Mountain West Tournament
All games where a television provider is not indicated are televised on the Mountain West Network.
Source
References
San Jose State Spartans men's basketball seasons
San Jose State
Senator Andrews may refer to:
Members of the Northern Irish Senate
Jack Andrews (1903–1986), Northern Irish Senator from 1964 to 1972
Members of the United States Senate
Charles O. Andrews (1877–1946), U.S. Senator from Florida from 1936 to 1946
Mark Andrews (politician) (born 1926), U.S. Senator from North Dakota from 1981 to 1987
United States state senate members
Abraham D. Andrews (1830–1885), Wisconsin State Senate
Carl Andrews (fl. 1980s–2000s), New York State Senate
Charles B. Andrews (1834–1902), Connecticut State Senate
Christopher Columbus Andrews (1829–1922), Minnesota State Senate
George H. Andrews (1821–1885), New York State Senate
Hunter Andrews (1921–2005), Virginia State Senate
Ike Franklin Andrews (1925–2010), North Carolina State Senate
John Andrews (Colorado politician) (born 1944), Colorado State Senate
Lloyd J. Andrews (1920–2014), Washington State Senate
Mary Andrews (politician) (fl. 1990s–2010s), Maine State Senate
Thomas Andrews (American politician) (born 1953), Maine State Senate
W. Thomas Andrews (1941–2009), Pennsylvania State Senate
William Henry Andrews (1846–1919), Pennsylvania State Senate
William L. Andrews (1865–1936), Virginia State Senate
William Noble Andrews (1876–1937), Maryland State Senate
John F. Andrew (1850–1895), Massachusetts State Senate
The Sumba myzomela (Myzomela dammermani) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Sumba in the western Lesser Sunda Islands of Indonesia, where it is found in forest with a significant component of deciduous trees.
References
Sumba myzomela
Birds of Sumba
Sumba myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John Bradley Dusek (born December 13, 1950 in Temple, Texas) is a former American football linebacker for the Washington Redskins in the National Football League from 1974 to 1981. He played college football at Texas A&M University and was drafted in the third round of the 1973 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots.
Inducted into Texas A&M Hall of Fame 2014.
1950 births
Living people
Washington Redskins players
Texas A&M Aggies football players
American football linebackers
People from Temple, Texas
Temple High School (Texas) alumni
Jacoba van Velde (10 May 1903, in The Hague – 7 September 1985, in Amsterdam) was a Dutch writer, translator, and dramaturge. Her first novel, "De grote zaal" (The Great Hall), appeared in the literary journal Querido in 1953 and was translated into thirteen languages within ten years. During her life around 75,000 copies of "De grote zaal" were sold. In 2010, the book was chosen for the Nederland Leest (Netherlands Reads) campaign and copies were given away for free to members of all the public libraries in The Netherlands.
Biography
Jacoba was the youngest of four children, with an older sister and two older brothers. Her father was often absent during her youth and her mother was a washerwoman. She only went to school until she was ten, but taught herself different languages. At age sixteen, she had already been associated with the company that would later be officially called Bouwmeester Revue for a few years as figurante and then in the dance ensemble. In 1924, she married the violinist Harry Polah; they performed in Berlin. Later, she formed a group with the male dance duo Pola Maslowa & Rabanoff. Together they went along cabarets and music halls in a large number of European countries. In 1937, she married the actor and writer Arnold (Bob) Clerx. Both marriages remained childless.
Van Velde lived a great part of her life in Paris, just like her brothers Geer van Velde and Bram van Velde, who made a name for themselves as painters after World War II. Just after the war, she was a literary agent under the name Tonny Clerx, for the French work of the Irish author Samuel Beckett. In 1947, she left that position to focus on her own writing.
Van Velde's oeuvre remained small; mostly she worked as translator and dramaturge. She translated plays by Samuel Beckett, Eugène Ionesco and Jean Genet from French to Dutch, among other things.
Her second and final novel, Een blad in de wind (A Leaf in the Wind) (1961), received less critical acclaim. Jacoba van Velde began writing a third novel, De verliezers (The Losers), but never completed it.
Bibliography
1947 – Évasion (story)
1953 – De grote zaal (The Great Hall) (novel)
1961 – Een blad in de wind (A Leaf in the Wind) (novel)
1987 – Verzameld werk (Collected works) (two novels and ten stories)
References
External links
Jacoba van Velde in dbnl.org
audio-archief, boeken.vpro.nl
Achternicht Kiki bewaarde nalatenschap Jacoba van Velde, radio report from NOS Journaal, 12 January 2010
Jacoba van Velde – Nederland Leest
VELDE, Catharina Jacoba van (1903–1985) Instituut voor Nederlandse geschiedenis
1903 births
1985 deaths
Dutch women novelists
Writers from The Hague
20th-century Dutch novelists
20th-century Dutch women writers
Branka Stamenković (; born 1968) is a Serbian politician. A member of the Enough is Enough political party, she served as its MP in the National Assembly from 2016 to 2020. She was the candidate of the Sovereignists coalition in the 2022 presidential election.
Early life and career
Stamenković lives in Belgrade and is a translator, working in the fields of popular psychology and astrology. She has herself worked as an astrologer. She was a student of the Sophia Centre for the Study of Cosmology in Culture and a graduate student at the University of Wales Trinity Saint David. Stamenković also launched the "Mother's Courage" initiative to improve conditions in Serbian maternity hospitals.
Political career
Stamenković received the tenth position on the DJB electoral list in the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election. The list did not cross the electoral threshold to win representation in the assembly.
She received the thirteenth position on the DJB list in the 2016 election and was on this occasion elected when the list won sixteen mandates. The election was won by the Serbian Progressive Party and its allies, and the DJB serves in opposition.
Following a series of splits within the DJB, Stamenković and former leader Saša Radulović were left as the movement's only remaining members of the assembly in November 2018. Stamenković was selected by DJB's main board to become its interim leader.
During the 2016–20 parliament, Stamenković was a member of the culture and information committee; a member of the committee on labour, social issues, social inclusion, and poverty reduction; a member of the health and family committee; a member of the European integration committee; a member of the committee on administrative, budgetary, mandate, and immunity issues; a deputy member of the committee on human and minority rights and gender equality, the environmental protection committee, and the committee on the rights of the child; a member of Serbia's delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (where she served as an independent member); a member of Serbia's delegation to the parliamentary assembly of the Francophonie (where Serbia has observer status); and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Australia, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
References
1968 births
Living people
Politicians from Belgrade
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Francophonie
Enough is Enough (party) politicians
Candidates for President of Serbia
Alumni of the University of Wales Trinity Saint David
The Nenana River () is a tributary of the Tanana River, approximately long, in central Alaska in the United States. It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks.
It issues from the Nenana Glacier in the northern Alaska Range, southwest of Mount Deborah, approximately 100 mi (160 km) south of Fairbanks. It flows briefly southwest, then west, then north, forming the eastern boundary of Denali National Park and Preserve. It emerges from the mountains onto the broad marshy Tanana Valley, joining the Tanana River from the south at Nenana, Alaska, approximately southwest of Fairbanks. The Tanana River continues to its confluence with the Yukon River.
The upper valley of the river furnishes approximately 100 mi (160 km) of the northern route of both the Alaska Railroad and the Parks Highway (Alaska State Highway 3) connecting Fairbanks and Anchorage.
The Nenana supports populations of Alaska blackfish, Arctic grayling, Arctic lamprey, broad whitefish, burbot, chum salmon, humpback whitefish, king salmon, lake chubs, the least cisco, longnose suckers, northern pike, round whitefish, sheefish, silver salmon, and slimy sculpins. Major archaeological sites located in the valley include Broken Mammoth and Swan Point, of late Pleistocene age.
Name origin
Lieutenant Henry Allen of the U.S. Army explored the river in 1887. He named it the Cantwell River after Lieutenant John C. Cantwell, of the Revenue Cutter Service, who had explored the Kobuk River region in 1884–85. In 1898, members of the United States Geological Survey reported that people living along the river called it Tutlut. However, the local Tanana name was spelled Nenana on a later map. A century later, linguist William Bright wrote that the river's name derived from the Lower Tanana (Athabascan) word, neenano', meaning the "stopping-while-migrating stream".
Boating
The river is one of the most popular destinations for boating and whitewater rafting in Alaska. Thousands of users, some on commercial cruises and others on private trips, travel on the river each year. The proximity of the Denali Highway, which runs parallel to the upper river for about , and the Parks Highway, which follows the river for , makes the river accessible at many places.
The river begins as a Class I (easy) rafting stream on the International Scale of River Difficulty. Jetboats and other craft ply the waters along the Denali Highway. Below this, however, the flow rate increases, and the Nenana becomes a Class I to II (medium) stream for the between Windy Station and McKinley Village Lodge. The most difficult whitewater, for experts only, occurs over the next , in Nenana Gorge between McKinley Village and Healy, and is rated Class IV (very difficult). Below this, the river is Class I or II all the way to Nenana.
Dangers include extremely cold swift water, Class IV rapids in the gorge, overhanging trees along the upper river, and overhangs, logjams, and braids on the lower river. An additional danger at the river mouth involves following the wrong braid, missing the take-out at Nenana, and being swept into the Tanana River, from which it may not be possible to exit until reaching Manley Hot Springs, further downstream.
Crossings
See also
List of rivers of Alaska
References
External links
Nenana Wildwater Festival
Fairbanks Paddlers
Alaska Range
Rivers of Denali Borough, Alaska
Rivers of Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska
Rivers of Alaska
Rivers of Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska
Tributaries of the Yukon River
Rivers of Unorganized Borough, Alaska
Tanana Athabaskans
The National Defense Corps Incident (, Hanja: 國民防衛軍事件) was a death march that occurred in the winter of 1951 during the Korean War.
On 11 December 1950, South Korea issued an act establishing the National Defense Corps. South Korean citizens aged 17 to 40, excluding military, police and government officials, were drafted into the National Defense Corps. The Syngman Rhee government adopted officers from Great Korean Young Adults Association (대한청년단; 大韓靑年團), which was a pro-Rhee Syngman group, into the Corps.
Immediately, 406,000 drafted citizens were deployed in 49 training units, then National Defense Corps soldiers were ordered to march southward on the Korean peninsula under the Chinese offensive. However, funds for food purchases were embezzled by the National Defense Corps Commander Kim Yun-geun (김윤근 金潤根; also spelled Kim Yoon-keun or Kim Yungun), son-in-law of Defence minister Shin Sung-mo. Approximately 300,000 men were lost to death or desertion during the three-week, 300-mile "death march". By June 1951, when an investigating committee made known its findings, it was reported that some 50,000 to 90,000 soldiers starved to death or died of disease on the march and in the training camps.
On 30 April 1951, the National Assembly of South Korea adopted a resolution on disbandment of the National Defense Corps. The National Assembly investigation showed that the commanding officers embezzled one billion won, and tens of millions of won was misappropriated to President Syngman Rhee's political fund.
In May 1951, vice-president Yi Si-yeong resigned. In June, it was reported that five billion won in funds for the National Defense Corps had been embezzled. On 12 August 1951, five commanding officers were executed as persons in charge of the incident.
See also
December Massacres of 1950 in the Korean War
Truth and Reconciliation Commission (South Korea)
References
War crimes in South Korea
South Korean war crimes
Military scandals
Korean War crimes
Political scandals
Forced marches
1951 in South Korea
Trapeang Prasat District is a district in Oddar Meanchey Province in northern Cambodia. According to the 2008 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 25,533.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Trapeang Prasat District by commune.
References
Districts of Oddar Meanchey province
Norbert Kerckhove (21 October 1932 – 4 July 2006) was a Belgian professional racing cyclist. He won the E3 Harelbeke in 1959.
References
External links
1932 births
2006 deaths
Belgian male cyclists
People from Meulebeke
Cyclists from West Flanders
Media Sport Investment Limited (MSI) was a London-based international investment fund that was headed by the Iranian-born, British-educated, businessman Kia Joorabchian. It has attracted considerable attention for its partnership between 2004 and 2007 of Corinthians football club in Brazil, and for its involvement in the 'third-party' ownership of players, notably the Argentinian forward Carlos Tevez.
The source of the money behind MSI was a subject of considerable speculation. Roman Abramovich, owner of Chelsea, was at one time rumored to own a 15% share in the group, while Joorabchian was persistently linked to the oligarch Boris Berezovsky and his associate Badri Patarkatsishvili.
MSI and Corinthians
Media Sport Investment Limited was founded in 2004 in London by Joorabchian and Nojan Bedroud (a FIFA licensed agent) to control Corinthians football department. The agreed 10-year deal stated that MSI would invest $35 million into the club –$20 million of which would cover debts– in return for 51% of profits over the duration of the contract. In the wake of MSI's involvement a stream of new players arrived at the club, players who were engaged to play for Corinthians but whose economic rights were partly or wholly owned by the investment fund. According to the investigation of São Paulo police, MSI not only financed Corinthians but also financed to buy players directly, namely Carlos Tevez (35%), Carlos Alberto (50%) and Sebastián Domínguez (100%). While Nilmar, the labour court of Brazil had cancelled his contract with MSI and Corinthians in 2007. MSI also worked with Global Soccer Agencies bought players for Corinthians, namely Javier Mascherano and Carlos Alberto (another 50%). Marcelo Mattos, which bought by Devita Limited (the company also financed MSI Brasil and Corinthians) also played for Corinthians. Other players such as Rafael Moura, Johnny Herrera and Renato Ribeiro were linked to MSI by Brazil media. The signing of Tevez from Boca Juniors for reported US$22 million (US$16 million plus various fee) in December 2004
The partnership with Corinthians had been the subject of investigation by the Brazilian police, although no wrongdoing was found. In July 2007, however, a Brazilian judge issued arrest warrants for Boris Berezovsky, Joorabchian, Bedroud and four officials of club, including the chairman, Alberto Dualib, on charges of money laundering. MSI Brazil arm, MSI Licenciamentos e Administracao Ltda, received money from Devetia Limited, a BVI company. MSI Licenciamentos was owned by Devetia, MSI Group Limited (formed in 2000 as Exnon Holdings Limited) and Just Sports Inc., (later sold all the shares to MSI Group and Devetia), which Joorabchian was the director of Just Sports and the rest was linked to Berezovsky, Patarkatsishvili and Pini Zahavi. However BVI company act protected the real identity of the ownership.
The federal attorneys Silvio Luis Martins de Oliveira and Rodrigo de Grandis were reported by the Brazilian legal website consultor Juridico as saying that MSI's transactions were "carried out with the use of numerous offshore accounts which have the single and well-known intention of distancing the investor and the illicit origin of the resources from their final destination, in this case the purchase and sale of players".
In July 2007, in the light of the money laundering allegations, Corinthians broke off their association with MSI. Despite winning the league in 2005, there had already been a public breakdown in relations between Corinthians and MSI. The club had seven different coaches in 18 months, including Daniel Passarella, Márcio Bittencourt and Antônio Lopes, and had struggled for form. Joorabchian's involvement with team affairs had come in for criticism and both Tevez and Javier Mascherano had been moved to West Ham United in the English Premier League. In December 2007 Corinthians was relegated to the Brazilian Championship's second division.
The warrant for Joorabchian's arrest was suspended by the Brazilian authorities in August 2008.
In April 2014, The judge totally absolved the whole case saying there was never anything done wrong by anyone in the case at all. "In this case, there is no proof of a single offense, nor is it pointed out that the alleged group ever have had any intention or interest in the committing any crimes," added the judge.
MSI and West Ham
In 2005 MSI was involved in negotiations to take over the English club West Ham United. The plan was abandoned in November of that year when agreement on a valuation of the club could not be reached.
On August 31, 2006, the Corinthians players Javier Mascherano and Carlos Tevez moved to West Ham United. The following day the club announced the opening of "exploratory discussions" over a possible takeover, reportedly by a consortium fronted by Joorabchian and Paul Yeubrey. West Ham in the end accepted a rival bid from investors headed by Eggert Magnússon.
The transfers of Tevez and Mascherano proved highly controversial. In April 2007 West Ham were fined £5.5 million for failing to reveal the full terms of the ownership of the players. In fact MSI retained a percentage of the economic rights to Tevez (through MSI Group Limited, a BVI company), shared with a second company, Just Sports Inc, while Mascherano was owned by Global Soccer Agencies and Mystere Services Ltd. All four companies were represented by Joorabchian who had officially stepped down as president of Media Sport Investment in June 2006. However, according to filing in the Companies House, Joorabchian was remained as the director of England incorporated MSI Ltd. all the time.
Claim against West Ham United
In a compensation claim against West Ham, undertaken in March 2008, Joorabchian claimed that following the Premier League ruling in April 2007 he had brokered a deal between West Ham and Tevez's third-party owners. MSI and Just Sports Inc had initially been reluctant to terminate their ownership arrangement as requested by the Premier League. Joorabchian said that under the terms of the deal West Ham had agreed to pay £4.7 million — later reduced to £4.5 million — to cover costs, the player's salary, expenses and a loan fee —thereby suggesting that Tevez was paid a salary and expenses beyond that being covered by the club.
Joorabchian further stated that he paid West Ham £2 million to release Tevez's registration so that he could join Manchester United in August 2007 on the understanding that West Ham would return the money with legal costs amounting to £2.6 million. That transfer had itself been subject to a protracted dispute while Joorabchian claimed that MSI and Just Sports Inc retained the economic rights to the player and should therefore receive any fee for the transfer, rather than West Ham as the Premier League insisted. In the end, West Ham received £2 million for the player's registration —the money Joorabchain claimed to have paid West Ham on the understanding that it would be returned.
Joorabchian's claim against West Ham was eventually settled out-of-court with Joorabchian engaged as a consultant by West Ham with fees of more than £2 million.
Manchester transfers
Tevez
In August 2007, Tevez joined Manchester United on a two-year deal in which his player's registration was leased by the club while his economic rights were retained by his third-party owners. Only when he signed for Manchester City in September 2009 was Tevez removed from the third-party ownership of MSI and Just Sports Inc. That deal was reported as being worth £47 million to the companies owning Tevez's economic rights, although that sum was disputed by Joorabchian.
In March 2009 West Ham agreed to pay Sheffield United £20 million over five years in settlement of the case that they had brought against West Ham when the east London club stayed in the Premier League at the end of the 2006–07 season at Sheffield United's expense while playing Tevez, a player they argued should have been ineligible.
Jô
In June 2008 the transfer of Brazilian player Jô from CSKA Moscow to Manchester City was initially blocked by the Premier League while they investigated his association with MSI and Joorabchian. Jô had played at Corinthians before moving to CSKA Moscow in 2006, signing for the Brazilian side while the club was under the control of MSI. Third-party ownership of players was banned by the Premier League in June 2008.
See also
Third-party ownership in association football
References
Association football organizations
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
An independent equation is an equation in a system of simultaneous equations which cannot be derived algebraically from the other equations. The concept typically arises in the context of linear equations. If it is possible to duplicate one of the equations in a system by multiplying each of the other equations by some number (potentially a different number for each equation) and summing the resulting equations, then that equation is dependent on the others. But if this is not possible, then that equation is independent of the others.
If an equation is independent of the other equations in its system, then it provides information beyond that which is provided by the other equations. In contrast, if an equation is dependent on the others, then it provides no information not contained in the others collectively, and the equation can be dropped from the system without any information loss.
The number of independent equations in a system equals the rank of the augmented matrix of the system—the system's coefficient matrix with one additional column appended, that column being the column vector of constants.
The number of independent equations in a system of consistent equations (a system that has at least one solution) can never be greater than the number of unknowns. Equivalently, if a system has more independent equations than unknowns, it is inconsistent and has no solutions.
See also
Linear algebra
Indeterminate system
Independent variable
References
Linear algebra
In scholarship, the term Armenian tiara is used to refer to a spikey tiara that was characteristic of the coinage of Armenia during the Late Hellenistic period. It originated from the insignia used by the royal and satrapal authority in the Achaemenid Empire. The best known example was the one worn by the Artaxiad king of Armenia, Tigranes the Great ().
The tiara was notably worn by Monobaz I, the king of Adiabene. It may have been done as part of propaganda to display that his kingdom had replaced Armenia as a regional power in the Near East.
Antiochus I of Commagene (), the king of Commagene, adopted this tiara as an insignia of dominant power. The tiara, which he calls a kitaris was seen by him as a manifestation of the Persian and Orontid legacies.
References
Sources
Ancient Armenia
Crowns (headgear)
Lizzie Wilkerson (1895–1984) was an American folk artist known for paintings that reflected her life on a farm.
Biography
She was born Lizzie Henderson near Covington, Georgia, the youngest of 21 children. In 1919, she married Dewey Wilkerson, a mechanic, and moved to Atlanta. She never received formal training as an artist and began making art late in life. She worked in watercolor and pen, creating imaginatively detailed and expansive images in which elements of farm life fill the page, often creating an all-over effect reminiscent of textile patterns. She also made some dolls.
Wilkerson's work was little known until the late 1970s, when it surfaced through a Georgia State University community outreach program. Wilkerson then had a number of shows in Atlanta and elsewhere, and her work has since been collected by museums and institutions including the Museum of American Folk Art (New York), the National Museum of American Art (Washington, D.C.), and the High Museum of Art (Atlanta, Ga.).
Architect Earnest Hooks Jr. wrote a book that focuses on Wilkerson's life on her family farm and uses her artwork as illustrations. Let's Go See Mother Wilkerson's Farm (2007) is intended for very young children unfamiliar with American farm culture. A second volume came out in 2011.
References
1895 births
1984 deaths
American women painters
Folk artists
Naïve painters
20th-century American artists
20th-century American women artists
African-American women artists
Artists from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Covington, Georgia
African-American painters
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American artists
Rio is a double-CD album of solo piano improvisations by Keith Jarrett, recorded live at Teatro Municipal in Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) on April 9, 2011. It was released by ECM Records in November 2011. It is the first documented concert of Jarrett playing outside North America, Japan or Europe.
Reception
Rio received mainly positive reviews on release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received a score of 90, based on 8 reviews which is categorised as universal acclaim.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars, stating, "After one listen, it becomes obvious Rio is indeed very special. It puts on aural display Jarrett as a virtually boundless musician, whose on-the-spot, wide-ranging ideas are executed with astonishing immediacy and dexterity; this music is passionate, poetic (often songlike), and stands outside the confines of genre... since nothing approaching what is here actually exists in Jarrett's recorded catalog. Rio is therefore the new standard by which the pianist's future solo recordings will be judged, and perhaps also sets the bar for any other player who attempts the same".
The Guardian's John Fordham said, "Rio represents Jarrett at his most exuberant'. On PopMatters, Will Layman noted, "Rio is the most brilliant Jarrett solo recording in recent memory. Rather than improvising in a longer, more rambling form, Jarrett works here in shorter statements, each focused and concise. In 15 very different miniatures, Rio demonstrates the pianist's astonishing facility for generating not only grooves or settings but also developing webs of melody and counter-melody. From free playing to blues to gospel to aching ballads, Jarrett covers a vast landscape of piano.".
The Independent's Andy Gill said, "these 15 pieces sketch an entire world of music, coloured by the locale, and shifting between the smoothly lyrical and the propulsively rhythmic, with Jarrett's familiar, pulsing left-hand figures providing a stolid foundation anchoring the serpentine runs of his right hand".
The Independent on Sunday's Phil Johnson compared it to Jarrett's most successful release, stating, "The second of the two discs is a lyrical triumph to equal the Koln Concert, intense drama and emotional catharsis captured through long-haul, improvised performance". The Daily Telegraph's Ivan Hewett was less enthusiastic, observing, "There are good things here, but nothing especially new".
Track listing
Disc #1
Part I - 8:40
Part II - 6:52
Part III - 6:00
Part IV - 4:13
Part V - 6:25
Part VI - 7:00
Disc #2
Part VII - 7:28
Part VIII - 4:58
Part IX - 5:02
Part X - 5:01
Part XI - 3:20
Part XII - 6:09
Part XIII - 7:03
Part XIV - 5:40
Part XV - 6:34
Music by Keith Jarrett
Personnel
Keith Jarrett – piano, production
Technical personnel
Martin Pearson - Recording engineer
Mayo Bucher - Cover
Daniela Yohaness - Photo
Sascha Kleis - Layout
Manfred Eicher - Executive producer
References
Keith Jarrett live albums
2011 live albums
ECM Records live albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Instrumental albums
Solo piano jazz albums
At First Sight is a 2005 romance novel by Nicholas Sparks. Set in North Carolina, At First Sight is the sequel to Sparks's previous book, True Believer, written in the same year. At First Sight was originally the result of a 45-page epilogue in True Believer. Sparks's editor thought this was too long for an epilogue and damaged the effect of True Believer. It was then that Sparks got the idea to write At First Sight as its predecessor.
Plot
At First Sight begins after Jeremy's proposal. In New York City Lexie and Jeremy are preparing to move Jeremy to their future home, Boone Creek. Lexie is making Jeremy keep the baby a secret from his family and friends and the residents of Boone Creek until after the wedding, because she doesn't want people to get the wrong impression of why he and Lexie have decided to get married after only a few weeks of knowing each other. The only people that know of the pregnancy are Jeremy's long time best friend Alvin, and Lexie's grandmother, Doris.
When Jeremy and Lexie return to Boone Creek, Jeremy finds himself unable to find the inspiration to write any new columns for his magazine. This adds to the stress of buying a new house for his new family and having a child on the way. Doris tries to help Jeremy with this problem by giving him her book. Doris is the town psychic and has the specialty of predicting the sex of a newborn baby, and records it all in her book. Doris suggests that Jeremy try to write about the journal for a new column.
Trouble in Paradise
Rodney is a character featured in True Believer as a longtime friend of Lexie that has been after her for years until Jeremy came along. By the end of the previous novel he starts to be interested in his and Lexis other longtime friend, Rachel. By this book they are an established couple, who have been having problems in their relationship. Rachel feels as though Rodney is still not over Lexie, and would be with her if she weren't marrying Jeremy. One day Jeremy finds Lexie sitting alone with Rodney talking and holding hands. He immediately feels this is suspicious but tries to tell himself that it was nothing and he was simply making it into something it wasn't, even if Rodney had been after Lexie for years. Jeremy later confronts Lexie about what she had done that day, in which case she fails to mention anything about seeing Rodney that day. Jeremy receives an anonymous email saying only “how do you know the baby is yours?” This paired with his supposed inability to conceive leaves Jeremy with his mind racing, suspecting it may have been someone else's, Rodney's in particular, but once again reminding himself that Lexie wasn't capable of such a thing and that nothing had ever become of her and Rodney, and he decides to not tell Lexie.
Rachel leaves
Sometime later, Rachel runs off for a few days without telling anyone, leaving Rodney, Doris and Lexie all feeling worried. Lexie cancels her dinner plans with Jeremy and says she is going over to Doris's house to talk and comfort her, but when Jeremy checks up on her he finds her car at Rodney's instead. Feeling angry that Lexie had once again lied went to her house and waited outside for her to get back. When she returns he confronts her about Rodney and Lexie explains that she went over to her grandmothers like she said and then decided to console Rodney. They have a heated argument and Jeremy goes back to the local motel where he had been staying.
The second email
When he gets back, Jeremy receives a second anonymous email, this time saying “Hasn't she told you the truth? Read Doris's journal. You'll find the answer there.” Moments later, Lexie shows up crying and the two end up working things out. Jeremy still does not tell Lexie about the emails, not yet knowing what to say or make of them. Jeremy searches for what the email might be referring to, and after numerous times going through and analyzing the book, he finds it; a prediction from four years earlier of a miscarriage with Lexie's initials and the name of the father. Jeremy is angered that Lexie had never told him of this and feels she has lied to him for the third time. The two end up in an even more heated argument after closing on their new house, and this time when Jeremy leaves he's heading back to New York City for his bachelor party. There he discovers the sender of the anonymous emails was his best friend, Alvin who doesn't want the couple to get married after such a short period of time. Jeremy learns that when Rachel ran away, she had gone to New York City and visited Alvin, who she had met in the previous novel, and spilled the secret about Lexie's previous miscarriage and the documentation of it in the journal, and that's how Alvin knew of it. Jeremy is furious telling Alvin he never wants to hear from him again, and gets the next flight back to Boone Creek.
When Jeremy returns, he and Lexie have a long talk and both admit that they were both wrong, and Jeremy fills her in on the emails, Alvin, and Rachel. Everything is explained from then that the baby was in fact, despite the odds, definitely Jeremy's and that there was nothing between Lexie and Rodney. Rachel avoids Lexie and Doris for a short time until finally coming to Lexie's house, apologizing and explaining how she accidentally told Alvin about the pregnancy and they make up. They have a wonderful wedding a short time later where Lexis deceased parents were married.
The baby
When Jeremy and Lexie go to their ultrasound appointment, they learn that an amniotic band threatened their baby with possible deformities if it were to attach, or even its life. Jeremy and Lexie spend the last ten weeks of her pregnancy in fear and distress over the news. Lexie tells Jeremy that they can move to New York for Jeremy, in hopes of Jeremy finding inspiration to write again. Jeremy briefly thinks on this offer and quickly turns down her offer. Moments later, Jeremy finds inspiration to write his next column and his writing rut was over.
Lexie wakes Jeremy up early in the morning to inform him that she was in labor. With this news Jeremy freaks out like any expecting father and was a mess for the whole experience. Lexie successfully delivers their daughter, Claire, named after Lexie's deceased mother; however Lexie dies immediately after giving birth, leaving her grandmother Doris and Jeremy in anguish and Jeremy, a widowed parent.
Epilogue
In the epilogue, Claire is now four and Jeremy has adjusted with life without Lexie. Claire has been having nightmares for a few weeks several times every night, like Lexie had when she was young after her parents had died. Jeremy takes her to a very special place for Jeremy and Lexie, the cemetery where Lexie and her parents had been buried, where a phenomenon occurs around midnight on foggy nights. After this Claire no longer has nightmares after seeing this phenomenon exactly like her mother had.
True Believer (prequel)
At First Sight starts its story where True Believer left off, but skips a little in-between the two books. True Believer introduces the romance between New York City resident, Jeremy Marsh and Boone Creek resident, Lexie Darnell. In the first novel, Jeremy is a writer that goes to a small town in North Carolina, Boone Creek, to chase a story. There he meets Lexie, the town librarian. Jeremy is charmed by Lexie and the two end up falling in love. Jeremy went through a divorce a few years before mainly due to his inability to conceive children, but the book ends with Lexi holding her stomach asking Jeremy if he “believed in miracles” and that her psychic grandmother, Doris, predicted it was a girl; she was pregnant with his child. The book shows that since True Believer Jeremy had proposed to Lexie after a very brief dating period.
Reviews
Publishers Weekly describe the ending as “majorly manipulative and totally effective.” John M. Formy-Duval from about.com, shares his opinion of the novel being a cliché.
Nicholas Sparks and his works
Nicholas Sparks has five children, Miles, Ryan, Landon and twin daughters, Lexie and Savannah. All of his children have shared their names with one of Sparks's characters in his novels; Miles and Ryan are the characters in Sparks's A Bend in the Road, Landon is the main character from A Walk to Remember, Savannah is the main character in Dear John, Lexie is the main character in True Believer and At First Sight and the supporting character in Safe Haven. Sparks admits to getting emotional and even crying when writing his famous novels, and gets his inspiration from numerous unexpected places.
Message in a Bottle (1999), A Walk to Remember (2002), The Notebook (2004), Nights in Rodanthe (2008), Dear John (2010), The Last Song (2010), The Lucky One (2012), Safe Haven (2013), The Best of Me (2014), The Longest Ride (2015), and The Choice (2016) are the most current novels having been made into films.
References
Novels by Nicholas Sparks
American romance novels
Novels set in North Carolina
2005 American novels
The Marico sunbird (Cinnyris mariquensis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae, which is native to woodlands of the eastern and southern Afrotropics.The bird is typically found in the southeast of the continent of Africa. It is of the least concern on the IUCN Red List and has an unknown population size that has yet to be quantified. The Marico sunbird has conservation regions located all over its range, so it is unlikely to go extinct.
Range
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Eritrea, Eswatini, Ethiopia, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Range expansion
The African population of Marico sunbird was spotted on various occasions in between July and August 2016 in locations southwest of where its previously believed range ended. These records raised a red flag of a southward range expansion and therefore a more detailed investigation of the range expansion of the species was needed. The range of these birds is expanding into the Northern Cape and Free state provinces in central South Africa.
There are several theories as to why these birds are expanding or changing their range. It is believed that drought or floods can cause the species to search for a more favourable environment in the nearby vicinity. Since 2014, a severe drought has ravaged large parts of western and central South Africa, serving as a potential explanation for the southward movements of the Marico sunbird.
The current range change map was made by comparing the results of the first and second South African Birds Atlas Project's that were undertaken about 20 years apart.
It is interesting that they are expanding into the southwest of Africa with drier spaces and less tress as a woodlands species. This signifies that it is also possible that physiology and behaviour are playing a role in the southwestern migration of the species.
Population surveys in South Africa
The marico sunbird increased in population from 5 to 23 in a South African study between 1998 and 2008 according to the data presented of the 109 species in a study of bird communities in Eswatini savannas and how changes in those bird communities have occurred due to shrub encroachment. This shrub encroachment has created more habitats for the Marico sunbird as it is primarily a woodlands species, but can also survive in dry, arid savanna type environments. The Marico sunbird population hasn't been quantified, however it is certain that it is not any lower than the vulnerable population threshold (<10,000 with a >10% continuing decline over 10 years or 3 generations). The Marico sunbird also occurs over a very large range and cannot be considered vulnerable in terms of its range.
Recordings
The Marico sunbird was recorded in the Kutse Game Reserve in a study of the birds of the Kutse Game Reserve located just south of the Central Kalahari Game Reserve. In general terms, the reserve is representative of the rest of the Kalahari. The Marico sunbird is considered a local migrant to the area, although it is uncommon from October to March.
Flight patterns
The Marico sunbird flies favourably through natural landscapes such as rivers and valleys, like other sunbirds because these landscapes carve a natural flight path within which the bird has ample foraging opportunities while travelling. The same goes for towns or suburbs with landscaped areas which can act as a secondary habitat and resource for migrating birds.
Effect of shrub encroachment
The results of an Eswatini study suggest that shrub encroachment is the primary reason why species frequencies are changing. Shrub encroachment occurs as a result of unmanaged desert land becoming overgrown with vegetation. Woody plants take over the savanna and create more habitat for woodlands species while simultaneously taking liveable habitats away from the open savanna species.
Gallery
References
Cinnyris
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
María Angels Ramón-Llin i Martínez (born 15 June 1963 in Valencia, Spain) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Married with one son and daughter, Ramón-Llin holds a degree in law. She entered politics in 1982 when she joined Unió Valenciana (UV) a right wing regional party. She served as President of its youth wing from 1983 to 1991. In 1987 when she was elected as a UV deputy to the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament, serving until 2004. During that period she served as Environment and Agriculture minister (1995-1997) and Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (1999-2003) in the Valencian regional administration She abandoned UV on 11 January 1999 and later joined the PP. In 2004 she moved to national politics when she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region for the PP. She did not stand in 2008 but remains a member of the Provincial committee of the PP in Valencia region.
Ramón-Llin also has a diploma in music and is a qualified teacher of Valencian.
References
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress website
1963 births
Living people
People from Valencia
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the Corts Valencianes
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Valencian Union politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Valencia city councillors
Isaac Newton's sine-squared law of air resistance is a formula that implies the force on a flat plate immersed in a moving fluid is proportional to the square of the sine of the angle of attack. Although Newton did not not analyze the force on a flat plate himself, the techniques he used for spheres, cylinders, and conical bodies were later applied to a flat plate to arrive at this formula. In 1687, Newton devoted the second volume of his Principia Mathematica to fluid mechanics.
The analysis assumes that the fluid particles are moving at a uniform speed prior to impacting the plate and then follow the surface of the plate after contact. Particles passing above and below the plate are assumed to be unaffected and any particle-to-particle interaction is ignored. This leads to the following formula:
where F is the force on the plate (oriented perpendicular to the plate), is the density of the fluid, v is the velocity of the fluid, S is the surface area of the plate, and is the angle of attack.
More sophisticated analysis and experimental evidence have shown that this formula is inaccurate; although Newton's analysis correctly predicted that the force was proportional to the density, the surface area of the plate, and the square of the velocity, the proportionality to the square of the sine of the angle of attack is incorrect. The force is directly proportional to the sine of the angle of attack, or for small values of itself.
The assumed variation with the square of the sine predicted that the lift component would be much smaller than it actually is. This was frequently cited by detractors of heavier-than-air flight to "prove" it was impossible or impractical.
Ironically, the sine squared formula has had a rebirth in modern aerodynamics; the assumptions of rectilinear flow and non-interactions between particles are applicable at hypersonic speeds and the sine-squared formula leads to reasonable predictions.
In 1744, 17-years after Newton's death, the French mathematician Jean le Rond d'Alembert attempted to use the mathematical methods of the day to describe and quantify the forces acting on a body moving relative to a fluid. It proved impossible and d'Alembert was forced to conclude that he could not devise a mathematical method to describe the force on a body, even though practical experience showed such a force always exists. This has become known as D'Alembert's paradox.
References
Aerodynamics
Classical mechanics
Force
Michael Wolfe (born October 12, 1976) is an American actor, writer, producer and director, known for his work on the independent film Maybe Tomorrow.
Early life
Michael Wolfe was born and raised in Patchogue, New York, and studied TV and film production at the Marist College. He worked for more than 10 years as a bartender in Rego Park before entering the film business.
Career
For his portrayal of Russ Mahler in Maybe Tomorrow, Wolfe received the award for Best Actor in a Feature Film in the 2012 Golden Door Film Festival, and was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in the 2012 Hoboken International Film Festival. He was also nominated, along with his cast mates, for Best Ensemble Performance in the 2012 Orlando Film Festival.
Wolfe is a member of the Actors' Equity Association. His stage credits include the role of Mij in the dramatic play Banshee of Bainbridge that ran in the 2010 New York International Fringe Festival.
As a screenwriter, Wolfe is a member of the Writers Guild of America. He has written four pilots, 23 screenplays and two books.
For directing Maybe Tomorrow, Wolfe received the award for Best Director and shared the award for Best Film at the 2012 Golden Door International Film Festival, and was the runner-up for Best Feature in the 2012 Philadelphia Independent Film Festival. Maybe Tomorrow was showcased at the 2012 Hartford Flick Fest (Best Feature Flick). and the 2012 Bahamas International Film Festival, where it won the award for Best Feature in the New Divisions category.
Blogging
Wolfe is a contributing blogger and editor at large at Veracity Stew, which covers politics and pop culture in general.
References
External links
Official website
American male film actors
American male screenwriters
Living people
1976 births
People from Patchogue, New York
Male actors from New York City
Film directors from New York City
American political writers
American male non-fiction writers
American bloggers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Screenwriters from New York (state)
American male bloggers
21st-century American screenwriters
Villa Maria Academy could refer to:
Villa Maria Academy (Malvern, Pennsylvania), a Catholic high school in Malvern, Pennsylvania
Villa Maria Academy (Erie, Pennsylvania), a Catholic high school in Erie, Pennsylvania
Villa Maria Academy (1892), the original academy buildings for Villa Maria Academy in Erie, Pennsylvania
Villa Maria Academy, Buffalo, New York; closed in 2006
Moallem Kola (, also Romanized as Mo‘allem Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 964, in 236 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
This is a list of French television related events from 1974.
Events
6 April – France's entrant Dani withdraws from the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 as a mark of respect due to the recent death of the French President Georges Pompidou
Debuts
3 January – Le secret des Flamands (1974)
6 May – Nans le berger (1974)
19 October – Histoires insolites (1974–1979)
16 December – Chéri-Bibi (1974–1977)
21 December – The Tiger Brigades (1974–1983)
1960s
La Tête et les Jambes (1960-1978)
Les Coulisses de l'exploit (1961-1972)
Les Dossiers de l'écran (1967-1991)
Monsieur Cinéma (1967-1980)
Les Animaux du monde (1969-1990)
Alain Decaux raconte (1969-1987)
Ending this year
Arsène Lupin (since 1971)
Aux frontières du possible (since 1971)
See also
1974 in France
List of French films of 1974
Housekeeping vs. The Dirt is a 2006 collection of essays from The Believer written by Nick Hornby. It follows on from another collection of columns from the same magazine entitled The Polysyllabic Spree.
References
2006 non-fiction books
McSweeney's books
Essay collections
Works by Nick Hornby
Books of literary criticism
Sclerodoris apiculata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Distribution
This species was described from India.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1864
Anheh (, also Romanized as Ānheh; also known as Aneh) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Negrași is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bârlogu, Buta, Mozacu and Negrași.
Near Negrași is situated Poiana cu Narcise Negrași (Negrași Daffodil Meadow), a natural reservation.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Acepentalene is a tricyclic anti-aromatic compound. Its molecular formula is . It consists of three five-membered rings fused across three of the five carbon atoms. The central carbon atom in acepentalene is part of all three rings. There are formally five double bonds in acepentalene, so that the molecule formally contains four double bonds on the exterior, and one double bond from the central carbon to the exterior of the ring system.
The acepentalene dianion, which can be stabilized by two lithium atoms, is more stable. The radical anion is also known.
The dianion was first synthesized by reacting triquinacene with n-butyllithium and potassium tert-amylate (also called potassium t-pentoxide) in hexane solution.
References
Antiaromatic compounds
Pietro Bizzarri (1525–1586) was an Italian historian and spy.
Life
Bizzarri was born at Sassoferrato in Umbria; or, according to some writers, at Perugia, and so is sometimes called Petrus Perusius. When young he went to Venice, but having become a Protestant he left for Germany, in 1545. After the Battle of Mühlberg (1547) he moved on to England, where he spent periods his life.
On 4 July 1549 Bizzarri was admitted a Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, by the royal commissioners for the visitation of the university, being incorporated there ad eundem; and Francis Russell became his patron. The accession of Queen Mary saw him leave England; he returned on the accession of Elizabeth I.
Bishop John Jewel, prompted by Archbishop Matthew Parker, gave Bizzari the prebend of Alton Pancras in Salisbury Cathedral. This followed the presentation to the queen of his De principe tractatus. Meanwhile Russell had become governor of Berwick. Bizzarri went north with him. He presented Mary, Queen of Scots with a different treatise, and shortly went abroad.
Not receiving further church preferment, Bizzarri began to travel. He obtained, in 1570, a license from William Cecil to go abroad, to print his own works, and gather news of foreign affairs for the government. He passed some time at Genoa; in Germany he obtained, through the influence of Hubert Languet, employment with the Elector of Saxony. On 20 October 1573 he addressed from Augsburg a letter in Italian to Cecil, now Lord Burghley. He went on to Antwerp, where he met the scholarly circle around Christopher Plantin. In 1581 he asked Justus Lipsius in Leyden to find a publisher of his "Universal History" in eight volumes. He was back in Antwerp in December 1583; on 23 November 1586 he addressed a Latin letter from The Hague to Burghley.
Bizzari is thought to have died soon after November 1586.
Works
Bizzarri's works are:
Varia Opuscula, Venice (Aldus), 1565. Dedicated to Queen Elizabeth. This work is divided into two parts, the first of declamations in the manner of the ancient rhetoricians, the second of poems, some of which are reprinted in Gherus's Delitiæ 200 Italorum Poetarum, and in Carmina illustrium Poetarum Italicorum. Jeremiah Holmes Wiffen, in his memoirs of the house of Russell, gave English metrical versions of two short poems addressed to members of that family.
Historia della guerra fatta in Ungheria dall' inuittissimo Imperatore de' Christiani, contra quello de' Turchi: con la Narratione di tutte quelle cose che sono auuenute in Europa, dall' anno 1564, insino all' anno 1568, Lyon, 1568, and, with a slightly different title, 1569. A Latin translation by the author himself was printed as Pannonicum Bellum, sub Maximiliano II Rom. et Solymano Turcarum Imperatoribus gestum: cumque Arcis Sigethi expugnatione, iam pridem magna cura et studio descriptum. Vnà cum Epitome illarum rerum quæ in Europa insigniores gestae sunt: et præsertim de Belgarum motibus, ab anno LXIIII usque ad LXXIII, Basle, 1573. The first treatise in this volume was included by Jacques Bongars in his Rerum Hungaricarum Scriptores varii, Frankfort, 1600, and by Matthew Bell in his reprint, Vienna, 1746.
Cyprium Bellum inter Venetos et Selymum, Turcarum imperatorem, gestum, Basle, 1573. A French translation appeared as Histoire de la Guerre qui s'est passée entre les Venitiens et la saincte Ligue contre les Turcs, pour l'Isle de Cypre, ès années 1570, 1571, & 1572, mise en Francoys par F. de Belleforest, Paris, 1573.
Senatus Populiq. Geneuensis Rerum domi, forisque, gestarum Historiæ atque Annales: cum luculenta variarum rerum cognitione dignissimarum, quæ diversis temporibus, & potissimùm hac nostra tempestate contigerunt, enarratione, Antwerp, 1579. Grævius printed two pieces from this work in the first volume of his Thesaurus Antiquitat. Italicar.
Rerum Persicarum historia, initia gentis, resque gestas ad hæc usque tempora complectens: accedunt varia opuscula diversorum scriptorum ad historiam Persicam recentiorem spectantia, Antwerp, 1583; Frankfort, 1601. The Frankfort edition contains some opuscula not to be found in the other.
"Universal History", manuscript in 8 vols.
De Principe tractatus; ad reginam Elizabetham, Royal manuscripts, British Library 12 a, 48. This differs slightly from the printed treatise "De optimo principe" in the Varia Opuscula. The dedication of the manuscript is dated 5 December 1561.
Bizzarri also brought out a new edition of La Santa Comedia of Mario Cardoini, Venice, 1566.
References
Attribution
1525 births
1586 deaths
16th-century Italian historians
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
Ronald Francis Gora (July 10, 1933 – March 11, 2014) was an American competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion. Gora was born in Chicago, Illinois and attended Lane Tech High School in Chicago. He remains tied with Tom Jager and Brian Alden for the second most individual high school state championships won by a male in Illinois.
Gora won a gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay event at the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires, Argentina, alongside Dick Cleveland, Burwell Jones and Bill Heusner. Individually, he also received a Pan American Games silver medal for his second-place finish in the 100-meter freestyle. Gora again represented the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, where he finished eighth in the final of the men's 100-meter freestyle with a time of 58.8 seconds. He attended the University of Michigan, and swam for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1952 to 1954. He was a member of Michigan's NCAA national championship teams in the 400-yard freestyle relay in 1953 and 1954.
Gora had four sisters. On November 16, 1963, he married Maria Käppeler, they had one daughter and two sons. Gora had 2 daughters and 2 son's from a previous marriage.
See also
List of University of Michigan alumni
References
1933 births
2014 deaths
American male freestyle swimmers
Michigan Wolverines men's swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the United States
Swimmers from Chicago
Swimmers at the 1951 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
WOTT is a 4-letter combination that can mean:
For the radio station, see WOTT (FM).
For the radio station that used the call sign from 1959 to 1982, see WNER.
For the series of adventure gamebooks set on the fantasy world of Orb, see Way of the Tiger.
John Grogan (30 October 1915 – 1976) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City and Mansfield Town.
References
20th-century births
1976 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Shawfield F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Akhtakhana may refer to:
Dzorastan, Armenia
Axtaxana, Azerbaijan
Universidad Monteávila is a private, Roman Catholic - Opus Dei - University in Caracas, Venezuela, founded in 1998. Its education is humanities-based, offering majors in Law, Education, Business Administration and Social Communication.
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Catholic universities and colleges in Venezuela
Educational institutions established in 1998
1998 establishments in Venezuela
Opus Dei universities and colleges
Bhojpuri is a small village in Alwar district of Rajasthan in India. It is part of the National Capital Region. It is known for prehistoric havelis.
Bhojpuri is 67.3 km far from its District Headquarters Alwar. It is 140 km far from its State Capital Jaipur.
Geography
Bhojpuri is located at in northern part of Alwar district of Rajasthan at an elevation of 263m. Bhojpuri is one of the oldest place of NCR region. This village is situated at the bank of the River Sabi. The land of this holy village is very much productive. The Rajasthan Legislature approved way to transform government sec. school is just on the inskirts of Bhojpuri. Nearby villages are Hulmana (100 m), Beejwad Chouhan (2.5 km), Manethi (1 km), Jalawas (1.5 km), Vijay Nagar (2.5 km), Pholadpur (3 km).
Location
Bhojpuri town is located in the National Capital Region, 100 km south of Delhi, 140 km north of state capital Jaipur, 67.3 km north of Alwar city, 28 km north of Behror, 25 km south of Rewari city, 45 km south of Dharuhera, 20 km west of Bhiwadi .
It is easily reached from NH8 (Delhi-Jaipur-Mumbai highway) via shahjahanpur or Neemrana.
Demography
Mundawar was a village with population of under 1000 of which 481 are males while 404 are females as per 2011 census. According to Census 2011 the Bhojpuri village has higher literacy rate compared to other Rajasthan. In 2011, literacy rate of Bhojpuri village was 78.2% compared to 66.11% of Rajasthan. In Bhojpuri Male literacy stands at 91.5% while female literacy rate was 62%.
References
http://www.census2011.co.in/data/village/71966-bhojpuri-rajasthan.html
Villages in Alwar district
Brănești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bădești, Brănești, Brebenei, Capu Dealului, Gilortu and Pârâu.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Sănduleni is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bârzulești, Coman, Mateiești, Sănduleni, Stufu, Tisa and Verșești.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Kalteva Torni ( The Leaning Tower), is a 2006 Finnish comedy film, directed by Timo Koivusalo. It was premiered in Finland on 20 October 2006.
The leading roles are played by Martti Suosalo, Seela Sella, Liisa Kuoppamäki, Siiri Suosalo, Esko Nikkari, Mats Långbacka, Laura Jurkka, Jemina Sillanpää and Risto Salmi.
It is the story of a benevolent man who does not know he has multiple personalities. His greatest fear is that he will not be able to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa before it falls. His adventures lead him into tricky situations and, eventually, he does see it.
External links
2006 films
2000s Finnish-language films
2006 comedy films
Films directed by Timo Koivusalo
Finnish comedy films
"A Rock Star Bucks a Coffee Shop" is a song recorded by Neil Young and Promise of the Real. It is a protest-song aimed at the companies Starbucks and Monsanto. The piece comes from the concept album The Monsanto Years, which primarily criticizes the firm Monsanto.
About the Song
The song was released as a single in May 2015 and is the first item from the album The Monsanto Years.
It refers to the lawsuit by Monsanto against Vermont due to the state's attempt at passing a GMO labeling law. The song also references "the poison tide of Monsanto" and a farmer who signs a GMO deal when Young sings, "I want a cup of coffee but I don't want a GMO. I'd like to start my day off without helping Monsanto."
In a brief review of the song, Stefan Schmidt in The National Singles Round-Up also remarked that song did not hold back against critiquing Starbucks and Monsanto and suggested that Young hadn't lost his appetite for tackling political issues.
As of the 31st of May 2015, the song was also rewarded with the title "Video of the Week" on the Food Consumer website.
Venue
Young also introduced an acoustic version of the song in Maui while performing at "OUTGROW Monsanto", a festival held to protest Monsanto's business practices in Hawaii.
Moreover, the song was also featured in Young's July and October 2015 tours, for which Promise of the Real served as his backing band.
References
Songs about musicians
Songs against capitalism
2015 songs
Anti-GMO movement
Neil Young songs
Protest songs
Songs written by Neil Young
Song recordings produced by Neil Young
Athlinks is a free-of-charge social networking website aimed at competitive endurance athletes. It primarily presents race results for running, swimming, cycling, mountain biking, triathlon, and adventure racing. It is also represented as tool for athletes to connect with other competitors and enthusiasts locally.
About
Athlinks claims to have the "most comprehensive database of endurance race results and events anywhere in the world". Users can mark their own race results, and build a thorough list of their race history.
The website also has a "rivals" feature, where a user can compare themselves to athletes with similar results. Like other social network websites, a user maintains a group of "friends". In addition, users may keep a training log, list their gear items, upload photos, and present a schedule of future events.
In February 2013, ChronoTrack, a provider of timing, race management and live race services, announced that it had acquired Athlinks.
References
External links
Athlinks
American social networking websites
Running mass media
Adventure racing
Triathlon
Cycling websites
Growing degree days (GDD), also called growing degree units (GDUs), are a heuristic tool in phenology. GDD are a measure of heat accumulation used by horticulturists, gardeners, and farmers to predict plant and animal development rates such as the date that a flower will bloom, an insect will emerge from dormancy, or a crop will reach maturity.
Introduction
In the absence of extreme conditions such as unseasonal drought or disease, plants grow in a cumulative stepwise manner which is strongly influenced by the ambient temperature. Growing degree days take aspects of local weather into account and allow gardeners to predict (or, in greenhouses, even to control) the plants' pace toward maturity.
Unless stressed by other environmental factors like moisture, the development rate from emergence to maturity for many plants depends upon the daily air temperature. Because many developmental events of plants and insects depend on the accumulation of specific quantities of heat, it is possible to predict when these events should occur during a growing season regardless of differences in temperatures from year to year. Growing degrees (GDs) is defined as the number of temperature degrees above a certain threshold base temperature, which varies among crop species. The base temperature is that temperature below which plant growth is zero. GDs are calculated each day as maximum temperature plus the minimum temperature divided by 2, minus the base temperature. GDUs are accumulated by adding each day's GDs contribution as the season progresses.
GDUs can be used to: assess the suitability of a region for production of a particular crop; estimate the growth-stages of crops, weeds or even life stages of insects; predict maturity and cutting dates of forage crops; predict best timing of fertilizer or pesticide application; estimate the heat stress on crops; plan spacing of planting dates to produce separate harvest dates. Crop specific indices that employ separate equations for the influence of the daily minimum (nighttime) and the maximum (daytime) temperatures on growth are called crop heat units (CHUs).
GDD calculation
GDD are calculated by taking the integral of warmth above a base temperature, Tbase (plant type dependant, see baseline section):
(where integration is over the time period with ).
A simpler, approximately equivalent formulation uses the average of the daily maximum and minimum temperatures compared to a Tbase. As an equation:
If the minimum temperature Tmin is below the Tbase one, there exist two variants:
variant A: Do not change . Only if , set . The resulting GDD is 0. This can be written more compactly as:
variant B: Change to
GDDs are typically measured from the winter low. Any temperature below Tbase is set to Tbase before calculating the average. Likewise, the maximum temperature is usually capped at 30 °C because most plants and insects do not grow any faster above that temperature. However, some warm temperate and tropical plants do have significant requirements for days above 30 °C to mature fruit or seeds.
Example of GDD calculation
For example, a day with a high of 23 °C and a low of 12 °C (and a base of 10 °C) would contribute 7.5 GDDs.
As a second example, a day with a high of 13 °C and a low of 5 °C (and a base of 10 °C) would contribute:
version A: 0 GDD, as: )
version B: 1.5 GDDs, as:
Plant development
Pest control
Insect development and growing degree days are also used by some farmers and horticulturalists to time their use of organic or biological pest control or other pest control methods so they are applying the procedure or treatment at the point that the pest is most vulnerable. For example:
Black cutworm larvae have grown large enough to start causing economic damage at 165 GDD
Azalea lace bug emerges at about 130 GDD
Boxwood leafminer emerges at about 250 GDD
Honeybees
Several beekeepers are now researching the correlation between growing degree-days and the life cycle of a honeybee colony.
Baselines
The optimal base temperature is often determined experimentally based on the life cycle of the plant or insect in question. Common baselines for crops are either 5 °C for cool-season plants and 10 °C for warm-season plants and most insect development.
Crops
4.5 °C wheat, barley, rye, oats, flaxseed, lettuce, asparagus,"canning purposes"
8 °C sunflower, potato
10 °C maize (including sweet corn), sorghum, rice, soybeans, tomato, coffee, grapes, snap beans, lima beans
30 °C the USDA measure heat zones in GDD above 30 °C; for many plants this is significant for seed maturation, e.g. reed (Phragmites) requires at least some days reaching this temperature to mature viable seeds
Pests
6 °C Stalk borer
7 °C Corn rootworm
9 °C Alfalfa weevil
10 °C Black cutworm, European corn borer, standard baseline for insect and mite pests of woody plants
11 °C Green cloverworm
Modified growing degree days
In the cases of some plants, not only do they require a certain minimum temperature to grow, but they will also stop growing above a warmer threshold temperature. In such cases, a modified growing degree day is used: the growing degree days are calculated at the lower baseline, then at the higher baseline, which is subtracted. Corn is an example of this: it starts growing at 10 °C and stops at 30 °C, meaning any growing degree-days above 30 °C do not count.
Units
GDDs may be calculated in either Celsius or Fahrenheit, though they must be converted appropriately; for every 9 GDDF there are 5 GDDC, or in conversion calculation:
GDDC = 5/9 * GDDF
The equivalent unit compliant with the International System of Units is the kelvin-second. A quantity of kelvin-seconds is four orders of magnitude higher than the corresponding degree day (1 Celsius degree-day is 8.64×104 K·s; 1 Fahrenheit degree-day is 4.8×104 K·s).
See also
Degree day
Growing season
Heating degree day
Weather derivative
Winkler scale
Phenology
References
404 links
Notes
External links
Good explanation of Growing Degree Day calculations with examples
Current year-to-date GDDs for selected US cities
a table of GDDs necessary for grapes
GDDs to various stages of maturity for selected crops
University of Massachusetts Amherst Extension, Integrated Pest management Tools, web site accessed Jan 2005
Online GDD calculator
Turf Growing Degree Days Calculator for sports stadia and golf courses
Climatology
Horticulture
Agrometeorology
Pest control
Seasons
Meteorological indices
Bloody Wednesday is a 1988 thriller film directed by Mark G. Gilhuis and starring Raymond Elmendorf, Pamela Baker, and Jeff O'Haco. It is based on the events of the San Ysidro McDonald's massacre.
Premise
Harry is an auto mechanic going through a nasty divorce. When he gets fired from his job, he begins to lose his mind and walks into a church nude. Harry is subsequently committed to a mental hospital. After his release, he decides to stay in an abandoned hotel, where he begins having hallucinations. As his life degenerates, Harry begins to plan a shooting massacre at a local fast food restaurant.
Cast
Raymond Elmendorf as Harry
Pamela Baker as Dr. Johnson
Navarre Perry as Ben Curtis
Teresa Mae Allen as Elaine Curtis
Jeff O'Haco as Animal
Linda Dona as Pretty Lady
Herb Kronsberg as Walter Burns
Murray Cruchley as Lou Cramer
Release
Bloody Wednesday was shot in 1985 but released on September 8, 1988, on VHS. On April 19, 2016, the film was finally officially released on DVD in the United States by Film Chest. A Blu-ray release has yet to be announced.
The movie gained poor critical reception and is nowadays known as b-movie cult classic.
Differences between the real massacre and the movie
The name of the killer is Harry instead of the real James Huberty and Harry uses a revolver instead of a Browning HP used by Huberty. The Uzi used in the film was fully automatic while Huberty's Uzi was semi-automatic.
James Huberty was taken down and killed by a police SWAT sniper, while Harry is fatally shot down by a restaurant customer.
The real-life massacre took place at a McDonald's restaurant, while the massacre in the movie takes place at a nameless cafe.
The actual massacre lasted for 77 minutes, while the massacre in the movie lasts for the final five minutes.
Five children (under age 18) were killed in the actual massacre, while no children are seen in the movie.
References
External links
1988 films
1988 horror films
1980s crime thriller films
American crime drama films
American horror drama films
American crime thriller films
American horror thriller films
Crime horror films
American independent films
Crime films based on actual events
Horror films based on actual events
Films set in San Diego
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Moon Man () is a 2012 German-French-Irish animated film directed by Stephan Schesch based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Tomi Ungerer.
Premise
The man on the moon gets bored and visits Earth.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival in France on 8 June 2012, and its German premiere on 28 June 2012 at the Five Lakes Film Festival in Fünfseenland. The film had its theatrical release in Germany on 14 March 2013. It had a worldwide gross of $131,705.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 86% based on 22 critical reviews. The critics consensus reads: "Its deliberate pacing is certainly an acquired taste, but Moon Man's enchanting animation style and subversive flourishes make it a refreshingly off-beat yarn."
References
External links
Moon Man at filmportal.de (in German)
2012 animated films
Stefan Schärer (born 26 January 1965) is a Swiss handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Brown House is a historic house at 384 Tremont Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. This -story wood-frame house has an unusual construction history. According to a local history, at its core is a structure built in the early 18th century, which was significantly modified and extended in the late 19th century with vernacular Italianate styling. The architectural evidence supports the idea that part of the house was in fact built in the 18th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1700
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
1700 establishments in Massachusetts
"Choose You" is a song by Australian-New Zealand recording artist Stan Walker, released as the second single from his second studio album, From the Inside Out, on 20 July 2010. The pop, R&B song was written by Stuart Crichton, Carl Dimataga and Cassie Davis, with the latter also handling its production with Stuart Crichton and Phil Tan. "Choose You" received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its stomping beats and noted that it was radio-friendly. On the New Zealand Singles Chart, the song peaked at number three and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ). It also peaked at number 16 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). An accompanying music video was directed by Marc Furmie and was released on 5 August 2010. It features Walker having to choose between his former girlfriend or his music career.
Background and release
"Choose You" was written by Stuart Crichton, Cassie Davis and Carl Dimataga. On working with Davis, Walker explained, "I'd only met Cassie [Davis] once before at the Aria Awards and we hit it off the first time we met, but I really didn't know her that well. I loved the song when I first heard it, and I loved the way she wrote it – it sounded awesome. There's a real magic to the song – it's a wicked pop song mixed with a little old skool R&B." Before the song was released for digital download, Walker gave an exclusive acoustic performance of "Choose You" to MusicFix. "Choose You" was sent to Australian contemporary hit radio on 12 July 2010. A week later, it became the fifth most added song to Australian radio, and the second most added song to New Zealand radio.
The song was released digitally in Australia and New Zealand on 20 July 2010. The Compact Disc single was released in Australia on 30 July 2010, and featured a remix of the song and two bonus tracks. An extended play of "Choose You" was also released the same date, and featured two remixes of "Choose You".
Reception
Scott Kara from The New Zealand Herald chose "Choose You" as one of the best tracks of From the Inside Out, appreciating its "soaring pop and grand stomp". Cameron Adams from The Daily Telegraph wrote that the song was radio-friendly and catchy. Drew Taylor from Warcry described "Choose You" as an "infectious song" and noted that it has "chart potential". On the New Zealand Singles Chart, "Choose You" debuted at number seven on 26 July 2010. The song peaked at number three on 6 September 2010, where it remained for five consecutive weeks. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ), for selling 15,000 copies. In Australia, "Choose You" debuted at number 33 on the ARIA Singles Chart on 16 August 2010, and peaked at number 16 on 30 August. It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for selling 70,000 copies.
Music video
Released on 5 August, the music video for the song was directed by Marc Furmie, and filmed in Sydney. The plot shows Walker having to choose between his former girlfriend or his music career. It begins with Walker's partner packing and leaving, after which Walker reminisces on their relationship. On the way to a musical performance, he imagines his girlfriend being with him. At an airport following his show, Walker turns around and 'chooses' his partner.
Track listing
Digital download
"Choose You" – 3:39
Digital EP
"Choose You" – 3:39
"Choose You" featuring Israel and Miracle (Israel Remix) – 3:50
"Choose You" (Jayou Remix) – 4:06
Australia CD single
"Choose You"
"Choose You" (Remix)
"Left Lonely"
"Stand Up"
Personnel
Stuart Crichton – keys, production, programming, writing
Cassie Davis – keys, production, writing
Carl Dimataga – guitar, writing
Damien Lewis – assistant mixing
Phil Tan – additional production, mixing
Source:
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2010 singles
Stan Walker songs
2010 songs
Sony Music Australia singles
Songs written by Cassie Davis
Songs written by Stuart Crichton
Meijin (名人) means "Brilliant Man". It is the name of the second most prestigious Japanese Go Tournament. It also refers to a traditional Japanese title given to the strongest player of the day during the Edo period.
The tournament
The Meijin tournament is sponsored by the Asahi newspaper, and has prize money of ¥36,000,000 for the winner and ¥10,400,000 for the runner-up.
The tournament is open to Nihon Ki-in and Kansai Ki-in players. A nine-player league decides the challenger each year. Every year, the three worst-ranked players in the league drop out. Entrance into the league is decided by three preliminaries. The first is between 1-4 dans (6 winners: 4 Nihon ki-in and 2 Kansai ki-in). The second is between 5-9 dans and the six winners (18 winners). The third is between these 18 and the 3 people dropped from the league (3 winners, who enter the league). Komi is 6.5. The time limit is 8 hours each in the title matches and 3 hours in the league and prelims. Byo-yomi is 1 minute per move.
History
The title of "Meijin" derives from a game played by the first Hon'inbō, Sansa. An onlooker (no less than Japanese warlord Oda Nobunaga) watched him play a particularly brilliant move and exclaimed "Meijin!" in appreciation of its greatness. The term was thereafter applied to the strongest player of the day. Sansa, besides being Nobunaga's Go tutor, also taught Toyotomi Hideyoshi, who, after taking control, established Sansa as Godokoro, roughly meaning "Head of the Government Go Bureau." The Meijin title came to be greatly prized by all of the most promising Go prodigies of the age, freed from the cares of everyday life by the government stipends coming from the Go Bureau. Most often held by members of the Hon'inbō school, it was also held by brilliant Yasuis and Inoues. No player from Hayashi house attained Meijin status. The title "Meijin" is also attached to the rank of 9 dans during this period hence there is only one 9-dan/Meijin at a time even if there are many players that are at the strength of a 9 dan. 8-dans in the Edo period are called Jun-Meijin which means half-Meijin which is a rank accorded to sixteen players in the Edo period. After the Meiji Revolution, the four houses fell into disrepair due to the lack of government stipends.
In 1958, the Yomiuri newspaper decided to sponsor a "Strongest Player" tournament to decide the strongest player of the current time. In 1961 the tournament's name was changed to Meijin.
Since they already sponsored the Shogi Meijin tournament, in 1975 the Asahi newspaper offered to buy the rights to the Meijin tournament from the Yomiuri. After months of debating, the title was sold and the Yomiuri began sponsoring a new title, Kisei (Go Saint). The tournament before 1976 thus became called the Old Meijin.
Historic Meijins
Past winners
In fiction
In the manga Hikaru no Go, there is a Meijin called Toya Koyo.
See also
International Go Federation
List of professional Go tournaments
Honorary Meijin
Yasunari Kawabata, author of The Master of Go
External links
The Meijin Tournament
Meijin title games
References
Classical Budo (1973), by Donn F. Draeger, pp. 27–30
MEIJIN (2010, fiction), by John DiStano ()
History of Go
Go competitions in Japan
The Challenge Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race at weight for age for horses three years old and older, over a distance of 1000 metres at Randwick Racecourse, Sydney in March. Total prize money for the race is A$500,000.
History
The race was first run in 1906. Before 2003 the race was run in January or early February.
The track and race record was set by Redzel in 2018 in a time of 55.73 seconds.
Grade
1906–1978 - Principal Race
1987 onwards - Group 2
Venue
1906–2001 - Randwick
2002–2006 - Warwick Farm
2007–2010 - Randwick
2011 - Warwick Farm
2012 - Rosehill
2013 - Warwick Farm
2014 onwards - Randwick
Distance
1906–1972 - 5 furlongs (~1000 metres)
1973–2011 – 1000 metres
2012 – 1100 metres
2013 onwards – 1000 metres
Winners
2022 - Eduardo
2021 - Eduardo
2020 - Nature Strip
2019 - Ball Of Muscle
2018 - Redzel
2017 - English
2016 - English
2015 - Miracles Of Life
2014 - Villa Verde
2013 - Snitzerland
2012 - Rain Affair
2011 - Hay List
2010 - De Lightning Ridge
2009 - Olonana
2008 - Hurried Choice
2007 - Spark Of Life
2006 - Snitzel
2005 - Impaler
2004 - Star Of Florida
2003 - Star Of Florida
2002 - Bomber Bill
2001 - Pimpala Prince
2000 - Easy Rocking
1999 - Ab Initio
1998 - Cangronde
1997 - Cangronde
1996 - Light Up The World
1995 - Moss Rocket
1994 - Classic Magic
1993 - Spanish Mix
1992 - All Archie
1991 - Lightning Bend
1990 - Show County
1989 - Groucho
1988 - Snippets
1987 - At Sea
1986 - At Sea
1985 - At Sea
1984 - Razor Sharp
1983 - Razor Sharp
1982 - Razor Sharp
1981 - Steel Blade
1980 - Acamer
1979 - Christole
1978 - Monreale
1977 - Crimson Cloud
1976 - River Ridge
1975 - Zephyr Bay
1974 - War Island
1973 - Bounty
1972 - Playbill
1971 - Farlara
1970 - †Constant Rhythm / Biarritz Star
1969 - Gay Gauntlet
1968 - Dawn Boy
1967 - Gay Gauntlet
1966 - Tar Girl
1965 - Time And Tide
1964 - The Tempest
1963 - Wenona Girl
1962 - Rush Bye
1961 - Gili
1960 - Olympiad
1959 - Huntly
1958 - Dubbo
1957 - My Kingdom
1956 - Apple Bay
1955 - Gay Vista
1954 - Tarien
1953 - Apex
1952 - True Leader
1951 - Donegal
1950 - San Domenico
1949 - San Domenico
1948 - Gay Monarch
1947 - Brazier
1946 - Felbeam
1945 - Felbeam
1944 - Yaralla
1943 - Gold Salute
1942 - High Caste
1941 - Caesar
1940 - High Caste
1939 - Bradford
1938 - Hammer Head
1937 - Silver Rose
1936 - Heritor
1935 - The Marne
1934 - Air Queen
1933 - Captivation
1932 - Golden Gate
1931 - Casque D'Or
1930 - Venetian Lady
1929 - Whitta
1928 - Greenline
1927 - Don Moon
1926 - Quixotic
1925 - The Hawk
1924 - Laneffe
1923 - Duke Isinglass
1922 - Sir Maitland
1921 - Maltgilla
1920 - Aries
1919 - Sydney Damsel
1918 - Bonnie Plume
1917 - Wedding Day
1916 - Quinn's Post
1915 - Ninfia
1914 - Golden Hop
1913 - Golden Hop
1912 - Pride Of Murillo
1911 - Poi Dance
1910 - Fille Fogi
1909 - Neith
1908 - Lord Merv
1907 - Queen's Court
1906 - The Pet
† Dead heat
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
External links
Challenge Stakes (ATC)
References
Horse races in Australia
Inchegan (, also Romanized as Īnchegān; also known as Anechkān) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Medical Arts Building is a historic skyscraper at 236 Central Avenue in downtown Hot Springs, Arkansas. It is a 16-story structure with Art Deco styling, rising to a height of . It was built in 1929 to a design by Almand & Stuck, and was the tallest building in the state until 1960.
Its main entrance is framed by fluted pilasters, topped by floral panels and a stone frieze identifying the building.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Today, all but the first floor is in disrepair and closed to the public. In May 2021 the first 15 floors of the building were purchased and are currently under renovation.
Arkansas First Skyscraper
ArkansasFirstSkyscraper
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Arkansas - Medical Arts Building in Hot Springs, AR
Waymarking - Medical Arts Building in Hot Springs, AR
Hospital buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Art Deco architecture in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Hot Springs, Arkansas
Office buildings completed in 1929
National Register of Historic Places in Hot Springs, Arkansas
Skyscrapers in Arkansas
Somewhere in Politics is a 1949 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Tessie O'Shea and Josef Locke. It was the fifth film in the Somewhere series of films featuring Randle followed by It's a Grand Life (1953).
According to the British Film Institute (BFI), only a print of an "18-minute short from the film, entitled Full House", is known to exist.
Plot
Joe Smart (Frank Randle) is a radio repairman who enters the political arena competing in an upcoming election against his own boss. Joe wins the election, but encounters loads of trouble in the process.
Cast
Frank Randle - Joe Smart
Tessie O'Shea - Daisy Smart
Josef Locke - Cllr. Willoughby
Sally Barnes - Marjorie Willoughby
Syd Harrison - Tony Parker
Max Harrison - Arthur Parker
Bunty Meadows - Martha Parker
Jimmy Clitheroe - Sonny
Sonny Burke - Reggie Smart
Anthony Oakley - Howard
Bernard Graham - Bank Manager
Effi McIntosh - Mrs. Jones
Kay Compston - Lady Hazelmere
Fred Simister - Detective Sergeant
George Little - Mayor
Critical reception
In contemporary reviews, The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote: "The provinces will probably enjoy this knockabout comedy, though many Londoners will fail to see the point". To-Day's Cinema concluded: "In addition to the untiring inventiveness of the star in grimace and tumble, the escapades are served by the clowning of Tessie as Randle's electioneering wife - she also heaves her 'two-ton' around in abandoned dance - by the singing of sentimental ditty by Josef Locke, and by the lunacies of Syd and Max in song and sally. It is all put over with pace and vigour, and will doubtless register heartily with the legion of Randle fans."
References
Bibliography
Richards, Jeffrey. Films and British national identity: from Dickens to Dad's Army. Manchester University Press, 1997.
External links
BFI Most Wanted entry, with extensive notes
1949 films
1948 comedy films
1948 films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
British comedy films
Lost British films
British black-and-white films
1949 comedy films
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Charles Layman Terry Jr. (September 17, 1900 – February 6, 1970) was an American lawyer and politician from Dover, in Kent County, Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court as well as Governor of Delaware.
Early life and family
Terry was born at Camden, Delaware, son of Charles Layman Sr. and Elizabeth Maxon Terry. He attended Wesley College and the University of Virginia, receiving his law degree from Washington and Lee University. At Virginia, Terry was initiated into the Psi Chapter of the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity. Terry married Jessica Irby and had one child, Charles III. They were members of Christ Episcopal Church in Dover.
Professional and judicial career
Terry was admitted to the Delaware Bar in 1924 and practiced in Dover, serving as attorney for the Kent County Levy Court and the Delaware General Assembly. In 1936, he was appointed Delaware Secretary of State. He then served as associate justice of the Delaware Superior Court from December 7, 1938 until April 29, 1957 and, as President Judge from that date, until July 23, 1962. He was then appointed associate justice of the Delaware Supreme Court and in May 1963 became its Chief Justice, serving until 1964.
Henry R. Horsey and William Duffy in their article on the Delaware Courts described Terry's tenure as Judge as follows: "In his twenty-five years on the bench, Judge Terry, or just plain "Charlie" as he preferred to be called, was, through his knowledge of the legislative process and influence with the General Assembly, instrumental in obtaining numerous judicial reforms. These included an increase in judicial salaries and significant improvements in the judicial pension system, establishment of full-time Courts of Common Pleas in Kent and Sussex Counties, enduring support for the creation of the present separate Supreme Court of Delaware and extensive improvements and enlargements of the judicial facilities in both the Public Building in Wilmington and the Kent County Courthouse.
Governor of Delaware
Terry had political ambitions and with the support of the incumbent governor, Elbert N. Carvel, resigned as chief justice. He was elected as Governor of Delaware in 1964, defeating Republican David P. Buckson, a former acting governor.
As governor the former Justice instituted a major reform of the magistrate courts or justice of the peace court system, transforming a "court once ridden with politics and favoritism" into what eventually became "an efficient system of salaried, full-time judges sitting in a courtroom setting and conducting proceedings under uniform written rules of procedure." In particular, the practice of paying fees to these officials based on the number of cases was ended, and they came to receive a set salary. A second change occurred with the purchase of Woodburn, the official Governor's House. Governor Terry and his family were the first occupants. Terry's other major initiative was the founding of the Delaware Technical and Community College, with a campus in each county. The former judge was proving to be a very effective governor; as deft, charming, and authoritative as appropriate.
However, Delaware could not escape the key issues of the 1960s, particularly the issue of racial equality. In the Delaware General Assembly there were lengthy debates about equal housing, but no significant legislation could be agreed upon. In the streets of Wilmington, a few nights of shootings in 1967 resulted in a curfew and a liquor sales ban. Terry went to the Delaware General Assembly and demanded and received the authority to declare a state of emergency with crowd control powers. He immediately put the emergency into effect and although the violence was ended in a week, continued the emergency for another month. Then, a year later, real problems came with the murder of Martin Luther King Jr. on April 4, 1968. A few days later Wilmington exploded in two days of self-destructive rioting, looting and burning. Terry again responded with an emergency declaration and sent the National Guard in to assist the city police. A week later, when the situation seemed under control, the mayor lifted the curfew and requested the withdrawal of the National Guard. Believing there was more violence to come, Terry refused. It was not until Terry left office, eight months later, that the National Guard was removed from the streets of Wilmington. While all this was simmering, students at Delaware State College in Dover shouted down Terry during a speech and briefly occupied the administration building. Terry responded by closing down the school for a month. Terry had become known by some as "The Great Divider."
Terry was not without considerable support for his notable accomplishments and for the way he handled the violence in Wilmington. He campaigned for a second term and only narrowly lost, believing an October heart attack and a rezoning dispute in Sussex County cost him the election. However, 1968 was a Republican sweep, and Russell W. Peterson, a chemist from New Castle County, was able to defeat the incumbent governor, undoubtedly helped by a large number of Democrats in Wilmington who were seeking new leadership to end the tension and violence.
Death and legacy
Terry died at Dover and is buried there in the Christ Episcopal Church Cemetery. The Charles L. Terry Campus of the Delaware Technical and Community College at Dover is named in his honor.
Almanac
Elections are held the first Tuesday after November 1. The governor takes office the third Tuesday of January and has a four-year term. All judicial positions are appointed by the governor.
References
Images
Hall of Governors Portrait Gallery ; Portrait courtesy of Historical and Cultural Affairs, Dover.
External links
Biographical Directory of the Governors of the United States
Delaware's Governors
The Political Graveyard
The Supreme Court of Delaware
Places with more information
Delaware Historical Society; website; 505 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801; (302) 655-7161
University of Delaware; Library website; 181 South College Avenue, Newark, Delaware 19717; (302) 831-2965
1900 births
1970 deaths
American Episcopalians
People from Dover, Delaware
Delaware lawyers
Delaware Democrats
Secretaries of State of Delaware
Governors of Delaware
Associate Judges of Delaware
Chief Justices of Delaware
Burials in Dover, Delaware
University of Virginia alumni
Washington and Lee University School of Law alumni
Wesley College (Delaware) alumni
Democratic Party governors of Delaware
20th-century American lawyers
People from Camden, Delaware
Andrew Otten (born 15 May 1989) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Otten was Adelaide's second selection in the 2007 National Draft, pick 27 overall, having recorded strong results at the 2007 NAB AFL Draft Camp ranking in the top 2% for the vertical leap (92 cm), top ten for agility and the top 20% for the beep test (14.2).
Early life
Otten attended Whitefriars College in Donvale, graduating in 2007. He played junior football for the Whitehorse Colts, located in Box Hill North. Otten played basketball in his teen years.
AFL career
Otten made his debut in round 12 against eventual premiers , and played one more game for the 2008 season. The next season, he exploded onto the AFL scene, playing a consistent role as Adelaide's third tall in defence and being likened to former defender Nathan Bassett. Otten won an AFL Rising Star nomination in round 9 for his performance against , in which he collected 23 possessions and kicked a goal, and at the end of the season was voted the runner-up in the ward to Daniel Rich. Otten also scored three votes in the 2009 Brownlow Medal count.
In his 2010 pre-season training, Otten ruptured his left ACL and missed the entire 2010 season as a result. He returned successfully in 2011, playing 15 games in defence and in the midfield. In 2012, however, he struggled with injuries and form, playing six games for the season including the Preliminary Final loss to .
Otten re-established himself in the side in 2013, playing every game and spending time up forward, where he kicked 15 goals, and in the ruck as well as his usual defence position. He was rewarded with the Coach's Award for his willingness to fill any role in the team as needed, and also finished in the top five in the Malcolm Blight Medal for the club's best and fairest player. He also signed a new two-year deal with the Crows at the end of the season. After hyper-extending his left knee in a 2014 pre-season trial game, Otten missed the first nine games of the 2014 season, then played eleven consecutive games before tearing his right ACL in round 20 against the , the opposite knee compared to the one he had reconstructed in 2010. This ruled him out of the game for another 12 months.
Otten made his return in Adelaide's SANFL reserves side in July 2015. He played out the year there, often featuring in the side's best players. At the end of the season he signed another two-year contract keeping him at the club until 2017.
Otten returned to AFL football for the first time in 960 days in Round 1, 2017 against . In the next match, when teammate Josh Jenkins was taken from the ground in the first quarter due to a rib injury, Otten had to take over his role as a part-time ruckman and a key forward, kicking one goal. His stint in the forward line was extended when teammate Mitch McGovern suffered a hamstring injury in the last quarter of the Round 3 Showdown. This enabled him to become a key player in the Crows side as a third tall forward, and he kicked a career-high four goals in the Crows' Round 10 match against , where they won by 100 points.
His brother, Max, was rookie listed with in 2010, but did not play an AFL game.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to end of 2016 season
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2008
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 2 || 0 || 2 || 7 || 6 || 13 || 4 || 3 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 3.5 || 3.0 || 6.5 || 2.0 || 1.5
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2009
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 24 || 1 || 1 || 160 || 293 || 453 || 139 || 45 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 6.7 || 12.2 || 18.9 || 5.8 || 1.9
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 15 || 2 || 2 || 115 || 152 || 267 || 74 || 46 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 7.7 || 10.1 || 17.8 || 4.9 || 3.1
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 6 || 0 || 0 || 44 || 34 || 78 || 30 || 15 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 7.3 || 5.7 || 13.0 || 5.0 || 2.5
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 22 || 15 || 4 || 166 || 147 || 313 || 102 || 50 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 7.6 || 6.7 || 14.2 || 4.6 || 2.3
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
| style="text-align:center" |
| 22 || 10 || 0 || 0 || 63 || 56 || 119 || 33 || 20 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 6.3 || 5.6 || 11.9 || 3.3 || 2.0
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 79
! 18
! 9
! 555
! 688
! 1243
! 382
! 179
! 0.2
! 0.1
! 7.0
! 8.7
! 15.7
! 4.8
! 2.3
|}
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Adelaide Football Club players
Australian people of Dutch descent
Oakleigh Chargers players
Adelaide Football Club (SANFL) players
Gernrode Abbey () was a house of secular canonesses (Frauenstift) in Gernrode in what is now Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Gernrode was founded in 959 and was disestablished in the seventeenth century. In the Middle Ages the abbey was an Imperial abbey had the status of imperial immediacy (German: Reichunmittelbarkeit) and an Imperial State. In the early modern period, the abbey was part of the Upper Saxon Circle.
Foundation
In 959 Gero, margrave of the Saxon Eastern March, founded the abbey of Gernrode, at his castle of Geronisroth, in what is now the city of Gernrode, which is located on the north-eastern edge of the Harz mountains. Since Gero's sons, Siegfried and Gero, had died without heirs, he donated all of his personal property to the abbey after his death. The first abbess of Gernrode was Hathui, the widow of Gero's son. Hathui was a member of the Billung dynasty and was a niece of Queen Matilda. The abbey was intended as a burial place and memorial site for Gero.
In July 961, Emperor Otto I, a cousin of Abbess Hathui, granted Gernrode immunity and placed the abbey under imperial protection. The abbey was also granted the right of free election of its abbesses and advocates by means of a charter issued by emperor Otto III in 999. The abbey was also placed under papal protection at this time.
The abbey was originally dedicated to the Virgin Mary and St Peter. Yet, on a journey to Rome, Gero acquired relics of Cyriakus. The abbey and its collegiate church, Saint Cyriakus, Gernrode, were thus re-dedicated to Cyriakus, and became a centre for his cult.
Gernrode in the Middle Ages
The earliest documented advocates of the abbey, from the twelfth-century onwards, were members of the House of Ascania, starting probably with Albert the Bear.
The second abbess of Gernrode was Adelaide I (r.1014-1044), daughter of Otto II. Adelaide was already abbess of Quedlinburg (r.999-1044), and at this time, Gernrode was closely connected with the abbey of Quedlinburg. In Ottonian times, Gernrode had a similar status to the abbeys of Quedlinburg, Gandersheim, Essen and Vreden. Gernrode was part of a prayer confraternity with Gandersheim and Vreden. Yyet, from the eleventh century onwards, Gernrode lost some of its royal connections, as the Askanier dynasty increased their control over the abbey. There were far fewer royal visits to Gernrode than other female abbeys. In the eleventh and twelfth centuries, only Empress Cunigunde, Emperor Henry V, and Emperor Frederick Barbarossa visited Gernrode. After Frederick Barbarossa held an imperial assembly at Gernrode in 1188, there were no further royal visits to Gernrode. In 1357 Emperor Charles IV issued an imperial diploma confirming Gernrode's rights.
Convent
From its foundation, the abbesses and provosts of Gernrode came from members of noble German dynasties, including the Billung, Askanier, and the House of Wettin. There were initially places for 24 noblewomen at Gernrode, plus another 12 at Frose. In addition to the nuns, Gernrode also possessed canonesses, who were connected with the altars of the church of St Cyriakus in Gernrode. The canonesses of Gernrode came primarily from the geographical area between Plettenberg in modern North Rhine-Westphalia, and Löbau in eastern Saxony. Together, the nuns and canonesses of Gernrode and Frose made up the convent. The members of the convent jointly elected the abbess, in the presence of the advocate.
Like the abbesses of Quedlinburg, Gandersheim, Essen and Vreden, the abbesses of Gernrode were imperial princes, who each had their own seat at imperial assemblies.
Possessions
Gernrode was richly endowed with allodial property by its founder, Gero. It also received donations from Emperor Otto I. Other Ottonian and Salian emperors, and also Margrave Eckbert II of Meissen and Abbess Hedwig of Seeburg also made donations of property to Gernrode. A false document, purporting to be from the founder, Gero, but actually written in 1207, confirmed that Gernrode possessed 24 villages, 21 churches, and 400 hides of property, scattered in various locations.
Gernrode in the Late Middle Ages and Early Modern Period
Over time, and particularly from the thirteenth century onwards, Gernrode lost its former influence. Various factors played a role in this, including mismanagement by abbesses, the general economic situation, and particularly the politics of the archbishops of Magdeburg and the bishops of Halberstadt. Until 1381 the abbesses of Gernrode succeeded in enforcing their exemption from the bishopric of Halberstadt.
In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, members of the House of Anhalt (descended from the Askanier) tried to incorporate the abbey into their own domains. The abbesses of Gernrode tried to protect the abbey by securing confirmations of their rights from various emperors, including Sigismund, Frederick III, Charles V, Maximilian II and Rudolf II.
In connection with the Peasants War in 1525 there was an unsuccessful revolt by the serfs of Gernrode against the increased levies imposed by Abbess Elizabeth of Weida (r.1504-1532). By 1544 the possessions of the abbey consisted only of the town of Gernrode and 5 villages. By the early seventeenth century the abbey's possessions covered around two square miles.
The Reformation began during the abbacy of Elizabeth of Weida, and from 1545 Protestant worship was introduced at Gernrode. The abbey was turned into a Protestant convent. The abbess retained the status of imperial prince and continued to have a seat both at imperial assemblies and in the council of the Upper Saxon Circle.
Between 1610 and 1614, members of the House of Anhalt incorporated the remaining possessions of Gernrode into their own domains. The last abbess of Gernrode, Sophie Elisabeth, left the abbey in 1614 in order to marry. The princes of Anhalt refused to appoint a new abbess and completed the incorporation of Gernrode into their territory.
List of Abbesses of Gernrode
959 to 1300
Hathui (r.959-1014)
Adelaide I (r.1014-1044)
Hacheza (r.1044-1063)
Hedwig II (of Stade) (r.1063-1118)
Hedwig III (of Seeburg) (r.1118-1152)
unknown (1152-1205)
Richinza (r.1205-1206)
Adelaide II (r.1206-1220)
Sophia of Saxony (r.1220-1244)
Ermengarde I (r.1244-1248)
Oda (r.1248-1260?)
Gertrude I (of Anhalt) (r.1260-1275?)
Mechtild (of Braunschweig-Lüneberg) (r.1275-1297)
1300 to 1614
Ermengarde II (of Ummendorf) (r.1297-1307)
Hedwig IV (r.1307-1316)
Gertrude II (of Boventhen) (r.1316-1324)
Jutta (of Oesede) (r.1324-1334)
Gertrude III (of Everstein) (r.1334-1344)
Gertrude IV (of Hessen) (r.1344-1348)
Adelaide III (of Anhalt) (r.1348-1374)
Adelaide IV (of Walde) (r.1374-1400)
Bertradis (of Snaudit) (r.1400-1425)
Agnes (of Landsberg) (r.1425-1445/51)
Mechtild II (of Anhalt) (r.1445/51-1463)
Margarethe (of Merwitz) (r.1463-1469)
Scholastica (of Anhalt) (r.1469-1504)
Elizabeth (of Weida) (r.1504-1532)
Anna I (of Plauen) (r.1532-1548)
Anna II (of Kittlitz) (r.1548-1558)
Elizabeth II (of Gleichen) (r.1558-1564)
Elizabeth III (of Anhalt) (r.1565-1570)
Anna Maria (of Anhalt) (r.1570-1577)
Sybilla (of Anhalt) (r.1577-1581)
Agnes Hedwig (of Anhalt) (r.1581-1586)
Dorothea Maria (of Anhalt) (r.1586-1593)
Sophie Elisabeth (r.1593-1614)
Notes
References
C. Warnke, 'Das Kanonissenstift St. Cyriakus im Spannungsfeld zwischen Hochadel, Kaiser, Bischof und Papst', in I. Crusius, ed., Studien zum Kanonissenstift (Göttingen, 2001), pp. 201–274.
H. Bannasch, 'Reichsabtei Gernrode,' in G. Taddey, ed., Lexikon der deutschen Geschichte (Stuttgart, 1983), , pp. 448f.
G. Köbler, Historisches Lexikon der deutschen Länder (Munich, 1992), , p. 196.
H.K. Schulze, Das Stift Gernrode (Böhlau, Cologne, 1965).
O. von Heinemann, Die Stiftskirche zu Gernrode und ihre Wiederherstellung (Bernburg, 1865).
U. Löer: Das adlige Kanonissenstift St. Cyriakus zu Geseke (Germania Sacra Neue Folge 50: Die Bistümer der Kirchenprovinz Köln. Das Erzbistum Köln 6) (Berlin/New York, 2007).
Timothy Reuter, Germany in the Early Middle Ages 800–1056. New York: Longman, 1991.
Karl Leyser, "Henry I and the Beginnings of the Saxon Empire." The English Historical Review, Vol. 83, No. 326. (Jan. 1968), pp 1–32.
External links
Life in Medieval Gernrode (in German)
Gernrode
Monasteries in Saxony-Anhalt
Lutheran women's religious houses
Christian monasteries established in the 10th century
Roman Catholic churches in Saxony-Anhalt
Tourist attractions in Saxony-Anhalt
Buildings and structures in Harz (district)
Imperial abbeys disestablished in 1802–03
10th-century establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Religious buildings and structures completed in 959
Lundon "Da Bridge" Knighten is an American singer-songwriter from Landover, Maryland. In 2010, Knighten signed a publishing deal to L.A. Reid Music Publishing. At the time, L.A. Reid Music Publishing had an exclusive partnership deal with EMI Music Publishing. Shortly before landing the deal, she would receive her first placement, "Can't Breathe", on Leona Lewis' second studio album Echo.
In 2012, EMI Music Publishing was acquired by Sony/ATV. As a result, Knighten was signed to Sony/ATV. She has worked with artists Usher, Keyshia Cole, Chris Brown, and Teairra Mari. Knighten has also written with hit-making producers Jim Jonsin, DJ Khaled, and Harvey Mason, Jr. Knighten's work on the Usher hit single "Lemme See" earned the young songwriter the number two spot on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
In August 2013, Knighten released Da Bridge, a mixtape project where she introduces herself as a performing artist. The mixtape's title is an ode to the songwriter's industry nickname.
While remaining a working songwriter for several major artists, Knighten is also prepping for the release of her debut album.
LundonDaBridge.Net
Discography
Mixtape
DaBridge (2012)
Writing credits
List of songs written or co-written by Knighten.
References
Living people
Musicians from Maryland
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Landover, Maryland
Nelly Cormon (1877-1942) was a French actress. Primarily known for her stage work, later in her career she appeared in a number of silent films including the title role in Marion Delorme (1918).
Selected filmography
The Count of Monte Cristo (1918, serial)
Marion Delorme (1918)
Madame Récamier (1928)
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1877 births
1942 deaths
French film actresses
French stage actresses
Actors from Bourges
The 1994 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented Marshall University as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 1994 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by fifth-year head coach Jim Donnan, the Thundering Herd compiled an overall record of 12–2 with a mark of 7–1 in conference play, winning the SoCon title. Marshall advanced to the NCAA Division I-AA Championship playoffs for the fourth straight season, where they defeated Middle Tennessee in the first round and James Madison in the quarterfinals, before losing to Boise State in the semifinals. Marshall played home games at Marshall University Stadium in Huntington, West Virginia.
Regular season
Marshall went undefeated at home during the regular season and lost one game on the road to Appalachian State. Marshall's 7–1 conference record earned them the Southern Conference championship.
Postseason
By winning the Southern Conference championship, Marshall was awarded a bid in the 1994 NCAA Division I-AA playoffs. Marshall defeated Middle Tennessee State and James Madison in Huntington before falling to Boise State in Boise in the semifinal game.
During the James Madison playoff game Marshall cornerback Melvin Cunningham set a 1-AA playoff record with a 100-yard interception return for a touchdown.
Schedule
Roster
Awards and honors
William Pannell, 1st Team All-Southern Conference
Travis Colquitt. 1st Team All-Southern Conference
Shannon Morrison, 1st Team All-Southern Conference
Billy Lyon, 1st Team All-Southern Conference
Jamie Wilson, 2nd Team All-Southern Conference
David Merrick, 2nd Team All-Southern Conference
References
Marshall
Marshall Thundering Herd football seasons
Southern Conference football champion seasons
Marshall Thundering Herd football
The Remington Springboard Mile is a Listed American Thoroughbred horse race for two-year-olds over a distance of one mile on the dirt run annually in December at Remington Park located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. After peaking in 2019 with a purse of $400,000, the purse was reduced to $200,000 in 2020. As of 2021, the purse was increased back to $400,000.
Prior to 2009, the race was known as the Remington MEC Mile Stakes.
Formerly run on the last day of the racing calendar in December at Remington Park, it has since been moved to the Friday night going into the final weekend.
The event was added in 2017 as a qualification race for the Kentucky Derby and stake money had been increasing in the last few years before the COVID-19 pandemic.
Historical race notes
Jockey Cliff Berry, who retired at the end of 2015 as the winningest jockey in the history of Remington Park, won his third Springboard/Mec Mile on December 11, 2010 aboard Grant Jack. The previous day at Remington Park he had won a record setting seven races from seven mounts.
Records (2001-2019)
Speed record:
1:37.14 @ 1 mile (8 furlongs) - Greyvitos (2017)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 - Cliff Berry (2003, 2006, 2010)
Most wins by a trainer:
6 - Steve Asmussen (2002, 2004, 2005, 2014, 2018, 2019)
Winners
External link
Ted's Folly spectacular 2011 win
References
Horse races in the United States
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Sports in Oklahoma City
Bourei Cholsar District () is a district located in Takeo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 24,460.
Administration
As of 2019, Bourei Cholsar District has 5 communes, 39 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
Corbasca is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Băcioiu, Corbasca, Marvila, Pogleț, Rogoaza, Scărișoara and Vâlcele.
At the 2011 census, 64.5% of inhabitants were Romanians and 35.4% Roma.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Bonnie and Terry Turner are an American husband-and-wife team of screenwriters and producers. They are best known for creating the sitcoms 3rd Rock from the Sun and That '70s Show.
From 1986 until 1992, the team were staff writers for Saturday Night Live.
Between 1987 and 1995, they were responsible for writing or screenwriting six films, including Coneheads, Wayne's World, Wayne's World 2, Tommy Boy, and The Brady Bunch Movie.
History
Bonnie and Terry were part of a 1980s Atlanta comedy troupe whose members often appeared on the WTBS comedy TV show Tush. Bonnie and Terry also worked as feature writers for (no relation) Ted Turner's new (at that time) CNN spinoff CNN Headline News. In the mid 1980s, they produced the WTBS Sunday morning magazine show Good News with host Liz Wickersham.
Another comedy troupe member and good friend, Jan Hooks, after appearing in Pee-wee's Big Adventure, landed a spot on Saturday Night Live. Occasionally, Bonnie and Terry submitted comedy material for Jan (and via Jan) to Lorne Michaels. In 1986, Michaels convinced Bonnie and Terry to leave their lives in Atlanta and come to work in New York as full-time writers on SNL.
References
External links
1940s births
Living people
American television writers
Screenwriting duos
Married couples
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kent State University alumni
American screenwriters
Primetime Emmy Award winners
The Atlantic royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus swainsoni) is a passerine bird in the family Tityridae according to the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). It is endemic to Brazil.
Taxonomy and systematics
The IOC considers the Atlantic royal flycatcher and three other royal flycatcher taxa to be separate species and places them in the family Tityridae. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC-AOS) and the Clements taxonomy consider the four to be subspecies of the widespread royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus coronatus sensu lato). SACC-AOS places O. coronatus in family Onychorhynchidae and includes four other flycatcher species in that family. Clements places it in family Oxyruncidae and includes those four, one other flycatcher, and the sharpbill. IOC considers all of them to be in Tityridae.
The Atlantic royal flycatcher is monotypic.
Description
The Atlantic royal flycatcher is long. One specimen weighed . This large-billed flycatcher has a spectacular, but rarely seen, crest. The upper parts are mostly dull brown with a bright cinnamon rump and tail. It has a whitish throat and ochraceous buff underparts. It has an erectile fan-shaped crest that when raised is scarlet, black, and blue in the male and yellow, black, and blue in the female.
Distribution and habitat
The Atlantic royal flycatcher is found only in the Atlantic forest of southeastern Brazil, from Bahia State south to northern Santa Catarina State. It inhabits humid lowlands, both primary evergreen and second growth forests. It is a bird of the midstory.
Behavior
Feeding
All of the royal flycatchers are insectivorous.
Breeding
The Atlantic royal flycatcher's nest is long and narrow and is suspended from a branch or vine, usually above water. The clutch is two eggs; only the female incubates them and broods and feeds the nestlings. Breeding appears to be in the austral spring, because nest-building was recorded in October and eggs were laid in November. In another area, a juvenile was seen in January.
Vocalization
The Atlantic royal flycatcher is usually inconspicuous and quiet. Its song is "a descending, slowing series of plaintive whistles" and its call a repeated "keeeyup or keee-yew" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Atlantic royal flycatcher as being Vulnerable. "The species has recently been discovered at a number of new locations, however the population is estimated at 600-1,700 mature individuals and declining rapidly."
References
External links
Onychorhynchus
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1858
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Louisa. The county is named for James Lawrence, and co-founded by Isaac Bolt, who served as a Lawrence County Commissioner and Justice of the Peace.
Lawrence County is the home of bluegrass music and country music star Tyler Childers. It is the birthplace of the late Chief Justice of the United States Frederick Moore Vinson and former Kentucky Governor Paul E. Patton. In regard to alcoholic beverage sales, Lawrence County is considered a "moist" county, meaning alcohol sales are only allowed within the city limits of Louisa. There are no alcohol sales within the rest of the county. Only two stores sell liquor (to prevent a monopoly), and most convenience stores sell beer and malted beverages.
History
Lawrence County was established in 1821 from land given by Floyd and Greenup Counties. Four courthouses have served Lawrence County; the first was completed in 1823.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
The bridge from Louisa, in eastern Lawrence County, to Fort Gay, West Virginia is something of a geographic and architectural oddity. The quarter-mile concrete span across the Levisa Fork and the Tug River that come together and form the Big Sandy River, connects two states and has a right turn at its halfway point, which connects traffic to the Point Section neighborhood of Louisa.
Yatesville Lake State Park
Yatesville Lake was opened in 1992 and is a reservoir managed by the Army Corps of Engineers. Yatesville Lake provides flood control for the region as well as recreational opportunities. The Corps manages a boat ramp at the Rich Creek area.
Carter County (northwest)
Boyd County (north)
Wayne County, West Virginia (east)
Martin County (southeast)
Johnson County (south)
Morgan County (southwest)
Elliott County (west)
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 15,569 people, 5,954 households, and 4,477 families in the county. The population density was . There were 7,040 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.93% White, 0.10% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.05% from other races, and 0.56% from two or more races. 0.41%. were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 5,954 households 35.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.30% were married couples living together, 10.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.80% were non-families. 22.40% of households were one person and 10.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.02.
The age distribution was 25.30% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 28.70% from 25 to 44, 24.70% from 45 to 64, and 12.40% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median household income was $21,610 and the median family income was $26,113. Males had a median income of $30,735 versus $19,174 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,008. About 25.30% of families and 30.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.00% of those under age 18 and 27.30% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Blaine
Cherryville
Fallsburg
Kise
Louisa (county seat)
Ulysses
Lowmansville
Webbville
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Kentucky
Purgatory (Tyler Childers album)
References
Further reading
External links
Lawrence County Schools
Lawrence County Tourism Commission
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1821 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1821
Elijah Allsopp (1877 - 1958) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County. He also played for Bury.
References
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
1877 births
1958 deaths
Bury F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Derby
Amedeo Grillo (5 June 1901 – 13 July 1979) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in La Spezia. In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to Georges Rossignon.
References
External links
1901 births
1979 deaths
People from La Spezia
Light-heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Italy
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Italian male boxers
Sportspeople from the Province of La Spezia
This is a discography of the Mongolian heavy metal band Hurd.
Studio albums
The Best Collection I
The Best Collection I is Hurd's debut album. Recorded between the years of 1993-1995, and released along with The Best Collection II, it is considered to be one of the first heavy metal albums in Mongolian music history. It contains such hit songs as , and Eejdee, which are hugely popular among Mongolian music lovers, and are frequently included in the live set.
5 songs from The Best Collection I were re-arranged and played acoustically during the 1998 Unplugged concert.
Hurd released their first music video for Chono, where the band is seen playing the song near an abandoned factory. It also contains numerous battle scenes from a 1945 movie about Tsogt Taij. It is told that the band members grew quickly tired and behaved impatiently during the filming, as they were not yet familiar with the process.
Mongolian traditional music instruments were used for the recording of Bakharkhal, most notably the Morin khuur. This song is among the first in a long list of patriotic songs written by Hurd.
Track listing
Additional personnel
S.Ishkhüü - keyboards
Kh.Bayarbold - technician
A.Bayarmagnai - technician
The Best Collection II
The Best Collection II is Hurd's second studio album. It was recorded and released in conjunction with The Best Collection I, and as a result the two albums are sometimes seen together as a double album.
Compared to its counterpart, the style and lyrical theme of The Best Collection II is somewhat darker (dealing with night, darkness, fear, cemetery, ...), and the songs are rather fast paced, with Khar darsan züüd being one of the fastest songs in Hurd's repertoire.
The hugely successful Tsergiin bodol ("Soldier's Thoughts") is considered a classic and allowed the band to reach celebrity. The song was written by Dambyn Ganbold in 1978, while he was in military service, his fellow soldiers helping him up on the lyrics.
It is told that, during a performance in an all-star concert, Hurd had a 3 song setlist that included Tsergiin bodol, but under popular demand they ended up playing the song three times in a row. Other famous songs from the album include Baga nas, Zurag shig büsgüi and Nulimsaa tevch'ye.
Hurd's 1998 Unplugged acoustic concert includes no less than 8 songs from The Best Collection II.
Track listing
Additional personnel
S.Ishkhüü - keyboards
Kh.Bayarbold - technician
A.Bayarmagnai - technician
Ödör Shönö
Ödör Shönö (, "day and night") is Hurd's third studio album.
It is the only album where the band has changed its name to "Erel-Hurd", the album being the beginning of their 8-year partnership with Erel company. The name "Erel-Hurd" also appears on the compilation cassette Shildeg duu from that same era.
was written by D. Ganbold, who also authored the hugely successful from The Best Collection II. The track contains a recording from 1978 of D. Ganbold singing .
was not listed on the original release of the album, leading fans to give it the title (Өнө эртний үеэс) before the release of the Black Box boxset in 2013, where the official name of the song was finally revealed. On the original 1999 release, the track was track 4, but it was moved to the end of the album on the Black Box.
Track listing
Myangan Jild Gants
Myangan Jild Gants (, "once in a thousand years") is Hurd's fourth studio album.
In this album, besides their usual rock ballads and heavy metal songs, Hurd has made their first attempts of writing nu metal material. That can be attested by such songs as Üg sons or Gar utas, as some of the singing is rapped and there is some use of turntables. Hurd would continue the rap rock theme on their song "Sain muu", on the followup album Mongold Törsön.
Khelekh n' khegjüün is the fastest and also the shortest song in all of Hurd's catalog. Shine jil is an outtake from the Best Collection sessions and previously appeared on The Best Collection 3.
Track listing
Additional personnel
Kh.Nergüi - engineering, mixing
Kh.Bayarbold - technician
B.Batbayar - technician
B.Bat-Erdene - technician
N.Byambadorj - technician
Mongold Törsön
Mongold Törsön (, "born in Mongolia") is Hurd's fifth studio album.
According to the band's comments in the Enhanced CD section, they wanted to make a softer sounding album and try out different rock music genres. For the first time, Hurd has written songs in rock and roll style. Also notable is the collaboration with hip-hop artists Ice Top, Digital and 2 Khüü on Sain muu. Nutag min' ünertdeg features two famous Mongolian wrestling champions G. Ösökhbayar and D. Mönkh-Erdene.
The band also comments that Mongold Törsön was specially dedicated to all the mongolians living abroad. Indeed, the overarching theme of the album is family, homeland, and national pride.
In 2004, Hurd's tour supporting Mongold Törsön in Inner Mongolia was cancelled, as reportedly the Chinese authorities feared civil unrest.
The song Rock n' roll was later retitled to Namaig toogoogüi büsgüid bayar khürgeye (Намайг тоогоогүй бүсгүйд баяр хүргэе).
Track listing
Züirlekh Argagüi
Züirlekh Argagüi (, "uncomparable") is Hurd's sixth studio album.
Track listing
Additional personnel
D.Lkhagvaa - technician
N.Bondoo - technician
Khairyn Salkhi
In November 2009, the band has announced through their official website the upcoming release of their seventh studio album, Khairyn Salkhi (, "wind of love").
The album took 1 year to be finished and contains 12 songs that revolve around the theme of love. Its cover was uploaded, but only a few homemade cassette and CD-R copies of the album circulated. At least one (semi-)official silver CD pressing was done in Inner Mongolia, although it is very rare and the only copy located does not have any identifying marks on it. The album was finally given an official release in 2013 in the Black Box boxset.
The songs Nogoon shugüi and Chamaig zorino date back to at least 1998, being recorded at the concert at Top Ten nightclubs in Ulaanbaatar that was immortalised on the 1999 album Unplugged. On the initial tape copies, Nogoon shugüi was labeled as Durlaj üzsengüi.
Track listing
Narlag Divaajin
Narlag Divaajin (, "sunny paradise") is Hurd's eighth studio album, released as a double album in 2016.
Track listing
7 000 000 000
7 000 000 000 is Hurd's ninth studio album, released in 2021.
Compilation albums
The Best Collection III
The Best Collection III is an album by Hurd, composed of various B-sides and previously unreleased songs.
Ekh oron features late B.Damchaa, a famous mongolian actor. Khamag Mongol features pop singer Sarantuya and former Chingis Khaan singer D.Jargalsaikhan.
Ekh oron, Manlailan devegchiin duu and Bi Mongoltoigoo adilkhan were released as a single in 1999. Züüdend irsen eej was released in 1999 as a B-side to the Aavdaa bi khairtai/Bayangol düüregtee örgökh duu single, while Shine jil was released later in 2001 on Myangan Jild Gants.
Track listing
Live albums
Unplugged
In the fall of 1998, Hurd played a series of sold-out acoustic concerts at a now-defunct Ulan Bator nightclub, Top Ten. One of these concerts was recorded and released as Unplugged. The album features 8 songs from The Best Collection II, 5 from The Best Collection I and 3 previously unreleased songs.
Chamaig zorino is the only Hurd song written by singer D.Tömörtsog. Eejdee örgökh duu is a well known mongolian folk song.
Chamaig zorino and Nogoon shugüi were recorded in the studio a decade later for Khairyn Salkhi.
When the album was originally released, Chamaig zorino and Kharankhui were indexed as one track. When the album was reissued in the Black Box boxset in 2013, the two songs were separated.
Track listing
Additional personnel
S.Ishkhüü - vocals on Eejdee
S.Nergüi - engineering
Kh.Bayarbold - mixing
Video albums
Talarkhalyn Kontsert
Talarkhalyn Kontsert or "The Gratitude Concert" was one of Hurd's biggest outdoor shows, which took place at the Sükhbaatar Square on Naadam day. It was a free concert celebrating the band's 10th anniversary, held before a crowd of 80,000 to 100,000 people,
which is a record for Mongolia.
On June 26, 2009, the band released a DVD of this show and organized a release party at the Grand Khan pub in Ulan Bator.
Track listing
Additional personnel
D.Ganbayar - percussion, drums
Mönkh-Erdene - keyboard
Unplugged II
In December 2005, Hurd played a second acoustic concert, dubbed Unplugged II, at The Cultural Palace of Ulan Bator. In 2009, a DVD with the video footage of that concert was released.
A previous lower quality version of this DVD was released in 2006 for promotional purposes only, but had a limited distribution.
In 2012, the audio from this concert was released on iTunes.
Track listing
Additional personnel
D.Ganbayar - mandolin, melodica, percussion
Amgalan - classical guitar
Mönkh-Erdene - keyboard
Buyan-Arvijikh, D.Navaantseren - accordion
Nyamtuya, Saranchimeg, Odontsetseg - backing vocals
References
Heavy metal group discographies
Discographies of Mongolian artists
Acoustic Atlas is a repository of sound recordings from the Western United States, including sounds made by animals, ambient recordings of environments, and interviews related to the topic of natural sounds. The collection is hosted by the Montana State University Library, and it is a collaboration between the library and Yellowstone National Park. The project focuses on the collection and dissemination of natural sounds of Montana and the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, along with habitats and species from throughout the contiguous Western United States.
Purpose and scope
The Acoustic Atlas was founded in 2013 by Montana State University Library to create an audio archive to document regional ecosystems and biodiversity amid the impact of growing human populations in the Intermountain West region of the United States. The collection also includes Hawaii. The archive includes more than 3000 online audio recordings of a range of animal sounds and environmental soundscapes. Sounds in the collection are provided by recordists who are contractors, volunteers, researchers, and federal agencies such as the National Park Service. All recordings are available to the public; many sounds are available for download and in the public domain.
The mission of the Acoustic Atlas is to archive rare and under-represented recordings of species and environments and "to document natural soundscapes that are increasingly impeded by human activity and development."
Types of recordings
The Acoustic Atlas includes relatively short recordings of sounds made by wildlife; longer ambient soundscapes that capture the collective sounds of natural environments; and interviews with scientists and other experts on subjects related to natural sounds. These recordings are organized into categories based on taxonomic class, features of the environment (including water, weather, and geology), or dynamic chemical processes such as fire or photosynthesis. Human-sourced sounds are included when they occur incidentally in environmental recordings and are typically classified as anthropogenic noise.
The collected and organized recordings of animal calls, such as deer and birds, can show differences in "dialects" between populations in different regions. Some of the interviews discuss the practice of making recordings of wildlife, such as a recordist talking about holding ants in his teeth to get a recording of their sounds.
Some sounds are recorded in places of specific historic significance, such as the Trinity site at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico.
Sub-collections
The archive's sub-collections include the sounds of terrestrial vertebrate species, species and soundscapes of Yellowstone National Park, and recordings from the grassland ecosystems of Montana. Since 2017, the archive has been developing a collection of ambisonic recordings made at locations within Montana and other Western states.
The Soundscapes of Ivan Doig includes soundscape recordings and interviews from the lands and peoples featured in some of the American author's 16 novels. This sub-collection includes the Wind from Eden Podcast and The History of Weather in Doig Country.
Yellowstone National Park
In 2013, the Acoustic Atlas began collaborating with Yellowstone National Park to record and archive sounds from the park. This collaboration supports the creation of new field recordings, along with a podcast series that was jointly produced by Yellowstone National Park and the Acoustic Atlas from 2017–2019. Audio producer Jennifer Jerrett recorded many of the sounds in this collection, both natural and human. The project was partly funded by the Yellowstone Association and Yellowstone Park Foundation.
Uses
In 2018, the mapping software company Esri worked with the Acoustic Atlas to develop the ArcGIS StoryMap "Sounds of the Wild West: An audio tour of Montana's four major ecosystems." The Esri team incorporated both GIS data and sound in this platform.
Sounds from the archive have been used in the film Walking Out (2017), an exhibit at the Natural History Museum of Utah in 2019–2020, radio programs on WBUR and Montana Public Radio, and a New York Times Magazine multimedia exhibit about sounds around the world.
Many of the sounds are also available for independent producers and song composers to use.
References
External links
Yellowstone Sound Library
Environment of Montana
Montana State University
Sound archives in the United States
2013 establishments in Montana
Talan may refer to:
People
Deb Talan (born 1968), American singer-songwriter
Jeffrey Talan (born 1971), Dutch football player
Raúl Talán (1907–1992), Mexican boxer
Rick Talan (1960–2015), Dutch football player
Roman Talan (born 1988), Ukrainian pair skater
Scott Talan
Talan Skeels-Piggins (born 1970), British alpine skier
Places
Talan Island, part of the Spafaryev Islands
Talan Towers, Kazakhstan
Other
Jean-Jacques Desvaux de Saint-Maurice, baron, (26 June 1775, in Paris – 18 June 1815, near Waterloo), was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars.
Born in an aristocratic family of the Ancien Régime, Desvaux was admitted at the Artillery School of Châlons in 1792, before joining the Army of the Alps, with which he would take part to the siege of Lyon. He then served under the command of general Jacques François Dugommier in the Army of the Oriental-Pyrenees, before being named aide-de-camp to general Saint-Rémy in January 1796 and sent to Italy. He would take part to several military engagements between 1798–1799, most noteworthy at Novi and Mincio. He becomes aide-de-camp to general Auguste de Marmont and is promoted to the rank of colonel in 1803, taking part to the siege of Ulm, where he was wounded, before being captured by the enemy at the battle of Judenburg. Set free after the Treaty of Pressburg at the end of 1805, he spent the next year serving as commander of the French artillery in Dalmatia and then Friuli. In 1809, he took part to the War of the Fifth Coalition and was promoted to brigadier general; after the end of the campaign in Austria, he was given the command of the prestigious horse artillery of the Imperial Guard. A baron of the Empire from 1810, Desvaux held his command in the Guard and was a part of the Grande Armée during the Russian Campaign and then War of the Sixth Coalition. He was promoted to general of division in November 1813 and in 1814, during the Campaign of France, he was given the command of the artillery of the Army of Lyon, under Marshal Pierre Augereau. During the Hundred Days, Desvaux joined Napoleon and was given command of the entire Guard artillery. He was killed in action at the battle of Waterloo. His name is inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe, Northern Pillar.
References
Sources
Fierro, Alfredo; Palluel-Guillard, André; Tulard, Jean - "Histoire et Dictionnaire du Consulat et de l'Empire”, Éditions Robert Laffont,
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
Commanders in the French Imperial Guard
1775 births
1815 deaths
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
French military personnel killed in the Napoleonic Wars
KHMY, known as "My 93-1" is an FM radio station based in Hutchinson, Kansas, United States , broadcasting a Top 40/CHR format. Licensed to Pratt, the station serves the Hutchinson/Wichita area. It is currently owned by Eagle Communications, Inc. The station has a transmitter located south of Plevna.
History of 93.1 FM
93.1 FM officially signed on the air as KWLS-FM on Feb. 1, 1980. On April 4, 1983, the station changed its call sign to KGLS. In the 1980s it was one of the stations in the "LS Network" of Kansas radio entrepreneur Larry Steckline, whose initials appear at the end of the "KGLS" call sign (a characteristic of most of the stations in the LS Network).
On January 9, 1998, the station changed its call sign to KDGB, and adopted a classic rock format, branded as "Big Dog 93.1." The station then changed to its current call letters of "KHMY" on March 17, 2003.
Programming
On Christmas Day, 2002, at noon, the station flipped to a 1980s-heavy Hot AC format, branded as "My 93-1." The first song played was "Here Is Gone" by The Goo Goo Dolls. The station launched jockless, which lasted until July 7, 2003.
In 2007, KHMY moved away from its emphasis on 1980s music. The slogan "The Best Variety of the 80s, 90s, and Right Now" was dropped and was replaced with "Hutchinson's #1 Hit Music Station." KHMY would continue to be a Top 40 station and a staple in the Hutchinson community over the next 6+ years.
The Eagle Media Center
In April 2007, the studios of My 93-1 moved from Halstead Road on Hutchinson's east side to the new Eagle Media Center in downtown Hutchinson in a building formerly housing Commerce Bank. The Eagle Media Center would also house sister stations KHUT and KWBW.
Air staff
Daren Dunn holds down mornings on My 93-1 and is also the station's program director. Cyndee Campbell holds down middays, Rodney Baker is in afternoons and Matt Stooks does evenings.
References
External links
HMY
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1980
Tongahiti is one of Tāwhaki's enemies in a Māori tradition which White (1887-1891) attributes to the Ngati Hau iwi. In this tale, Tāwhaki blocks up all the chinks in the house of his enemies, a house of which his grandmother Whaitiri is the doorkeeper. Before sunset, the enemies - who are like small birds - flock into the house in great numbers. Tongahiti is among them. When morning comes, the enemies sleep on, because no light can enter the house. Tongahiti makes a remark about the length of the night, and suggests that Whaitiri may be deceiving them. Tāwhaki now lets the light in, and then kills all the creatures except Tongahiti, who manages to escape through a small hole he pierces through the base of one of the posts at the back of the house.
Tongahiti is called 'god of headaches' by White (1887-1891) in his English translation of the story. The reference to headaches does not appear in the Māori text. (Tongahiti is also mentioned by Tregear as 'the god of Headache', giving White I:101 as his source).
References
R. D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 288.
E. R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891, 531.
J. White, The Ancient History of the Maori, 7 Volumes (Government Printer: Wellington), 1887–1891, I, English pp. 101–102, Māori pp. 89–90.
Māori mythology
The 2012–13 season is Botev Plovdiv's 1st season in A Group after their return to the top division of the Bulgarian football league system. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club will play during the 2012–13 season.
Players
Squad stats
Appearances for competitive matches only
|-
|colspan="14"|Players sold or loaned out after the start of the season:
|}
As of 25 May 2013
Players in/out
Summer transfers
In:
Out:
Winter transfers
In:
Out:
Matches
A Group
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Bulgarian Cup
Botev won 9−1 on aggregate and qualified for the Third Round.
Slavia won 4−0 on aggregate. Botev is eliminated.
Friendlies
See also
PFC Botev Plovdiv
References
External links
Botev Official Site
Botev Fan Page with up-to-date information
Bulgarian A Professional Football Group
UEFA Profile
Botev Plovdiv seasons
Botev Plovdiv
Zemina is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abba bar Zemina, Jewish scholar of the fourth century
Paige Zemina (born 1968), American swimmer
See also
Zeina
Zemin
Grayson (2016 population: ) is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Grayson No. 184 and Census Division No. 5.
History
Grayson incorporated as a village on April 19, 1906. Grayson celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2006.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Grayson had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the Village of Grayson recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
Like many small Saskatchewan communities, Grayson was built along a railway which no longer exists. It no longer has a grain elevator, but a few unique businesses and its proximity to Melville allow it to prosper, particularly a meat plant (source of the famous 'Grayson Sausage').
Grayson also possesses a post office, modern grocery/cafe, hardware store, plumbers, tavern, elementary school, village and Rural Municipality offices, business services and computer technical services. There is also a dance hall, a seniors centre, and apartments for rent. Until 2017, when the Saskatchewan Transportation Company was discontinued, it had a bus drop-off and pickup.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Villages in Saskatchewan
Grayson No. 184, Saskatchewan
Division No. 5, Saskatchewan
Buka Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of comprising Buka Island in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, Papua New Guinea. Several Northwest Solomonic languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
02. Tsitalato
03. Hagogohe
04. Peit
05. Halia
06. Haku
07. Tonsu
80. Buka Urban
See also
Buka, Papua New Guinea
Buka Airport
Buka Island
Buka Island mosaic-tailed rat
Buka Island solomys
Buka Passage
Invasion of Buka and Bougainville
Hahalis Welfare Society
Kilu Cave
North Bougainville District
Our Lady of the Assumption Cathedral, Buka
References
Local-level governments of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville
Buka, Papua New Guinea
The 2017 Marburg Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the eighth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2017 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Marburg, Germany between 3 and 8 July 2017.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 26 June 2017.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Jaime Fermosell Delgado
Benjamin Hassan
Julian Lenz
Kai Wehnelt
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Matthias Bachinger
David Pichler
Tim Pütz
João Pedro Sorgi
Champions
Singles
Filip Krajinović def. Cedrik-Marcel Stebe 6–2, 6–3.
Doubles
Máximo González / Fabrício Neis def. Rameez Junaid / Ruan Roelofse 6–3, 7–6(7–4).
External links
Official Website
Marburg Open
2017
2017 in German tennis
Rolly View is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Leduc County. It is located approximately west of Highway 21 and east of Leduc on Highway 623 (Rolly View Road) at Range Road 324.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rolly View had a population of 71 living in 27 of its 28 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 71. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rolly View had a population of 71 living in 29 of its 30 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 89. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Religious assemblies
St. Paul's Lutheran Church (established in 1896)
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Designated places in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Leduc County
The Smithsonian Institution 150th Anniversary commemorative coins are a series of commemorative coins which were issued by the United States Mint in 1996.
Legislation
The Smithsonian Institution Sesquicentennial Commemorative Coin Act of 1995 () authorized the production of a silver dollar and a gold half eagle. Congress authorized the coins to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the founding of the Smithsonian Institution in 1846. The act allowed the coins to be struck in both proof and uncirculated finishes. The coins were released August 5, 1996.
Designs
Dollar
The obverse of the Smithsonian Institution 150th Anniversary commemorative dollar, designed by Thomas D. Rogers, features an image of the first Smithsonian Institution building (known as the "Castle"), laurel leaves, and the dual date "1846-1996". The reverse of the coin, designed by John Mercanti, features a design of an allegorical figure carrying the torch of knowledge and sitting atop the world. This figure holds a scroll inscribed with the words, "art, history, and science," and "For the increase and diffusion of knowledge."
Half eagle
The obverse of the Smithsonian Institution 150th Anniversary commemorative half eagle, designed by Alfred Maletsky, features a classical bust of James Smithson with the double date "1846-1996". The reverse of the coin, designed by T. James Ferrell, features a design of the Smithsonian's sunburst logo and the word "Smithsonian".
Specifications
Dollar
Display Box Color: Dark Blue
Edge: Reeded
Weight: 26.730 grams; 0.8594 troy ounce
Diameter: 38.10 millimeters; 1.50 inches
Composition: 90% Silver, 10% Copper
Half Eagle
Display Box Color: Dark Blue
Edge: Reeded
Weight: 8.359 grams; 0.2687 troy ounce
Diameter: 21.59 millimeters; 0.850 inch
Composition: 90% Gold, 3.6% Silver, 6.4% Copper
See also
United States commemorative coins
List of the United States commemorative coins and medals (1990s)
References
Commemorative coins of the United States
1996 in the United States
The A. B. Simpson Alliance School, Inc. (ABSAS) is a school owned by the Christian and Missionary Alliance Churches of the Philippines (CAMACOP) in Zamboanga City, Philippines. It was named after the founder of the Christian and Missionary Alliance, Albert Benjamin Simpson. The school offers a complete elementary and secondary education for boys and girls, except for preschool level.
History
The A. B. Simpson Alliance School started as a dream of the CAMACOP to establish a basic education program as a part of its ministry emphasis. In 1993 the programme was approved by CAMACOP and of property owned by CAMACOP in Zamboanga City were converted for school use. The A. B. Simpson Alliance School opened on 13 June 2000 under the management of principal Lolita V. De Sosa. During the school year 2003–2004, a computer education was introduced to the school's curriculum.
Student life
Its official student publication is The Frontliners. The Supreme Student Government (SSG) has been the student government since 2005. The SSG consists of the president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, auditor, press information officer and representatives from grade 4 to third year.
Every year, the school celebrates its one-week Foundation Day celebrating its founding since 2001. Sports festivities and other events are involved in this event.
See also
Christian and Missionary Alliance Churches of the Philippines
Albert Benjamin Simpson
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20100803052235/http://camacop.org.ph/php/ministries/dgte/report/dgtereport-03292009.php
Schools in Zamboanga City
Christian and Missionary Alliance
Siberionautilidae is a family in the nautilid superfamily Clydonautiloidea that contains only the genus Siberionautilus, which comes from the Upper Triassic (Carnian) of Siberia, Russia.
The family, and genus, are characterized by an involute, globular shell covered by fine radial ribs, with flattened flanks that converge toward a rounded venter, distinct umbilicus with rounded shoulders, differentiated suture, and central siphuncle. The suture is goniatitic with the ventral or median saddle of the Clydonautilidae, subdivided so as to have a deep finger-like median ventral lobe bracketed by finder-like secondary lobes and saddles, and on either side, a large claw-like asymmetric lateral lobe.
Like Gonionautilus, Siberionautilus is derived from the Clydonautilidae, only the genus is unspecified. As with Gonionautilus and more advanced Clydonautilidae, Siberionautilus is one of a handful of nautilids that have goniatitic sutures as found in primitive ammonoids.
References
Bernhard Kummel, 1964. Nautiloidea -Nautilida; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K. Geol Soc of America and Univ of Kansas press, R.C. Moore (ed)
Nautiloids
Patrick "Pat" Janssen (born May 12, 1987) is a Canadian curler from Pickering, Ontario. He currently plays second on Team John Epping.
Career
Youth
Janssen skipped the University of Toronto men's curling team at the 2010 CIS/CCA Curling Championships, finishing with a 4–3 record. In 2005 he won the provincial schoolboy championship playing for his high school, Sir Oliver Mowat Collegiate Institute.
Man 's
Janssen joined the Mark Kean rink in 2010, playing second on the team. In 2011, the team played in their first Grand Slam event, the January 2011 Canadian Open. The team finished the event with an 0–5 record. Also that season, the team made it to their first provincial championship, the 2011 Dominion Tankard. There, the team finished with a 6–4 record, missing the playoffs.
In the 2011–12 season, the Kean rink played in two slams, the 2011 World Cup of Curling (0-5 record) and the December 2011 Canadian Open (1-4 record). The team played in the 2012 Dominion Tankard, missing the playoffs with a 3–7 record.
In the 2012–13 season, the Team Kean had a better season on Tour, winning the 2012 KW Fall Classic and playing in four slams. They played in the 2012 Masters of Curling (0-5 record), the 2012 Canadian Open of Curling (semifinalists), the 2013 National (1-4 record) and the 2013 Players' Championship (0-4). The team did not qualify for the men's provincial championship that season.
The rink played in the 2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Pre-Trials, finishing with a 1–3 record, and not qualifying for the Olympic Trials. They then played in the 2013 Canadian Open of Curling, losing in the quarterfinals. The team disbanded mid-season, but Janssen would play in two more Slams that year, playing second for Travis Fanset at the March 2014 National going 0-5 and playing second for John Epping at the 2014 Players' Championship, losing in the quarterfinals.
The next season, Janssen remained on the Epping rink. Early on in the season, they won the 2014 Village of Taunton Mills Gord Carroll Curling Classic. They played in five slams that season, making it to the semifinals of the 2014 Masters and 2015 Players' Championship, while missing the playoffs at the November 2014 National, the 2014 Canadian Open of Curling and the 2015 Elite 10. The team played in the 2015 Ontario Tankard (men's provincials), making it to the final before losing to Janssen's former skip, Mark Kean.
In the 2015–16 season, Team Epping would play in seven Grand Slam events, winning the 2015 Meridian Canadian Open, the team's first Slam title. In the other slams, the team made lost in the finals of the 2016 Humpty's Champions Cup, made it to the semifinals of the 2015 National, the quarterfinals of the 2016 Elite 10, while the team missed the playoffs at the 2015 GSOC Tour Challenge, 2015 Masters of Curling, 2016 Players' Championship. The team also played in the 2015 Canada Cup of Curling, where they made it to the semifinal. At the 2016 Ontario Tankard, the team again made it to the finals, but lost to Team Glenn Howard in the final. That season, the team also won the 2016 US Open of Curling.
In the 2016–17 season, the Epping rink again played in all seven slams, making it to the semifinals of the 2017 Humpty's Champions Cup, the quarterfinals of the 2016 WFG Masters and the 2016 Boost National, and missed the playoffs at the 2016 GSOC Tour Challenge, 2017 Meridian Canadian Open, the 2017 Elite 10 and the 2017 Players' Championship. Elsewhere on the tour, the team won the 2016 CookstownCash presented by Comco Canada Inc. and the 2016 Challenge de Curling de Gatineau. At the 2016 Canada Cup of Curling, the team again lost in the semifinal. At the 2017 Ontario Tankard, the team lost in the semifinal against Wayne Tuck Jr.
The team played in the 2017 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, but missed the playoffs. The team would win the 2018 Ontario Tankard, the first provincial championship for the team. They represented Ontario at the 2018 Tim Hortons Brier, where Epping led them to a bronze medal, after losing in the semifinal to Alberta, skipped by Brendan Bottcher.
For the 2018–19 season, Janssen joined the team skipped by Charley Thomas as second, with Adam Casey as third and Fraser Reid as lead.
Janssen spared for Karrick Martin on Team Bottcher at the 2019 Karuizawa International where the team finished 4th. He also spared for Bottcher and represented Alberta at the 2020 Tim Hortons Brier in his home province of Kingston, Ontario where the team won a silver medal. He returned to the 2021 Brier, again as the alternate on Team Bottcher, where they finished second in their pool during round-robin play, with a 6–2 record. In the championship pool they improved their record to 9–3, earning the third seed in the playoffs where they defeated Matt Dunstone's Team Saskatchewan in the semifinals to make it to their fourth Brier finals in a row. Team Bottcher defeated four-time Brier champion Kevin Koe in the finals, with a score of 4–2, to win their first Brier championship.
Mixed doubles
In mixed doubles play, Janssen and partner Clancy Grandy played in the 2014 Canadian Mixed Doubles Curling Trials, losing in the round of 12, and at the 2015 Canadian Mixed Doubles Curling Trials, losing in the quarterfinals.
Personal life
Janssen works as an industrial engineer for Syncreon Canada. While a student at the University of Toronto, he studied industrial engineering. He is married to fellow curler Clancy Grandy.
References
External links
1987 births
Sportspeople from Scarborough, Toronto
Curlers from Toronto
Sportspeople from Clarington
Toronto Varsity Blues players
Canadian male curlers
Canadian industrial engineers
Living people
Canada Cup (curling) participants
People from Pickering, Ontario
