Bluff Island is an island of the Andaman Islands. It belongs to the North and Middle Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The island lies north from Port Blair.
Geography
The island belongs to the West Baratang Group and lies south of Spike Island. The island is separated from South Andaman to the south by narrow channel, 500 m wide. It is 30 metres high to the tops of the trees.
Administration
Politically, Bluff Island, along neighboring Baratang Islands, is part of Rangat Taluk.
Demographics
The island was previously inhabited.
In 1949, the few surviving Great Andamanese people were relocated to this island to protect them from diseases and other threats. On this island their population reached the all-time low of 19 individuals in 1961. In 1969 they were relocated to the slightly larger Strait Island.
Fauna
Bluff island and the surrounding waters are a wildlife sanctuary of India, initiated in 1987 as a nature preserve. with an area of 1.14 km2.
References
Geological Survey of India
Islands of North and Middle Andaman district
Tourist attractions in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Uninhabited islands of India
St. Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering and Technology (SVPCET) is an engineering college located at Gavsi Manapur, Wardha road, Nagpur, Maharashtra, India. It has been founded in 2004 by The Nagpur Pallottine Society. When the college started, it was affiliated to Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University (RTMNU). The University Grants Commission (UGC) conferred autonomous status on St. Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering & Technology on 7 September 2021. In 2019, it was given grade "A" by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).
References
External links
University Website
Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University
Engineering colleges in Nagpur
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in Maharashtra
Hazardous energy in occupational safety and health is any source of energy (including electrical, mechanical, thermal, chemical, hydraulic, and pneumatic sources of energy) that "can be hazardous to workers", such as from discharge of stored energy. Failure to control the unexpected release of energy can lead to machine-related injuries or fatalities. The risk from these sources of energy can be controlled in a number of ways, including access control procedures such as lockout-tagout.
References
External links
Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety, OSH Answers Fact Sheets- Hazardous Energy Control Programs
Control of Hazardous Energy - Lockout/Tagout. OSHA Publication 3120, (Revised 2002). This booklet presents OSHA's general requirements for controlling hazardous energy during service or maintenance of machines or equipment. It is not intended to replace or to supplement OSHA standards regarding the control of hazardous energy.
Health and Safety Executive, Electrical safety and you, a brief guide
Lockout/Tagout. OSHA Fact Sheet, (2002). Also available in Spanish.
National Occupational Research Agenda- Hazardous Energy Control (Lockout and other means)
Energy sources
Occupational safety and health
Zijlpoort may refer to:
Zijlpoort (Leiden)
Zijlpoort (Haarlem)
is a railway station in Kita-ku in the northern commercial center of Osaka, Japan. It is the busiest station in western Japan, serving 2,343,727 passengers daily in 2005.
Umeda Station is served by the following railways:
Hankyu Railway (Kōbe Line, Kyōto Line, Takarazuka Line) - Osaka-umeda Station
Hanshin Electric Railway (Main Line) - Osaka Umeda Station
Osaka Metro (Midōsuji Line, Station number: M16)
The freight terminal of Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) (Umeda Freight Branch of Tōkaidō Main Line), closed in 2013, was also called Umeda.
The nearby stations (JR West), (JR West Tōzai Line), (Osaka Subway Yotsubashi Line, Y11) and (Osaka Subway Tanimachi Line, T20) are within walking distance and connected by a large complex of underground malls.
Hanshin Railway
The underground Umeda terminal of Hanshin Electric Railway (officially Osaka-Umeda Station, but commonly called Hanshin Osaka-Umeda Station) is located south of Ōsaka Station, next to underground of Hanshin Department Store. The Hanshin station first opened on December 21, 1906 as a ground level station and moved to the present underground location on March 21, 1939.
Layout
There are five bay platforms and four tracks on the second basement. There are east ticket gates on the second basement and center ticket gates and west ticket gates on the first basement.
Adjacent stations of Hanshin Osaka-Umeda
Hankyu Railway
The Umeda terminal of Hankyu Railway (officially Osaka-umeda Station, but commonly called Hankyu Osaka-umeda Station) is located northeast of Ōsaka Station.
The station first opened on March 10, 1910, as a ground-level station. The original location of the station was southeast of Ōsaka Station and the Hankyu (then Minoo-Arima Electric Tramway) tracks crossed the Tōkaidō Main Line by an overpass. The station was elevated on July 5, 1926.
When Osaka Station was elevated in 1934, Hankyu's elevated tracks were forced to be removed and new Umeda Station was built to handle new ground-level tracks. The switching of tracks were carried out on June 1, 1934. This station facility was used until November 28, 1971, when the move of station to the present location was completed. This move was because of a sharp increase of transit, which forced Hankyu to operate 8-car trains. The existence of JNR tracks on the northern end of the 1934 station prevented the expansion of the station so that the station could not handle long trains.
After the opening of the current huge elevated station, spaces around and beneath the station, as well as the site of former station, were extensively redeveloped. One of the symbols of the commercial complex surrounding the station is the BIG MAN video screen above the Kinokuniya bookshop, common and necessary places to meet in this bustling railway station.
The Hankyu Department Store, built next to the station in 1929, was a pioneer of the successful business model of department stores run by urban railway companies in Japan. The store is still in business at the original location even after the move of the station (as of 2007, the reconstruction of the store building is in progress).
Station numbering was introduced to all Hankyu stations on 21 December 2013 with this station being designated as station number HK-01.
Layout
There are ten bay platforms serving nine tracks on the third floor. There are south ticket gates on the third floor and center ticket gates and on Chayamachi ticket gates on the second floor.
Adjacent stations of Hankyu Osaka-umeda
Osaka Metro
Umeda is the transferring point of three lines of the metro: the Midōsuji Line, the Tanimachi Line and the Yotsubashi Line. Among them, only the Midōsuji Line station is named Umeda, with the station number M16. The Tanimachi Line station is Higashi-Umeda (meaning "East Umeda") and the Yotsubashi Line station is Nishi-Umeda (meaning "West Umeda"). These three stations are connected with each other by underground walkways. Regular tickets of the subway, Surutto Kansai cards and IC cards are valid until the passenger gets out the ticket barrier of the station. The transfer between the three Umeda stations is an exception of this principle; the fare can be calculated as one travel as if the passengers do not exit the station provided the passengers transfer within 30 minutes.
Umeda Station on the Midōsuji Line started its operation on May 20, 1933, as a temporary station. The station was moved to the present location on October 6, 1935. Originally the station with an island platform and two tracks was built amid one tunnel, but on November 5, 1989, the station was expanded to a tunnel that existed next to the station (built for Tanimachi Line but due to change of plan remained unused for decades). The two tunnels are separated by a wall with some passages.
Layout
There is an island platform with two tracks on the second basement. There is a wall with passages in the center of the platform. On the upper level of the platform, there are north, center-north-west, center-north-east, center-south and south ticket gates.
Adjacent stations of Subway Umeda
Japan Freight Railway
Umeda Freight Terminal of Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) was a freight terminal on the Umeda Branchline (unofficial name) of the Tōkaidō Main Line owned by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). The station was built to separate freight services from Ōsaka Station and began operation on December 1, 1928. The yard of the terminal was located to the north, literally in the backyard, of the Ōsaka Station.
The freight terminal ceased to handle freight on March 16, 2013 and its function was succeeded by newly established Suita Freight Terminal and other nearby yards. The station was officially closed on March 31, 2013. The site, commonly called or , will be redeveloped.
The JR West Limited Express trains still use the freight line to transfer from the Osaka Loop Line to the JR Kyoto Line bypassing Ōsaka Station. No passenger trains have stopped at Umeda Station of JR Freight.
Surroundings
Hankyu Department Store, Hanshin Department Store (Both are owned by Hankyu Hanshin Department Stores, Inc.)
HEP Navio
Hankyu Men's
TOHO Cinemas Umeda
HEP Five
Hankyu San-Bangai
Books Kinokuniya
Hankyu Terminal Building
Hankyu 17 bangai
Hankyu Grand Building
Hankyu 32 bandai
Kitano Hankyu Building
D.D.House
Shin-Hankyu Building
Shin-Hankyu Hachi-Bangai
Hankyu Kappa Yokocho
Hankyu Kosho no Machi
Sonezaki Police Station
Asahiya Shoten
EST
South Gate Building
Daimaru Umeda
Pokémon Center Osaka
Hotel Granvia Osaka
North Gate Building
Lucua
JR Osaka Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Osaka Station City Cinema
ITOCHU
Umeda Center Building
the headquarters of Daikin Industries, Ltd.
the headquarters of NTT Data Sekisui Systems Corporation
Animate Umeda
Yodobashi Umeda (Yodobashi Camera Multimedia Umeda, Comme Ça Store, etc.)
Chayamachi Applause
Umeda Arts Theater
Hotel Hankyu International
NU Chayamachi
Chaska Chayamachi
Maruzen & Junkudo Umeda
Mainichi Broadcasting System, Inc. (MBS)
Umeda Loft
Osaka Marubiru
Umeda DT Tower
E-MA
Diamor Osaka
Whity Umeda
the Hilton Plaza East
Hilton Osaka
Junkudo Umeda
the Hilton Plaza West
Osaka Garden City
the Ritz-Carlton Osaka
Osaka Shiki Theatre
Billboard live Osaka
Shin Umeda City
Umeda Sky Building
the Westin Osaka
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
Ōsaka Station
Namba Station
Transport in Keihanshin
References
External links
Railway stations in Osaka
Osaka Metro stations
Hanshin Main Line
Hankyū Kōbe Main Line
Hankyu Kyoto Main Line
Hankyu Railway Takarazuka Line
Stations of Japan Freight Railway Company
Umeda
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1906
Richard C. Gamble is a reformed theologian and a professor. He is the Professor of Systematic Theology at Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh. He formerly served as an adjunct professor at Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary and Westminster Theological Seminary, a professor at Reformed Theological Seminary, Calvin Theological Seminary, and Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia.
He wrote the articles on Brevitas et Facilitas as the hermeneutical method of John Calvin. He is also an author, his most notable work being "The Whole Counsel Of God" Volumes 1, 2, and 3.
Education
Universitat Basel, Switzerland, Th.D.
Pittsburgh Theological Seminary, MA
Westminster College, BA
Teaching career
Professor of Systematic Theology, Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary
Professor, Reformed Theological Seminary (1997-2005)
Professor of Historical Theology and Director of the Henry Meeter Center for Calvin Studies, Calvin Theological Seminary (1987-1997)
Professor, Westminster Theological Seminary (1981-1987)
Scholar in residence, Great Lakes Gulf Presbytery, RPCNA
Guest lecturer in Church History at the Freie Evangelisch-Theologische Akademie in Riehen, Switzerland (1977-1980)
Other Career Highlights:
Ordained in the Orthodox Presbyterian Church
Senior Pastor, Teaching Elder, Associate Pastor, and church planter for churches in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Florida
President of Calvin Studies Society
Member of the Editorial Board of The Peter Martyr Library
Internationally recognized Calvin scholar; in July 2009 was a special lecturer for the Calvin500 celebration in Geneva, Switzerland
Publications:
Editor or author of more than 100 publications, including The Whole Counsel of God (his multi-volume systematic theology), Calvin's Old Testament Commentaries, A Handbook for Calvin's Institutes, and Calvin and the Church.
See also
Brevitas et facilitas
References
Myung Jun Ahn, "The influences on Calvin's hermeneutics and the development of his method", HTS Teologiese Studies / Theological Studies; Vol 55, No 1 (1999), 228-239.
Ahn Myung Jun, "The ideal of Brevitas et Facilitas: the theological hermeneutics of John Calvin", Skrif en Kerk Volume 20 Issue 2 (1999)
American Calvinist and Reformed theologians
University of Basel alumni
Pittsburgh Theological Seminary alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Westminster Theological Seminary faculty
The Squad () is a 2011 Colombian psychological thriller and the directorial debut for Jaime Osorio Marquez. The film was released in Colombia on 7 October 2011 and follows a squad of soldiers that are sent to investigate a mountain military base.
After a secret military base ceases all communications, an anti-guerrilla commando unit is sent to the mountainous location to discover what exactly happened. The squad expects to discover that the base was attacked and taken over by guerrilla units, but instead find only a lone woman (Daniela Catz) wrapped in chains.
Plot
A team of anti-guerilla commandos led by an experienced sergeant and commanded by a green lieutenant are sent to secure the approach to a mountain base amid towering radio masts. When they are in position they are told to wait for their backup which has been delayed by enemy action en route. One of the soldiers, Arango, is impatient to get into the base and after arguing with the lieutenant, makes a dash up the stairs to the base. The radio operator, Parra, tries to stop him, but steps on a mine which shatters his leg and destroys the primary radio. The sergeant insists they must now enter the base to use the medical facilities in order to save the critically injured Parra.
Inside the base the squad finds only a few bodies but bloodstains and destroyed rooms everywhere. The base radios have been destroyed, and the squad personal radios are only short range, so they cannot contact their backup. The sergeant discovers that the base supplies are untouched, indicating that this was not a guerrilla raid.
Exploring the base, their local guide (Fiquitiva, nicknamed "Indian") discovers a room filled with fetishes and prayers scrawled on the walls. He calls the others, but is mocked for his superstition. Later, he returns and discovers that the wall of the room has been recently built and something is trapped behind it. The lieutenant order the wall broken down, and they find, trapped inside, a bound woman who cannot, or will not, talk to them. Arango, whose brother was stationed on the base, tries to question her but gets nowhere. The sergeant begins beating her but is stopped by the lieutenant. The lieutenant calls for the medic and puts one of the other soldiers, Ponce, on guard with orders that no-one is to see the prisoner without permission. Ponce starts to offer the woman some food, but is dragged away by the medic, who accuses Ponce of being "just like the rest" and that he is disgusted by them all.
The squad corporal, Cortez, discovers a bundle of papers under a body and begins to read them as night falls. Ponce, guarding the prisoner, is bullied into leaving by the sergeant, who then enters the room with the prisoner. Reading the papers Cortez discovers that the woman was picked up on suspicion of being a guerilla spy and interrogated, but refused to talk. At the same time she was taken prisoner, one of the base soldiers became ill and insisted the woman had placed a curse upon him. The base soldiers became increasingly convinced the woman was a witch and eventually rioted, attempting to cut out her tongue. The log ends without explaining what happens next, only that "the captain had completely lost control of the men", at least one of whom had killed another soldier, and the final scrawled words in the log insist that they "must kill the witch".
Ponce has a flashback dream to hazy memories of an event before the start of the mission, but is suddenly awoken by shouting from his radio to return to the guard post. Inside, they discover that the sergeant has been killed and the woman has escaped. They spread out looking for her and "Indian" falls down a gully, landing in a mass grave of base soldiers. Indian confronts the lieutenant, accusing him of bringing doom on them all by releasing the "witch". An argument between Arango and Parra's best friend is interrupted when the perimeter noisemakers are tripped at one of the lookout points. The mist means that they cannot see anything, but corporal Cortez defies the lieutenant to lead the men out to attempt to kill the "guerrilla bitch".
Out in the mist, the men begin shooting at fast moving shapes that whip past them, but only succeed in shooting Arango in the crossfire, killing him. The lieutenant, furious at Arango's death and the squad for disobeying his orders, attempts to relieve Parra's friend of his weapon, but is stopped by the corporal, who accuses him of knowing about the witch from the logbook all along. The lieutenant denies knowing anything and arguing that it is Cortez's fault for leading the men out into the mist, but the men side with the corporal and tie up the lieutenant in the radio room.
Indian, who has been furiously scratching since falling in the pit, goes to the medic and demands treatment because he has caught "the plague" from the dead bodies. The medic throws him out, distraught because Parra has gangrene and is dying. Ponce tries to talk to Cortez insisting the situation has gone well beyond their control, but the corporal insists he will get all of them out safe. Indian steals gasoline from the base generator to burn the corpse pit, then strips off his clothes. Disgusted, the corporal kicks him back toward the pit then locks him out of the base.
In a last effort to save his life, the remaining team try to amputate Parra's leg, but he dies shortly after the operation. Angry, and with no reason to remain with his patient, the medic prepares to leave. The corporal refuses to let him, as whoever killed the sergeant is still out there. In a rage, the medic reveals that he killed the sergeant rather than let him rape and murder another woman, referencing the events from Ponce's flashback. In retaliation, Cortez beats the medic to death in front of the horrified Ponce. A scream from outside prompts Ponce and Parra's friend to try and rescue Indian, but Indian is trying to cut off his "contaminated" skin and stabs Parra's friend to death when found (Indian is not seen again after this). Ponce tries to persuade Cortez to leave, but the corporal is now totally insane and Ponce is forced to kill him in self-defense.
Ponce climbs slowly down the mountain, suffering flashbacks to the events before the mission - the massacre of an entire village of guerrilla sympathisers. He arrives at the point where the film started in a disconnected daze, when the "witch" appears behind him and screams.
Cast
Juan David Restrepo as Ramos
Andrés Castañeda as Sargento
Mauricio Navas as Teniente
Mateo Stevel as Parra
Daniela Catz as Mujer
Nelson Camayo as Fiquitiva
Andres Torres as Arango
Juan Pablo Barragan as Ponce
Julio César Valencia as Robledo
Alejandro Aguilar as Cortez
Reception
Critical reception for The Squad has been mixed. Geeks of Doom wrote "For some, The Squad will impress with its tense, psychological drama. For others, it will fail to deliver on its interesting premise. It's a polished, well-crafted thriller, but it just isn't all that thrilling to me. Regardless, Marquez's feature film debut signifies a promising future for the Colombian filmmaker." Bloody Disgusting panned the film overall, stating that the idea had promise and that they would look for future films by Jaime Osorio Marquez', but that the film did not live up to its full potential and that some ideas, specifically the "witch" character, could have been better utilized.
References
External links
2011 films
2011 horror films
2010s Spanish-language films
Colombian horror films
2011 directorial debut films
Penwell is an unincorporated community in Ector County, Texas, United States. It is located near Interstate 20, approximately sixteen miles southwest of Odessa. The community is part of the Odessa Metropolitan Statistical Area. Penwell, TX is home to West Texas' only 1/4 mile drag strip.
Penwell was named after a well drilled in 1929 by independent oilman Robert R. Penn.
Climate
This area has a large amount of sunshine year round due to its stable descending air and high pressure. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Penwell has a desert climate, abbreviated "Bwh" on climate maps.
References
External links
Penwell RaceWay – Caprock Motorplex
Penwell, Texas – Texas Escapes Online Magazine
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Ector County, Texas
Thomas Harte was the first of seven Irish Republican Army (IRA) members executed by Irish forces in Mountjoy Prison and Portlaoise Prison prisons between 1940 and 1944.
On 6 September 1940 IRA Capt. Tom Harte of Lurgan, County Armagh was executed. Three weeks earlier, Capt. Harte was seriously wounded and arrested during a raid of a meeting of senior IRA men in Dublin. IRA Volunteer Patrick McGrath of Dublin (who had recently escaped from police custody) was also arrested at that time. Volunteer Tom Hunt escaped from the raid but was arrested soon after - 22 August 1940. McGrath was executed with Harte (Tom Hunt had his death sentence commuted on the morning of execution and was interned in the Curragh prison camp). They had been arrested after a gun battle with Garda (police) Special Branch in which Sergeant McKeown and Detective Hyland were shot dead. Detective Brady was also wounded (16 August 1940). The topic of the meeting was reportedly planning to support "Plan Kathleen" which was a notional plan by the Nazis to invade Northern Ireland. At the time of these arrests Stephen Hayes (Irish republican) was the IRA Chief of Staff. On 30 June 1941, Northern-based IRA men kidnapped Hayes, accusing him of being a spy for the Irish Free State government. In his written confession Hayes admits to providing the address of the meeting to government officials which resulted in the capture Harte, McGrath and Hunt.
Although information is scarce on IRA planning, during this time it was conducting a bombing/sabotage campaign in England (S-Plan). Harte had been associated with the IRA's operational planning for both plans and is said to have participated in the attacks in England. In response to the IRA's bombing campaign in England, two bills giving the Government of Eire (the territory formerly known as the Irish Free State) extraordinary powers were introduced in the Dáil (in February 1939). The first of these, called the Treason Act, imposed the death penalty for persons found guilty of treason as defined in Article XXXIX of the Irish Constitution. These Acts provided the legal basis for the execution of both Harte and McGrath.
Harte was just 25 years old at the time of his arrest and execution. In 1938 Patrick McGrath was the IRA's Adjutant General, he was also a veteran of the 1916 Easter Rising and a bullet remained lodged in his chest from that time. Harte, McGrath and Hunt were tried by Military Tribunal, established under the Emergency Powers Act 1939. All three men were represented in court by Sean McBride. They challenged the legislation in the High Court, seeking a writ of habeas corpus, and ultimately appealed to the Irish Supreme Court. The appeal was unsuccessful (at that time there was no right to appeal the findings of a Military Tribunal). Harte and McGrath were executed by firing squad at Dublin's Mountjoy Prison on 6 September 1940 (22 days after the shooting). Harte's body was buried in an unmarked grave in the prison yard. In 1948 his remains were released to his family,
The North Armagh Republican Sinn Fein Cumman is named in honour of Thomas Harte. See: http://rsfnortharmagh.com/naisc-links/
References
Irish Republican Army (1922–1969) members
Irish republicans
Executed Irish people
People executed by Ireland by firing squad
1910s births
1940 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
The Chapelle Sainte Catherine is a Roman Catholic chapel located in Hombourg-Haut, in the historic region of Lorraine, France.
Built by the knight Simon of Hombourg between 1250 and 1270, it initially was a private chapel, surrounded by the buildings of the knights' castle. Its towers and walls made up the outer part of a big medieval castle.
The chapel was renovated in 1706, 1897 and 1984. It was registered as a listed building in 1895 under German authority and again in 1930 as Monument historique.
Further reading
Vion, Vincent, La chapelle Sainte Catherine et les saints auxiliaires, coll. Monographies hombourgeoises.
References
External links
Interior of the chapel
Buildings and structures completed in 1270
Roman Catholic chapels in France
Robin Barbosa is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1993 births
French motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
"The Missionary Position" is the 20th episode of the ninth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 206th episode overall. It aired on CBS in the United States on April 10, 2012. The episode is written by Allison Abner and directed by Arvin Brown, and was seen by 17.66 million viewers.
Plot
After the corpse of a Marine lieutenant falls out of the sky, Tony helps Ziva and her mentor, Monique, look for missing Navy Chaplain Wade in Colombia. Chaplain Castro, who is one of Wade's colleagues, also decides to travel with them. They theorize that Wade had been kidnapped by a local drug cartel while vaccinating villagers, and narrowly escape an ambush. Chaplain Castro reveals that part of the reason why she is helping them is because she was supposed to have performed Wade's mission. Meanwhile, Gibbs and McGee try to track down the plane that dropped the body. Ryan informs him that the vaccination mission was a covert CIA operation to obtain the DNA of cartel leaders. Tony, Ziva, and Monique manage to rescue Wade from the cartel and escape Colombia. Monique decides to stay behind, admitting that she is involved in something too serious to reveal. Jimmy Palmer chooses his best man but in a surprise twist, he chooses Abby to be his best woman much to her delight.
Production
"The Missionary Position" is written by Allison Abner and directed by Arvin Brown. This is Abner's first episode on NCIS, and was a freelance assignment. Executive producer Gary Glasberg stated "we were lucky to get her for this freelance assignment. Freelancing on any show can be difficult and this program is no exception". Abner has previously worked on shows including The West Wing and Without a Trace.
The end scene with Ziva and Monique at the military airport was filmed right outside the studio and not at an airport. "As for a secret detail of the episode, remember the military airport where Ziva and Monique say their goodbye at the end of the story? That was actually the entrance to our studio and, thanks to our extraordinary special effects and post production team, it miraculously became a working air field".
Both Brian Dietzen and Jamie Lee Curtis are recurring in this episode.
Reception
"The Missionary Position" was seen by 17.66 million live viewers following its broadcast on April 10, 2012, with a 10.9/17 share among all households, and 3.1/9 share among adults aged 18 to 49. A rating point represents one percent of the total number of television sets in American households, and a share means the percentage of television sets in use tuned to the program. In total viewers, "The Missionary Position" easily won NCIS and CBS the night, while the spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles drew third and was seen by 12.86 million viewers. Compared to the last episode "The Good Son", "The Missionary Position" was down a bit in both viewers and adults 18–49.
Steve Marsi from TV Fanatic gave the episode 4.5 (out of 5) and stated that "more questions were asked than answered, and none greater than what Dr. Samantha Ryan (Jamie Lee Curtis) knows about the mysterious Monique Lisson (Karina Lombard), whose penchant for secrecy and suspicious background were evident from the start. In that respect, Lisson is a fitting adversary for Ryan. All in all, an unconventional but solid episode with both a satisfying conclusion and plenty left unresolved".
References
2012 American television episodes
NCIS (season 9) episodes
The Edward Hamer House is a historic house located at 200 West 2nd Street in Vermont, Illinois. Businessman Edward Hamer had the house built for himself and his wife in 1871. The house has an Italianate design and is one of two Italianate homes in Vermont with a front-facing gable. Both of the house's gables are steep and feature decorative brackets along the cornice. The front entrance is topped by a decorative hood with braces and paired brackets. A three-sided bay window with matching brackets projects from the first floor next to the entrance; the house's remaining windows are tall, narrow, and topped by segmental arches.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1871
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
Calf Creek is a small community located in southern McCulloch County, Texas on Farm Road 1311 approximately southwest of Brady.
History
1870s-1902
Calf Creek has had three names and been at three locations. The first site was approximately two miles south of the present location and named Deland in honor of the original settler, Edward Elijah Deland. Deland was a farmer and also an inventor, being awarded a patent for an improved shepherd's crook in 1883. His daughter Minnie was the community's first school teacher and taught in a one-room schoolhouse which was a quarter mile north of the creek in the Deland pasture. Edward's son, Ira Deland, was the first mail carrier. The Deland Post Office operated from 1906 to 1909.
The Willhelms came from Germany in 1878, followed by the John I. Jones's, Willis Huey, Espy's and the Wheelers. Then there were the Young's, Groves, Marbys and Millers. The Jones family contributed much to build the community, and organized the first Presbyterian church. The committee chosen to give the church a name was Mabel Deland, Miss Johnny Jones and Buddy Yoas. They named it the Pecan Grove Presbyterian Church. Miss Johnny Jones was the assistant school teacher along with Minnie Deland. The Calf Creek school had one teacher and twenty-three students in 1898. Willis Huey gave land for a new school and the cemetery in 1902.
1903-1914
In 1903 the Melton Land Company put on a land site boom, selling off the Huey ranch by cutting it up into farms. This brought the Attaways, Kolbs, Whitleys, Hains, Tuckers, Stapps, Karneses and Crouches. In 1904 the Bridges, Hodges, Hazeltons, Whiteheads, Childresses, Devours and Gainers moved to the community.
In 1903 the J. W. Attaways organized the Baptist church and named it the Lone Star Baptist Church. About the same time, the Methodist church was organized with J. A. Whitley as the first pastor. The first Sunday School was organized by John L. Jones. Union literature was used with all churches banded together. This arrangement was used until 1940. Each summer, usually beginning the Friday before the first Sunday in August, a camp meeting was held on Calf Creek in the Deland place.
In 1905 the Alexander's built the first cotton gin and at one time Calf Creek had two operating cotton gins and they still could not keep up. The overflow had to be sent to nearby Brady.
In 1909 the center of the community shifted about a mile to the north and a new post office, named Tucker, was established in honor of local store owner Lum Tucker. The Tucker Post office operated from 1909 to 1915. Tucker had a cotton gin, a general store, and a blacksmith shop. Most of Tucker Texas was destroyed by a suspicious fire around 1915.
In 1914 telephones came to the community and for a while everyone had one for 75 cents a month. Mrs. W. W. Kolb operated the switchboard in her home.
1915-2005
In 1915 the community moved about a mile north to its present location and the post office changed its name to Calf Creek. The name "Calf Creek" comes from a nearby stream that originates northeast of Menard and runs to the San Saba River in northwest Mason County. The Calf Creek post office was discontinued on January 31, 1954.
Contrary to popular belief repeated in various other histories of Calf Creek, the land for the Calf Creek schoolhouse and cemetery were not donated by the Alexander family, but rather by the Huey family in 1902. The total amount of land donated by the Huey's was . It seems that slightly over of this land was dedicated to cemetery use sometime between 1902 and 1903 and the remainder of the land tract used for school grounds. It is very likely that a wood frame school building was used on this site between 1903 and 1921. The new school was built in 1921 from an $8000 bond project. The Calf Creek school was consolidated with Brady Texas Independent School District in 1949. The school building continued to be used as a church and for other community purposes for many years after the Calf Creek School was discontinued.
From about 1970 through 2004 the historic schoolhouse was increasingly vandalized and frequently used by vagrants and transients. During this period some people with strong ties to Calf Creek still hoped to bring new life to the schoolhouse, possibly repairing it for use as a community center, however, the schoolhouse was demolished in late 2004 and early 2005. An interesting side note is that, (according to the terms of the original land deed), the school property reverts to the Huey family now that the schoolhouse is gone.
References
Baker, Lindsay (1991). Ghost Towns of Texas. University of Oklahoma Press. p. 18.
Jessie Laurie Barfoot, History of McCulloch County, Texas (M.A. thesis, University of Texas, 1937).
Wayne Spiller, comp., Handbook of McCulloch County History (Vol. 1, Seagraves, Texas: Pioneer, 1976; Vol. 2, Canyon, Texas: Staked Plains Press, 1986).
''This article incorporates text, used with permission, from Calf Creek Texas History at the Calf Creek Texas website.
Geography of McCulloch County, Texas
Ghost towns in Central Texas
A sentinel outlet in occupational safety and health is a water outlet that is chosen to have its temperature monitored so that risk from Legionella can be controlled. This is typically chosen to be the closest and furthest outlets from the water tank.
References
Occupational safety and health
Legionellosis
Water supply
is a public museum that opened in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, in 1983. The collection of some 2,200 items (as of April 2017, including items on deposit) includes works by Kanō Hōgai, Kishida Ryūsei, Matsumoto Shunsuke, , , and , as well as a New Kingdom Egyptian shawabti and Late Period image of Horus in the guise of a falcon.
See also
List of Cultural Properties of Japan - paintings (Yamaguchi)
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum of Art
Shimonoseki City Archaeological Museum
Shimonoseki City Museum of History
Iwakuni Art Museum
References
External links
Shimonoseki City Art Museum
Shimonoseki
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Art museums and galleries in Japan
Museums established in 1983
1983 establishments in Japan
Casanova & Co. is a 1977 fictional period comedy film starring Tony Curtis. It had many titles during its international release. These are Casanova & Company (Italy), (Finland), (Greece), (West Germany), Sex on the Run (United States) (reissue title), Some Like It Cool (US), The Amorous Mis-Adventures of Casanova (United States) (video title), The Rise and Rise of Casanova (United Kingdom), and (France)).
The action revolves around the adventures of Giacomo Casanova with various women, and takes place during the state visit to the Republic of Venice of the Middle-Eastern entourage of a mythical Caliph of Shiraz, anomalously dominated by his sexually hungry wife, styled Calipha.
Plot
While hiding from the royal authorities, Giacomo Casanova (Tony Curtis), the famous romancer, encounters his look-alike: Giacomino, a fugitive petty con man. Meanwhile, the Caliph and his wife arrive in Venice for a state visit, and she insists on a night with the legendary lover. Through a series of erotic encounters and mistaken-identity comedies, Giacomo and Giacomino make their way back to Venice for their appointment with the Caliph's wife.
Differing edits
The initial English-language export version was prepared under the title Casanova & Company and ran 100 minutes. When released in U.S. theatres by PRO International under the titles Some Like it Cool and Sex on the Run, some trimming was performed, a brief prologue depicting the present-day Las Vegas strip of casinos with a narrator comparing the impending story's events to high-stakes gambling was added, and the credits altered to feature just the retitling and the prime star names at the beginning, with the remainder of the previous title sequence placed at the end, sandwiched between closing credit frames. This version was subsequently released on VHS by Vestron Video (under their short-lived "Wanderlust Video" sub-label), and reissued in the 90s by Monterey. When the film was reissued on DVD in 2004 as The Amorous Mis-Adventures of Casanova, the Las Vegas intro was removed, a new videoburned title was placed at the front (with a new copyright line at the bottom of the frame), and the exit music was omitted, shortening the running time further.
Cast
Tony Curtis as Giacomino/Casanova
Jean Lefebvre as The Sergeant
Marisa Berenson as The Caliph's Wife
Britt Ekland as Countess Trivulzi
Sylva Koscina as The Prefect's Wife
Hugh Griffith as The Caliph
Umberto Orsini as Count Tiretta
Marisa Mell as Duchess of Cornaro
Andréa Ferréol as The Baker's Wife
Victor Spinetti as The Prefect
Jenny Arasse as Cecilia
Jacques Herlin as Senator Dell'Acqua
Jeannie Bell as Fatme
Lillian Müller as Beata
Olivia Pascal as Angela
Katia Christine as Sardella
Critical response
In a way, the United States title of Some Like It Cool was a piquant comment on the career of star Tony Curtis, whose stardom had chilled since his 1959 appearance in Some Like It Hot. This time around, Curtis plays famed 18th-century lover Giacomo Casanova. The plot would have us believe that Casanova has suddenly turned impotent, and is deploying all manner of subterfuge to hide the fact. One of Casanova's stratagems is to hire a look-alike (also Curtis) to uphold his reputation between the sheets. The stellar supporting cast — Marisa Berenson, Hugh Griffith, Britt Ekland et al. — seem far more embarrassed by their tawdry, topless surroundings than Curtis, who steamrolls his way through the film with the same dogged determination that he'd demonstrated in his "Yonda lies the castle of my fadduh" formative years.
Video releases
DVD release 5 October 2004
See also
Casanova's Big Night (1954)
References
External links
1977 comedy films
1977 films
Austrian comedy films
Italian comedy films
French comedy films
Films set in Venice
Films shot in Italy
Films about Giacomo Casanova
Films set in the 18th century
Cultural depictions of Giacomo Casanova
Films directed by Franz Antel
English-language French films
English-language Italian films
1970s Italian films
1970s French films
Scott Woodward is currently the athletics director at Louisiana State University (LSU). Woodward was previously Director of Athletics at the University of Washington from 2008 to 2016 and at Texas A&M University from 2016 to 2019.
Early life, education and career
Woodward is from Baton Rouge, Louisiana and is a 1981 alumnus of Catholic High School in Baton Rouge. He attended college at Louisiana State University earning a bachelor's degree in political science in 1985. After graduating from LSU, Woodward was a co-owner of a government and public relations firm in Baton Rouge that provided strategic policy direction to Fortune 500 corporations.
In 2000, Woodward was hired by LSU Chancellor Mark Emmert to serve as the Director of External Affairs at Louisiana State University. The position entailed being a liaison between LSU and government and corporate officials and acting as an advisor to Chancellor Emmert on policy and government appropriations. At LSU, Woodward also served as the Chancellor's Representative to the Athletic Department. He held these positions at LSU until leaving for the University of Washington in 2004. Woodward was hired by the new President of the University of Washington, Mark Emmert, for the position of Vice President of External Affairs. He served in this role until 2008.
Athletic director career
Washington
In January 2008, Woodward was named the full-time Director of Athletics at the University of Washington. He had been both acting Director of Athletics and Vice President of External Affairs since the previous Director of Athletics, Todd Turner, resigned in December 2007.
In Woodward's first year at Washington, the athletic department budget faced a $2.8 million shortfall causing the elimination of both men's and women's swimming programs. Also during his first year, the football team went 0–12 and Woodward fired head coach Tyrone Willingham in October 2008.
Woodward's tenure with Washington will be noted for hiring head football coach Steve Sarkisian and later luring Chris Petersen from Boise State along with a $282 million reconstruction of Husky Stadium that was completed in 2013. Washington's athletic budget stabilized during his tenure with revenues boosted in part by the Pac-12 Conference's television-rights deals and by naming-rights deals the athletic department signed with Alaska Airlines. In addition, contributions to the athletic department more than doubled, from about $12.6 million in 2008 to $26.6 million by 2013.
During Woodward's tenure at Washington, the Huskies won seven national championships in the sports of men's and women's crew, women's cross-country and softball.
Texas A&M
In January 2016, Woodward was named Director of Athletics at Texas A&M. During his tenure, Woodward helped build the profile of Texas A&M. He hired two high-profile coaches in Jimbo Fisher from Florida State to be the Aggies' football coach in December 2017 and he hired Buzz Williams from Virginia Tech to be Texas A&M's new men's basketball coach on April 3, 2019. In addition, a new track and field stadium and softball stadium were built.
During Woodward's tenure at Texas A&M, every sports team participated in postseason play. The Aggies won nine SEC titles including baseball, men's basketball, soccer, women's swimming and diving (three times), men's tennis (twice) and men's outdoor track and field.
LSU
On April 18, 2019, LSU alumnus Woodward was named LSU athletics director, replacing Joe Alleva. In 2021, he hired former Baylor head women's basketball coach Kim Mulkey. He then hired the up and comer coach Jay Johnson from Arizona to coach the Tiger baseball team. Following the departure of Ed Orgeron as head football coach, Woodward led the search that led to the record-breaking hiring of Brian Kelly from the University of Notre Dame after the 2021 season.
Personal life
Woodward is married to Nanette Dicharry and has two sons, Michael and Josh Evans.
References
External links
LSU bio
Living people
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers athletic directors
Texas A&M Aggies athletic directors
Washington Huskies athletic directors
Louisiana State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Muhammad Masroor (born August 6, 1975) is a former Pakistani domestic cricketer and a Level 3 qualified coach. Before taking up coaching as his full time job with PCB in 2012, he played first class cricket in Pakistan for thirteen years and league cricket in England for nine years.
Playing career
Masroor played in 55 first class games in his career from 1995 to 2008. He scored 2418 runs at an average of 28.11 with 14 50s and 3 hundreds. Masroor also occasionally bowled, taking 5 wickets at an average of 35.60 and an economy rate of 2.96 with his best figures being 3/14.
Masroor played league cricket for Alder Cricket Club in England for eight years. His name was included in the club's Hall of Fame for getting nine wickets for 47 runs in a one day game. He also played in the Dhaka Premier League for Brothers Union Club from 2001 untill 2003.
Coaching career
After retiring from cricket, Masroor took up coaching. In 2011 he was appointed as the Head Coach of Karachi Dolphins in RBS T20 Tournament where his team finished as runners-up. In 2015 he was appointed as assistant coach of Pakistan Under 16 tour to Australia where his team won against Australia. He won the Tri Nation Series in 2016 as the Head Coach of Pakistan Under 19. He holds the titles of the National Under 16 championships for four consecutive years. He coached the Sindh under-19 team to the National under-19 three-day and one-day titles. He also coached the Pakistan Under 19's in the 2016 Under-19 World Cup where they finished 5th. He was the assistant coach in Emerging Asia Cup in 2018. He was the Head coach of Pakistan Under 16 Tour to Australia in 2018. He has been the fielding coach of Karachi Kings in Pakistan Super League from 2017 till 2020. After this he then became the Assistant coach of Northern cricket team. In 2021 after Mohammad Wasim left his role as Northern Head Coach, Masroor was appointed interim head coach of Northern for the 2020-21 Pakistan Cup. Ahead of the 21-22 season Masroor moved to Sindh where he is their current assistant coach.
References
External links
Muhammad Masroor at Pakistan Cricket (data provided by Cricket Archive)
1975 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
Pakistani cricket coaches
People from Karachi
Sui Southern Gas Company cricketers
Karachi cricketers
Pakistan Customs cricketers
Higher school (旧制高等学校, Kyūsei Kōtō Gakkō) was an institution of higher education in Japan, which was a preparatory institution for imperial universities and national medical colleges until the educational reform in occupied Japan. The higher schools have now been converted or mergerd into universities.
List
3-year Schools
Number Schools
Name Schools
Postwar Special Higher School
7-year Schools
See also
Imperial Universities (帝国大学)
Daigaku Yoka (大学予科)
Specialized School (Japan) (旧制専門学校)
References
External links
JAPAN'S MODERN EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM - Government official articles by MEXT, Japan
Boys' schools in Japan
Widevine is a proprietary digital rights management (DRM) technology from Google used by the Chromium and Firefox web browsers (including some derivatives), Android MediaDRM, Android TV, and other consumer electronics devices. Widevine technology supports various encryption schemes and hardware security to restrict consumer access to distributed video content according to rules defined by content owners. Widevine mainly provides a Content Decryption Module (CDM) as a client to Google Chrome and other browsers and devices. Widevine is free to use by content providers and as such does not charge any fees for license generation or device integration.
Security levels
The three Widevine security levels are:
L1― No resolution or HDR restriction; highest level of protection. Both cryptography and media processing operations occur in a trusted execution environment (TEE).
L2― Only cryptography operations are executed in a TEE, not media processing.
L3― Software-based DRM only.
Usage
Widevine DRM is used with the Chromium-based web browsers and on Android. It supports MPEG-DASH and HLS. Google Chrome and Chrome OS make use of Encrypted Media Extensions and Media Source Extensions with Widevine, where it is used
to decrypt content. Over thirty chipsets, six major desktop and mobile operating systems, and Google properties such as Chromecast and Android TV have adopted Widevine.
Companies including Amazon Prime Video, BBC, Hulu, Netflix, Spotify and Disney+ use Widevine DRM to manage the distribution of premium content.
It is also used by Firefox since v47, released in 2016, enabled by default on Microsoft Windows and optionally on Linux; it can be disabled and uninstalled in the browser settings. Prior to that, Mozilla used Adobe's Primetime DRM library for some versions.
Circumvention
Widevine L3 has been circumvented on at least two occasions and researchers have argued that it is inherently insecure. As with all digital video content, Widevine can be circumvented through an analog hole.
Users
Open-source projects
Shaka Player – Google-developed open-source HTML5 web-based player available on GitHub.
Shaka Packager – Google-developed open-source content packaging solution available on GitHub. The packager supports MPEG-DASH and HLS for VOD or linear based content.
Shaka Streamer – Google-developed simple configuration-file-based tool for preparing streaming media content.
Electron software framework – Widevine partnered with castLabs to integrate the Widevine client into the Electron framework for use with desktop application development. The integration, however, still requires anyone who wants to distribute/use it in their application to sign a license agreement with Google.
Kodi – starting from version 18, the add-on InputStream Helper installs Widevine automatically on supported platforms for DRM playback.
Criticism
In 2019, a developer tried to bundle Widevine in an Electron/Chromium-based application for video playing and did not get any response from Google after asking for a license agreement, effectively blocking DRM usage in the project. He later got the reply:
The same happened to other Electron projects.
History
Widevine Technologies was a vendor of digital rights management software. One of its early technologies included a software system that replaced smart cards that eliminated the cost and logistical complexity of the card's distribution and introduced the abilities to process more sophisticated rights. It was purchased by Google in 2010.
References
External links
Defunct software companies of the United States
Digital rights management systems
Google software
2010 mergers and acquisitions
The Big Valley is an American Western drama television series created by A.I. Bezzerides and Louis F. Edelman for ABC. The series is set on the fictional Barkley Ranch in Stockton, California, from 1876-1878. The one-hour episodes follow the lives of the Barkley family, one of the wealthiest and largest ranch-owning families in Stockton. It premiered on September 15, 1965 and ended on May 19, 1969, with a total of 112 episodes over the course of 4 seasons.
Series overview
The series began with 1-hour episodes Wednesday nights, 9:00–10:00 on ABC. From Season 2 onward, it moved to Monday night, 10:00–11:00.
Episodes
Season 1 (1965–66)
Season 2 (1966–67)
Season 3 (1967–68)
Season 4 (1968–69)
References
External links
Season 1 episodes at tvguide.com
Season 2 episodes at tvguide.com
Season 3 episodes at tvguide.com
Season 4 episodes at tvguide.com
Lists of American Western (genre) television series episodes
Frederiksberg Allé is a tree-lined avenue which runs through the southernmost part of the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark. It connects Vesterbrogade at Værnedamsvej to Frederiksberg Runddel in front of the main entrance to Frederiksberg Gardens. It was originally constructed in 1704 as the king's private road leading to his new summer residence, Frederiksberg Palace. It developed into the backbone of an entertainment district in the mid 18th century, and has continued to be associated with theatres until the present day. The avenue is lined with two double rows of linden trees and bisects Sankt Thomas Plads, a small round plaza, shortly after its departure from Vesterbrogade.
History
The king's private road
The crown took over the area at the far end of Frederiksberg Allé after Ny Hollænderby, a settlement of Dutch farmers which had been located at the site, had burned down in 1697, and a new summer residence for Frederick IV was built on a local hilltop between 1699 and 1703. Completed the following year, with inspiration from France, Frederiksberg Allé was established to provide the king a private road, a Route de Roi, between the main road out of Copenhagen's Western City Gate and his new palace with its extensive adjoining gardens. The new avenue was known as the king's new road as opposed to the king's old road Gammel Kongevej.
Country houses and villas
A number of country houses for wealthy Copenhageners were built along the north site of the avenue in the years after 1780, such as Sommerro, Vennersly, Sans Souci and Alléenberg. In 1785 King Christian VII installed a large iron gate at the site where the avenue diverged from Vesterbrogade. Apart from the king only the new landowners were given a key.
Frederiksberg Allé was finally opened to private traffic in 1833. The iron gate was dismantled in 1862 and later installed at Søndermarken's entrance on the corner of Pile Allé and Roskildevej. The south side of the street had long remained more open but in the years after 1850 it was built over with private villas.
An entertainment area
The area outside Frederiksberg Palace gardens had thrived as a fashionable destination for excursions ever since the construction of the palace in the first decade of the 18th century. When Frederiksberg Allé, as well as the palace gardens were opened to the public, and Copenhagen's fortifications were decommissioned, allowing for more robust constructions outside the city, numerous pleasure gardens and entertainment establishments sprung up along the street. One of the most popular places was Sommerlyst, a large pleasure garden which opened in 1834 at the end of Frederiksberg Allé. It had pavilions, flower beds, a merry-go-round, ferris wheels and a bandstand.
Further down the street. Georg Carstensen, after leaving Tivoli Gardens which he had founded in 1843, opened a large entertainment complex in Moorish style named Alhambra in 1857. It contained the largest concert hall in Copenhagen which seated 2,000. It was never a success and the buildings were torn down in 1870. Another concert hall, Odeon, which opened the same year as Alhambra, was converted into the Frederiksberg Entertainment Theatre in 1869. Sommerlyst's old main building was torn down in 1855 and replaced with a larger one which contained a theatre and concert space. It was designed by H. C. Stilling who had also worked for Tivoli and Alhambra.
Other popular venues were Valhalla, Schweizer Pavillon, Sankt Thomas and Rosenfryd. They all combined dining with female singers and various other forms of entertainment. Located in one of the former country houses, Sankt Thomas had an anatomic museum and waxworks in a lateral wing, and in 1897 added sports to the palette of entertainment when Magnus Bech-Olsen became a world champion in wrestling by defeating the Turkish Sultan's court wrestler.
20th century
At the turn of the century, time ran out for the pleasure gardens and Frederiksberg Allé started to change character. The country houses and villas were pulled down and replaced with denser developments, mostly apartment buildings, although theatres continued to characterize the area. The Fønix Theatre opened in 1919. Frederiksberg Entertainment Theatre was, after for a while serving as a cinema, from 1917 to 1943 owned by the actress Betty Nansen and is now named the Betty Nansen Theatre after her. The ABC Theatre opened at No. 80 in 1949 and developed into one of the most important venues for revues in the 1950s and 1960s under the leadership of Stig Lommer.
In 1924 a Roman Catholic girls school, the Institut Jeanne d'Arc, was built at No. 74. During Second World War when Denmark was occupied by Nazi Germany, the school was accidentally bombed on 21 March 1945 in Operation Carthage, a British air raid which targeted the Gestapo headquarters in the Shell House in the city centre, killing 86 school children.
Buildings
No. 23, on the corner with Kingosgade, is known as Little Rosenborg due to its Neo-Renaissance style with two small towers and rich decorations, although its resemblance to Christian IV's Rosenborg Castle can hardly be described as striking. It was designed by Johan Daniel Herholdt´in collaboration with Christian V. Nielsen and completed in 1857.
No. 104, on the corner of Allégade, was completed in 1871 to designs by Johan Schrøder and was listed in 1978.
Frederiksberg Allé today
One of the most modern addresses in Frederiksberg, and in Copenhagen, Frederiksberg Allé is today known for its upmarket boutiques and cafés. Remaining theatres on the avenues are Betty Nansen Theatre at No. 57, the former Frederiksberg Theatre which is now named after its former director and Aveny-T, at No. 102, based in Sommerlyst's old main building from 1855.
See also
Lorry, Frederiksberg
References
External links
PDF about the heritage listing of the street
Fredninger
Egenartsanalyse Frederiksberg Allé by SLA
Streets in Frederiksberg
The Robert Chesley Award was an annual literary award, presented by Publishing Triangle to honour drama works by playwrights in the LGBT community. First presented in 1994, the award was named in memory of playwright Robert Chesley. The award was discontinued in 2008.
Winners
1994 — Lisa Kron, Doric Wilson
1995 — Victor Lodato
1996 — Robert Patrick, Susan Miller
1997 — Paula Vogel
1998 — Chay Yew
1999 — Madeleine Olnek
2000 — Jeff Weiss
2001 — María Irene Fornés
2002 — Christopher Shinn, Sheila Callaghan
2003 — H.M. Koutoukas, Alvin Carmines Jr.
2004 — Rebecca Ranson, Jane Shepard
2005 — Michael Kearns, Jorge Ignacio Cortiñas
2006 — Kathleen Warnock, Megan Terry
2007 — Eric Bentley, Chris Weikel
References
External links
Triangle Awards
Dramatist and playwright awards
Awards established in 2006
Awards disestablished in 2008
1994 establishments in the United States
2008 disestablishments in the United States
The Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited, commonly shortened to Bowater Mersey, is a forestry company operating in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
From 1929 until June 2012 Bowater Mersey operated a thermomechanical pulp (TMP) mill and associated paper mill producing newsprint located in Brooklyn, Nova Scotia. Annual production in 2011 was approximately of newsprint.
Since December 10, 2012 the company has been owned by the Government of Nova Scotia, which is in the process of decommissioning the TMP mill site.
History
The company was founded in 1929 as the Mersey Paper Company Limited by Nova Scotia industrialist Izaak Walton Killam. That year the Mersey Paper Company Ltd opened a pulp mill in Brooklyn on the northern shore of Liverpool Bay, in the estuary of the Mersey River. The mill had its own shipping and receiving pier to accommodate ocean freighters. To power the mill, the company dammed the Mersey approximately upstream at Indian Gardens, in the process creating a reservoir named Lake Rossignol.
In 1956 the estate of Izaak Walton Killam sold the company to Bowater which renamed the company Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited in 1959. At the same time, Killam's estate sold the Mersey River generating stations to the then-provincial Crown corporation Nova Scotia Power.
In 1963 the Washington Post Company purchased 49 percent of the common stock of Bowater Mersey Paper Company Ltd., with Bowater retaining the controlling 51 percent ownership.
Changes to the corporate structure and ownership of parent company Bowater saw that company's name evolve to become AbitibiBowater Inc in 2007 and Resolute Forest Products in November 2011.
In October 2011 it was announced by parent company Resolute Forest Products that the Bowater Mersey Paper Company Limited was facing unprecedented production costs and that its operations would be re-evaluated later that fall. The parent company demanded concessions from the union, which were granted in a narrow vote in November 2011. Nova Scotia Power also committed to offer concessions in the form of discounted power rates and other incentives.
On June 15, 2012 the parent company Resolute Forest Products announced that the mill would be idling its Bowater Mersey Paper Company Ltd. mill indefinitely, effective with the end of the last shift on June 16. Resolute Forest Products also indicated that it would be selling its assets in Nova Scotia, including the idled mill, its timber lands, and the Brooklyn Power Corporation.
On December 10, 2012 it was announced that the Government of Nova Scotia had purchased all shares in the Bowater Mersey Paper Company Ltd. for $1.00 CAD from owners Resolute Forest Products Inc. and The Washington Post Company. This deal saw the provincial government acquire all Bowater Mersey assets and liabilities, except for a sawmill in Oakhill, Lunenburg County. The assets of Bowater Mersey transferred to the provincial government include of forest land, the pulp mill and paper mill in Brooklyn, a deep water marine terminal at Brooklyn, and the Brooklyn Power Corporation biomass electrical generating plant. Liabilities include a $20 million debt to Resolute Forest Products Inc., a $120 million pension liability for workers in the woodland and pulp mill operations, and environmental liabilities for the pulp mill site. The provincial government announced that it had reached a simultaneous agreement with Nova Scotia Power Corporation to sell Brooklyn Power Corporation for $25 million. On December 11, 2012 the provincial government announced that the TMP mill in Brooklyn would be decommissioned and the site become the site of a forest industry research facility with a focus on biomass energy.
Shipping fleet
The year after the mill began production in 1929, Mersey Paper Company Ltd founded Mersey Shipping Company Limited in 1930 which was renamed to Markland Shipping Company Limited in 1937 and Bowater Steamship Company of Canada Limited in 1959. Its ships carried pulp wood and paper products for the Brooklyn mill and other shippers.
References
Companies based in Nova Scotia
Region of Queens Municipality
Pulp and paper companies of Canada
Nova Scotia government departments and agencies
Chemical companies established in 1929
1929 establishments in Nova Scotia
Canadian companies disestablished in 2012
2012 disestablishments in Nova Scotia
Defunct pulp and paper companies
Canadian companies established in 1929
Castelluccio Superiore (Castelluccese: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Barnes Wallis Moth Machine was a modified microlight aircraft designed for collecting moths and other flying insects over rainforest canopies. The core machine was a Pegasus Q microlight aircraft. Modifications for moth catching were designed by Charles Cockell and implemented by a team of engineers at Enstone Airfield, UK.
The machine was tested flown in Oxford by Charles Cockell and then flown over the rainforest canopy in Sumatra, Indonesia in 1993 by Cockell in an effort to catch moths to catalog the diversity of moths in the rainforest as part of a biodiversity study of the Kerinci Seblat National Park. The machine had several modifications for moth catching: 1) Ultraviolet lights under the front of the aircraft for attracting moths during systematic sweeps of the forest, 2) A moth catching device consisting of an inverted funnel with a pleated butterfly net at the end for trapping moths scooped during flight, 3) A forward facing one million candlepower lamps to avoid trees whilst flying during dusk, 4) Two one million candlepower lamps pointing downwards at an angle to estimate height above the forest canopy, using a similar principle to that adopted for night flying during the 617 Squadron Dams raids in World War 2 and developed by Barnes Wallis (for whom the machine was named), 5) Infra-red night vision system for improving visibility during night time moth catching, provided by 617 Squadrons and worn by the entomologist pilot.
The Patrons of the expedition were Susannah York, David Bellamy and 617 Squadrons. Corporate Patrons were Barbour, British Petroleum, Pilkington and Containerway Ltd.
The machine was flown for several moth catching sorties over the rainforest, north of the Sumatran town of Bengkulu during July 1993. Moths were also caught using UV lamps on the ground.
During the expedition, whilst attempting to land the moth machine in a rainforest clearing, it clipped the top of a tree and crashed, destroying the machine, although Cockell escaped uninjured.
References
Individual aircraft
Coccothrinax munizii is a species of palm tree that is endemic to eastern Cuba. Like other members of the genus Coccothrinax, C. munizii is a fan palm. It grows on rocky hills or in dry scrub forest on limestone.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. munizii to be a synonym of Coccothrinax ekmanii.
References
External links
munizii
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1972
Aisha Mohammed (born 21 October 1985) is a Nigerian basketball player for Bursas BSB and the Nigerian national team.
Early life and education
Aisha was born in Ikeja, Lagos cantonment to a northern father. Her mother was from Edo state. She grew up in the military barracks. She left with her family at 8years when her father was transferred to Keffi. From there, they moved again to Birnin Kebbi and then to Port Harcourt. Her dad was an Imam. Aisha stands tall at 193cm / 6'4".
Career
Aisha is a member of the 'Elephant Girls' Basketball Team. The team won over the FAP side 69-66 in the semi-finals which earned them a place at the Maxaquene Stadium. She strikes 23 points and got the seven rebounds that enabled the 'Elephant Girls' to win the game.
Aisha played at the FIBA Women's World Cup in Brasil, 2006, and also in Spain 2019, she helped them qualify to the Quarter-Finals. That was the very first time for an African side to qualify to the quarter-final FIBA Women's World Cup in history. Aisha helped the Nigeria women's national basketball team to the 2004 Summer Olympics. At the Olympics Athen 2004, she was the third best scorer and rebounder in the team with double double, however Nigeria finished 11th out of 12 teams. They became the first African team to ever win a game at the Olympics. And also she Participated in Tokyo 2020 Olympics in July 2021. Aisha played at the First Bank side. In 2019 after the FIBA Women's Afrobasket, Aisha announced that she would not play at the biennial championship again. She stopped playing basketball after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics as she said she needed to raise a family where her children will take over with playing basketball.
Achievements
FIBA Women's AfroBasket 2017
four titles winner with the African Champions: 2003, 2005, 2017 and 2019
D'Tigress captain
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lagos
Nigerian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Nigeria
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
African Games bronze medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in basketball
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
Virginia Cavaliers women's basketball players
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Competitors at the 2003 All-Africa Games
Forwards (basketball)
The Way of Peace is a New Thought book written by James Allen. Although Allen is more widely known for his As a Man Thinketh, it is the lesser known The Way of Peace (1907) which reflects more accurately his New Thought Movement affiliations, referencing as it does Christianity, Buddhism and Hinduism.
The book is essentially a treatise on the importance of meditation as a 'pathway to divinity'. Whatever we meditate upon, Allen explains, we become. If you meditate upon ' that which is selfish and debasing, you will ultimately become selfish and debased'. Whereas if you meditate upon ' that which is pure and unselfish you will surely become pure and unselfish'.
It is now in the public domain within the United States and most other countries. It has been released as a Project Gutenberg eText edition.
The book consists of seven chapters: The Power Of Meditation; The Two Masters, Self And Truth; The Acquirement of Spiritual Power; The Realisation of Selfless Love; Entering into the Infinite; Saints, Sages, And Saviors, The Law Of Service; and The Realisation of Perfect Peace. The first chapter also contains a poem, Star of Wisdom, which captures the essence of the book.
External links
The self-help classic, The Way of Peace, in a professionally produced ebook format
Philosophy books
1907 non-fiction books
New Thought literature
The Battle of Jelgava was an operation of the Latvian Army from 15 to 21 November 1919 during the Latvian War of Independence. The Latvian Army forced the units of the Western Russian Volunteer army subordinated to the Weimar Republic to leave Jelgava. Because of this attack, the German Government's intention to start ceasefire talks and reach agreement on the further political status of Courland and Zemgale with Latvian Provisional Government failed.
The main battle took place in Ozolnieki district.
References
1919 in Latvia
Jelgava, Battle of
Jelgava (1919), Battle of
Jelgava (1919), Battle of
Jelgava (1919), Battle of
Independence of Latvia
Niels Aall (1 December 1769 – 23 October 1854) was a Norwegian estate owner, businessman and politician.
Family
Niels Aall was the son of lumber merchant Nicolai Benjamin Aall (1739–98) from Porsgrunn and his wife Amjørg Jørgensdatter Wesseltoft (1741-1815). He was the brother of Jacob and Jørgen Aall. Aall was married twice, first from 1794 to Mariane Møller until her death in 1796, then from 1804 to Christine Johanne Blom until his own death in 1854.
Biography
After education in France and England, Aall settled as a merchant in Porsgunn. From 1810 he was the county clerk in Skien and Porsgrunn, before being appointed to Christian Frederik's government, where he was minister of trade and customs. He was one of the two Norwegian negotiators, alongside Jonas Collett during the Convention of Moss where the Swedish king and the Norwegian government signed a ceasefire agreement following the short war between the two countries. Niels Aall was one of Norway's leading politicians in 1814.
Ulefos Manor
Ulefos Manor (Ulefos Hovedgaard) was built by Niels Aall at the Næs Ironworks in Tvedestrand as the summer residence for his family. The house was completed in 1807 after a construction period of approximately 5 years. The architect was Christian Ancher Collett in collaboration with Jørgen Henrik Rawert (1751-1823). Ulefos Manor is an Empire-style manor house built of slag stones which were taken from Ulefos Jærnverk. Niels Aall later developed financial problems and in 1840 Ulefos Manor was sold at public auction. His son chamberlain Hans Aall (1805-1863) bought the manor and estates with funds inherited by his wife, Marianne Didrikke von Cappelen (1804-1867), daughter of Diderik von Cappelen who died in 1828. Their descendants still own the surrounding forest properties, while the manor was turned over to a foundation. Today Ulefos Manor is a museum.
References
1769 births
1854 deaths
Ministers of Trade and Shipping of Norway
Order of the Polar Star
People from Porsgrunn
Members of the Storting
Niels
Carl Verheyen is an American musician best known for being the guitarist of Supertramp, the leader of the Carl Verheyen Band, and as a Los Angeles session guitarist. He was ranked One of the World's Top 10 Guitarists by Guitar Magazine and won the LA Music Awards category of Best Guitarist at their 6th annual awards ceremony. He has recorded with such artists as The Bee Gees, Dolly Parton, Victor Feldman, Richard Elliot, and Stanley Clarke and has played guitar on film soundtracks including The Crow, The Usual Suspects, Ratatouille, and Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, and TV shows Cheers, Seinfeld, and Scrubs.
He has been an adjunct instructor of studio jazz guitar for the USC Thornton School of Music and makes frequent instructional performances at the Musicians Institute (MI) in Hollywood, California, Guitar Institute of Technology and has authored instructional books including Improvising Without Scales, as well as Studio City, a collection of articles written for the magazine Guitar for the Practicing Musician
Career
Supertramp
In 1985, Verheyen was hired as a session guitarist on a recording project at Wildcat Studios in Los Angeles. He exchanged phone numbers with the recording engineer who passed along his contact information to Supertramp's management after learning that the band was currently auditioning guitarists. Verheyen auditioned for the band the next day and was hired as a sideman and toured with the band on their 1985–1986 world tour, Brother Where You Bound.
In 1996, Rick Davies re-formed Supertramp adding Verheyen as a formal band member along with three other new members bringing the band up to an eight-man line-up. The result of this reunion was Some Things Never Change, a new studio album released in March 1997 that echoed the earlier Supertramp sound and reached number 74 in the UK In the summer of 1997, Supertramp returned to the road, resulting in the live It Was the Best of Times (1999).
After a three-year hiatus, Verheyen performed on the band's 2002 new studio album entitled Slow Motion, as well as performing on the 2002 world tour entitled, One More for the Road Tour.
He performed in 35 concerts with the band in late 2010 and 2011 in Europe. The tour was titled 70–10 (1970 to 2010) to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the group's first release.
The Carl Verheyen Band
In 1987 the Carl Verheyen Band was founded although the first release titled No Border was released under the name Carl Verheyen Group on CMG Records.
1990s
The follow-up album, 1994's Garage Sale, was initially released on Legato Records along with an expanded version of No Borders called No Borders Plus. By 1996 the CVB had moved to CMG Mighty Tiger Records and released Slang Justice featuring bassist Dave Marotta and keyboardist Jim Cox. The record was simultaneously released in Europe on the Provogue label and the CVB began touring in Europe extensively and continues to do so to the present day. The fourth album entitled Slingshot was written on the road with Supertramp on the 1997 Some Things Never Change Tour. Released in 1999 it featured drummers Steve DiStanislao, John Ferraro and Gregg Bissonette. Fellow Supertramp members Mark Hart sang background vocals and Cliff Hugo played bass.
2000s
Verheyen released the trio recording Atlas Overload in 2000 with bassist Cliff Hugo and drummer Steve DiStanislao. In 2001 a solo album titled Solo Guitar Improvisations was released featuring the acoustic side of Verheyen's guitar playing. And later that year a jazz fusion project called Real to Reel was released featuring Karl Ratzer on guitar.
SIX recorded with Hugo and DiStanislao along with Jim Cox on Hammond B-3 and Wurlitzer piano was released in 2004. Bernie Dresel replaced DeStanislao on drums for the 2005 release Rumor Mill. The live record was recorded by AIX Records in LA's Zipper Hall and featured a 5.1 surround mix and a DVD of the concert. It won the award for Best Additional Features at the Surround Sound Awards that year. The European version on Mascot/Provogue is called Live in LA and was released separately as a CD and a DVD."
In 2007 the CVB released "Take One Step". Chad Wackerman and Bernie Dresel share the drum duties with Jim Cox on keyboards and Cliff Hugo on bass. AIX released the CD along with a making-of DVD showing the band in the studio and on tour.
In 2009, Walfredo Reyes Jr. joined the CVB along with Dave Marotta on bass and Jim Cox on keyboards they released Trading 8s featuring six of Verheyen's guitar playing friends: Robben Ford, Albert Lee, Joe Bonamassa, Steve Morse, Rick Vito and Scott Henderson. The subsequent tour produced the double live album and DVD called The Road Divides released in 2011.
2010s
In 2013, Verheyen released Mustang Run, a mostly instrumental record with one vocal track, Supertramp's classic Bloody Well Right. Musicians included Simon Phillips, Greg Bissonette, Chad Wackerman and Walfredo Reyes Jr. on drums with Supertramp's John Helliwell and solo artist Bill Evans on sax. Jerry Goodman plays violin and Jimmy Johnson, Dave Marotta and Stuart Hamm share the bass duties. Keyboard players include Jim Cox and Mitchel Forman.
A movie called Turn It Up - A Celebration of the Electric Guitar featuring Verheyen extensively, was released in 2014. Then in 2015 Verheyen released another solo acoustic recording called Alone: Solo Guitar Improvisations, Volume 2.
In 2016, the CVB added drummer John Mader and recorded The Grand Design at Sweetwater Studios in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Stuart Hamm joins Dave Marotta on bass and Chester Thompson adds drums on one track. A documentary movie was made of the creative and recording process called Grand Designs: The Music of Carl Verheyen. It won the Special Jury Remi Award at the 2017 Worldfest Film Festival.
Verheyen returned to Sweetwater Studios to record Essential Blues in 2018 with drummer Nick D'Virgilio and bassist Dave Martin. The live studio record also featured Jim Cox and was completed in two days. It was the first recording also released on vinyl since 1987's No Borders.
In 2021, he released a new studio album called Sundial. It features Dave Marotta, John Mader and Jim Cox, as well as contributions by Nick D'Virgilio and Chad Wackerman.
Classic Rock Magazine in the UK called Verheyen "One of the Top 100 Guitarists of all time" and Guitar Magazine in the US called him one of the top 10 guitarists in the World.
Discography
Videography
References
External links
Carl Verheyen Interview (2010) – iTalkGuitar
Audio interview with Carl on Guitar Jam Daily
Carl Verheyen Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2019)
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
American people of Dutch descent
Living people
1954 births
Supertramp members
Provogue Records artists
Priscilla Weems (born January 18, 1972) is an American-born actress and singer.
Weems started acting at an early age, and was on the first two seasons of Five Mile Creek. Later, she had a recurring role for five seasons as Claudia Shively, daughter of Mary Jo (Annie Potts), on Designing Women. She also guest-starred on several shows, including Quantum Leap, The Garry Shandling Show and St. Elsewhere.
Weems left acting to get married and have a son. Her marriage ended in divorce and she later returned to the entertainment industry as a singer.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
American film actresses
American television actresses
Actresses from Oregon
21st-century American singers
21st-century American actresses
The policy of taxation in the Philippines is governed chiefly by the Constitution of the Philippines and three Republic Acts.
Constitution: Article VI, Section 28 of the Constitution states that "the rule of taxation shall be uniform and equitable" and that "Congress shall evolve a progressive system of taxation".
national law: National Internal Revenue Code—enacted as Republic Act No. 8424 or the Tax Reform Act of 1997 and subsequent laws amending it; the law was most recently amended by Republic Act No. 10963 or the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion Law; and,
local laws: major sources of revenue for the local government units (LGUs) are the taxes collected by virtue of Republic Act No. 7160 or the Local Government Code of 1991, and those sourced from the proceeds collected by virtue of a local ordinance.
Taxes imposed at the national level are collected by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR), while those imposed at the local level (i.e., provincial, city, municipal, barangay) are collected by a local treasurer's office.
National taxes
The taxes imposed by the national government of the Philippines include, but are not limited to:
income tax;
estate tax;
donor's tax;
value-added tax;
percentage tax;
excise tax; and
documentary stamp tax.
Income tax
Income tax for individuals
Citizens of the Philippines and resident aliens must pay taxes for all income they have derived from various sources, which include, but are not limited to:
compensation income (e.g., salary and wages);
income of self-employed individuals and/or professionals;
capital gains;
interests;
rents;
royalties;
dividends;
annuities;
prizes and winnings;
pensions; and,
partner's share from the profits of partnership.
Compensation and self-employment income
Individuals, including nonresident aliens, earning compensation income are taxed based only on the income tax schedule for individuals. On the other hand, self-employed individuals and professionals are taxed based on the income tax schedule for individuals, applicable percentage taxes, and value-added tax (VAT). However, if their gross sales (or gross receipts plus other non-operating income) does not exceed the VAT threshold, they have the option to be taxed either on the basis of the income tax schedule for individuals and the applicable percentage taxes, or just with a flat tax rate of 8% on their gross sales (or gross receipts plus other non-operating income).
Interests, royalties, prizes and other winnings
Interest income from bank deposits, deposit substitutes, trust funds, and other similar products (except for its long-term variants) is taxed at the rate of 20%.
Royalties, except on books, literary works and musical compositions, are taxed at the rate of 10%.
Prizes and winnings from Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) Lotto in excess of P10,000 (upon which individual prizes and winnings P10,000 or below are taxed on the basis of the income tax schedule for individuals) are taxed at the rate of 20%.
Interest income from a depository bank under the expanded foreign currency deposit system is taxed at the rate of 15%.
Income from long-term deposits and investments, when pre-terminated in less than three years after making such deposit or investment, is taxed at the rate of 20%; less than four years, 12%; and, less than five years, 5%.
Dividends
Cash and property dividends are taxed at the rate of 10%.
Capital gains
Capital gains from the sale of shares of stock not traded in stock exchange are taxed at the rate of 15%.
Capital gains from the sale of real property are taxed at the rate of 6%, except when such proceeds would be used to construct a new principal residence within eighteen months after the sale of a previous principal residence had occurred.
Income tax for corporations
In general, the income tax rate for corporations is 30%. However, for-profit educational institutions and hospitals enjoy a much lower rate of 10%.
Estate tax
The transfer of the net estate is taxed at a flat rate of 6%. There is a standard deduction amounting to P5,000,000.
Donor's tax
The total value of gifts made in a calendar year shall be taxed at a flat rate of 6%. There is a standard deduction amounting to P250,000.
Value-added tax
The value-added tax (VAT) rate since 2006 is 12%.
The new VAT threshold was changed from Php 1,919,500 to Php 3,000,000 as a result of the passage of the Tax Reform for Inclusion and Acceleration (TRAIN) Law.
Exempt transactions
The following goods, services and transactions are exempted from the VAT:
agricultural and marine food products in their original state;
fertilizers, seeds, seedlings, fingerlings, and feeds and feed ingredients;
importation of personal and household effects of persons resettling in the Philippines;
importation of professional instruments, wearing apparel, and domestic animals;
services subject to percentage tax;
agricultural contract growers and millers;
health care services;
educational services;
agricultural cooperatives, and cooperatives that are non-agricultural and non-electric in nature;
residential lots worth at most P1,500,000, or house and lots worth at most P2,500,000
monthly lease of residential units at most P15,000;
books and mass media publications (e.g. newspaper and magazine);
transport services by non-Philippine carriers;
cargo vessels and aircraft;
financial services;
sales to senior citizens and persons with disability;
from 2019, drugs prescribed for diabetes, high cholesterol and hypertension; and,
annual sales of any other goods or services not exceeding P3,000,000.
Percentage tax
Percentage tax is a business tax imposed on persons or entities/transactions:
who sell or lease goods, properties or services in the course of trade or business and are exempt from value-added tax (VAT) under Section 109 (w) of the National Internal Revenue Code, as amended, whose gross annual sales and/or receipts do not exceed Php 3,000,000 and who are not VAT-registered; and,
engaged in businesses specified in Title V of the National Internal Revenue Code.
Excise taxes
Excise taxes apply to goods manufactured or produced in the Philippines for domestic sales or consumption or for any other disposition and to things imported.
Local taxes
Real property tax
One of main sources of revenues of the local government units is the real property tax, which is a tax imposed on all types of real properties including lands, buildings, improvements, and machinery.
References
Economy of the Philippines
Adam Chrzanowski (born 31 March 1999) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Ekstraklasa side Wisła Płock.
Club career
On 13 March 2020, Chrzanowski signed a contract with Italian Serie B club Pordenone, which became active in July 2020.
On 17 January 2022, he returned to Poland and moved to Wisła Płock on loan until the end of the season. On 30 June, he joined the club on a permanent basis, signing a three-year contract.
Honours
Lechia Gdańsk
Polish Cup: 2018–19
References
External links
1999 births
Footballers from Warsaw
Living people
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Znicz Pruszków players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Wigry Suwałki players
Miedź Legnica players
Pordenone Calcio players
Wisła Płock players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Serie B players
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Ailill mac Cathail Con-cen-máthair (died 701) was a King of Munster from the Glendamnach branch of the Eóganachta. He was the son of Cathal Cú-cen-máthair mac Cathail (d. 665) and brother of his predecessor Finguine mac Cathail Con-cen-máthair (d. 696).
Though mentioned in the annals as king and in the saga Senchas Fagbála Caisil "The Story of the Finding of Cashel", he is omitted from lists in the Laud Synchronisms and the Book of Leinster.<ref>,{MS folio 150a} Fland cecinit</ref> Also in the list of signatories to the signing of Adomnan's Law of the Innocents at Birr in 697; he is only mentioned as king of Mag Feimin while Eterscél mac Máele Umai (d. 721) is named king of Munster.
Ailil had three sons: Fogantach, Aonghus and Dubhda but none of his descendants were kings.
Notes
See also
Kings of Munster
ReferencesAnnals of TigernachT.M. Charles-Edwards, Early Christian IrelandFrancis J. Byrne, Irish Kings and High-KingsBook of Leinster,{MS folio 150a} Fland cecinit.Book of Munster, Rev.Eugene O'KeeffeLaud SynchronismsThe Chronology of the Irish Annals'', Daniel P. McCarthy
External links
CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Kings of Munster
7th-century births
701 deaths
7th-century Irish monarchs
8th-century Irish monarchs
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1938
Louise Ebrel (27 July 1932 – 30 March 2020) was a Breton singer whose parents Eugénie Goadec (one of the Goadec Sisters) and Job Ebrel were themselves singers. Her repertoire was composed of traditional Breton songs, either for dancing (kan ha diskan) or for listening (gwerz).
Ebrel was born at Treffrin in the Côtes-du-Nord (the present Côtes d'Armor). From 1991 to 2006 she accompanied the singer-poet Denez Prigent in concerts, both as a duo and with his musical group. Since 1996 she frequently sang with Ifig Flatrès in kan ha diskan at festoù noz. Since 2006 she performed on Breton stages with the punk group Les Ramoneurs de menhirs and the rockers of Red Cardell as well as the ensemble The Celtic Social Club founded in 2014.
References
External links
Louise Ebrel on the website of the record label L'OZ Production
1932 births
2020 deaths
People from Côtes-d'Armor
Breton-language singers
Ballık is a village in the Altınyayla district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Altınyayla District
Eirini Stachtiari (born 27 July 1977) is a Greek former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1977 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Ward Whitt (born 1942) is an American professor of operations research and management sciences. He is the Wai T. Chang Professor of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research at Columbia University. His research focuses on queueing theory, performance analysis, stochastic models of telecommunication systems, and numerical transform inversion. He is recognized for his contributions to the understanding and analyses of complex queues and queuing networks, which led to advances in the telecommunications system. As of November 2, 2015, his publications have been cited over 25,000 times, and he has an h-index of 82.
Biography
Whitt was born in Bozeman, Montana. He received a BA in Mathematics from Dartmouth and a PhD in operations research from Cornell (1969). His doctoral thesis, Weak Convergence Theorems for Queues in Heavy Traffic, paved the path for his future research. Whitt joined the operations research faculty at Stanford before moving to Yale in 1969. From 1977–2002, he worked in Bell Labs and then AT&T Labs. Since 2002, he has been a full professor in the Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research (IEOR) at Columbia.
Honors
Whitt received numerous accolades for his seminal contributions to operations research. He holds a number of telecommunications-related patents. He has been on the editorial boards of major management science journals including Operations Research. He is a member of Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS) and Institute of Mathematical Statistics. He has also been a member and committee chair in the National Academy of Engineering. From 1999 to 2001, Whitt has been on the INFORMS prize committee.
Awards
2003 INFORMS Frederick W. Lanchester Prize
2002 Inaugural INFORMS Fellow
2001 John von Neumann Theory Prize
2001 Harold Larnder Prize
1997 AT&T Fellow
1996 National Academy of Engineering Member
References
External links
Ward Whitt page at National Academy of Engineering
Home Page
Department Page
INFORMS: Biography of Ward Whitt from the Institute for Operations Research and the Managerial Sciences
1942 births
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
Dartmouth College alumni
Cornell University College of Engineering alumni
Columbia University faculty
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science faculty
Living people
Probability theorists
John von Neumann Theory Prize winners
William Adams (17 August 1706 in Shrewsbury, England – 13 February 1789) was Fellow and Master of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Early years and education
Adams was born at Shrewsbury on 17 August 1706 and baptised at St Chad's Church, Shrewsbury, on 3 September 1706. He was from an old Shropshire and Shrewsbury family, the eldest son of John Adams and Elizabeth Jorden.
He may have attended Shrewsbury School before being educated at John Roysse's Free School in Abingdon (now Abingdon School). He was at Abingdon from c.1716 until 1720 before he was entered into Pembroke College just before his fourteenth birthday, on 6 August 1720. He matriculated at such an early age because he was kin of the co-founder Richard Wightwick. He obtained a B.A., 5 June 1724, master's degree, 18 April 1727 and obtained a fellowship in 1723.
Tutorship
During 1731 (possibly 1730) he succeeded his cousin William Jorden as a tutor at Pembroke College, where he remained until after Easter 1732.
Curacy
On 26 February 1732, he was presented to the curacy, or, as usually called, the vicarage of St. Chad's in Shrewsbury, which resulted in him leaving the college. He became Prebendary of Lichfield in 1747, Rector of Holgate, Salop in 1748, Canon of Llandaff in 1749 and Precentor in 1750.
In 1756, he visited Oxford, and completed his degrees of BD and D.D. on 12 July, and then went back to Shrewsbury, where he discharged the duties of his ministry with exemplary assiduity, patience, and affection; and contributed a very active part in the foundation of the Salop infirmary, and in promoting its success. The year before he went last to Oxford, he was presented to the rectory of Cound in Shropshire, by Mrs. Elizabeth Cressett of that place, and retained it during his life. In 1774 he was appointed Rector of Bedwas, Co. Monmouth and of Cwm, Flintshire.
Master
In 1775, about 43 years after he left college, John Ratcliffe, Master of Pembroke College, died; and although Adams had out-lived almost all his contemporaries, the gentlemen of the college came to a determination to elect him, a mark of respect due to his public character, and highly creditable to their discernment. He accordingly became Master of Pembroke, 26 July 1775, and in consequence obtained a prebend of Gloucester, which is attached to that office. He now resigned the living of St. Chad, to the lasting regret of his hearers, as well as of the inhabitants at large, to whom he had long been endeared by his amiable character, and pious attention to the spiritual welfare of his flock. He resigned his living of St. Chad's when he was elected Master of Pembroke (succeeded by the Rev. Thomas Humphries on 10 November 1775). During 1777 he was made Archdeacon of Llandaff.
Over the college he presided with universal approbation, and engaged the affections of the students by his courteous demeanour and affability, mixed with the firmness necessary for the preservation of discipline. In his apartments here, he frequently cheered the latter days of his old friend Dr. Samuel Johnson, whom he survived but a few years.
Personal life
Adams married Miss Sarah Hunt (daughter of Thomas Hunt of Boreatton) on 12 July 1742 at St. Chad's, the same church at which he was baptised. They had two children, Thomas baptised and buried during the month of December 1744 and Sarah (born 28 March 1746) who later married, in 1788, to Benjamin Hyatt, Esq. of Painswick, in Gloucestershire. It has generally been reported, that he was afterwards tutor to the celebrated Dr. Samuel Johnson; but Dr. Adams very handsomely contradicted this report, by saying, that had Johnson returned to College after Jordan's (his tutor's) death, he might have been his tutor: "I was his nominal tutor, but he was above my mark." A friendship, however, commenced between them, which lasted during the life of Dr. Johnson, to whose memory Dr. Adams did ample justice. Adams' daughter Sarah was a favourite of Johnson who affectionately called her 'Slim'.
Dr. Adams resided at Rowley's Mansions in Hill's Lane, Shrewsbury for many years but died at his prebendal house at Gloucester, 13 January 1789, aged 82. He was interred in Gloucester Cathedral, where a monument was erected, with an inscription, which celebrates his ingenuity, learning, eloquence, piety, and benevolence.
Publications
Adams's first publications were three occasional sermons, printed 1741, 1742, 1749; but his principal work was an Essay on Hume's Essay on Miracles, 8vo, 1752; which was long considered as one of the ablest answers that appeared to David Hume's writings, and was distinguished for acuteness, elegance, and urbanity of style. Hume, whom he once met in London, acknowledged that he had treated him much better than he deserved.
This work was followed by other occasional sermons, which the author collected into a volume, and published in 1777. Only one of these sermons involved him in a controversy. It was entitled "On true and false Doctrine," preached at St. Chad's 4 September 1769, and touched upon some of the principles of the Methodists, in consequence of Adams having lent his pulpit to the Rev. William Romaine, who had there preached a sermon, the tendency of which Adams thought it his duty to counteract. This produced a series of pamphlets between the friends of the respective parties; but it is somewhat singular that neither Adams nor Mr. Romaine took any part in the controversy, nor did Mr. Romaine publish the sermon which had occasioned it. The dispute turned principally on the degree of Calvinism to be found in the Articles, &c. of the Church of England.
See also
List of Old Abingdonians
List of Pembroke College, Oxford, people
Sources
Chalmers, Alexander. Appendix to The General Biographical Dictionary. London, [c. 1820]
References
English religious writers
English essayists
Archdeacons of Llandaff
Fellows of Pembroke College, Oxford
Masters of Pembroke College, Oxford
1706 births
1789 deaths
People educated at Abingdon School
Asgarabad (, also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 23 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Ditiola is a genus of fungi within the family Dacrymycetaceae. The genus contains about 10 widely distributed species. Ditiola was circumscribed by Elias Fries in 1822.
References
External links
Dacrymycetes
Mauritian diaspora in the United Kingdom are British people with Mauritian descent, or who were born in Mauritius. The 2001 UK Census recorded 27,078 Mauritian-born people living in the UK. The 2011 UK Census recorded 40,890 Mauritian-born residents in England, 434 in Wales, 571 in Scotland, and 83 in Northern Ireland. The Office for National Statistics estimates that in 2014, 41,000 people born in Mauritius were resident in the UK.
Up until 1968, Mauritius was under British rule, and the nation remains very closely linked to the UK, hence the UK being a popular destination for Mauritian emigrants.
Notable individuals
Lise de Baissac, heroine of the Special Operations Executive during World War II
Jean-Paul 'Bluey' Maunick, musician (Incognito)
Safia Minney, founder of Fair Trade and environmental fashion and lifestyle label People Tree
Rav Wilding, television presenter and police officer
Bernard Paul, boxer of the 1990s and 2000s
Julian Peedle-Calloo, TV Presenter
Shelina Permalloo, English cook, author and winner of the MasterChef 2012 UK TV show competition
Jackie Carter, singer and member of the 1970s Silver Convention
Francoise Pascal actress
Gavin Ramjaun TV presenter and journalist
Naga Munchetty TV presenter, newscaster and journalist
Suella Braverman Attorney General, Member of Parliament, Barrister.
Tommy Fury Professional Boxer, reality television contestant.
References
External links
BBC Born Abroad - Other South and East Africa
African diaspora in the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
Immigration to the United Kingdom by country of origin
Rapid River is a river in the northwestern portion of the US state of Maine flowing from Lower Richardson Lake to Umbagog Lake. Despite its short length, it forms the end of a major portion of the Umbagog Lake and Androscoggin River watersheds. Much of this watershed is covered by (from downstream to upstream) Lower and Upper Richardson Lakes, Mooselookmeguntic Lake, Cupsuptic Lake and Rangeley Lake. The major tributaries of this system are the Cupsuptic, Kennebago and Rangeley rivers, all of which flow into Cupsuptic Lake.
True to its name, Rapid River contains class III–IV rapids for most of its length, including some good spots for playboating and riverboarding. Locals omit the word "the" when referring to the river. For example, "I went kayaking on Rapid River" not "I went kayaking on the Rapid River."
See also
List of rivers of Maine
References
External links
Tributaries of the Kennebec River
Rivers of Oxford County, Maine
North Maine Woods
Northern Forest Canoe Trail
Rivers of Maine
The Bryn Mawr Apartment Hotel is a 12-story building in the Bryn Mawr Historic District in far-north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois. Located on North Kenmore Avenue, it is across the road from the Belle Shore Apartment Hotel. It was designated a historic Chicago Landmark by the Chicago City Council on November 6, 2002.
References
External links
Chicago Landmarks
Historic Images of Hotel
Residential buildings completed in 1928
Apartment buildings in Chicago
Residential skyscrapers in Chicago
1928 establishments in Illinois
Primer may refer to:
Arts, entertainment, and media
Films
Primer (film), a 2004 feature film written and directed by Shane Carruth
Primer (video), a documentary about the funk band Living Colour
Literature
Primer (textbook), a textbook used in primary education to teach the alphabet and other basic subjects
Primer (prayer book), a common name for English prayer books used from the 13th to 16th centuries
The New England Primer (1688), a Puritan book from Colonial America with morality-themed rhymes
Music
Primer (album), a 1995 music album by the musical group Rockapella
Primer 55, an American alternative metal band
"The Primer", a song from the 2005 album Alaska by Between the Buried and Me
Firearms
Primer (firearms), a firearm powder charge-ignition mechanism
Centerfire ammunition, Boxer or Berdan primers used in modern centerfire cartridges
Detonator, a small explosive device also known as an explosive primer or blasting cap
Friction primer, an ignition device for muzzle-loading cannon
Percussion cap, a gunpowder ignition device for 19th century muzzle-loading firearms and modern replicas
Coatings
Primer (cosmetics), a cream or lotion applied before another to improve coverage and persistence
Primer (paint), a coating applied to a surface to prepare it for paint or another coating or adhesive
Fonts
Great primer, a font size of 18 points
Long primer, a font size between bourgeois and small pica
Primer (typeface)
People
Sylvester Primer (1842–1912), American linguist and philologist
John Primer (born 1945), American Chicago singer and guitarist
Software
Primer (app), free mobile application by Google
Primer-E Primer, software for statistical analysis of ecological data
Other uses
Primer (gasoline engine), a device on some petrol engines used to prime the engine with gasoline before starting it
Primer (molecular biology), a nucleic acid strand (or related molecule) that serves as a starting point for replication
Money-creation primer
Trap primer, a plumbing device or valve that adds water to traps
See also
Premier (disambiguation)
Priming (disambiguation)
"Second Bite of the Apple" is the first single released from British band Beady Eye's second album, BE. "Second Bite of the Apple" was released along with B-side "Dreaming of Some Space" which used backmasking.
To promote the song Beady Eye performed 'Second Bite of the Apple' on the semi-final of the BBC talent show The Voice UK on 15 June 2013.
Track listing
"Second Bite of the Apple" (Gem Archer) – 3:29
"Dreaming of Some Space" (Andy Bell) - 1:56
Chart performance
As of 9 June 2013, "Second Bite of the Apple" had peaked at number 112 on the UK Singles Chart.
References
Songs written by Gem Archer
Beady Eye songs
2013 singles
Wiggins is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. The community now lies within the city limits of Babbie.
History
The community was named for James Wiggins, who served as the first postmaster. A post office operated under the name Wiggins from 1880 to 1904.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Acallistus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Acallistus cuprescens (Sloane, 1920)
Acallistus longus (Sloane, 1920)
Acallistus plebius (Sloane, 1920)
Acallistus tasmanicus (Castelnau, 1867)
References
Broscini
Carabidae genera
Albert Clifton Thompson (January 23, 1842 – January 26, 1910) was a United States representative from Ohio and a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.
Education and career
Born on January 23, 1842, in Brookville, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, Thompson attended the common schools and Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania) and began the study of law. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War as a second lieutenant of Company B, One Hundred and Fifth Regiment, Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. He was promoted to captain of Company K in the same regiment on November 28, 1861. He served until March 23, 1863, when he was discharged on account of wounds received in the Second Battle of Bull Run. He resumed the study of law and read law in 1864, being admitted to the bar on December 13, 1864. He entered private practice in Brookville in 1864. He continued private practice in Portsmouth, Ohio from 1865 to 1870. He was a Judge of the Scioto County, Ohio Probate Court from 1870 to 1873. He resumed private practice in Portsmouth from 1873 to 1881. He was a Judge of the Ohio Court of Common Pleas for the Seventh Judicial District from 1881 to 1884.
Congressional service
Thompson was elected as a Republican to the United States House of Representatives of the 49th, 50th and 51st United States Congresses, serving from March 4, 1885, to March 3, 1891. He was elected from Ohio's 12th congressional district for his first term and from Ohio's 11th congressional district for his two subsequent terms. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1890. He resumed private practice in Portsmouth from 1891 to 1898. He was appointed by President McKinley as Chairman of the commission to revise and codify the criminal and penal laws of the United States on June 21, 1897.
Federal judicial service
Thompson received a recess appointment from President William McKinley on September 23, 1898, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio vacated by Judge George Read Sage. He was nominated to the same position by President McKinley on December 13, 1898. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 20, 1898, and received his commission the same day. His service terminated on January 26, 1910, due to his death in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was interred in Greenlawn Cemetery in Portsmouth.
References
Sources
1842 births
1910 deaths
People from Brookville, Pennsylvania
Ohio state court judges
People from Portsmouth, Ohio
Union Army officers
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Ohio lawyers
Judges of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
United States federal judges appointed by William McKinley
19th-century American politicians
United States federal judges admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
In enzymology, a chloromuconate cycloisomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-chloro-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate 3-chloro-cis,cis-muconate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 2-chloro-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate, and one product, 3-chloro-cis,cis-muconate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-chloro-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate lyase (decyclizing). This enzyme is also called muconate cycloisomerase II. This enzyme participates in gamma-hexachlorocyclohexane degradation and 1,4-dichlorobenzene degradation. It employs one cofactor, manganese.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 3 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , and .
References
EC 5.5.1
Manganese enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
|}
The Glasgow Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to three-year-old horses. It is run at Hamilton Park over a distance of 1 mile, 3 furlongs and 15 yards (2,227 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
History
The event was formerly contested at York over 1 mile, 2 furlongs and 88 yards. It used to be held in May, and it sometimes served as a trial for the Epsom Derby. Both races were won by Commander in Chief in 1993.
The Glasgow Stakes was given Listed status in 1999. For a period it was restricted to colts and geldings. It was last run at York in 2004.
The race was transferred to Hamilton Park, several miles to the south-east of Glasgow, in 2006. It was reopened to fillies and switched to mid-July in 2011.
Records
Leading jockey since 1976 (5 wins):
Pat Eddery – Illustrious Prince (1976), New Berry (1979), Pelerin (1980), Polish Blue (1992), Commander in Chief (1993)
Leading trainer since 1976 (7 wins):
Sir Michael Stoute – Hill's Yankee (1978), Sasaki (1990), Polish Blue (1992), Foyer (1994), Dr Massini (1996), Greek Dance (1998), Tam Lin (2006)
Winners since 1976
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Paris-Turf:
, , ,
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , ,
pedigreequery.com – Glasgow Stakes – Hamilton.
Flat races in Great Britain
Hamilton Park Racecourse
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Sport in South Lanarkshire
The Brisbane Baylands is a parcel of land in Brisbane, just south of the San Francisco border. There have been several proposals to develop the site, which was previously used as a railyard and a municipal landfill; historical uses have led to contaminated soil, polluted stormwater runoff, and potential buried toxic waste. None of the present proposals have been approved by Brisbane's city council.
The approximately triangular site is oriented primarily north–south and is bounded by Bayshore Boulevard to the west, the Bayshore Freeway to the east, and the San Francisco–San Mateo County line to the north; it includes Brisbane Lagoon as the southernmost extent, although no development is planned for the lagoon. The primary road through the site is Tunnel Avenue, running north–south. Commuter rail service is provided by Caltrain through the middle of the site, parallel to Tunnel and U.S. 101; the Muni Metro T Third line provides light rail service to San Francisco from the northwest border of the site.
Historical uses
The San Francisco Bay shoreline was just east of Bayshore Highway (which is now Bayshore Boulevard); debris from the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fill taken from the construction of the Bayshore Cutoff, which opened in 1907, were used to fill a portion of the Bay west of the railroad tracks and east of Bayshore Highway, creating a classification yard for Southern Pacific.
San Francisco's municipal landfill was in operation from 1932 to 1967, filling in the portion of Brisbane Lagoon east of the tracks and west of U.S. 101. U.S. 101 runs along the current shoreline.
Brisbane Baylands concept plans
The Brisbane Baylands site is owned by Universal Paragon Corporation (UPC). The site is being planned for significant regional transportation improvements as analyzed in the Bi-County Transportation Study, including a multi-modal transit station at the station, connecting Caltrain, an extended Muni Metro T Third Street train, the planned Geneva-Harney bus rapid transit, and multiple bus routes operated by Muni and SamTrans. Geneva Avenue, which currently dead-ends onto Bayshore Boulevard, would be extended across the width of the Baylands and connected to Harney Way.
The earliest plan, later designated the Developer-Sponsored Plan (DSP), was submitted by UPC in 2005 and updated significantly in 2011. Contemporaneously, the City of Brisbane began developing an alternative in 2009 with input from residents, designated the Community Proposed Plan (CPP). The group called the Committee for Renewable Energy in the Baylands (CREBL) advanced another alternative in 2006, designated the Renewable Energy Alternative (REA).
All plans call for environmental remediation of the brownfield land to clean up chemicals left in the soil from its use as a railyard and municipal dump.
Notes
Developer-Sponsored Plan (DSP)
UPC's land use proposal, one of several introduced to Brisbane's city council, calls for the development of an entertainment district that could include an arena, concert theater and cineplex, of R&D, 1.5 million of office, of civic space, of retail, 4,434 housing units, a high school, transit/roadway improvements, 25-acre solar farm and nearly 200 acres of open space. Housing would be limited to the land previously used as the railyard.
Community Proposed Plan (CPP)
The Brisbane Planning Commission submitted an alternative plan in 2009 to the City Council. The primary difference in land use was the lack of any new housing units.
Project timeline
Draft plans
UPC originally submitted a draft plan to the City in 2005. The Schlage Lock factory site just north of the old railyard, within the city limits of San Francisco, was transferred to UPC in 2008 as part of a settlement with the previous owner, Ingersoll-Rand. At the time, the historic Schlage office building was planned to be converted into a community center, and 1,250 housing units would be added to the combined parcel.
In 2010, UPC revised the plan and submitted an updated Baylands Specific Plan and Appendix.
In Feb 2011, UPC submitted the draft Brisbane Baylands Specific Plan and associated Infrastructure Master Plan. The project is projected to create 15,000 – 20,000 permanent jobs and would be built over a 30-year schedule.
Environmental Impact Reports
The Baylands is the subject of an environmental impact report (EIR) prepared for and released by the City of Brisbane on June 11, 2013. The DEIR analyzes four concept plans: the Developer-Sponsored Plan (DSP), DSP with an entertainment variant (DSP-V), the Community Proposed Plan (CPP), and a CPP with a Recology expansion (CPP-V). One of the major findings of the EIR is that "Brisbane currently is a 'jobs rich' city [with] more than four times as many jobs as employed residents [...] the ratio between jobs and employed residents in Brisbane is not balanced [and] such an imbalance between jobs and housing typically contributes to higher homes prices due to demand outstripping supply, increased traffic congestion in the area, increase air and noise pollution, and longer commute times for workers". The EIR found that by providing housing adjacent to the proposed office and transit improvements, car trips and the associated greenhouse gases would be significantly reduced under the DSP concepts; since the CPP concepts only provided new jobs without housing, greenhouse gas emissions would rise.
In addition to the two Concept Plans proposed by UPC (DSP and DSP-V), the EIR analyzes the two Community Proposed Plans which the Brisbane City Council approved for study in July 2009, as well as a fifth, the Renewable Energy Alternative (REA) plan put forth by Citizens for Renewable Energy on the Bay Lands (CREBL), which included land for a solar energy farm.
Civic leaders hoping to host the 2024 Summer Olympics in San Francisco made a proposal in 2014 which included the construction of a temporary stadium for $350 million at the Brisbane Baylands to host opening and closing ceremonies. The Brisbane stadium was proposed as an alternative to a never-built new stadium for the Raiders in Oakland.
Potential annexation
In 2016, the Brisbane Planning Commission recommended dropping both DSP alternatives. Later, in September 2016, the Brisbane City Council indicated it preferred the CPP concept, which included a sustainability statement that "[t]here will be ample housing in the new developments planned across the border in San Francisco for those working in the Baylands who wish to live nearby", which drew criticism from officials in San Francisco and San Mateo County. However, the vote to endorse a specific concept was tabled and moved to 2017. In response, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors deliberated a resolution in October 2016 which, as originally written, directed San Francisco to investigate the feasibility of annexing Brisbane if housing was dropped from the Brisbane Baylands proposal.
Current residents and city leaders of Brisbane were resistant to the DSP concepts, believing that adding so many units of housing to the city would ruin its small-town character. The population of Brisbane in 2017 was estimated at 4,600. State politicians and organizations from outside Brisbane continued to express support for new housing, hoping to alleviate the local housing crisis.
2018 election
The Brisbane City Council certified the EIR in July 2018, selecting a modified version of DSP with a reduced 2,200 homes, and moved the approval of the Brisbane Baylands to the November 2018 general election. At the time, Brisbane Mayor Clarke Conway stated "It was always my hope we'd never put housing out there", a view echoed by several residents. On the other side, supporters of the development hoped the added residences would keep rents affordable.
Measure JJ passed, amending the Brisbane General Plan to allow 1,800 to 2,200 residences and up to 7 million square feet of commercial development on the Brisbane Baylands. With the passage of Measure JJ, UPC can now submit a final development plan for city review. Although the General Plan has been amended according to Measure JJ, actual construction for Brisbane Baylands buildings could start as late as 2028, as more than four years would be required to develop and implement a required soil remediation plan before any basic infrastructure could be added.
References
External links
Universal Paragon Corporation's Brisbane Baylands project page
Universal Paragon Corporation home page
Planned cities in the United States
Redeveloped ports and waterfronts in the United States
John Dalton, O.S.F., ( – May 5, 1869) was an Irish-born Friar Minor who served as the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Harbour Grace, Newfoundland, from 1856 to 1869.
Life
Dalton was born in Thurles, County Tipperary, in 1821. In 1839 he left Ireland for Newfoundland, where his uncle, Charles Dalton, O.S.F., a Friar Minor, was serving as the parish priest of Immaculate Conception Parish in Harbour Grace. The following year, John also entered the Franciscan Order and was sent to study at St. Isidore's College in Rome, the seminary of the Irish friars of the Order. He was ordained a Catholic priest there in 1846.
Dalton returned to Newfoundland that same year. He was then assigned as a curate by Michael Anthony Fleming, O.S.F., the Vicar Apostolic of Newfoundland, to assist his uncle by caring for the congregation of St. Patrick's Parish in Carbonear. When Charles Dalton was later transferred to Harbour Grace, John became parish priest in Carbonear.
In early 1856, the Diocese of St. John's, Newfoundland, was divided by the Holy See to form the new Diocese of Harbour Grace, and Dalton was appointed by Pope Pius IX on February 29 as its first bishop. He was ordained a bishop on May 25 of that year by John Thomas Mullock, O.F.M.. the Bishop of St. John's.
For the first few years Dalton continued to live at Carbonear but, following the death of his uncle, he moved in 1860 to the rectory at Harbour Grace. He spent the rest of his administration working to establish the structures of the diocese, including commencement of the construction of a cathedral for his diocese. He was also active in the local politics of the province. One of his first acts as bishop had been to ordain a native of Newfoundland as a priest.
Dalton died in his post in 1869. His remains are interred under the main altar of the present cathedral, built in 1892, which is currently inactive. In August 2018, Bishop Dalton, along with the Donnelly family were exhumed from the crypt and buried in the Harbour Grace Roman Catholic Cemetery. This was due to the cathedral being sold.
References
1821 births
1869 deaths
People from Thurles
Irish Friars Minor
Canadian Friars Minor
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Roman Catholic bishops of Grand Falls
Irish Roman Catholic missionaries
Franciscan bishops
Franciscan missionaries
Irish expatriate Catholic bishops
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Newfoundland
Newfoundland Colony people
Beatrice Forbes Manz is an American historian of the Middle East and Central Asia who specializes in nomads and the Timurid dynasty. She currently works as a professor of history at Tufts University. Her 1989 book The Rise and Rule of Tamerlane is considered one of the most authoritative accounts of the career of the conqueror Timur.
She received a bachelor's from Harvard University in 1970 and a master's in Middle Eastern studies from the University of Michigan in 1974, then returned to Harvard for a doctorate in Inner Asian and Altaic studies which she received in 1983. She is a fellow of the Massachusetts Historical Society and, , president of the American Institute of Iranian Studies.
She is the child of William H. Forbes and the well-known endocrinologist Anne Pappenheimer Forbes.
Her publications include:
The Rise and Rule of Tamerlane (Cambridge University Press, 1989)
Power Politics and Religion in Timurid Iran (Cambridge University Press, 2007)
Winner of the Middle East Studies Association's 2007 Houshang Pourshariati Iranian Studies Book Award
"Tamerlane's Career and its Uses," Journal of World History 13.1 (2002)
"Temür and the Problem of a Conqueror's Legacy," Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society (April 1998)
"Nomad and Settled in the Timurid Military," in Reuven Amitai and Michal Biran, eds., Mongols, Turks, and Others: Eurasian Nomads and the Sedentary World (Brill, 2005)
Beatrice Manz speaks French, German, Russian, Persian, some Turkish, and Arabic.
See also
John E. Woods
References
Historians of Central Asia
21st-century American historians
Iranologists
Harvard University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
Tufts University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Middle Eastern studies scholars
Latvian Sign Language () is a sign language commonly used by deaf people in Latvia. Linguists use LSL as an acronym for Latvian Sign Language.
Policy and education
The Official Language Law of 9 December 1999, which came into force on 1 September 2000, gave Latvian Sign Language a legal status in Section 3.3, which stipulates: 'The State shall ensure the development and use of the Latvian sign language for communication with people with impaired hearing.' Since 2008, Latvia has been screening newborns for hearing impairment.
The majority of Latvian DHI (deaf and hearing impaired) children live in boarding schools instead of with their families. The country has two specialist schools for DHI children that offer elementary education over a period of 10 or 12 years, one of which uses LSL and signed Latvian in instruction, while the other uses spoken language. In both schools, children primarily communicate amongst themselves in sign language. Aside from the two specialist schools, some schools exist which provide separate classes for DHI children, while in the remaining schools DHI children learn alongside their peers with normal hearing.
Research
Latvian Sign Language is claimed to have separated from French Sign Language some time around 1806.
Mahoney (2017) conducted the first-known 100-word Swadesh–Woodward list comparison of Latvian Sign Language and Estonian Sign Language (EVK), concluding that a possible relationship between them – as descending from VLFS, perhaps via ÖGS and/or RSL, as Wittmann (1991) and Bickford (2005) proposed – was 'still uncertain as it is unclear how sign languages disseminated in Eastern European countries during the Soviet Union, but aside from superficial impressions that the core lexicons are similar, signs with shared parameters displaying small variation in handshape while retaining 4 selected fingers suggests that these languages share a parent'. She added that '[a]t present there is no reason to assume that Estonian and Latvian sign language have a mother-daughter relationship'.
Power et al. (2020) conducted a large-scale data study into the evolution and contemporary character of 76 of manual alphabets (MAs) of sign languages, concluding that Latvian Sign Language's manual alphabet showed characteristics that were both typical of a postulated 'Russian Group' (including Russian, Ukrainian, Bulgarian and Estonian Sign Language) as well as a postulated 'Polish Group' (including Polish and Lithuanian Sign Language), and was therefore placed in between.
References
External links
Sign language centre of Latvian Association of the Deaf
Dictionary
French Sign Language family
Languages of Latvia
Paul Porter (born c. 1954) is an American public address announcer.
Paul Porter may also refer to:
Paul A. Porter (1904–1975), American lawyer and chairman of the Federal Communications Commission
Paul Porter (musician) (born 1962), American gospel musician
Paul Porter (Michigan politician) (1907–2002), American politician
Steven Porter (Canadian politician) (Paul Steven Porter, born 1945), member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Generalized Procrustes analysis (GPA) is a method of statistical analysis that can be used to compare the shapes of objects, or the results of surveys, interviews, or panels. It was developed for analysing the results of free-choice profiling, a survey technique which allows respondents (such as sensory panelists) to describe a range of products in their own words or language. GPA is one way to make sense of free-choice profiling data; other ways can be multiple factor analysis (MFA), or the STATIS method. The method was first published by J. C. Gower in 1975.
Generalized Procrustes analysis estimates the scaling factor applied to respondent scale usage, generating a weighting factor that is used to compensate for individual scale usage differences. Unlike measures such as a principal component analysis, GPA uses individual level data and a measure of variance is utilized in the analysis.
The Procrustes distance provides a metric to minimize in order to superimpose a pair of shape instances annotated by landmark points. GPA applies the Procrustes analysis method to superimpose a population of shapes instead of only two shape instances.
The algorithm outline is the following:
arbitrarily choose a reference shape (typically by selecting it among the available instances)
superimpose all instances to current reference shape
compute the mean shape of the current set of superimposed shapes
if the Procrustes distance between the mean shape and the reference is above a certain threshold, set the reference to mean shape and continue to step 2.
See also
Procrustes analysis
Orthogonal Procrustes problem
References
Multivariate statistics
Euclidean symmetries
Biometrics
Walton County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 83,768. It is located about 30 miles east of the state capital, the city of Atlanta. Monroe is the county seat; Loganville is another major city.
Walton County is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Walton County was created on December 15, 1818. It is named for George Walton, one of the three men from Georgia who signed the United States Declaration of Independence. The other two were Button Gwinnett and Lyman Hall.
A Supreme Court ruling in April 1946 had ruled that white primaries were unconstitutional, enabling some black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer. This increased social tensions in many areas, as whites continued to oppose voting by blacks. In addition, many whites resisted black veterans' efforts to gain expanded freedoms following their service during World War II.
Moore's Ford lynchings (1946)
In July 1946, the county was the site of one of the last mass lynchings of the pre-Civil Rights Era, when four African Americans, two young married couples, were murdered here. African American Roger Malcom had had an argument with a local white farmer, "ostensibly over a woman". He and his pregnant wife, and her cousin and her husband, were beaten and lynched on July 25.
A historical highway marker erected by the state in the 21st century reads:
2.4 miles east, at Moore's Ford Bridge on the Apalachee River, four African-Americans - George and Mae Murray Dorsey and Roger and Dorothy Dorsey Malcom (reportedly 7 months pregnant) - were brutally beaten and shot by an unmasked mob on the afternoon of July 25, 1946. The lynching followed an argument between Roger Malcom and a local white farmer. These unsolved murders played a crucial role in both President Truman's commitment to civil rights legislation and the ensuing modern civil rights movement.
The sign is at 33° 51.417′ N, 83° 36.733′ W. Marker is near Monroe, Georgia, in Walton County. This is at the intersection of U.S. 78 and Locklin Road, on the right when traveling east on U.S. 78.
In 1998, local people arranged a biracial memorial service honoring the victims, which was held at Moore's Ford Bridge.
Since then a local interracial committee organized to rekindle attention to the case, in hopes of bringing justice to the victims. They also gained state support to erect the historical highway marker noted above to mark the unsolved murders and commemorate the victims.
In the 21st century, commemoration has included an on-site reenactment, held annually since 2005 as part of the education effort.
Fire in a Canebrake: The Last Mass Lynching in America (2003), by author Laura Wexler, is among the books to explore the case and social context, and related evidence, including reference to contemporary FBI reports in the investigation ordered under President Truman.
In the early 21st century, the US Department of Justice reopened an investigation into the cold case, but they were unable to gain sufficient evidence to prosecute any survivors among the more than 50 suspects that FBI files from 1946 had suggested had been involved in the lynching. A local multi-ethnic committee continues to press for the case to be reviewed again in hopes of bringing justice to the victims. In February 2014 they presented a video to the Walton Board of Commissioners about the case.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The western half of Walton County, in a half circle from Social Circle through Monroe to northeast of Loganville, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The eastern part of the county, east of that curve, is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Barrow County – north
Oconee County – northeast
Morgan County – southeast
Newton County – south
Rockdale County – southwest
Gwinnett County – northwest
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 78
U.S. Route 278
State Route 10
State Route 10 Business
State Route 11
State Route 12
State Route 20
State Route 81
State Route 83
State Route 138
State Route 186
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Walton County doesn't have any pedestrian trails. However, there are trails in neighboring Gwinnett and Rockdale county such as the Arabia Mountain Path, Conyers Trail and Cedar Creek Trail Loop.
Demographics
There was a noted decline in population from 1900 to 1960, as thousands of African Americans left the rural area in the Great Migration, moving to the North, Midwest and West Coast to escape social oppression and to gain better jobs and opportunities.
With dramatic new growth related to the rise of Atlanta as a corporate city, the demographics have changed and the county is majority white in the 21st century. The area has been developed for suburban housing and retail.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 60,687 people, 21,307 households, and 17,002 families living in the county. The population density was 184 people per square mile (71/km2). There were 22,500 housing units at an average density of 68 per square mile (26/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 83.03% White, 14.42% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.70% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.64% from other races, and 0.95% from two or more races. 1.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 21,307 households, out of which 39.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 12.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.20% were non-families. 16.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.16.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.40% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 32.20% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 9.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,479 and the median income for a family was $52,386. Males had a median income of $37,482 versus $25,840 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,470. About 8.00% of families and 9.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.30% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 83,768 people, 29,583 households, and 22,921 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 32,435 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.1% white, 15.6% black or African American, 1.1% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.4% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.2% identified as American, 15.6% as African-American, 12.2% as Irish, 10.9% as English, and 8.9% as German.
Of the 29,583 households, 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.5% were married couples living together, 13.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 22.5% were non-families, and 18.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.19. The median age was 37.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $51,721 and the median income for a family was $58,750. Males had a median income of $45,669 versus $32,064 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,521. About 10.5% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 96,673 people, 33,350 households, and 25,736 families residing in the county.
Government
Walton County has a 6-member commission elected from single-member districts. This legislative body can pass laws for the county and tax bills. The county chairman is elected at-large to serve as the leader. If a seat becomes vacant during the term, the governor can appoint someone to fill the seat, based on recommendations. In 2015, two of the six positions were filled by appointees.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Loganville
Monroe
Social Circle
Jersey
Good Hope
Walnut Grove
Towns
Between
Unincorporated communities
Bold Springs
Campton
Gratis
Mt. Vernon
Pannell
Windsor
Youth
Split Silk
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Walton County, Georgia
Hard Labor Creek Regional Reservoir
References
Camp, Lynn Robinson, and Jennifer E. Cheek-Collins. Walton County, Georgia (Black America Series; Charleston, S.C., 2003) ().
Sams, Anita B. Wayfarers in Walton: A History of Walton County, Georgia, 1818–1967 (Monroe, Ga., 1967).
External links
Georgia.gov on Walton County
https://web.archive.org/web/20070704131617/http://www.negrdc.org/counties/walton/default.asp
"Holding on to Those Who Can't be Held": Reenacting a Lynching at Moore's Ford, Georgia" Southern Spaces, November 8, 2010.
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1818 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1818
Walton
David Myles (born 7 February 1978 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played for the Gold Coast Titans, North Queensland Cowboys, Auckland Warriors and the Gold Coast Chargers in first grade. He also played for the United States national rugby league team.
Playing career
Myles started his career with the South Queensland Crushers but could not break into first grade. In 1998 he moved to join the Gold Coast Chargers and made his first grade debut on 5 April against the Brisbane Broncos. He won Rookie of the year in 1998. The Chargers folded at the end of the year and he spent 1999 with the Cronulla Sharks, spending a lot of the year in the NSWRL Premier League.
In 2000 he moved again, signing with the then Auckland Warriors. He received the Best Back award for 2000 and he played with the club for three seasons and played in 51 matches. He was an integral part of the club's first finals appearance in 2001. At the end of the 2002 season he moved again, signing with the North Queensland Cowboys. He played in 57 matches for the Cowboys, scoring 18 tries. He played his 100th first grade game during his time at the Cowboys. He also did not miss a game while at the club which showed his toughness and passion for the club. He played a very large role in the club's first finals appearance and also scored the only try in the Cowboys first finals appearance in Townsville beating big brothers Brisbane Broncos for the first time in the club's history.
Myles spent the 2006 season with Toulouse Olympique in France.
He then signed with the new Gold Coast Titans franchise in 2007. However he spent most of the season with the Tweed Heads Seagulls in the Queensland Cup, playing only four first grade matches for the Titans. Tweed Seagulls won the QLD Cup Grand Final that season with Myles scoring two tries. Myles also represented the United States in a 2007 World Cup qualifying match in which he scored a try. He retired playing professionally at the end of 2007 however still played with The USA national team which qualified for the 2013 World Cup. He scored a try in games against South Africa as well as Jamaica on the way to qualifying.
References
1978 births
Living people
Australian people of American descent
Australian rugby league players
Gold Coast Chargers players
Gold Coast Titans players
Mount Albert Lions players
New Zealand Warriors players
North Queensland Cowboys players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Brisbane
Rugby league wingers
Toulouse Olympique players
Tweed Heads Seagulls players
United States national rugby league team players
Leonidas Rossi (; born 19 April 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Super League 2 club Kallithea.
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Association football defenders
People from Sarandë
The "Fast Five" were a group of publicly traded consulting firms that developed in the mid 1990s to capitalize on the rapid commercial development of the Internet.
The term "Fast Five" was coined to draw a contrast with the established "Big Five" accounting firms with
management consulting arms, and to make the point that the new breed of consulting firms was more nimble and could produce more rapid results.
Business performance and rapid growth
The firms innovate both technology and methodology, developing new techniques better adapted for Web site design and construction, along with back-end internet infrastructure. For example, Viant created a service model to obtain maximum utilization of the three essential disciplines (creative, business strategists, and technical professionals/software developers).
Deliverables move forward based on team consensus, with input from all three disciplines. Prior to the service model, most professional services firms utilized a waterfall model of system development where results from one phase were thrown "over the wall" with limit input from the team that would handle the next phase.
Distinctive cultures
Most of the firms felt a need to differentiate themselves in their approach to employees and their appearance to clients. Razorfish created uniquely styled business cards. VIANT had strong ideas about office space needing to be located around the energy of a downtown area of a city.
Staff and knowledge management
Another area of innovation was in knowledge management. The firms created internal intranets, office spaces, and organizational incentives and structures designed to encourage information sharing, as opposed to knowledge hoarding.
Viant
Viant's office space was created with Dunbar's number in mind, so that an office that grew to over 100 consultants would 'spawn' a new office with a small nucleus of experienced consultants. The goal was to limit the size of any one office to no more than 125 to 130 consultants, keeping the total number in the office well below Dunbar's estimate of 150. The effect was that each consultant in the office could maintain stable social relationships with everyone else.
Rapid business growth
The firms grew rapidly, often increasing their annual revenues and staff at over 100% per year.
Decline during the Dot-com downturn
Despite the aggressive growth of their businesses, most of the firms stock prices and prospects collapsed by late 2000 or early 2001, due to the collapse of the Internet bubble as well as increased competition from the "Big Five" and other established technology consulting firms.
Firms in the "fast five"
VIANT (internet consultancy) (NASDAQ:VIAN) - absorbed into divine Inc.
Scient (NASDAQ:SCNT)- absorbed into iXL
Razorfish (NASDAQ:RAZF)
iXL - (NASDAQ:IIXL) merged into Razorfish
USWeb then MarchFirst (NASDAQ:USWB) then (NASDAQ:MRCH)
References
Consulting firms of the United States
Consulting firms established in 1995
William Barnes (22 February 1801 – 7 October 1886) was an English polymath, writer, poet, philologist, priest, mathematician, engraving artist and inventor. He wrote over 800 poems, some in Dorset dialect, and much other work, including a comprehensive English grammar quoting from more than 70 different languages. A linguistic purist, Barnes strongly advocated against borrowing foreign words into English, and instead supported the use and proliferation of "strong old Anglo-Saxon speech".
Life and work
Barnes was born in the parish of Bagber, Dorset, to John Barnes, a tenant-farmer in the Vale of Blackmore. The younger Barnes's formal education finished when he was 13 years old. Between 1818 and 1823 he worked in Dorchester, the county town, as a solicitor's clerk, then moved to Mere in neighbouring Wiltshire and opened a school. While he was there he began writing poetry in the Dorset dialect, as well as studying several languages—Italian, Persian, German and French, in addition to Greek and Latin—playing musical instruments (violin, piano, and flute) and practicing wood-engraving. He married Julia Miles, the daughter of an exciseman from Dorchester, in 1827. In 1835 he moved back to the county town, where again he ran a school at first located on Durngate Street and subsequently on South Street. By a further move, within South Street, the school became a neighbor of an architect's practice in which Thomas Hardy was an apprentice. The architect, John Hicks, was interested in literature and the classics, and when disputes about grammar occurred in the practice, Hardy visited Barnes for authoritative opinions. Barnes's other literary friends included Lord Tennyson and Gerard Manley Hopkins.
Barnes was ordained into the Church of England in 1847, taking a BD degree from St John's College, Cambridge, in 1851. He served curacies at Whitcombe Church in Whitcombe, Dorset, from 1847 to 1852, and again from 1862. He became rector of St Peter's Church, Winterborne Came, with Winterborne Farringdon, Dorset, from 1862 to his death. Shortly before his death, he was visited at Old Came Rectory by Thomas Hardy and Edmund Gosse; in a letter, Gosse wrote that Barnes was "dying as picturesquely as he lived":
Barnes first contributed the Dorset dialect poems for which he is best known to periodicals, including Macmillan's Magazine; a collection in book form Poems of Rural Life in the Dorset Dialect, was published in 1844. A second collection Hwomely Rhymes followed in 1858, and a third collection in 1863; a combined edition appeared in 1879. A "translation", Poems of Rural Life in Common English had already appeared in 1868. His philological works include Philological Grammar (1854), Se Gefylsta, an Anglo-Saxon Delectus (1849), Tiw, or a View of Roots (1862), and a Glossary of Dorset Dialect (1863), and among his other writings is a slim volume on "the Advantages of a More Common Adoption of The Mathematics as a Branch of Education, or Subject of Study", published in 1834.
Barnes is buried in Winterborne Came churchyard beneath a Celtic cross. The plinth of the cross has the inscription: 'In Memory of William Barnes, Died 7 October 1886. Aged 86 Years. For 24 Years Rector of this Parish. This Memorial was raised to his Memory by his Children and Grandchildren." On 4 February 1889 a bronze statue of William Barnes by Edwin Roscoe Mullins (1848–1907) was unveiled outside St Peter's Church in High West Street, Dorchester.
Ralph Vaughan Williams set to music four of Barnes' poems: "My Orcha'd in Lindèn Lea" and "Blackmwore Maidens" in their "Common English" versions ("Linden Lea" and "Blackmwore by the Stour", respectively), "The Winter's Willow", and "In the Spring".
Linguistic purism
Barnes had a strong interest in linguistics; he was fluent in Greek, Latin, French, Hebrew, Hindi, Italian, Russian, Welsh, Cornish and Old English. He called for the purification of English by removal of Greek, Latin and foreign influences so that it might be better understood by those without a classical education. His coinages included such words as sun-print for photograph, wortlore for botany, and welkinfire for meteor. His strain of purism resembles the later "blue-eyed English" of composer Percy Grainger, and in certain instances the terms in David Cowley's How We'd Talk if the English had WON in 1066.
Style
Uniquely fond of the Dorset dialect, which he felt to be particularly near to English's Anglo-Saxon roots, many of Barnes's poems are written in the local parlance of Dorset. Additionally, as well as avoiding the use of foreign words in his poetry, Barnes frequently employed alliterative verse, the repetition of consonantal sounds. Examples of this can be heard in the lines "Do lean down low in Linden Lea" and "In our abode in Arby Wood".
See also
British literature
West Country dialects
Linguistic purism in English
Lucy Baxter, Barnes's third daughter who wrote The Life of William Barnes: Poet and Philologist (1887) under the name "Leader Scott"
T. L. Burton, author of several books on Barnes's poetry
References
External links
William Barnes' Grave
William Barnes at University of Toronto Libraries
Poems of Rural Life, in the Dorset dialect (complete) at eBooks@Adelaide
Selected poems by William Barnes
Poems of Rural Life, in the Dorset dialect, First collection (Third edition, 1862), full text at Google
Hwomely Rhymes: A Second Collection of Poems in the Dorset Dialect (1859), full text at Google
Poems of Rural Life, in the Dorset Dialect, Third Collection (1862), full text at Google
1801 births
1886 deaths
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
English philologists
People from Dorset
Burials in Dorset
English male poets
19th-century English poets
19th-century English male writers
People from Mere, Wiltshire
Lutidine is the trivial name used to describe the chemical compounds which are dimethyl derivatives of pyridine. Their chemical properties resemble those of pyridine, although the presence of the methyl groups may prohibit some of the more straightforward reactions. Lutidine comes in several isomers:
2,3-Lutidine (2,3-dimethylpyridine)
2,4-Lutidine (2,4-dimethylpyridine)
2,5-Lutidine (2,5-dimethylpyridine)
2,6-Lutidine (2,6-dimethylpyridine)
3,4-Lutidine (3,4-dimethylpyridine)
3,5-Lutidine (3,5-dimethylpyridine)
All isomers share the molecular weight 107,16 g/mol and the chemical formula C7H9N.
Pyridines
Amines
Amine solvents
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1962 season.
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams, and B36 Tórshavn won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
This is a timeline of incidents in 1989 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1989
1989
1989
Terr
William Andrewes Fearon (4 February 1841 - 29 April 1924) was an Anglican priest.
He was born into an ecclesiastical family, educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford, where he was a Fellow from 1864 to 1867 and president of the Oxford Union in 1864. He was ordained deacon in 1867 and priest the following year. He had a tutor's house at his old school from 1867 to 1882, during which time he married Mary Freeman, the daughter of an Archdeacon of Exeter when he became Headmaster of Durham School. He was Examining Chaplain to the Bishop of Newcastle from 1882 to 1884 when he returned to Winchester, where he was Headmaster until 1901. He was Archdeacon of Winchester from 1903 to 1920, Examining Chaplain to the Bishop of Winchester from 1903 to 1915; and Canon of Winchester from 1906 until 1920.
Notes
1865 births
People from Babergh District
People educated at Winchester College
Fellows of New College, Oxford
Headmasters of Winchester College
Archdeacons of Winchester (ancient)
Presidents of the Oxford Union
1924 deaths
René Highway (November 6, 1954 – October 19, 1990) was an Indigenous Canadian dancer and actor of Cree descent from Brochet, Manitoba. He was the brother of playwright Tomson Highway, with whom he frequently collaborated during their time at Native Earth Performing Arts in Toronto, and the partner of actor and singer Micah Barnes.
Highway studied dance at the Toronto Dance Theatre, at the in Denmark, and at the Native Canadian Centre of Toronto. Highway helped to create the role of Nanabush in his brother's play The Rez Sisters (1986), and was the choreographer for Dry Lips Oughta Move to Kapuskasing (1989).
He died of AIDS-related causes in Toronto in 1990. His partner was singer Micah Barnes.
Native Earth Performing Arts started the René Highway Foundation in his memory.
Further reading
Scudeler, J. ' Fed by Spirits: Mamâhtâwisiwin in René Highway's New Song… New Dance' in Native American and Indigenous Studies, Vol. 3, No. 1 (2016), pp. 1–23, available at: https://www.academia.edu/32593127/Fed_by_Spirits_Mama_hta_wisiwin_in_Rene_Highways_New_Song_New_Dance.
References
External links
1954 births
1990 deaths
First Nations male actors
Canadian male stage actors
First Nations dancers
Canadian gay actors
AIDS-related deaths in Canada
People from Northern Region, Manitoba
Cree people
Male actors from Saskatchewan
LGBT dancers
LGBT First Nations people
20th-century Canadian male actors
Male actors from Manitoba
20th-century Canadian dancers
20th-century LGBT people
West Mangad is a village in Porkulam Panchayath. It is in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India. It is 5 km west to Kunnamkulam town and 1.5 km south to Pazhanji. St. Joseph's and St. Cyrils Higher Secondary School is situated in this village. There are two temples and a Christian church seen in surrounding of the village, many small scale companies are active now. The village is famous for its religious harmony. There is another village in Thrissur district with the same name, so it is commonly known as Pazhanji Mangad. There are three local celebrations in the village they are Mangad Temple pooram (On bharani day Kumba month-most probably march), Kottiyattumukk temple pooram, and Mangad church perunal. It comes under Porkulam grama panchayath and Kunnamkulam legislative assembly.
References
Villages in Thrissur district
Emil Rachev (Bulgarian: Емил Рачев; 9 April 1990 – 27 August 2018) was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
On 23 November 2009 Rachev made his professional debut for Beroe Stara Zagora in A Group in match against Minyor Pernik.
On 30 June 2017, after a season and half in Rozova Dolina Kazanlak and scoring 35 goals in 45 matches, he rejoined in Neftochimic Burgas in Bulgarian Second Professional League. Rachev suffered an injury during pre-season and was released in September without making a single appearance for the team.
Rachev died in his sleep on 27 August 2018 from a heart attack, just a few hours after a league match with Rozova Dolina Kazanlak
in Third League.
References
External links
1990 births
2018 deaths
People from Kazanlak
Bulgarian footballers
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora players
Neftochimic Burgas players
FC Pomorie players
Académica Petróleos do Lobito players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Association football midfielders
Jacket Lake is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Possessed by Fire is the first studio album by the German thrash metal band Exumer. It was released on 8 November 1986 through Disaster Records. The album was produced by Harris Johns at Music Lab Berlin.
Track listing
Personnel
Mem V. Stein – vocals, bass
Ray Mensh – guitar
Bernie Siedler – guitar, backing vocals
Syke Bornetto – drums
Harris Johns – producer
References
1986 albums
Exumer albums
Albums produced by Harris Johns
Disaster Records albums
The Journal of Planning Education and Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of planning. The editors-in-chief are Clinton J. Andrews and Frank Popper. The journal was established in 1981 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning. It focuses on topics such as planning practice, planning theory, and planning pedagogy and publishes articles reporting original and current research, commentaries, and book reviews.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 2.328, ranking it 16th out of 57 journals in the category "Planning & Development".
References
External links
Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning Official website
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1981
Business and management journals
Urban studies and planning journals
Plodoyagodnaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Bakalinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 189 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Plodoyagodnaya is located 5 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Urman is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Jagriti Hindu Vidyamandir is a school located at Howrah, West Bengal, India. The school is affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for Madhyamik Pariksha (10th Board exams), and to the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for Higher Secondary Examination (12th Board exams).
See also
Education in India
List of schools in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools in Howrah district
Educational institutions in India with year of establishment missing
The Dreadnoughts are a Canadian 6-piece folk-punk band from Vancouver. The band combines a wide range of European folk music with modern street punk. The band has six full-length albums and three EPs on various labels, and has played around 500 shows in around 30 countries. They also perform frequently as a traditional polka band at polka festivals, under the name "Polka Time!". Their performance peak was in 2010, when 180 shows were played.
History
The Dreadnoughts formed in 2006 in the Downtown Eastside area of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They released their first album, Legends Never Die, in 2007, followed by their second album, Victory Square, in 2009. They wrote Victory Square as a tribute to their home city of Vancouver, and as such, many of the songs on the album focus on places of importance to the bandmembers. The Dreadnoughts promoted the album by touring all over Canada and Europe in 2009, a tour which inspired much of the material on their 2010 album Polka's Not Dead. The tour was documented in a book by Adam PW Smith, who would later produce a mini-documentary about the band as well.
In late 2011, after producing Polka's Not Dead, the band announced an indefinite hiatus. However, they followed this by playing shows occasionally, such as annual Vancouver shows, a two-week European tour in January 2014, and two March gigs with Guttermouth in 2014. On November 11, 2017 they released their fourth full-length album Foreign Skies, a folk-punk concept album about the First World War. They followed this up with the acoustic album Into The North on November 15, 2019. Their most recent album, "Roll and Go", released on June 11, 2022.
Sound and influences
Noticeable influences in their sound include acts such as The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, Stan Rogers, Gogol Bordello, Goran Bregovic, and Rancid. The band commonly record and perform sea shanties, polkas and klezmer songs, and are also strongly influenced by English West Country folk music - in particular the Bristol folk band The Wurzels.
Their 2009 release, Victory Square, was ranked the 4th-best folk-punk release of 2009 by folk-punk magazine Shite N' Onions. Their previous release, Legends Never Die, was ranked #7 on the magazine's 2008 list. Multiple cross-Canada tours and European tours have helped to contribute to the band's steadily rising profile.
Other acts that have shared the stage with The Dreadnoughts include Stiff Little Fingers, The Cider Fecks, Swingin' Utters, Hepcat, The Real McKenzies, Goran Bregovic, IAMX, Okean Elzy, Talco, The Creepshow, Mad Sin, and Los Furios.
Current members
The Fang, Guitar and Vocals
Wormley Wangersnitch, Violin
Leroy "Slow Ride" McBride, Accordion and Vocals
Drew Sexsmith, Mandolin, Banjo and Vocals (sometimes known as the Dread Pirate Druzil)
Squid Vicious, Bass
The Stupid Swedish Bastard, Drums
Former members
Fire Marshall Willie, Bass; also, past member of The Brass Action
The Wicked Wench of the West, Bass
Shamus, best fiddle in the west
Discography
Studio albums
Legends Never Die – July 2007 (Golden Tee Records)
Victory Square - June 2009 (Stomp Records)
Polka's Not Dead - October 2010 (Stomp Records)
Foreign Skies - November 2017 (Self Released)
Into The North - November 2019 (Stomp Records)
Roll And Go - June 2022 (Stomp Records)
EPs
Cyder Punks Unite - July 2010, (Leech Redda)
Uncle Touchy Goes To College - July 2011 (Bellydrop Records)
Foreign Skies (B Sides) - January 2018 (Self Released)
See also
List of bands from Canada
References
External links
Stomp Records Page
Facebook Page
Myspace Page
2011 Mini-Documentary Film
Polka Never Dies Video shot in Poland during the 2011 European Tour
Folk punk groups
Musical groups from Vancouver
Canadian folk music groups
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in British Columbia
Gabriel Revel (Born on 10 May 1643 - Died on 9 July 1712) was a French painter.
Life
He was born in Château-Thierry, in a family of artists. He went to Paris, probably on the advice of Jean de La Fontaine. He joined the group of decorative artists working for Louis XIV, including François Verdier, Claude II Audran et François Bonnemer, on the Soleil-Royal. It is thought that he worked with Charles Le Brun at the Palace of Versailles.
Probably after a voyage to Italy, Revel was accepted into the Académie Royale on 31 January 1682 on the basis of his portraits of François Girardon and Michel Anguier. For the city of Dijon in 1688 he painted the ceiling of the Chambre des requêtes in the Parlement de Bourgogne, with an Allegory of Justice. Moving to Dijon in 1692 he produced a large number of historical paintings and portraits.
He died at Dijon.
People from Château-Thierry
1643 births
1712 deaths
17th-century French painters
French male painters
18th-century French painters
North Luwu Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It covers 7,502.58 kim2 and had a population of 287,606 at the 2010 census and 322,919 at the 2020 census, comprising 163,168 males and 159,751 females. The principal town lies at Masamba.
Administrative districts
North Luwu Regency in 2010 comprised eleven administrative Districts (Kecamatan), but subsequently four further districts have been added by the division of existing districts. These fifteen districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 census and the 2020 census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, and the numbers of administrative villages (7 urban kelurahan and 166 rural desa) in each district.
Notes:(a) the 2010 population of the new Sabbang Selatan District is included in the figure for Selatan District. (b) the 2010 population of the new Baebunta Selatan District is included in the figure for Baebunta District. (c) the 2010 population of the new Sukamaju Selatan District is included in the figure for Sukamaju District. (d) the 2010 population of the new Tanalili District is included in the figure for Bone-Bone District.
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Rattray Park is a recreational and a modern amusement park located in Kumasi in the capital city of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
History
The park was constructed by the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly in its bid to restore Kumasi as the Garden City of West Africa. It was inaugurated by the President of Ghana John Dramani Mahama and the Asantehene Otumfuo Nana Osei Tutu II along with the Kumasi Mayor Kojo Bonsu on June 20, 2015.
Etymology
The park was christened Rattray to honour Captain Robert Sutherland Rattray, a Scottish who was the Assistant Colonial Secretary in the Gold Coast and clerk to the Legislative Assembly of Accra in 1919.
Facilities
The park's facilities include an artificial lake, a golf cart, WiFi connection, children's playground, a gym and a 6 square meter dancing fountain which is the first of its kind in the country. There are also other amenities such as restaurants and cafeterias.
References
Parks in Ghana
Dušan Tadić (, ; born 20 November 1988) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a forward or attacking midfielder and captains both Eredivisie club Ajax and the Serbia national team.
Tadić spent his youth at hometown club AIK Bačka Topola and Vojvodina, eventually playing in the UEFA Europa League with the latter. After two seasons with Groningen he joined Twente in 2012, where he earned a move to Southampton of the Premier League. After four years in England, he returned to the Netherlands in 2018, when he joined Ajax.
Tadić has over 80 caps for Serbia, having made his international debut in 2008, and represented the country at the Olympics in that year, as well as the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Club career
Vojvodina
Dušan Tadić grew up honing his skills within the youth ranks of his hometown's club known as AIK Bačka Topola. Eventually he signed a professional contract with Vojvodina and played his first competitive matches in the Meridian SuperLiga at the age of 18. While playing for Vojvodina, he gained invaluable experiences playing against great top-flight teams (even against Atlético Madrid) and playing almost four full seasons without any major injuries or incidents. His potential in big European games was displayed in the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League qualifying phase when he scored a goal against Austria Wien when he was only 20 years old.
Groningen
In 2010, Vojvodina sold Dušan Tadić to Groningen for the equivalent of €1.23 million. On 8 August 2010, Tadić made his official debut for the club in an Eredivisie match against Ajax, playing the full match and providing the assist for Tim Matavž's goal in a 2–2 home draw. On 18 December 2010, Tadić scored his first goal for Groningen, against Excelsior in a 2–2 away draw. On 30 January 2011, he scored twice and provided one assist in a 1–4 away league win over Heerenveen. Tadić finished the 2010–11 season with 7 goals, and 22 assists in 41 matches. He had the third highest number of assists in Europe for the 2010–11 season. Only Mesut Özil (26) and Lionel Messi (25) registered more assists.
He played for Groningen from 2010 to 2012, before being transferred to Twente.
Twente
On 10 April 2012, it was announced that Tadić had signed for Twente in a €7.7 million move from Groningen. In his debut game on 12 August 2012, he scored two goals against his former club. He finished his debut season as the team's second-highest scorer with 16 goals in all competitions, two less than Nacer Chadli. In the following season, Tadić again scored 16 goals across all competitions, being the team's top scorer.
Southampton
Tadić became the first signing under new Southampton manager Ronald Koeman on 8 July 2014, signing on a four-year deal. He joined for an undisclosed fee, thought to be £10.9 million. He made his competitive debut on 17 August in their first game of the Premier League season, playing 74 minutes of a 2–1 defeat at Liverpool before being substituted for fellow debutant Shane Long. Tadić assisted Southampton's goal through a one-two with goalscorer Nathaniel Clyne.
He scored his first Southampton goal on 23 September with a penalty against Arsenal in a 2–1 League Cup victory at Emirates Stadium. His first league goal for the club came in an 8–0 trouncing of Sunderland on 18 October, in which he assisted four others, equalling the Premier League record for the most assists in a single match.
On 13 December, Tadić had a penalty saved by Tom Heaton as Southampton went on to lose 1–0 away to Burnley. He scored in a 2–0 win over Arsenal on 1 January 2015, and ten days later scored the only goal as Southampton defeated Manchester United at Old Trafford and rose into third position at their expense. This marked Southampton's first league victory at Old Trafford since 1988.
Tadić scored twice in a 3–0 win against Norwich City on 30 August 2015 for the Saints' first league win of the season.
He scored another brace in a 4–2 win over relegated Aston Villa on 23 April 2016. In the next game, he provided three assists in a 4–2 win over Manchester City, becoming only the fourth player to achieve three or more assists in more than one Premier League game.
Ajax
Tadić signed for Dutch club Ajax in June 2018. Ajax paid a transfer sum of €11.4 million, which could reach €13.7 million based on variables.
On 5 March 2019, Tadić's goal, two assists and man-of-the-match performance helped knock Real Madrid out of the last 16 of the Champions League, as Ajax unexpectedly won 4–1 at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium. The Spanish side had won the previous three Champions League titles and had beaten Ajax 2–1 in the first leg in Amsterdam. Tadić's performance in the game resulted in him becoming the ninth player ever to receive a 10/10 rating from the French football newspaper, L'Equipe. The signing of Tadić was seen by some pundits as the single biggest reason for Ajax's improvement in the 2018–19 season.
On 23 April 2019, Ajax defeated Vitesse in an Eredivisie match by a score of 4–2; the four goals scored by Ajax secured their position as the first Dutch team in history to score 160 goals across all competitions in a single season. Through 51 games played at the time, Tadić had directly contributed to 53 of the club's goals in all competitions: 34 goals and 19 assists.
Tadić would eventually go on to lead Ajax to the Champions League Semi-Finals, while earning a spot on the UEFA Champions League Squad of the Season. He would also be nominated for the 2019 Ballon d'Or, and at the ceremony on 2 December 2019, it was announced that he finished in 20th place.
On 2 May 2021, Ajax were crowned Dutch league Champions. Tadić had the honor of being awarded Dutch Footballer of the Year.
International career
Tadić was a regular member of Serbia's under-19 and under-21 teams, taking part at both the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship and the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Championship. He also represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, appearing in all three group stage matches.
Tadić was first named in the Serbia national squad in 2008, aged 20. It was not until 2011 that he became a regular fixture in both the squad and the team, and was an integral part of the national side during Serbia's unsuccessful attempt to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil. Tadić scored his first senior goal for his country in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification game at home to Wales on 12 September 2012 in a 6–1 victory, coming on the occasion of his eighth full cap.
Tadić was one of Serbia's most influential players during the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifications, scoring four goals and helping them win their group. In June 2018 he was selected in the 23-man squad for the final tournament, playing all three group stage matches.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Serbia's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Tadić goal.
Honours
Vojvodina
Serbian Cup runner-up: 2009–10
Southampton
EFL Cup runner-up: 2016–17
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2018–19, 2020–21, 2021–22
KNVB Cup: 2018–19, 2020–21
Johan Cruyff Shield: 2019
Individual
Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Season: 2009–10
Groningen C1000 Player of the Year: 2010–11
Eredivisie Team of the Year: 2013–14, 2018–19, 2020–21
Eredivisie Top Assists: 2010–11, 2013–14, 2018–19 (shared with Hakim Ziyech), 2019–20, 2020–21, 2021–22
Eredivisie Top Scorer: 2018–19 (shared with Luuk de Jong)
Serbian Player of the Year: 2016, 2019, 2021
UEFA Champions League Squad of the Season: 2018–19
UEFA Europa League Squad of the Season: 2020–21
Ajax Player of the Year (Rinus Michels Award): 2020–21
Dutch Footballer of the Year: 2020–21
References
External links
Dušan Tadić at Voetbal International
Dušan Tadić at Just-Football.com
1988 births
Living people
People from Bačka Topola
Serbian footballers
Association football midfielders
FK TSC Bačka Topola players
FK Vojvodina players
FC Groningen players
FC Twente players
Southampton F.C. players
AFC Ajax players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Eredivisie players
Premier League players
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Olympic footballers of Serbia
Serbia international footballers
Footballers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in England
Ski jumping at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics was held at the Lysgårdsbakken in Lillehammer, Norway from 16 to 18 February.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
Qualification
Each nation could send a maximum of 2 athletes (1 boy and 1 girl). The top scoring teams of the Marc Hodler Trophy Ski Jumping at the 2015 Junior Nordic World Ski Championships plus the hosts Norway were allowed to send the maximum of 2 athletes. Any remaining quota spots were distributed to nations not already qualified, with a maximum of one boy or girl from one nation. The quota limit was 45. The allocation of quotas is listed below.
Qualification summary
References
External links
Results Book – Ski jumping
2016 Winter Youth Olympics events
2016 in ski jumping
2016
Ski jumping competitions in Norway
Christ, the Messenger was a lecture delivered by Swami Vivekananda in Los Angeles, California in January 1900. In the same year, the lecture was published as a book by The Vedanta Centre, Boston. In his lecture, Vivekananda attempted to analyze the life and messages of Jesus through Vedanta.
Synopsis
In his lecture, Vivekananda has compared the entire human existence to an ocean, where an individual's life is like waves. He has compared human lives with the waves rising on the ocean, and then falling down. Jesus is like a big wave that comes very rarely. Vivekananda called Jesus "The great soul, the Messenger."
Lecture
Vivekananda had negative and positive things to say about Christianity. He based his arguments on his Hindu philosophy of Vedanta which was that there was only one reality in the world which was the Brahman which subsumes the core aspects of the human being, the Atman. He said that in Christ the most profound knowledge is made available to us, which is the identity of human beings and God.
Vivekananda said that the land where he was born, in a race which was the land of the Jews, was in strife with stagnation and suffering and due to differences between Pharisees and Sadducees. This caused "about the very impetus which came out at the other end as the gigantic brain of Jesus of Nazareth." The land was in the Asian region, which has lofty mountains touching the sky and large swathes of desert land.
Vivekananda looked at Jesus Christ from the prescriptive of an Orientalist as He was born in the region of Asia and thus called Jesus as an "Oriental of Orientals," though his physical features of blue eyes and yellow hair was a picture presented by Europeans. He made a comparison of the two religious beliefs of the west and the east - the former as a Greek culture of politics dominated by God of human passions. While the culture of the east was for what is beyond that which exists. All divine prophets were oriental, like Jesus. Jesus was practical in the oriental sense.
Vivekananda, in his lecture, as an analogy, drew attention to the wise sayings of Krishna, the Hindu god, from the Bhagavad Gita that: "Wherever thou findeth a great soul of immense power and purity struggling to raise humanity, know that he is born of My Splendour, that I am working there through him," and said that in addition to finding God in Jesus of Nazareth, let us find Him through all those prophets, the man-Gods, he preceded, succeeded or yet to follow Jesus, as they are all reincarnations of the same God whom we all hold in great reverence.
Vivekananda emphasized that it was essential to worship God as man, and such a god man was Christ and hence not to give up his worship as "all our ideas of God are concentrated there". However, he mentioned the drawback of Christianity as their refusal to consider other reincarnations of God in other religions. Buddha before Christ was a reincarnation of God and like him there were many more.
Vivekananda spoke that Jesus's message to all was to pursue the ideal and achieve it in one's own way, irrespective of whether one gives credit for His teachings or not. Religion is not traded like a shop owner. What is taught by Jesus is only truth, which is nobody's proprietorial right. "Truth is God Himself."
In his "oeuvre" Vivekananda said that Christ was "intensely practical" and offered a practical religion. A significant reference made by Vivekananda was to the saying from the Bible (Mathew 8:20, Luke 9:58) to stress the message that renouncing worldly matters is the way to salvation: "Foxes have holes and birds of the air have nests, but the son of Man has no place to lay his head."
Publication
The lecture was first published as a book by The Vedanta Centre, Boston, in 1900. It was also included in The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda Volume IV. The publication is based on the stenographic records of his lectures delivered in Los Angeles in January 1900 to a large audience of Christians.
References
Bibliography
Swami Vivekananda lectures
Religious perspectives on Jesus
1900 non-fiction books
Classic yoga books
Books about Jesus
Books of lectures
Kensworth is a village and civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England. The parish is located on the edge of Dunstable Downs, and includes the hamlets of California and Kensworth Lynch.
The parish was originally located in Hertfordshire but was transferred to Bedfordshire in 1897. Today the village contains a primary school, a village hall, 2 churches, 2 shops and 1 pub. Kensworth Chalk Pit is a working quarry and is the biggest employer in the parish. The pit is owned and mined by Cemex, but has also been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest by Natural England.
The Church of St Mary is located in the village. Kensworth Parish Council administers some local services and facilities in the parish, including a village recreation ground and a provision of allotments. The council has 9 members who are elected every 4 years.
Governance
The parish of Kensworth was originally part of Hertfordshire. When district councils were created under the Local Government Act 1894, Kensworth was included in the Markyate Rural District, which covered the parts of the Luton Poor Law Union that were within Hertfordshire. The 1894 Act also created elected parish councils, with Kensworth Parish Council taking over the civil functions of the parish vestry on 13 December 1894.
Shortly afterwards, proposals to rationalise the border between Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire were made, which included transferring Kensworth to Bedfordshire. An inquiry was held at Luton in February 1896, when there were objections from Kensworth Parish Council, which wanted to stay in Hertfordshire, and from Hertfordshire County Council, which felt that it was losing too much rateable value in the proposed transfers. Despite their opposition, the scheme went ahead, with the changes taking effect on 30 September 1897, when Kensworth became part of the Luton Rural District in Bedfordshire.
The Luton Rural District was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, which saw Kensworth becoming part of South Bedfordshire on 1 April 1974. South Bedfordshire District Council and Bedfordshire County Council were both abolished in 2009. The parish of Kensworth has formed part of the unitary authority of Central Bedfordshire since 1 April 2009.
References
External links
Kensworth timeline
Kensworth Parish Council
Villages in Bedfordshire
Civil parishes in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
Aaron Pitchkolan (born March 14, 1983, in Aurora, Colorado) is a retired American soccer player and coach.
Career
College
Pitchkolan played high school soccer at Regis Jesuit High School in Aurora. He also featured for club sides Real Colorado and Cherry Creek Lightning and his local Olympic Development team. He began his college career at University of Tampa where he played in 19 games as a freshman and helped the team win the NCAA Division II championship. Pitchkolan transferred to West Virginia University where he played in 54 games scoring 11 goals over three seasons. In the college offseason, Pitchkolan played in the USL Premier Development League for Boulder Rapids Reserve.
Professional
Pitchkolan was bypassed in the 2005 MLS SuperDraft and had to wait until the second round of the Supplemental Draft to be selected. Pitchkolan appeared in his first MLS game on May 15, 2005, as a substitute for Carey Talley in a game against the Colorado Rapids. His first goal came a game later on May 22, 2005, in a 5–2 win against Chivas USA. In all, Pitchkolan played in 20 games scoring 3 goals in his first MLS season. In 2006, Pitchkolan featured in only 10 games, all as a substitute, and playing a total of 94 minutes for the first team. A highlight of his season was his stoppage time winner against the Kansas City Wizards on April 23, 2006, in a match that ended 3–2. In 2007, Pitchkolan made the transition to center back, a position he occasionally played in college. He made 16 appearances, 11 as starts, but did not score any goals. In 2008, he played 21 games, starting in nine and scored one goal. He was used as cover for Dallas' veteran defender, Duilio Davino. Aaron was one of three players to be active for all 30 regular season games along with Kenny Cooper and Dominic Oduro. Pitch was left unprotected for the 2008 MLS Expansion Draft, but he was not selected.
On April 28, 2009, FC Dallas traded Pitchkolan to the San Jose Earthquakes for a conditional pick in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft, but was later put on waivers on March 4, 2010.
He subsequently signed for the Rochester Rhinos of the USSF Division 2 Professional League in April 2010. On February 25, 2011, it was announced that the Puerto Rico Islanders had acquired his rights from the Rhinos.
In January 2013, Pitchkolan was signed by Minnesota United FC. With a header to feed Lucas Rodriguez, Pitchkolan recorded the club's first assist on April 20 against FC Edmonton. The next week, he scored his first goal with Minnesota, a game-winner in a 3-2 victory at Atlanta. Pitchkolan scored two goals and contributed one assist in 2013, playing 1,665 minutes with 20 appearances for Minnesota. He was named to the NASL Best XI in 2013 for playing a key role on the defense and was selected to the NASL Team of The Week three times throughout the year.
Honors
Rochester Rhinos
USSF D-2 Pro League Regular Season Champions (1): 2010
Individual
USSF D-2 Pro League Best XI (1): 2010
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aurora, Colorado
Soccer players from Colorado
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Tampa Spartans men's soccer players
West Virginia Mountaineers men's soccer players
Colorado Rapids U-23 players
FC Dallas players
San Jose Earthquakes players
Rochester New York FC players
Puerto Rico Islanders players
San Antonio Scorpions players
Minnesota United FC (2010–2016) players
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
North American Soccer League players
FC Dallas draft picks
American people of Polish descent
American expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Puerto Rico
The 1978 Greenwich Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
May 1978 events in the United Kingdom
"Let It Go" is a song by English singer-songwriter James Bay. It was released in Europe on 15 September 2014 through Republic Records as the first single from Bay's second extended play of the same name. It was included on Bay's debut studio album Chaos and the Calm (2014). The song was written by Bay with Paul Barry and produced by Jacquire King. The Let It Go EP was released prior on 3 May 2014.
The song was re-released in March 2015 after "Hold Back the River" and in July 2015, has peaked at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart, beating its previous peak of 62 on 27 September 2014. In May 2015, "Let It Go" peaked at number 8 in Australia, whilst in New Zealand, the song debuted on June 15, 2015, at number 31, before climbing to number 24 the following week. A week after that, the song entered the top 10 of the chart, peaking at number 10. "Let It Go" is Bay's first song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, reaching number 16. A remix by Jack Steadman was released in 2015.
Usage in media
"Let It Go" was featured in the episode "For the Girl Who Has Everything" of the American TV series Supergirl, on the episode "Let Her Go" (season 6) of the TV series The Vampire Diaries, and the episode "Doubt Truth to Be a Liar" of the TV series The Royals season 2 and Remember Me by Allen Coulter. The song was also featured in the episode "The Great Pretender" on season 11 of Grey's Anatomy. The song was featured in chapter two of Jane the Virgin.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Let It Go" was first released onto YouTube on 23 March 2015 at a total length of four minutes and eighteen seconds.
Critical reception
Gregory Robson of AbsolutePunk said "Let It Go" was "a rising current of despondency, heartache and powerhouse vocals. Arguably one of the year's most heart-rendering songs, "Let it Go" is also the clearest example of who exactly Bay is, that is, supple instrumentation, gauzy textures and that ageless croon."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 debut singles
2014 songs
2010s ballads
Republic Records singles
Song recordings produced by Jacquire King
Songs written by Paul Barry (songwriter)
Songs written by James Bay (singer)
Rock ballads
James Bay (singer) songs
Hachiya Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 20 km2. The dam impounds about 7 ha of land when full and can store 631 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1975 and completed in 1978.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1978 establishments in Japan
Animal-borne bomb attacks are the use of animals as delivery systems for explosives. The explosives are strapped to a pack animal such as a horse, mule or donkey. The pack animal may be set off in a crowd; unsurprisingly, if this occurs, the animal usually does not survive.
Projects of bat bombs, dog bombs, and pigeon bombs, have also been studied.
Incidents
Afghanistan
In 2009, Taliban insurgents strapped an improvised explosive device to a donkey and let the donkey loose a short way from a camp of the British Armed Forces in Helmand Province.
In April 2013, in Kabul, a bomb attached to a donkey blew up in front of a police security post, killing a policeman and wounding three civilians. A government spokesman claimed insurgents were challenging the competence of the Afghan government prior to the 2014 withdrawal of the U.S. military.
Iraq
On 21 November 2003, eight rockets were fired from donkey carts at the Iraqi oil ministry and two hotels in downtown Baghdad, injuring one man and causing some damage.
In 2004, a donkey in Ramadi was loaded with explosives and set off towards a US-run checkpoint. It exploded before it was able to injure or kill anyone. The incident, along with a number of similar incidents involving dogs, fueled fears of terrorist practices of using living animals as weapons, a change from an older practice of using the bodies of dead animals to hold explosives. The use of improvised explosive devices concealed in animal's carcasses was also a common practice among the Iraqi Insurgency.
Lebanon
Malia Sufangi, a young Lebanese woman, was caught in the Security Zone in November 1985 with an explosive device mounted on a donkey with which she had failed to carry out an attack. She claimed that she had been recruited and dispatched by Syrian Brigadier-General Ghazi Kanaan who supplied the explosives and instructions on how the attack was to be carried out from his headquarters in the town of Anjer in the Bekaa Valley.
United States
In 1862, during the New Mexico Campaign of the American Civil War a Confederate force approached the ford at Valverde, six miles north of Fort Craig, hoping to cut Union communications between the fort and their headquarters in Santa Fe. About midnight, Union Captain James Craydon tried to blow up a few rebel picket posts by sending mules loaded with barrels of fused gunpowder into the Confederate lines, but the faithful old army mules insisted on wandering back toward the Union camp before blowing to bits. Although the only casualties were two mules, the explosions stampeded a herd of Confederate beef cattle and horses into the Union's lines, so depriving the Confederate troops of some much-needed provisions and horses.
In the Wall Street bombing of 1920, an incident thought to be related to the 1919 United States anarchist bombings, anarchists used a bomb carried by horse-drawn cart.
West Bank and Gaza Strip
June 25, 1995 – At approximately 11 a.m., a Palestinian rode a booby-trapped donkey cart to an Israeli army base west of Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip and detonated it. The Palestinian and the donkey were killed, but no soldiers were wounded. Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack. Three soldiers were treated for minor shock.
June 17, 2001 – A Palestinian man rode a bomb-laden donkey cart up to an Israeli position in the southern Gaza Strip and set off a small explosion. Israeli soldiers destroyed the cart, and no soldiers were wounded. The Palestinian man was captured by the soldiers.
January 26, 2003 – Palestinian fighters strapped a bomb to a donkey and then exploded it remotely on the road between Jerusalem and Gush Etzion. No humans were injured in the attack. PETA director Ingrid Newkirk wrote to PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat asking him to keep animals out of the conflict. PETA was criticized for not objecting to killing of humans in the context.
June 8, 2009 – Palestinian gunmen approached the Karni crossing between the Gaza Strip and Israel with several trucks and at least five horses loaded with explosive devices and mines. The gunmen fired on IDF troops who observed them, and at least four gunmen were killed in the ensuing battle. A previously unknown organization called "the army of Allah's supporters" (Jund Ansar Allah) claimed responsibility for the foiled attack. The IDF estimated that the gunmen had planned to kidnap an Israeli soldier.
May 25, 2010 – A small Syrian-backed militant group in the Gaza Strip blew up a donkey cart laden with explosives close to the border with Israel. According to a spokesman for the group, more than 200 kilograms of dynamite were heaped on the animal-drawn cart. The explosives were detonated several dozen meters from the border fence with Israel. The animal was killed in the blast but no human injuries or damage were reported.
July 19, 2014 - Hamas militants attempted to attack Israeli troops in Gaza with a bomb-laden donkey. IDF forces operating in the Rafah area near the Gaza-Egypt border located the donkey suspiciously approaching their position and were forced to open fire at it, causing the explosives to detonate.
Military
During World War II the U.S. investigated the use of "bat bombs", or bats carrying small incendiary bombs. During the same war, Project Pigeon (later Project Orcon, for "organic control") was American behaviorist B. F. Skinner's attempt to develop a pigeon-guided missile. The project was barely funded and was cancelled on the 8th of October 1944. They had also used incendiary bat bombs that were largely ineffective. At the same time the Soviet Union developed the "anti-tank dog" for use against German tanks. The anti-tank dog project mostly failed, as the dogs would be spooked by the noises and gunfire, as well as running under Russian tanks due to the dogs being trained with Diesel Tanks, as opposed to the German tanks, which ran on petrol. The Imperial Japanese Army had used dogs and other animals strapped with bombs to run into American lines during Iwo Jima and Okinawa.
More recently, Iran purchased several dolphins, some of which were former Soviet military dolphins, along with other sea mammals and birds, in what some have alleged to be an attempt by Iran to develop kamikaze dolphins, intended to seek out and destroy submarines and enemy warships. However, the animals are today on display at the Kish Dolphin Park, on Iran's resort island of Kish in the Persian Gulf. During the Cold War, the Soviet Navy trained dolphins to attach underwater explosives and beacons to ships and submarines at Object 825 GTS at Balaklava, Crimea.
See also
Animals in war
United States Navy Marine Mammal Program
References
Sources
Animal killing
Terrorism tactics
Cruelty to animals
Animals by use
The grey-headed babbler (Stachyris poliocephala) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
grey-headed babbler
Birds of Malesia
grey-headed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Singer Not the Song is a 1961 British drama film based on the 1953 novel of the same title by Audrey Erskine Lindop that was directed by Roy Ward Baker and filmed in Spain. It stars Dirk Bogarde, John Mills, and Mylène Demongeot.
Plot
A priest, Father Michael Keogh (John Mills), is sent by Rome to Quantana, a remote Mexican town which is under the control of a ruthless bandit, Anacleto Komachi (Dirk Bogarde). Anacleto is educated and intelligent, and is "down" on the Church, but he finds in Keogh a man he strangely admires and with whom he can have intelligent conversation. However, he does not allow this to distract him from his goal: to expunge the priest from his fiefdom at any cost.
Main cast
Dirk Bogarde as Anacleto Comachi
John Mills as Father Michael Keogh
Mylène Demongeot as Locha de Cortinez
Laurence Naismith as Old Uncle
John Bentley as Police Captain
Leslie French as Father Gomez
Eric Pohlmann as Presidente
Nyall Florenz as Vito
Roger Delgado as Pedro de Cortinez
Philip Gilbert as Phil Brown
Selma Vaz Dias as Chela
Laurence Payne as Pablo
Eileen Way as cigar-smoking woman
Lee Montague as taxi-driver
Production
Leo Genn bought the rights to the novel in 1954 to allow him to play the bandit.
Roy Ward Baker was required to direct the film under his contract with Rank. He tried to get out of it by suggesting Luis Buñuel as director but was unsuccessful.
Richard Burton was going to star in the film at one stage.
When the Rank Organisation insisted that John Mills play the priest, Dirk Bogarde became so incensed that he told director Roy Ward Baker, "I promise you, if Johnny plays the priest I will make life unbearable for everyone concerned". The film failed at the box office, but has since developed a cult following due to its camp homosexual context and over-the-top performance by Bogarde in black leather trousers.
Even though the story takes place in Mexico, the film was actually made in Alhaurín de la Torre, in Andalusia, Spain.
Mylène Demongeot declared in a 2016 filmed interview in Paris: "I was then shooting Upstairs and Downstairs at Shepperton Studios, the producers came by to offer me the part. I accepted immediately. I was later told that Charlton Heston had agreed upon doing it, his name was even in my contract. But when we arrived back in London to shoot, we've been told "Mr Heston no longer wants to do the film because the film shocks him", it might have been for other reasons... I was told Montgomery Clift would eventually do it, then that Marlon Brando was in talks to do it, I was therefore excited. But I saw coming up a charming little man, probably 1.60 m high man, kind, in his fifties with lovely blue eyes. But I said, is he really the man my character is supposed to be crazy about? The man whom Dirk Bogarde should be crazy [French: folle pour, tongue-in-cheek term to imply 'go gay for'] about? Uh sorry ... [Laughs]. I was about to quit but my agent told me "you'll do it anyways", so I grumbled the whole time. I struggled to project in emotional scenes with him the fact that I adored him. It proves that I am a good actress [Laughs]. He was a very good actor but I understand me, I was 23 at the time and he was an old man to me. The film remains as one of the first homosexual stories seen on screen."
Notes
External links
The Singer Not the Song at BFI Screenonline
1961 films
1961 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Roy Ward Baker
1960s English-language films
CinemaScope films
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films based on British novels
British Western (genre) films
Films about Catholic priests
Films set in Mexico
1961 drama films
Films with screenplays by Nigel Balchin
1960s British films
The North Arm Powder Magazine near Port Adelaide, South Australia was from 1858 to 1906 a secure storage facility for dynamite and gelignite to be used in the construction, mining and quarrying industries.
Location
It was in Gillman near Port Adelaide at the North Arm of the Port River only 9 m away from the North Arm Bridge and North Arm Road. The explosives were stored in the wooden and slated magazine building and in two dynamite hulks moored in Magazine Creek. One of them was a retired iron dredger, built around 1852, and the other was a former lighter. They were seen as a risk, if they should ever explode, because they were close to the new bridge and coastal settlements and inland towns.
Buildings
The North Arm Powder Magazine was built in 1858 by the government. The magazine was built as a lightweight structure on wooden poles due to its location at the tidal creek. Only later this became best practice to mitigate the secondary damage from an explosion by descending débris.
As it was close to urbanisation, it was suggested to abandon the site already a decade after it had been commissioned. It was taken out of service only in 1906, after its contents had been moved to the new Dry Creek explosives depot. The building was demolished in 1916 and no visible evidence remains.
References
Explosives
Gunpowder magazines
Ports and harbours of South Australia
1858 establishments in Australia
1906 disestablishments in Australia
Buildings and structures in Adelaide
The River Banwy is a river about long in Powys, Wales. It is a tributary of the River Vyrnwy.
The Banwy rises in the hills near the pass which takes the A458 road between Mallwyd and Welshpool. The river is called Nant Cerrig-y-groes at its source near Moel y Llyn. Then flowing east, it joins a number of lesser streams before reaching Pont Twrch near the village of Y Foel, at its confluence with the river Twrch. Two miles further on, it is joined by the river Gam, which flows down from the Nant yr Eira, between Y Foel and Llangadfan.
After flowing past the small village of Llanerfyl, the river meanders between hills of moderate altitude to reach a bridge at Llanfair Caereinion. For the last of its course it turns northwards through a narrow valley. 'Yr Hafesb' is its local name here. It passes Mathrafal, the seat and court of the kings of Powys. Its confluence with the Vyrnwy is near Newbridge.
References
External links
...
Banwy
1Banwy
Margaret Beaufort ( 1437 – 1474) was a daughter of Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset and Lady Eleanor Beauchamp.
Her maternal grandparents were Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick and his first wife Elizabeth Beauchamp, 4th Baroness Lisle. Elizabeth was daughter of Thomas de Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley and Margaret de Berkeley, 3rd Baroness Lisle, becoming the main heiress of her mother.
Marriages
Margaret's father led forces loyal to the House of Lancaster in the First Battle of St Albans (22 May 1455) against his main rival Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York. Henry Stafford followed his father-in-law into battle. Margaret's father was killed; her husband, Stafford, was wounded. Margaret could no longer count on the support of her father. She became a widow when her husband died of plague three years later.
Ancestry
Sources
Weir, Alison. Britain's Royal Families: The Complete Genealogy. London: Vintage Books, 2008. .
1420s births
1474 deaths
British courtesy countesses
Margaret Beaufort, Countess of Stafford
15th-century English women
15th-century English people
Daughters of English dukes
Roland Walter Schmitt (July 24, 1923 – March 31, 2017 ) was an American physicist, business executive and the sixteenth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He was born on July 24, 1923, in Seguin, Texas to Walter L. Schmitt and Myrtle F. (Caldwell) Schmitt. On June 2, 1951, he married Alice V. Calhoun (b. February 12, 1930) and they had two sons: Lorenz (b. 1952) and Brian (b. 1954). Alice died on July 17, 1956. He later married Claire F. Kunz (b. July 11, 1928 d. July 11, 2017) on September 19, 1957; they had two children: Alice (b. 1958) and Henry (b. 1961).
He graduated from the University of Texas with a B.S. in physics and a B.A. in mathematics, both in 1947 and a master's degree in physics in 1948. He received a P.h.D. in physics from Rice University in 1951. He then joined General Electric as a research associate and remained with the company until his retirement in 1988. From 1978 to 1986, he directed the General Electric Research and Development Center in Schenectady, New York. In 1982, he was appointed senior vice president.
From 1988 to 1993, he was president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. During his tenure, he oversaw a $200 million fundraising campaign and saw the addition of new degree programs and research centers. He served as a member of the National Science Board from 1982 to 1994, and as chairman from 1984 to 1988. In January 2000, he was appointed by New York State Governor George Pataki as chairman of the board of the New York State Office Of Science, Technology and Academic Research. In 1978, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering and received the Arthur M. Bueche Award from the NAE in 1995. He was a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the 1989 recipient of the IEEE Engineering Leadership Recognition Award, the 1988 recipient of the Maurice Holland Award and 1989 recipient of the IRI Medal, both from the Industrial Research Institute, and the 1992 recipient of the IEEE Founders Medal. He was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Physical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. From 1993 to 1998 Schmitt was the Chair of the Governing Board of the American Institute of Physics.
Schmitt died in March 2017, aged 93.
References
External links
1923 births
2017 deaths
University of Texas at Austin College of Natural Sciences alumni
Rice University alumni
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute faculty
Presidents of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
People from Seguin, Texas
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Town Square Las Vegas is an open-air shopping, dining, office, and entertainment center development on in Enterprise, Nevada, United States, on Las Vegas Boulevard. Town Square is owned by Plant Holdings North America, Inc. with TSLV LLC and managed by Fairbourne Properties, LLC, and encompasses of retail and of office space. The center opened on November 14, 2007.
History
Ground was broken in May 2005 by Marnell Corrao Associates, the project contractor. Town Square was designed by Development Design Group, Alan J. Mayer Architect and Marnell Corrao. Town Square was previously occupied by a road connector that connected Interstate 15 northbound traffic to Las Vegas Boulevard and vice versa (it was removed in the 1990s as part of the Las Vegas Beltway construction, where the connection has since been relocated), while its southeastern portion was previously occupied by the Vacation Village hotel and casino.
The complex includes 26 buildings featuring 79 different facades depicting old-world and contemporary architecture from around the world. It also includes a Children's Park, 6,500 sq ft Town Square Park and the 12,000 sq ft natural grass park called The Green at Town Square.
Town Square features more than 120 stores, including H&M, Apple, Guitar Center, Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie & Fitch, Sephora, and Lucky Brand Jeans, as well as anchors The Container Store and Whole Foods Market, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5th and LOOK Style Society. Also included is a Raider Image team store for the Las Vegas Raiders.
An 18-screen AMC Theatres movie theater, GameWorks, and over 20 restaurants; including Yard House, Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, Tommy Bahama, California Pizza Kitchen, Brio Tuscan Grille and Blue Martini Lounge complete the center.
Town Square Las Vegas host nearly 70 different community events annually, including their signature Hop & Shop Easter Festival, Movies in the Square, Town Scary Halloween, and Santa's Arrival Parade.
An existing Fry's Electronics store sat adjacent to the property. However, in February 2021 the company announced that the Town Square location as well as all of their retail stores were closing for good due to complications caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Border Books & Music closed in 2011 and was replaced by The Container Store & Saks OFF 5TH.
While Allegiant Stadium was under construction, the soon-to-be Las Vegas Raiders had a 7,500-square-foot stadium preview center at Town Square, featuring interactive exhibits, team memorabilia, and simulations of views from individual seats and a large-scale stadium model.
References
Shopping malls in the Las Vegas Valley
Shopping malls established in 2007
Buildings and structures in Enterprise, Nevada
Pedestrian malls in the United States
Compiere (pronounced KOM-pyeh-reh, "to accomplish, complete, fulfill" in Italian) is an open-source ERP and CRM business solution for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SME) in distribution, retail, service and manufacturing. Compiere is distributed by Consona Corporation and through a Partner Network, who are a collection of trained and authorized business partners.
Compiere was founded in 1999 by Jorg Janke and was among the top 10 projects in SourceForge from 2002 for 4 years reaching one million downloads and 100 partners in 2006.
In 2006, Compiere, Inc. raised venture capital from New Enterprise Associates
with the goal of transforming the successful open source ERP project into a growing and sustainable commercial open source business. In 2007, the company added new executives, revamped engineering and support processes, and expanded its sales and services channels
. The Compiere product line expanded to include Professional, Enterprise and Cloud Editions while the company continued to maintain the open source foundation as Community Edition
.
Like many commercial ventures built around open source projects, there was a degree of contention between company management (who sought to monetize the investments in R&D, Services and Support) and voices from the community (who desired that Compiere source code and business processes remained free and open as Adempiere at that moment and iDempiere some years later). On June 16, 2010, Consona acquired Compiere, Inc. Terms of the deal were not disclosed
.
The application and source code are provided based on the GNU General Public License version 2; this comprises the Community Edition. Also available for a fee is a Professional Edition with more features, a commercial license, documentation and support contracts.
Functionality
Compiere encompasses ERP functionality, but in order to avoid the duplication of information and fulfill the need for synchronization, it was organized in a different way. Compiere modules are: Quote to Cash, Requisition-to-Pay, Customer relationship management, Partner Relations Management, Supply Chain Management, Performance Analysis, Warehouse, Double-entry bookkeeping, Work-flow-Management and Web Store. A manufacturing module is being developed within an independent project CMPCS (see external links section).
Architecture
Compiere is a Model Driven Architecture development, deployment and maintenance framework designed with the intention of following changes as business evolves. At any time, customers can change the information structure, adjusting to new information needs. Compiere provides multiple views of business information based on the detail of the actual transactions. This structure allows flexibility and integration of supplemental external information. And since information is presented as views (using Compiere's MVC architecture), they can be changed to meet the needs of the business.
Compiere is entirely based on the concept of Active Data Dictionary (ADD). Compiere Data Dictionary contains definitions of a data entity (type, validation, etc.), how it is displayed (label on screens and reports, help, display sequence and position relative to other fields), and the display rules. It also contains security and access rules.
Compiere has been developed with Java EE.
Database independence
Compiere has been criticized for not being a pure open source product because of its dependence on Oracle database (including the free Oracle XE); this is changing now, since version 2.5.2 Compiere is database independent to some extent. The project has released a Database Kit for porting Compiere to multiple databases. PostgreSQL, MySQL and Sybase ports are in Beta status. Compiere can also be run under the Firebird database using the Fyracle extensions, without porting.
Taking advantage of the Database Kit to create a port for the Apache Derby database the ER/Box project provides an integrated all-Java, all open source Compiere distribution. In addition to the Apache Derby database port ER/Box is also capable of running on PostgreSQL.
Compiere also works with the open source alternative to Oracle database, EnterpriseDB. User documentation is still offered on a fee-based accessibility.
Translations
Language Available Through
Arabic Community
Bulgarian Community
Catalan Community
Croatian Community
Chinese (simplified) Community
Chinese (traditional) Community
Danish Community
Dutch Web Store
Farsi Community
Finnish Community
French Web Store
German Web Store
Indonesia Bahasa Community
Italian Web Store
Malay Community
Romanian Community
Russian Community
Spanish Web Store
Thai Community
US English Included
Vietnamese Community
Releases
See also
Comparison of CRM systems
iDempiere, Adempiere, metasfresh, Openbravo (Compiere source code family)
List of free and open source software packages
spin-offs
Adempiere: Disagreement between a component of the Compiere user community and Compiere, Inc. resulted in the creation of this spin-off Open Source project. The primary point of dispute was a belief by members of the user community that Compiere, Inc. had ignored the contributions and concerns of community members. Their claim was that the continuing direction of the product was driven mainly by Compiere, Inc.'s venture capital partners and not the user community at-large.
metasfresh - originally based on ADempiere, developed in Germany.
iDempiere also known as OSGI + ADempiere. It modularized the code through the OSGi framework so it allows a plugin architecture. Today it is the ERP project driven by the most widespread, active and open community (not backed by a single company).
Openbravo ERP
References
Free customer relationship management software
Free ERP software
Business software for Linux
Free software programmed in Java (programming language)
William Louis Sonntag Sr. (1822–1900) was an American landscape painter.
Life and work
Born near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1822, he traveled to Cincinnati, Ohio, at the age of 21 and perfected his technique. Becoming an established and highly regarded landscape artist, he began making trips to Florence, Italy in 1853. Several of these trips were made with his friend Robert Seldon Duncanson.
In 1856, Sonntag permanently moved to New York to become a leading painter of Romantic landscapes of several scenes from his travels in Italy. Sonntag was a member of the group known as the Hudson River School. Some of his paintings go beyond the movement to a grandiose expression of Manifest Destiny.
There is strong evidence that several of Sonntag's pieces were scenes he had seen from photographs only. Grand Canyon, Yellowstone River, Wyoming, for example, is a landscape that Sonntag never traveled to. It is most likely based on a photograph taken by Frank Jay Haynes of the canyon in 1885.
His son, William Louis Sonntag Jr. (1869–1898), was also a painter, and an illustrator.
Gallery
References
External links
American Paradise: The World of the Hudson River School, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Sonntag Sr. (see index).
Artwork by William Louis Sonntag
American landscape painters
1822 births
1900 deaths
Artists from Pennsylvania
Artists from Cincinnati
Hudson River School painters
19th-century American painters
American male painters
19th-century American male artists
Anne Pressly (August 28, 1982 – October 25, 2008) was an American news anchor for KATV Channel 7 in Little Rock, Arkansas. She was born in Beaufort, South Carolina and grew up in Greenville. She moved to Little Rock during her high school junior year when her mother remarried. On October 20, 2008, she was brutally attacked during a robbery at her home and died five days later.
Biography
After earning her B.A. in Political Science from Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee, Pressly was hired at KATV in May 2004 to produce Good Morning Arkansas and report for MidDay Arkansas and Saturday Daybreak. She was promoted to a full-time reporter position in November, 2004.
A chance encounter with a casting director while working on a story helped her land a small role as Candice Black, a conservative commentator, in Oliver Stone's 2008 film W.
Attack and death
Anne Pressly was found at 4:30 a.m. on October 20, 2008, a half-hour before she was due to appear on the station's Daybreak program. Little Rock police were alerted by her mother, Patricia Cannady, when Pressly did not answer her wake-up call. Cannady found Pressly unresponsive in her bed with injuries sustained to her head and upper body consistent with a beating. She had been raped, her left hand had been broken, and her face had been crushed beyond recognition. The attacker took her laptop computer, her handbag with a credit card, and little else.
Robbery
Little Rock Police Department spokesman Cassandra Davis said police did not believe that she was intentionally targeted, but robbery was the suspected motive after her purse was discovered missing. Her credit card was used at a service station several miles away, sometime after Cannady had discovered her daughter.
Pressly owned two cocker spaniels and it was theorized the attacker gained entrance to her home via a dog door.
Hospitalization and death
Pressly was hospitalized at St. Vincent Infirmary Medical Center and died five days later on October 25, 2008.
On the evening of her death, Pressly's mother and stepfather released a statement:
Memorial service and reward
A memorial service for Pressly was scheduled for October 30, 2008. KATV set up a reward fund for information on Pressly's murder and the fund exceeded $50,000. Her family requested that either contributions be made to the fund or a scholarship fund established in her name.
Pressly's alma mater, Rhodes College, expressed a desire to honor her by either establishing a memorial, setting up a scholarship, or supporting her favorite charity.
Perpetrator
On November 26, 2008, police in Little Rock, Arkansas arrested Curtis Lavelle Vance for the murder of Pressly. On November 11, 2009, Vance was convicted of capital murder, residential burglary, rape and theft of property.
Police believe Vance committed a crime of opportunity, and they found no link between Pressly's public profession and her attack
. The following day, he was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
After Vance's sentencing, an interview was being conducted outside the courtroom with David Bazzell, a local radio personality and a friend of Pressly. Bazzell stated that he felt justice had been carried out. Vance's enraged mother was standing nearby and overheard the comment, shouting at Bazzell, "No it wasn't! No it wasn't! My son is innocent! No justice here today!" DNA evidence had proven that Vance was Pressly's rapist and attacker.
The Arkansas Supreme Court rejected Vance's appeal on June 2, 2011.
Vance was also charged with the rape of Kristen Edwards on April 21, 2008 at her home in Marianna, Arkansas. Before he fled, the rapist stole her cell phone and charger, a video and $3 – all the cash she had with her at the time. Vance was subjected to a swab test for his DNA and all 16 genetic markers the test compared matched the DNA recovered from the semen in Edwards's rape. During the trial, Vance admitted under questioning that he had been inside Edwards's home on the morning of the rape, although he claimed that it was because "there were mobs roaming the streets in Little Rock" that morning and he was afraid. Despite his admission of being in the victim's home, her being brutally raped that morning, and the statistically negligible chance of his DNA matching anyone else's, the jury was hung, resulting in a mistrial.
References
External links
News.AOL.com - TV Anchorwoman Attacked in Her Home
Unknown Anne Pressly Killer America's Most Wanted Case File
American film actresses
American television news anchors
Journalists killed in the United States
Murdered American journalists
People from Greenville, South Carolina
People from Little Rock, Arkansas
People murdered in Arkansas
Deaths by beating in the United States
1982 births
2008 deaths
2008 murders in the United States
American women television journalists
Incidents of violence against women
Female murder victims
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American women
History of women in Arkansas
The following is a timeline of the presidency of Joe Biden during the first quarter of 2021, beginning from his inauguration as the 46th president of the United States on January 20, 2021, to March 31, 2021. To navigate between quarters, see timeline of the Joe Biden presidency. For the Q2 timeline see timeline of the Joe Biden presidency (2021 Q2).
Timeline
January 2021
February 2021
March 2021
See also
Presidential transition of Joe Biden
First 100 days of Joe Biden's presidency
List of executive actions by Joe Biden
List of presidential trips made by Joe Biden (international trips)
Timeline of the 2020 United States presidential election
References
2021 Q1
Presidency of Joe Biden
January 2021 events in the United States
February 2021 events in the United States
March 2021 events in the United States
Articles containing video clips
Political timelines of the 2020s by year
Somerset Live is a website covering news, entertainment and sport in Somerset and nearby areas in Dorset and Wiltshire. It is owned by Reach plc (formerly Trinity Mirror), with headquarters in Yeovil.
The Somerset Live website moved onto a new platform in March 2017, and subsequently took over the websites of additional regional daily newspapers.
It operates as the website for a number of local newspapers, including:
Bath Chronicle
Blackmore Vale Magazine
Central Somerset Gazette
Cheddar Valley Gazette
Frome Standard and Somerset Guardian
Shepton Mallet Journal
Wells Journal
Western Gazette
References
Newspapers published in Somerset
English websites
British news websites
Newspapers published by Reach plc
Greenshot is a free and open-source screenshot program for Microsoft Windows. It is developed by Thomas Braun, Jens Klingen and Robin Krom and is published under GNU General Public License, hosted by GitHub. Greenshot is also available for macOS, but as proprietary software through the App Store.
Greenshot's feature set mainly targets project managers, testers and developers.
It is used to create full or partial screenshots. The captured screenshot can be annotated and edited using the built-in image editor before exporting it either to an image file, email attachment, printer or clipboard.
By March 2012, Greenshot was available in 33 languages; most of the translations have been contributed by users.
Features
Screenshots
Greenshot offers several modes for creating a screenshot:
"Capture region" allows selecting an area of the screen by dragging a green rectangle to the desired position and size.
"Capture last region" is used to re-capture exactly the same area that was captured before.
"Capture window" creates a screenshot of the active or a selected window (depending on the user's settings).
"Capture fullscreen" captures the complete screen(s).
"Capture Internet Explorer" allows creating a scrolling capture of websites that are larger than the browser window when opened in Internet Explorer.
Image editor
If the user needs to add annotations, highlightings or obfuscations to the screenshot the built-in image editor can be used. Greenshot's image editor is a basic vector graphics editor; however, it offers some pixel-based filters.
It allows drawing basic shapes (rectangles, ellipses, lines, arrows and freehand) and add text to a screenshot. Special filter tools are present to highlight text or an area, as well as obfuscating tools (blur / pixelize) which can be used to wipe out sensitive data from a screenshot.
Each tool comes with its set of settings, e.g. line color and thickness or an option to drop a shadow.
Export for further use
Using the image editor is optional, all export options are available from its top toolbar and menu. However the user can configure Greenshot to skip this step and pass the screenshot to other destinations directly. Options are copying the image to the clipboard as Bitmap, sending it to a printer, saving it to the file system (using a user-defined pattern for the filename) or attaching it to a new e-mail message. Since version 1.0 a destination picker is available to select the export destination dynamically after every screenshot, along with several plugins for specialized export to third-party applications (e.g. Microsoft Office programs, Paint.NET) and platforms (e.g. Dropbox, JIRA).
Downloads
By July 2014 the program has been downloaded over 5 million times from SourceForge and almost 2 million downloads were counted in 2013. As of July 2014, The CNET download page counted a total of more than 110,000 downloads. In addition, Greenshot is also available for download at other software portals like Softpedia and Softonic.com.
Reviews
CNET.com staff has rated version 1.0 of Greenshot 5 of 5 stars, highlighting the possibility to select destinations dynamically and the "surprisingly sophisticated" image editor. Techworld.com concludes that "there are more powerful screen capture tools around" but still gave 4 of 5 stars for Greenshot's "general ease of use". Nick Mead of Softonic also emphasizes the program's easiness as well as the possibilities for annotation and configuration, but criticizes unneeded visual effects when doing the screen capture, rating Greenshot 7 of 10.
References
External links
Screenshot software
2010 software
Free software programmed in C Sharp
Software using the GPL license
The city of Faridabad has a number of education facilities.
Colleges
Lingaya's University
Manav Rachna University
National Institute of Animal Welfare
National Power Training Institute (NPTI)
Rai Foundation Engineering College
YMCA University of Science and Technology
Schools
Carmel Convent School, Sector 7D, Faridabad
DAV Public School (Dayanand Anglo Vedic Public School), Ballabhgarh, Faridabad
DAV Public School (Dayanand Anglo Vedic Public School), Sector 49, Faridabad
DAV Public School, Sector 37, Faridabad
Delhi Public School, Sector 19, Faridabad
Eicher School, Sector 46, Faridabad
Faridabad Model School, Sector 31, Faridabad
Holy Child Public School. Sector 29, Faridabad
Modern Vidya Niketan
Ryan International School
SOS Hermann Gmeiner School, Sector 29, Faridabad
Vidya Sanskar - International School for Holistic Learning, Village Bhopani
The Modern School, Faridabad. BPTP Parklands, Sector 85, Faridabad
See also
List of institutions of higher education in Haryana
External links
Top 10 Schools in Faridabad
References
Faridabad
Faridabad
Education in Faridabad
Haryana-related lists
"Pray" is a song performed by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. The song was written by Bieber along with Omar Martinez, and Adam Messinger and Nasri of The Messengers, with the latter duo producing the track. The song is taken as a single in several European countries from his first compilation album, My Worlds: The Collection. In the United States and Canada, the song is included on My Worlds Acoustic. According to Bieber, he was inspired by Michael Jackson's "Man in the Mirror" (1988) when writing the song. The song is a contemporary Christian song, using a world music backdrop. It primarily features acoustic instruments, but it does make minor usage of electronic sounds.
"Pray" received generally positive reviews, with critics appreciating the message portrayed in the song. It reached the lower half on the singles charts in Germany and Austria, and charted in several regions where it was not released as a single such as the United States and Australia. The song's music video premiered on Facebook on December 11, 2010. The video, which also has religious undertones, features clips of places affected by natural disasters, sick children, possessed homes, and more, which are intercut with Bieber performing. Bieber debuted and performed the song on the American Music Awards, accompanied by a full choir.
Background and composition
"PRAY" was written by Omar Martinez and Adam Messinger and Nasri Atweh of The Messengers. While Bieber was being interviewed by Ryan Seacrest on his radio show, Bieber talked about the song's initial writing stating the song was influenced by Michael Jackson, Bieber elaborated, "It's a very uplifting song, very motivational. It definitely comes from the heart. It's very beautiful. I definitely thought of Michael [Jackson's] 'Man in the Mirror' when I was writing it." The song was released as a CD single in Germany on December 3, 2010. "Pray" is a mid-tempo song that uses a "world-music beat" as a backing. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Group, "Pray" is set in common time with a tempo of 80 beats per minute. It is composed in the key of B major with Bieber's vocal range spanning from the low-note of F3 to the high-note of B4. The song follows in the chord progression of B/G–B/F–E–B.
Present throughout the song's background is the use of violins and a choir, as well as guitar, string instruments, congas and a cajon. However it does make subtle use of synths and electronic sounds. Musically and lyrically, it is influenced by Contemporary Christian music, and has a gospel feel. The song opens with Bieber singing, "And I pray" over a keyboard, while the song's chorus repeats one simple refrain, "I close my eyes and I can see a better day/ I close my eyes and pray." In the lyrics, Bieber "recognizes the pain and suffering in the world" and then offers "a passive solution" through lines such as "Children are crying / soldiers are dying / Some people don't have a home," before compromising, "I know there's sunshine beyond that rain / good times beyond that pain." Vocally, Bieber's vocals are sung in a lower key compared to previous singles.
Critical reception
The song received positive reviews from critics, who praised its message and composition. Referring to the song as a "junior varsity" take on "Man in the Mirror", Allison Stewart of Washington Post said, "as an indicator of the Bieb's awakening social consciousness, it's a good start." Melinda Newman of HitFix called the song a "lovely testament to the power of prayer," commenting that it was "for True Believers, not just True Beliebers" Calling it Bieber's "Man in the Mirror" moment, Newman also said while it did not have the "staying power or resonance of the Michael Jackson classic," she said the themes of how to effect change were the same. Lucy Jones of The Daily Telegraph noted the song as a recommended download from the album. Dan Savoie of Rockstar Weekly said the song "is a more advanced lyric and shows a more political side to the young singer, but the gospel feel of the song really works with his voice." Savoie went on to say "The song just moved Bieber from the category of pop child star to responsible young man." Monica Herrera of Billboard wrote that the song was "a treacly but well-meaning ballad that taps into Bieber's spiritual beliefs." Katie Amoroso of ReviewStream.com writes, "The song itself is less poppy and more natural than other Justin songs and shows strong musical talent. Many have commented that the song made them emotional...promotes deep thought on our impact on the world"
Chart performance
"Pray" was only released as a single in select European countries, and had moderate success. On the Belgian Flanders Tip chart, the song charted at number five, while on the Belgian Tip chart for Wallonia, the song charted at number fifteen. On the Austrian Singles Chart, "Pray" peaked at number sixty-five, spending a week on the chart. "Pray" debuted at fifty-one on the German Singles Chart, and spent eight weeks on the chart. Despite not being released as a single in these countries, due to sales after the digital releases of My Worlds: The Collection and My Worlds Acoustic, "Pray" debuted at number ninety-four on the Australian Singles Chart, and number 112 on the UK Singles Chart. It also debuted at number ninety-one in the US Billboard Hot 100 and reached number sixty-one the following week.
Music video
In the music video, Bieber highlights several social injustices around the world. Clips are shown from footage of earthquake-torn Haiti, a suffering post-Hurricane Katrina New Orleans and Bieber himself visiting sick children in hospital beds. More scenes feature military soldiers being reunited with their families, and homes being possessed because families cannot pay mortgage. The video is intercut with scenes of Bieber performing. Like the song itself, the video also includes religious undertones, including the video ending with the quote, "God speaks in the silence of the heart. Listening is the beginning of prayer." Bill Lamb of About.com likened the video to the saying, "There are times when putting pictures to the words does indeed make a song more powerful than simply listening to the track." Calling the video "outstanding for the holiday season" Lamb said the theme of "bringing hope and joy into the lives of others" related to "the celebrations that bring all of us together in hope for a brighter future for our world."
Live performance
"Pray" debuted and was performed for the first time at the 2010 American Music Awards. The performance opened with Bieber sitting playing the piano while singing. Midway through the performance Bieber arose from the piano and took center stage, he was accompanied by a choir singing background vocals. The performance was ended with Bieber kneeling singing the song's title, the performance was greeted by standing ovation from the audience. Despite Bieber's significant voice crack during the performance, it received a generally positive reception. According to Jocelyn Vena of MTV News Bieber, "threw in that showmanship that's made him famous." Thomas Conner of Chicago Sun-Times noted Bieber as the standout performance of the night, saying it was proof that he could sing, besting "the wavering pitches" of Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
Justin Bieber songs
2010 singles
Contemporary Christian songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Adam Messinger
Songs written by Nasri (musician)
Island Records singles
Songs written by Justin Bieber
2010 songs
2010s ballads
Contemporary R&B ballads
Fran Davis is a Cypriot international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Davis was selected as part of the two woman team by Cyprus for the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Avonhead, Christchurch, New Zealand.
She won a pairs silver medal with Linda Ryan, at the 2015 Atlantic Bowls Championships held in her home country and she has won nine titles at the Cypriot National Championships.
References
Living people
Cypriot bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Daniel Cartier (born June 25, 1969) is an American songwriter, singer and actor.
Background
Cartier grew up in Exeter, New Hampshire, where he played in goth and punk bands as a teenager. In 1991, he moved to New York City, where he began as a performer in subway stations before playing in nightclubs. He produced two albums on his own label, one of which (The Subway Session) was in fact recorded in the subway station. Finally, he signed a contract with Elton John's music label Rocket Records, for whom he recorded the album Avenue A in 1997.
After being dropped by Rocket in 1998 following a corporate takeover, Cartier briefly moved to Los Angeles. He then suffered a nervous breakdown, and left the music business for a time before reemerging in 2004 with the independent albums Revival and Wide Outside. The albums were recorded at his new home recording studio in the Cape Cod area of Massachusetts.
In 2005 he appeared as main character in the experimental and controversial film Flirting with Anthony, directed by Christian Calson.
Daniel is out as gay.
Discography
The Troubadour of Avenue A
Live from New York: The Subway Session (1996)
Avenue A (1997)
Revival (2004)
Wide Outside (2004)
You and Me are We (2006)
This Christmas (2010)
Redemption (2010)
Exeter (2015)
References
External links
Daniel Cartier
1969 births
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
American singer-songwriters
American male film actors
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
American gay musicians
American gay actors
LGBT people from New Hampshire
20th-century American male singers
21st-century American male singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
In ancient Egypt, a rope stretcher (or harpedonaptai) was a surveyor who measured real property demarcations and foundations using knotted cords, stretched so the rope did not sag. The practice is depicted in tomb paintings of the Theban Necropolis. Rope stretchers used 3-4-5 triangles and the plummet, which are still in use by modern surveyors.
The commissioning of a new sacred building was a solemn occasion in which pharaohs and other high-ranking officials personally stretched ropes to define the foundation. This important ceremony, and therefore rope-stretching itself, are attested over 3000 years from the early dynastic period to the Ptolemaic kingdom.
Rope stretching technology spread to ancient Greece and India, where it stimulated the development of geometry and mathematics.
See also
Gromatici
Surveying
Trigonometry
References
The New Encyclopædia Britannica, Encyclopædia Britannica 1974
James Henry Breasted Ancient Records of Egypt, Part Two, Chicago 1906
Joel F. PAULSON, "Surveying in Ancient Egypt,", FIG Working Week 2005 and GSDI-8, Cairo, Egypt April 16-21, 2005.
External links
surveying instruments
proportions "The knowledge of pleasing proportions of the rope stretchers was incorporated by the Greeks"
Sangaku and The Egyptian Triangle
Ancient Egypt
Ancient Egyptian technology
Surveying
Egyptian inventions
ROKS Park Wi (SS-065) is the fourth ship of the Jang Bogo-class submarine of the Republic of Korea Navy, and was the third submarine to serve with the navy. She is one of Jang Bogo-class submarines to be built in South Korea.
Development
At the end of the 1980s the South Korean navy started to improve its overall capability and began to operate more advanced vessels. South Korea purchased its first submarines, German U-209 class in its Type 1200 subvariant, ordered as the Jang Bogo class. These boats are generally similar to Turkey's six Atilay-class submarines, with German sensors and weapons.
The first order placed late in 1987 covered three boats, one to be completed in Germany and the other two in South Korea from German-supplied kits. There followed by two additional three-boat orders placed in October 1989 and January 1994 for boats of South Korean construction. The boats were commissioned from 1993 to 2001.
The older boats were upgraded, it is believed that the modernization included a hull stretch to the Type 1400 length, provision for tube-launched Harpoon missiles and the addition of a towed-array sonar.
Construction and career
ROKS Park Wi was built and launched on 31 May 1994 by Daewoo Shipbuilding. She was acquired by the navy on 30 August 1995 and be commissioned 31 August 1995.
RIMPAC 2018
ROKS Park Wi, ROKS Dae Jo-yeong and ROKS Yulgok Yi I participated in RIMPAC 2018. RIMPAC 2018 took place from June 27 to 2 August 2018.
See also
Type 209 submarine
References
External links
Ships built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
Attack submarines
Jang Bogo-class submarines
1994 ships
Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise is a 2007 independent documentary film that captures rocker Meat Loaf and his life in rehearsals and on the road during his 2007 World Tour. It was directed by Bruce David Klein and produced by Bruce David Klein and Paulina Vera Williams by Atlas Media Corp. in association with Voom HD Pictures and 10th Street Entertainment. The film was an official selection of the Montreal World Film Festival in 2007 and of the USA Film Festival in 2008. In Europe, the film was included in the 3 Bats Live DVD. According to Allmovie, "as the stage show gets more and more involved, the singer battles ongoing health concerns."
The film was theatrically released in 75 cities in the U.S. and Canada on March 12, 2008. The premiere was held at New York City's IFC Center. The New York Times called the film "amusing," and Variety said it was "revealing." It is now available on DVD from Universal and can be seen on television worldwide.
References
External links
Variety review of 'Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise'
New York Times review of 'Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise
Interview with Meat Loaf regarding the film 'Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise' on Cinematical.com
Documentary films about music and musicians
American documentary films
2007 films
Meat Loaf video albums
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Zhambyl District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Uzynagash. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
The Heidbrink is a hill which lies south of Lübbecke in central Germany and, at , is the highest peak in the Wiehen Hills. It is also the highest elevation in the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Its height is commonly given as 320 metres.
About 200 yards east of the summit is a transmission tower for television and radio links and a wayside hut for walkers. The mast has a paved access road from the B 239.
The summit of the Heidbrink itself is in a small open area and, until 2008, was marked by a boulder. Due to the surrounding high trees the view is blocked to the north; to the south can part of the Ravensberg Basin be seen.
The Ronceva rises on the western slope of the mountain. To the north are the peaks of the Reineberg, 276 m above sea level, and the Heidkopf, 273 m. The southern flank of the mountain drops steeply to the hamlet of Ahlsen-Reineberg in the municipality of Hüllhorst.
The ridgeway (Kammweg) passes over the top of the mountain. It forms the boundary between the town of Lübbecke and the municipality of Hüllhorst. The ridgeway runs as a footpath (the Wittekindsweg) along the Wiehen ridge from Osnabrück to Porta Westfalica, and links the Heidbrink with the Straußberg (276 m) in the east, and the Horsthöhe (275 m) and Kniebrink (315 m) in the west.
To mark the highest point on the Heidbrink a five-ton sandstone block with strong iron deposits, typical of the local Wiehen Hills, was set up on 24 May 2008. According to information boards by the TERRA.vita Nature Park, members of the Lübbecke marketing association (Stadtmarketingverein) and the municipal curator of Hüllhorst have marked the route to the "highest stone" with their own symbol. These are sometimes signposts, sometimes coloured markings, on wayside tree trunks. The symbol, the letter "H" on a hill symbol, is meant to be linked with the name and the appearance of the hill.
At the new summit stone are two tablets; the upper one describes the Heidbrink as the highest hill in the Wiehen range; the lower panel lists the sponsors of this marketing campaign.
The new summit stone is not in the same place as the old and rather less imposing summit stone, but about 20 metres east. The original stone was removed during the work to set up the new one. But it appears that the original spot had marked the exact peak, but was not so obviously recognisable from the main footpath.
References
External links
Description of the Heidbrink
Minden-Lübbecke
Mountains and hills of North Rhine-Westphalia
Lübbecke
Linda Thomas-Greenfield (born November 22, 1952) is an American diplomat who is the United States ambassador to the United Nations under President Joe Biden. She served as the U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs from 2013 to 2017. Thomas-Greenfield then worked in the private sector as a senior vice president at Albright Stonebridge Group in Washington, D.C.
President Biden nominated her to be the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, and she was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 23, 2021. She took office after presenting her credentials on February 25, 2021.
Early life and education
Thomas-Greenfield was born in Baker, Louisiana. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Louisiana State University in 1974, and a Master of Public Administration from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1975. During UW-Madison's spring 2018 commencement ceremony, Thomas-Greenfield was awarded an honorary Doctor of Law by Chancellor Rebecca Blank.
Career
Thomas-Greenfield taught political science at Bucknell University, before joining the Foreign Service in 1982.
She served as Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration (2004–2006), Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for African Affairs (2006–2008), Ambassador to Liberia (2008–2012), and Director General of the Foreign Service and concurrently as the Director of Human Resources (2012–2013). In addition, Thomas-Greenfield held foreign postings in Switzerland (at the United States Mission to the United Nations), Pakistan, Kenya, The Gambia, Nigeria, and Jamaica.
From 2013 to 2017, she served as the Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs in the United States Department of State's Bureau of African Affairs.
In 2017 she was terminated by the Trump administration as part of what was a "purge of senior State Department officials and career professionals over nearly four years", according to the Los Angeles Times.
Thomas-Greenfield is a non-resident fellow at Georgetown University, having been the distinguished resident fellow in African Studies from fall 2017 to spring 2019.
In November 2020, Thomas-Greenfield was named a volunteer member of President-elect Joe Biden's agency review team to support transition efforts related to the United States Department of State. , Thomas-Greenfield was on leave from a senior vice president position at Albright Stonebridge Group.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations
On November 24 2020, Biden announced his plans to nominate her as the next U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, and to include her in his cabinet and National Security Council.
She appeared before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on January 27, 2021. During the confirmation hearing on her nomination for U.N. ambassador, Thomas-Greenfield said she regretted giving a speech to a Beijing-backed Confucius Institute in 2019 when she was working for a private consulting firm. She largely agreed with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on international policies, raising concerns about the People's Republic of China's "malign force" and "debt traps and tactics" in Africa and beyond. In February 2021, it was reported that Senator Ted Cruz of Texas was delaying a committee vote on her nomination due to her 2019 comments on the People's Republic of China. Thomas-Greenfield has vowed to stand "against the unfair targeting of Israel" for Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions, saying that the movement "verges on antisemitism".
The committee favorably reported her nominations on February 4, 2021. Thomas-Greenfield was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 23, 2021, by a 78–20 vote to be the UN Ambassador; she was subsequently confirmed, by a vote of 78-21, to be the US representative to the General Assembly of the UN. She took office after presenting her credentials on February 25, 2021. She succeeded Ambassador Kelly Craft.
Tenure
Beginning on March 1, 2021, the United States became president of the United Nations Security Council; thus Greenfield became president of the council as head of the United States delegation. Her term ended on March 31, 2021. Her next term as President of the UNSC began on May 1, 2022, succeeding her UK counterpart, Barbara Woodward, who served as UNSC President for April 2022, in the middle of the continuing war in Ukraine by Russia, and ended on May 31, 2022, being succeeded by the Albanian ambassador, Ferit Hoxha, for June 2022.
Thomas-Greenfield accused the People's Republic of China of committing genocide against Uyghurs and of detaining more than one million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang internment camps. She said that the United States "will keep standing up and speaking out until China's government stops its crimes against humanity and the genocide of Uyghurs and other minorities in Xinjiang."
She expressed concern over reports of escalating ethnic tensions in Ethiopia's Tigray Region and urged peaceful resolution of the Tigray War between Ethiopia's federal government and the forces of the Tigray regional government.
Publications
See also
List of African-American United States Cabinet members
List of female United States Cabinet members
References
External links
Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield
|-
|-
|-
|-
1952 births
21st-century American diplomats
African-American diplomats
African-American members of the Cabinet of the United States
Ambassadors of the United States to Liberia
American women ambassadors
Assistant Secretaries of State for African Affairs
Biden administration cabinet members
Bucknell University faculty
Directors General of the United States Foreign Service
Living people
Louisiana State University alumni
Members of the Council on Foreign Relations
People from Baker, Louisiana
Permanent Representatives of the United States to the United Nations
Robert M. La Follette School of Public Affairs alumni
Women members of the Cabinet of the United States
21st-century American women
All of the 48 states of the United States of America plus several of its territories and the District of Columbia issued individual passenger license plates for the year 1949.
Passenger baseplates
Non-passenger plates
See also
Antique vehicle registration
Electronic license plate
Motor vehicle registration
Vehicle license
References
External links
1967 in the United States
1967
Edward Dowson may refer to two cricketers, who were father and son:
Edward Dowson (cricketer, born 1838) (1838–1922), Surrey cricketer
Edward Dowson (cricketer, born 1880) (1880–1933), Surrey and Cambridge University cricketer
Samuel "Sammy" Monsels (born 2 August 1953) is a Surinamese former sprinter and current athletics trainer. He competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. He is the brother of sprinter Eddy Monsels.
Athletics
Monsels grew up in Suriname and attended Mulo there. He came to the Netherlands in 1971 to compete in the Kingdom Games, and remained in the Netherlands to undergo training as a technical specialist. In Paramaribo, Monsels was a member of the 'Gazelle' athletics association.
In 1971 Monsels was Surinamese champion in the 100 metres and 200 metres at both the senior level (11.0 seconds and 22.3 seconds) and the junior level (11.0 and 22.5).
Between 1971 and 1983 Monsels won seven Dutch sprint championships in the 60 metres (indoor) and the 100 and 200 metres (outdoor). Representing the Netherlands, Monsels reached the final of the 60 metres at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships in Rotterdam, finishing fifth. In 1972 and 1976 he competed in the Olympic Games, representing Suriname, reaching the second round of the 100 metres and 200 metres on both occasions. In the late 1970s Monsels quit competitive athletics for a while, but returned in the early 1980s. In 1982 he represented Suriname at the Central American and Caribbean Games in Havana.
As late as 1990, Monsels competed in the Netherlands national indoor athletics championships in The Hague, finishing third in the 60 metres with a time of 6.89 seconds, behind Emiel Mellaard and Frank Perri.
Military
In 1974 Monsels was a tank driver in the Royal Netherlands Army. In 1975 he returned to Suriname from the Netherlands as the country became independent. He became a sports instructor in the Suriname National Army. After the 1980 coup, he received a promotion and became sports chief in the Surinamese army. In 1983, he acted as an intermediary between strongman Dési Bouterse and the exiled former President Henk Chin A Sen. In 1987 he left the Surinamese army and moved to the Netherlands.
Singer
In 1988, Monsels released a reggae-pop single called "No Bombs, No Guns, All We Need Is Peace And Harmony".
Trainer
In 1992, Monsels founded Atletiek Vereniging Bijlmer, an athletics club in Bijlmermeer and was trainer and president of the association until 1997. Then in 1999 he founded Continental Sport, another athletics club in the area. He again was trainer and president.
December murders
In 2002, after questioning by Surinamese judge Albert Ramnewash, Monsels said he was in Fort Zeelandia on 8 December 1982 but was not involved in the killings.
Netherlands championships
Outdoor
Indoor
Personal records
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Dutch male sprinters
Surinamese male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Suriname
Competitors at the 1982 Central American and Caribbean Games
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Royal Netherlands Army personnel
Surinamese military personnel
December murders
20th-century Surinamese male singers
Athletics (track and field) coaches
Neophrida porphyrea is a species of snout moth in the genus Neophrida. It was described by Whalley in 1964, and is known from French Guiana.
References
Moths described in 1964
Tirathabini
This is a list of members of the Australian House of Representatives from 1993 to 1996, as elected at the 1993 federal election.
Notes
Labor member John Kerin resigned in December 1993; Labor candidate Mark Latham won the resulting by-election on 29 January 1994.
Labor member John Dawkins resigned in February 1994; Labor candidate Carmen Lawrence won the resulting by-election on 12 March 1994.
Labor member Neal Blewett resigned in February 1994; Labor candidate Martyn Evans won the resulting by-election on 19 March 1994.
Liberal member Jim Carlton resigned in January 1994; Liberal candidate Bronwyn Bishop won the resulting by-election on 26 March 1994.
Liberal member Michael MacKellar resigned in February 1994; Liberal candidate Tony Abbott won the resulting by-election on 26 March 1994.
Liberal member Andrew Peacock resigned in September 1994; Liberal candidate Petro Georgiou won the resulting by-election on 19 November 1994.
Labor member Ros Kelly resigned in January 1995; Liberal candidate Brendan Smyth won the resulting by-election on 25 March 1995.
Liberal member John Hewson resigned in February 1995; Liberal candidate Andrew Thomson won the resulting by-election on 8 April 1995.
References
Members of Australian parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
Sunsundegui is a bus and coach manufacturer based in Alsasua, Spain.
History
The company namesake is businessman José Sunsundegui, who founded the company in the Basque Country town of Irún in 1944. Sunsundegui initially started out as a rolling stock repair workshop for Renfe, the Spanish state railway company. This practice continued until the 1980s, when Renfe began to open their own engineering workshops and ceased to use Sunsundegui's services; the company changed focus as a result, launching their first production coach, the Sunsundegui Korinto, in 1987. In 2017, Sunsundegui moved into a €5.5 million new factory in Alsasua.
The first model to see significant export success was the Sunsundegui Sideral, which was exported to the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland in large numbers in the early to mid-2000s. In the late 2010s and early 2020s, the Sunsundegui SB3 and SC5 were ordered in large numbers by Bus Éireann, Go-Ahead Ireland and Ulsterbus for intercity bus services on the island of Ireland; Israel also emerged as another strong export market for the company. Translink Ulsterbus ordered 30 tri-axle Sunsundegui SC5-bodied Volvo B11R coaches for intercity routes in September 2019, followed by a further 30 identical vehicles in September 2020 for Goldline services.
Sunsundegui produced 462 buses and coaches in 2019; by 2022, exports to other countries made up 86% of Sunsundegui's total production. Sunsundegui received a loan of €8.9 million from the provincial government of Navarre in May 2022, after struggling through the COVID-19 pandemic due to a reduced demand for new vehicles. Prior to the pandemic, Sunsundegui employed 550 people; this reduced to 250 employees by March 2022, although plans were in place to begin new recruitments. After being granted the loan, Sunsundegui announced their intention to commence construction of electric vehicles from 2024.
Models
Sunsundegui have predominantly produced high-floor coaches throughout their history, diversifying into low-floor city bus models in the late 2010s.
Current
SB3 – intercity bus, avaliable in low entry and high floor versions, available in several chassis. Replaced the Astral.
SB3 Go – new version of the SB3, only avaliable in high floor with Volvo B8R chassis.
SC5 – coach available in different chassis and lenghts. Replace the Sideral.
SC7 – luxury and higher version of the SC5, also available in different chassis and lenghts.
Former
Astral – replacement for the Interstylo introduced in 2004. It was available in low entry, and articulated versions.
Astral Via - low floor version of the Astral. It was only available with Volvo B9L chassis and MAN A22-nl283f.
Interstylo – intercity bus. Also available in articulated and low entry.
Citystylo - low floor version of the Interstylo. Available with MB O405N2, Volvo B10L and MAN NL202F (only in EMT Madrid).
Korinto – the first Sunsundegui coach, launched in 1987.
Sideral – touring coach that replaced the Vardino, launched in 2000.
Stylo – touring coach that replaced the Korinto.
Vardi – articulated version of the Vardino.
Vardino – touring coach introduced at Seville Expo '92.
References
Bus manufacturers of Spain
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1944
Companies based in Navarre
Spanish brands
Binibining Pilipinas 1995 was the 32nd edition of Binibining Pilipinas. It took place at the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines on March 12, 1995.
At the end of the event, Charlene Gonzales crowned Joanne Santos as Binibining Pilipinas Universe 1995, Caroline Subijano crowned Reham Snow Tago as Binibining Pilipinas World 1995, and Alma Concepcion crowned Gladys Dueñas as Binibining Pilipinas International 1995. Caroline Pobre was named First Runner-Up, and Margaret Laing was named Second Runner-Up.
Results
Color keys
The contestant was a Semi-Finalist in an International pageant.
The contestant did not place.
Special Awards
Contestants
39 contestants competed for the three titles:
Notes
Post-pageant Notes
Joanne Santos did not place in Miss Universe 1995 in Windhoek, Namibia. However, she was appointed to represent the Philippines in Miss Tourism International 1997 and won.
Reham Snow Tago did not place in Miss World 1995 in Sun City, South Africa. On the other hand, Gladys Dueñas was chosen as one of the 15 semifinalists in Miss International 1995 in Tokyo, Japan.
Jewel May Lobaton competed again at Binibining Pilipinas 1998, and was awarded as First Runner-Up. Later, Tisha Silang resigned as Binibining Pilipinas-Universe 1998 due to citizenship issues and was replaced by Lobaton. Lobaton competed in Miss Universe 1998 in Honolulu, Hawaii but was unplaced. Nena Ann dela Peña also competed at Binibining Pilipinas 1998, but was unplaced.
Esabela Cabrera competed in Mutya ng Pilipinas 1997 and was crowned as Mutya ng Pilipinas-Asia Pacific 1997. Later that year, Cabrera was asked to resign due to speculations that she is married and is also pregnant. She competed again at Binibining Pilipinas 1998 and was one of the semifinalists until she was appointed as Second Runner-Up after Elsie Sicat, the Second Runner-Up, assumed the First Runner-Up position that was previously awarded to Jewel May Lobaton.
References
1995
Albert Christian Vigfusson Deildal (May 8, 1894 – October 19, 1971) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.
Deildal played for the Victoria Senators in the Victoria City Senior League from 1920 until 1922. Deildal joined the Victoria Cougars of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association for one game in the 1922–23 season.
References
1894 births
1971 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Victoria Cougars (1911–1926) players
Orac is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
The Venerable Percy Harris Bowers (1856–1922) was an eminent Anglican priest in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Bowers was born at Swinton, Lancashire, and baptised 30 July 1856. He was educated at The Forest School and St John's College, Cambridge, graduating from BA in 1880. Ordained in 1880, he was Rector of Market Bosworth from 1886 and then Rural Dean of Sparkenhoe; and an Honorary Canon of Peterborough from 1913. He was the second Archdeacon of Loughborough and Warden of the Mission Clergy of the Diocese of Peterborough.
Notes
1856 births
People educated at Forest School, Walthamstow
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Archdeacons of Loughborough
1922 deaths
Anne de Deyster (died 1747) was an artist from Bruges, specialised in history painting. She was trained by her father, Louis de Deyster, whose biography she wrote. She died on 14 December 1747.
References
1747 deaths
Artists from Bruges
18th-century Flemish painters
Komanos (, ) is a village located southeast of Ptolemaida, in Kozani regional unit, within the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 660 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630. At the 2011 census, the population was 107.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
A waveguide flange is a connector for joining sections of waveguide, and is essentially the same as a pipe flange—a waveguide, in the context of this article, being a hollow metal conduit for microwave energy. The connecting face of the flange is either square, circular or (particularly for large or reduced-height rectangular waveguides), rectangular. The connection between a pair of flanges is usually made with four or more bolts, though alternative mechanisms, such as a threaded collar, may be used where there is a need for rapid assembly and disassembly. Dowel pins are sometimes used in addition to bolts, to ensure accurate alignment, particularly for very small waveguides.
Key features of a waveguide join are; whether or not it is air-tight, allowing the waveguide to be pressurized, and whether it is a contact or a choke connection. This leads to three sorts of flange for each size of rectangular waveguide.
For rectangular waveguides there exist a number of competing standard flanges which are not entirely mutually compatible. Standard flange designs also exist for double-ridge, reduced-height, square and circular waveguides.
Pressurization
The atmosphere within waveguide assemblies is often pressurized, either to prevent the ingress of moisture, or to raise the breakdown voltage in the guide and hence increase the power that it can carry. Pressurization requires that all joints in the waveguide be airtight. This is usually achieved by means of a rubber O-ring seated in a groove in the face of at least one of flanges forming each join. Gasket, gasket/cover or pressurizable flanges (such as that on the right of figure 2), are identifiable by the single circular groove which accommodates the O-ring. It is only necessary for one of the flanges in each pressurizable connection to be of this type; the other may have a plain flat face (like that in figure 1). This ungrooved type is known as a cover, plain or unpressurizable flange.
It is also possible to form air-tight seal between a pair of otherwise unpressurizable flanges using a flat gasket made out of a special electrically conductive elastomer. Two plain cover flanges may be mated without such a gasket, but the connection is then not pressurizable.
Electrical continuity
Electric current flows on the inside surface of the waveguides, and must cross the join between them if microwave power is to pass through the connection without reflection or loss.
Contact connection
A contact connection is formed by the union of any combination of gasket and cover flanges, and ideally creates a continuous inner surface from one waveguide to the other, with no crack at the join to interrupt the surface currents. The difficulty with this sort of connection is that any manufacturing imperfections or dirt or damage on the faces of the flanges will result in a crack. Arcing of the current across the crack will cause further damage, loss of power, and may give rise to arcing from one side of the guide to the other, thereby short circuiting it.
Choke connection
A choke connection is formed by mating one choke flange and one cover (or gasket/cover) flange. The central region of the choke flange face is very slightly recessed so that it does not touch the face of the cover flange, but is separated from it by a narrow gap. The recessed region is bounded by a deep choke trench (or ditch or groove) cut into the face of the flange. Choke flanges are only used with rectangular waveguide, and are invariably pressurizable, having a gasket groove encircling the choke ditch. The presence of these two concentric circular grooves makes choke flanges easily recognizable. The left-hand flange in figure 2 is a choke flange.
It is considered wrong to join together two choke flanges; the resulting gap between the flange faces is twice that intended, and the effect is similar to that of having two joins in the guide rather than one. In the absence of unpressurizable choke flanges, all flanges fall into one of three categories: choke, gasket/cover and cover.
An E-plane cross-section of an assembled choke connection is shown in figure 3. This is the plane cutting each of the broad walls of the waveguide along its centre-line, which is where the longitudinal surface currents—those that must cross the join—are at their strongest. The choke ditch and the gap between the flange faces together form a somewhat convoluted side-branch to the path of the main guide. This side branch is designed to present a low input impedance where it meets the broad walls of the waveguide, so that the surface currents there are not obstructed by the gap, but instead flow onto and off of the separated faces of the flanges. Conversely, on the outer edge of the choke ditch, at the point where the two flanges come into physical contact, the ditch presents a high series impedance. The current through the contact point is thus reduced to a small value, and the danger of arcing across any crack between the flanges is likewise reduced.
Theory
At the operational frequency of the choke flange, the depth of the ditch is approximately one quarter of a wavelength. This is somewhat longer than a quarter of the free-space wavelength, since the electric field also varies in going around the ditch, having two changes of polarity, or one complete wave in the circumference. The ditch thus constitutes a quarter-wave resonant short-circuit stub, and has a high (ideally infinite) input impedance at its mouth. This high impedance is in series with the metal-to-metal connection between the flanges, and minimizes the current across it. The distance from the main waveguide through the gap to the ditch is likewise one quarter of a wavelength in the E-plane. The gap thus forms a quarter-wave transformer, transforming the high impedance at the top of the ditch to a low (ideally zero) impedance at the broad wall of the waveguide.
Frequency dependence
Because the working of a choke connection depends on the wavelength, its impedance can be zero at at most one frequency within the operating band of the waveguide. However, by making the gap extremely narrow, and the choke ditch relatively wide, the input impedance can be kept small over a broad frequency band. For gap and ditch widths in a fixed proportion, the connection input impedance is approximately proportional to either width (doubling both widths is like having two connections in series). Increasing just the ditch width, increases its input impedance proportionately, and to a some extent decreases the transformed impedance, though the effect is limited when the gap-length is not exactly one quarter wavelength. The MIL-spec choke flanges have a gap width of between 2% and 3% of the waveguide height (the smaller inner dimension of the guide), which for WR28 waveguide (WG22) amounts to a gap of just 3 thousandths of an inch. The choke ditch in these flanges is some 8 times wider (around 20% of the waveguide height), although the proportions vary considerably, as the width-to-height ratio of the standard mid-size guides deviates from 2:1. MIL-spec choke flanges are intended for use over the full recommended operational frequency band of the waveguide (that is roughly from 1.3 to 1.9 time the guide cutoff).
History
Claimants to the invention of the choke connection include Norman Ramsey
with the assistance of Shep Roberts while the two were working at the MIT Radiation Lab during World War II. Winfield Salisbury also claims to have made the invention while leader of the Radio Frequency Group at the MIT Radiation Lab between 1941 and 1942. The invention was not patented.
Performance
Choke connections can achieve a VSWR of 1.01 (a return of −46 dB) over a useful bandwidth, and eliminate the danger of arcing at the join. Nevertheless, better performance is possible with a carefully made contact-connection between undamaged plain flanges.
Attachment to waveguide
Flanges are either through-mounted or socket-mounted on the end of the waveguide tube.
Through-mounting
In through-mounting, the waveguide tube passes all the way through to the front face of the flange. Initially the tube is allowed to protrude slightly beyond the face of the flange, then after the two pieces have been soldered or brazed together, the end of the tube is machined down so that it is perfectly level with the face. This type of construction can be seen in figures 1, 4 and 5.
Socket-mounting
In socket-mounting, the aperture in the front face of the flange matches the inside dimensions of the waveguide. At the back, the aperture is rabbeted to form a socket which fits onto the end of the waveguide tubing. The two pieces are soldered or brazed together to ensure an uninterrupted conducting path between the inside surface of the waveguide tube and the mouth of the flange. This type of construction can be seen in figure 2, and is shown diagramatically in figure 3. A variation on this is butt-mounting, in which the waveguide tube abuts the back face of the flange. The back of the flange has a number of protrusions, sufficient to align the tube, but without forming an unbroken socket-wall around it.
Socket mounting avoids the need to machine the face of the flange during attachment. For choke flanges this means that the depth to which the face is recessed, and the width of the resulting gap is fixed when the flange is manufactured and will not change when it is attached. MIL-spec choke flanges are socket-mounted.
Standards
MIL-spec
is a United States Military Standard giving detailed descriptions of choke, gasket/cover and cover flanges for rectangular waveguide. describes flanges for double-ridge waveguide, and formerly also for single-ridge guide.
MIL-spec flanges have designations of the form UG-xxxx/U where the x'''s represent a variable-length catalogue number, not in itself containing any information about the flange.
These standards are works of the U.S. government, and are freely available online from the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency.
IEC
International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) standard IEC 60154 describes flanges for square and circular waveguides, as well as for what it refers to as flat, medium-flat, and ordinary rectangular guides.
IEC flanges are identified by an alphanumeric code consisting of; the letter U, P or C for unpressurizable (plain cover), pressurizable (with a gasket groove) and choke (with both choke gasket grooves); a second letter, indicating the shape and other details of the flange and finally the IEC identifier for the waveguide. For standard rectangular waveguide the second letter is A to E, where A and C are round flanges, B is square and D and E are rectangular. So for example UBR220 is a square plain cover flange for R220 waveguide (that is, for WG20, WR42), PDR84 is a rectangular gasket flange for R84 waveguide (WG15, WR112) and CAR70 is a round choke flange for R70 waveguide (WG14, WR137).
The IEC standard is endorsed by a number of European standards organizations, such as the British Standards Institution.
EIA
The Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA) is the body that defined the WR designations for standard rectangular waveguides. EIA flanges are designated CMR (for connector, miniature, rectangular waveguide) or CPR (connector, pressurizable, rectangular waveguide) followed by the EIA number (WR number) for the relevant waveguide. So for example, CPR112 is a gasket flange for waveguide WR112 (WG15).
RCSC
The Radio Components Standardization Committee (RCSC) is the body that originated the WG designations for standard rectangular waveguides. It also defined standard choke and cover flanges with identifiers of the form 5985-99-xxx-xxxx where the x'''s represent a catalogue number, not in itself containing any information about the flange.
References
</references>
Microwave technology
Gonzalo Vázquez Vela (July 3, 1893 - November 7, 1963) was a Mexican politician. He was governor of Veracruz and became leader of the Secretariat of Public Education (SEP) in 1935.
References
1893 births
1963 deaths
Governors of Veracruz
20th-century Mexican politicians
Politicians from Mexico City
Mexican Secretaries of Education
Quantum Reality is a 1985 popular science book by physicist Nick Herbert, a member of the Fundamental Fysiks Group which was formed to explore the philosophical implications of quantum theory. The book attempts to address the ontology of quantum objects, their attributes, and their interactions, without reliance on advanced mathematical concepts. Herbert discusses the most common interpretations of quantum mechanics and their consequences in turn, highlighting the conceptual advantages and drawbacks of each.
Synopsis
Background
Following a brief summary of the experimental crises (such as the ultraviolet catastrophe) which motivated quantum theory, Herbert identifies four major formulations of quantum theory: Werner Heisenberg's matrix mechanics, Erwin Schrödinger's wave mechanics, Paul Dirac's transformation theory, and Richard Feynman's sum-over-histories formulation.
In introducing quantum objects (which he dubs "quons"), Herbert describes how quantum properties inhere in a wave function, which serves as a proxy for the measurement of these properties. He likens the quantum measurement process to mathematically treating the wave function as a summation of waveforms of a particular family, with various families corresponding to particular properties. The bandwidth of the spectrum of these waveforms represents the uncertainty in the quantum measurement. Herbert shows that for pairs of conjugate variables, such as position and momentum, these bandwidths are linked such that their product has a finite lower bound, thereby illustrating the basis of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle: any single property can be measured to arbitrary precision, but conjugate properties cannot simultaneously be known to arbitrary precision.
Herbert identifies two philosophical problems presented by quantum theory—the interpretation question, concerning the physical nature of the reality underlying observation; and the measurement problem, concerning the apparently special role of the measurement act in quantum theory, and various approaches to formally defining the measurement act.
Eight interpretations
Herbert identifies eight interpretations of quantum mechanics, all consistent with observation and with the aforementioned mathematical formalisms. He likens these different interpretations to the story of the blind men and an elephant—different approaches to the same underlying reality, which yield remarkably different (but often overlapping) pictures. The interpretations identified by Herbert are:
The Copenhagen interpretation, Part I ("There is no deep reality.") Most notably associated with Niels Bohr and Werner Heisenberg, Herbert identifies this as the most broadly accepted interpretation among physicists. In this interpretation, dynamic attributes do not describe the reality of quantum objects themselves, but inhere instead in the relationship between the observed object and the measurement device.
The Copenhagen interpretation, Part II ("Reality is created by observation.") In this variation of the Copenhagen interpretation, associated with John Archibald Wheeler, the reality of quantum attributes is created in the act of observation, as illustrated by the example of Wheeler's delayed choice experiment.
"Reality is an undivided wholeness." This interpretation, associated with David Bohm and Walter Heitler, suggests that the state of the entire universe may be implicated in any quantum measurement. Herbert highlights the apparent interaction of widely separated entangled particles, which may be represented by a single combined wave function, or "shared reality", in a high-dimensional configuration space.
The many-worlds interpretation. Devised by Hugh Everett, this interpretation does away with the conceptual problem of wave function collapse by supposing that all possible outcomes occur equally, in a constantly branching tree of parallel universes.
Quantum logic ("The world obeys a non-human kind of reasoning.") Associated with John von Neumann, Garrett Birkhoff, and David Finkelstein, this interpretation holds that quantum objects do possess innate attributes, but that the relationships between these attributes are governed by a non-distributive lattice, or "wave logic", unlike the Boolean lattice governing classical objects. In the example of the "three-polarizer paradox", two stacked, orthogonally-oriented polarizers will not allow any light to pass through (the meet of the sets of photons which will pass through each filter is null), yet the insertion of a diagonally-oriented polarizer between them allows some light to pass through the stack. The paradox can be understood by considering a polarized beam as a superposition, with diagonal components that interfere destructively.
Neorealism ("The world is made of ordinary objects.") Constructed by David Bohm and also associated with Louis de Broglie, this interpretation holds that quantum objects possess definite attributes, but that these attributes can change value instantly in response to events anywhere in the universe, with this information encoded in a physical pilot wave which must be able to travel faster than light. Other physicists attempted to construct object-based models which did away with this superluminal communication, but Bell's theorem later proved this to be impossible. For this reason, according to Herbert, neorealism is rejected by most of the physics establishment.
"Consciousness creates reality." First proposed by John von Neumann, this interpretation grants special status to conscious minds as the location of wave function collapse, in which the myriad possibilities of a quantum system are narrowed to one observed state. Unlike the Copenhagen interpretation, in which the observer selects which attribute will be seen to have a definite value but does not determine the value itself, von Neumann contended that the actual attribute value is determined in a collapse that occurs at the interface of the brain and the mind.
"The duplex world of Werner Heisenberg." Heisenberg recognized a division inherent in the Copenhagen interpretation, between the concrete actuality (phenomenon) of observations and the range of potentiality (noumenon) described by the wave function. In seeking to address the ontological nature of the unobserved world, he considered quantum theory to be not merely a successful mathematical analogy, but a literal description of the underlying reality. In Herbert's description of Heisenberg's view, the unobserved world is a world composed of possibility, qualitatively less real than the world of observed fact.
Bell's theorem and its implications
Adding a further wrinkle to the nature of quantum reality, Herbert presents the EPR paradox, and its resolution in the form of Bell's theorem. The EPR paradox, resting on the long-held assumption of locality, suggests the existence of "elements of reality"—unmeasured quantum attributes which are nonetheless real—which are not predicted by quantum theory. Bell's theorem resolves this paradox by proving that locality is ruled out by observation—that any model of reality consistent with observation must allow for non-local interaction. However, Herbert is careful to note, Bell's theorem does not entail any prediction of experimentally observable non-local phenomena, nor does it allow for superluminal communication.
Herbert then re-evaluates the aforementioned interpretations of quantum reality in light of Bell's theorem:
In the case of the Copenhagen interpretation, the "experimental arrangement" of observed entity and measurement device in which quantum attributes reside—considered by Bohr to be limited to the local interaction—must be expanded to include potentially distant objects with which these systems may be entangled.
According to Herbert, Bell's theorem supports the Bohmian notion of underlying reality as an undivided wholeness.
Although Herbert asserts that the many-worlds interpretation lacks the counterfactual definiteness required to prove Bell's theorem, he contends that the many-worlds view is inherently non-local, by any reasonable conception of locality.
In Herbert's view, Bell's result strikes a major blow to neorealist models, by showing that the ostensibly real pilot wave must violate Einstein's universal speed limit.
Herbert concludes that, although Bell's theorem does not preclude any of the aforementioned interpretations of quantum mechanics, it insists that any valid interpretation must allow for non-local interaction.
Reception
In its review of Quantum Reality, The New York Times praised Herbert's efforts at making the subject matter comprehensible to a lay audience. Physicist Heinz Pagels called Quantum Reality "a great place for the general reader to begin to learn about quantum physics". Kirkus Reviews, however, concluded that Quantum Reality, while engaging, may leave lay readers confused.
Post-anarchist writer Hakim Bey used Quantum Reality as the basis for an analysis of the field of quantum physics in terms of the social paradigms that it may influence, and from which it may draw its metaphors.
Physicist David Kaiser, who has written about the Fundamental Fysiks Group to which Herbert belonged, claims that the book is used in undergraduate physics courses.
Quantum Reality has been translated into German, Japanese, and Portuguese.
See also
Interpretations of quantum mechanics
Fundamental Fysiks Group, with which Herbert is associated
The Dancing Wu Li Masters, by Fundamental Fysiks member Gary Zukav
The Tao of Physics, by Fundamental Fysiks member Fritjof Capra
References
Popular physics books
Metaphysics literature
American non-fiction books
1985 non-fiction books
Kendall County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois, within the Chicago metropolitan area. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 131,869. Its county seat is Yorkville, and its most populous municipality is Oswego.
Kendall County is part of the Chicago metropolitan area and was the fastest-growing county in the United States between 2000 and 2010.
History
Kendall County was formed in 1841 out of LaSalle and Kane Counties.
The county is named after Amos Kendall, who was the editor of the Frankfort, Kentucky, newspaper, and went on to be an important advisor to President Andrew Jackson. Kendall became the U.S. Postmaster General in 1835.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which are land and (0.6%) are covered by water.
Kendall County is a small but rapidly growing county that has the majority of its population in the northeast, and along the Fox River (the only river in the county), which runs through the county's northwestern section. Many new subdivisions have been constructed in this county, which has produced considerable population growth. Southern Kendall still remains largely agricultural. Kendall County has two primary ranges of low-lying hills formed by what is known as an end moraine. Ransom, the more predominant of the two moraines, runs through the west and north-central part of the county. This moraine has created elevations over , in contrast to elevations in southern Kendall County that drop to the lower range. Minooka, the other major end moraine ridge in Kendall County, runs along its entire eastern border with Will County. The two moraines intersect at almost a right angle in the township of Oswego. The county's only designated state park is Silver Springs State Fish and Wildlife Area.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Yorkville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 52
Illinois Route 25
Illinois Route 31
Illinois Route 47
Illinois Route 71
Illinois Route 126
Adjacent counties
DeKalb County - northwest
Kane County - north
DuPage County - northeast
Will County - east
Grundy County - south
LaSalle County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, 114,736 people, 38,022 households, and 30,067 families were residing in the county. The population density was . The 40,321 housing units averaged . The racial makeup of the county was 83.6% White, 5.7% African American, 3.0% Asian, 0.3% Native American, 5.0% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 15.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.0% were German, 16.0% were Irish, 9.5% were Polish, 9.4% were Italian, 7.5% were English, and 3.2% were American.
Of the 38,022 households, 47.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.8% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 20.9% were not families, and 16.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.01, and the average family size was 3.41. The median age was 32.9 years.
The county's median household income was $79,897 and its median family income was $87,309. Males had a median income of $64,048 versus $42,679 for females. The county's per capita income was $30,565. About 2.9% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.6% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.
Kendall County was listed as the fastest-growing county in the US from 2000 to 2009, experiencing a population growth rate of 110.4% in this period. The reason for this growth is heavy suburbanization from the metropolitan Chicago area.
Communities
Cities
Aurora (part)
Joliet (part)
Plano
Sandwich (part)
Yorkville (mostly)
Villages
Lisbon
Millbrook
Millington (mostly)
Minooka (mostly)
Montgomery (part)
Newark
Oswego
Plainfield (part)
Plattville
Census-designated place
Boulder Hill
Other unincorporated communities
Ament Corners
Bristol
Fox
Helmar
Little Rock
Townships
The county is an square, which is divided up into 9 townships. Each township is divided into 36 one-mile-square sections, except that the Fox River is used as a township border, resulting in Bristol being the smallest township with the extra area being assigned to Oswego and Kendall Townships. Two exceptions to the section grid reflect Indian land grants under the Treaty of Prairie du Chien in 1829: the Mo-Ah-Way Reservation in Oswego Township and the Waish-Kee-shaw Reservation in Na-Au-Say Township. These areas were eventually sold to European settlers.
Big Grove Township
Bristol Township
Fox Township
Kendall Township
Lisbon Township
Little Rock Township
Na-au-say Township
Oswego Township
Seward Township
Government
County board members run in two districts. All other officers run county-wide:
County Board Members: Judy Gilmour, Scott Gengler, Brian Debolt, Elizabeth Flowers, Robyn Vickers, Amy Cesich, Scott R. Gryder, Matt Kellogg, Dan Koukol;
County Board Chairman – Scott R. Gryder
Forest Preserve President – Judy Gilmour
Clerk of the Circuit Court – Matthew G. Prochaska
Coroner – Jacquie Purcell
County Clerk and Recorder – Debbie Gillette
Sheriff – Dwight Baird
State's Attorney – Eric Weis
Treasurer – Jill Ferko
Politics
For years, Kendall County was one of the most Republican counties in Illinois. Between the 1856 and 2004 elections, the only time Kendall County did not give a plurality to the GOP Presidential nominee was in 1912 when the Republican Party was mortally divided and Progressive Party candidate Theodore Roosevelt won 57.56% of the county's vote against conservative incumbent President William Howard Taft. Moreover, only one Democratic Presidential candidate – Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936 – ever cracked 40% of Kendall County's vote during this span of 38 presidential elections. As a measure of how Republican the county was at the time, it gave Barry Goldwater 62 percent of the vote, his strongest showing in the state, even as Lyndon Johnson won the state and the nation in a landslide.
In 2008, Illinois native Barack Obama became the first Democrat to carry the county since Franklin Pierce in 1852. Obama did not repeat this feat against Mitt Romney in 2012, nor did Democrat Hillary Clinton defeat Donald Trump in 2016. Joe Biden won the county in the 2020 United States Presidential election.
Kendall County is one of only thirteen counties to have voted for Obama in 2008, Romney in 2012, Trump in 2016, and Biden in 2020.
Property values
Kendall County was the fastest growing county in the US, more than doubling in population between the 2000 and 2010 censuses.
All five Kendall County communities analyzed saw their real home prices fall dramatically from 2007 to 2015, from a low of 17 percent in Montgomery to a high of 44 percent in Plano. Minooka and Oswego both saw their home values fall 34 percent. In Yorkville, they fell 36 percent.
Education
Lisbon Community Consolidated School District 90
Newark Community Consolidated School District 66
Newark Community High School District 18
Oswego Community Unit School District 308
Plano Community Unit School District 88
Yorkville Community Unit School District 115
School District #101
School District #201
School District #202
School District #429
School District #430 (Sandwich Community School District #430)
The northern half of the county is in Community College District 516 and is served by Waubonsee Community College in Sugar Grove, Aurora, and Plano. The southern half is in Community College District 525 and is served by Joliet Junior College in Joliet.
In popular culture
Locations within and around the City of Plano were stand-ins for Clark Kent's hometown of Smallville, Kansas in the 2013 film Man of Steel as well as the 2016 film Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice. Plano has also been used in the film Witless Protection, with both films having been filmed in Plano's historic downtown area. Filming has also taken place south of Plano at the Farnsworth House, a modern architectural landmark for documentaries and commercials.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kendall County, Illinois
Notes
References
Specific
General
External links
Official website
Illinois counties
1841 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1841
Chicago metropolitan area
Morning Face is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand and was first published in 1968. The book won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1971. The book features Anand's autobiographical narrative that was first used by him in Seven Summers. He delivers the story through a personalized telling of the late independence era politics and history. Anand himself considered the book to be on the structural lines of Raja Rao's The Serpent and the Rope, but separated by the values espoused.
Translations
This novel was translated into Telugu language by Revuri Anantha Padmanabha Rao entitled Prabhata Vadanam in 1992 and published by Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi.
References
Novels by Mulk Raj Anand
1968 novels
1968 Indian novels
Sahitya Akademi Award-winning works
Hagalu Vesha () is a 2000 Indian Kannada-language film directed, written and scripted by Baraguru Ramachandrappa starring Shiva Rajkumar and Reshma. It is the story of a man who revolts against the British rule and their taxation policy.
The film was critically acclaimed upon release and won numerous State awards. The music composed by Hamsalekha was also received positively.
Cast
Shiva Rajkumar as Ramu
Reshma
Tara
Jai Jagadish
Nassar
Pramila Joshai
Bhavyasri Rai
Karibasavaiah
M. S. Umesh
Krishne Gowda
Aravind
Awards
Karnataka State Film Awards
Karnataka State Film Award for Best Story - Baraguru Ramachandrappa
Karnataka State Film Award for Best Lyricist - Baraguru Ramachandrappa
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed and lyrics written by Hamsalekha. Actor Rajkumar recorded a patriotic song "Jaggadu Jaggadu India" which became huge hit.
References
2000 films
Films directed by Baraguru Ramachandrappa
2000s Kannada-language films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Films set in the British Raj
History of India on film
Indian historical films
Raimonda Bložytė-Lukoševičienė (née Bložytė; born 4 December 1987) is a Lithuanian former footballer who played as a forward. She has been a member of the Lithuania women's national team.
Honours
Gintra Universitetas
Winner
A Lyga (4): 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Lithuanian women's footballers
Lithuania women's international footballers
Gintra Universitetas players
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Siskiyou County, California.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Siskiyou County, California, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in an online map.
There are 21 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in Siskiyou County, California
References
Siskiyou
Christian Robert von Bülow af Radum (14 December 1917 – 13 January 2002) was a Danish sailor. He competed in the dragon class at the 1956 and 1964 Olympics and won a silver and a gold medal, respectively.
References
1917 births
2002 deaths
Danish male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Denmark
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in sailing
Royal Danish Yacht Club sailors
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
This is a list of airlines that have an air operator's certificate issued by the civil aviation authority of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Autorité de l'Aviation Civile.
Defunct airlines
This is a list of now defunct airlines from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
See also
List of defunct airlines of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of airlines
List of air carriers banned in the European Union
List of companies based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Airlines
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Airlines
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Alna Station () is a railway station on the Trunk Line located at Alnabru in the Alna borough of Oslo, Norway. Situated from Oslo Central Station, it consists of an island platform along a double tracked line. Alna is served by the L1 line of the Oslo Commuter Rail. The station was opened on 7 June 1971, replacing Alnabru Station. The former was dismantled to make room for Alnabru Freight Terminal. The station serves mostly an industrial area.
History
When the Trunk Line was completed in 1854 there was no station serving the Alna area. From the 1880s there was a growing industry in the area. There was a station named Alna which was established on 24 March 1872, but was closed already on 1 December 1873. Alnabru Station at roughly the same place opened on 20 January 1902. It initially took the name Alna, but this was changed to Alnabru on 1 May. The station was a major cargo terminal and the terminal of two freight lines, the Alna Line and the Loenga–Alnabru Line.
The Norwegian State Railways bought the farm Nordre Alna in 1918, allowing for a further development of the station. The site was eventually determined to act as the new main cargo yard for Oslo. Alnabru Freight Terminal was taken into use in 1970. This forced the Trunk Line to be rerouted past the freight yard, resulting in a new section of track being built on the north side. Alna Station was placed on this segment. The new station was taken into use for trains in the direction of Oslo from 7 June 1971. The other track was taken into use on 14 June. The same day Alnabru Station was closed and subsequently demolished. Alna Station was originally named Alnabru, but took the name Alna in February 1973.
Facilities
Alna Station is situated from Oslo Central Station. The line past Alna is double track and electrified. The station features an island platform with a shed. The platform is and tall. The station is not step-free, as access is provided by an overpass with stairs. The station lacks a ticket machine.
Service
Vy serves Alna with line L1 of the Oslo Commuter Rail. L1 calls at all stations, running from Lillestrøm Station along the Trunk Line past Alna to Oslo Central Station and then along the Drammen Line to Asker Station before serving the Spikkestad Line and terminating at Spikkestad Station. Alna has four trains per direction per hour. Travel time is 7 minutes to Oslo Central Station and 22 minutes to Lillestrøm.
References
Bibliography
Railway stations in Oslo
Railway stations on the Trunk Line
Railway stations opened in 1971
1971 establishments in Norway
The Bureau for the Repression of Communist Activities (Buró para Represión de las Actividades Comunistas, or BRAC) was the Cuban secret police agency that President Fulgencio Batista maintained in the 1950s, which gained a reputation for brutality in its fight against the 26th of July Movement.
The bureau was headed by Mariano Faget, who had first gained fame as a Nazi hunter during Batista's first turn at power, from 1940 to 1944, when he was chief of the Office of Investigation of Enemy Activities (Oficina de Investigación de Actividades Enemigas), a counter-espionage unit that targeted Nazi and Fascist agents.
On Dec. 7, 1955, BRAC agents fired upon an anti-Batista demonstration held by the Federation of University of Students in Havana. Several demonstrators, including Camilo Cienfuegos, were wounded when the police opened fire on the crowd.
The development of BRAC was aided and encouraged by the CIA starting in 1956.
Notes
References
Anti-communist organizations
Cuban Revolution
Defunct intelligence agencies
Law enforcement agencies of Cuba
Political repression in Cuba
Secret police
Erigeron pinnatisectus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name feather-leaf fleabane. It is native to the Rocky Mountains of Wyoming, Colorado, and New Mexico.
Erigeron pinnatisectus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 11 centimeters (4.4 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves are covered with wool. The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem. Each head has 40–70 purple or pale blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The plant grows on buffs, ledges, and steep slopes at high altitudes, often above tree line.
References
pinnatisectus
Plants described in 1880
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Wentworth Shire is a local government area in the far south-west Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. This Shire is located adjacent to the Murray and Darling Rivers. The Shire's major roads are the Sturt and the Silver City Highways. The Shire includes the towns of Wentworth, Buronga, Gol Gol, Dareton and Pooncarie.
The Mayor of Wentworth Shire Council is Cr. Susan Nichols, an Independent politician.
Heritage listings
Wentworth Shire has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Darling River, Polia Station, Pooncarie: PS Rodney
Wentworth, 112 Beverley Street: Wentworth Gaol
Wentworth, 30 Caddell Street: St Ignatius School
Wentworth, Darling Street: St John's Anglican Church, Wentworth
Wentworth, 1122a Low Darling Road: Avoca Homestead Complex
Council
The area of Wentworth was proclaimed a municipality on 23 January 1879. The first Mayor was Mr. W. Gunn who held office from 1879 to 1880.
Current composition and election method
Wentworth Shire Council is composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016 and the makeup of the council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election, is:
Localities
References
External links
Wentworth Shire Council home page
Local government areas of New South Wales
Zaxidfest ( ; previously known as Zaxid) is an annual international music and art festival held in the middle of August near Lviv, Ukraine. ZAKHID was founded in 2009 as a festival of Ukrainian rock and ethno music. Later it has lost an attachment to some concrete music genre and was expanded by different foreign artists (including Anti-Flag, Caliban, Clawfinger, Ektomorf, Everlast, Ill Niño, Kreator, Oomph!, Zdob şi Zdub and others).
Every year organizers conduct online-survey where anybody can propose and vote for artist. In this way the list of participants is formed. Also some artists are invited based on organizers' initiative and their names are hidden until the tickets sales start.
The festivals name "Zakhid" means in Ukrainian equivocally West (or Western, meaning western part of Ukraine) and Event.
Location
In 2009 and 2010 Zakhid was held in towns of Zvenyhorod and Stare Selo respectively (around 20 km from Lviv). Since 2011 the festival has been relocated to the village of Rodatychi (around 40 km from Lviv).
Participants
There is a list of some Zakhid participants:
Alina Orlova
Anti-Flag
Atmasfera
Balthazar
Behemoth (cancelled)
BoomBox
Braty Hadiukiny
Breaking Benjamin (cancelled)
Bullet for my Valentine
Caliban
Chelsea Grin
Clawfinger
Crystal Castles
Dakh Daughters
Dark Tranquility
DevilDriver
Dymna Sumish
Editors
Ektomorf
Enter Shikari
Everlast
Flit
Flunk
Guano Apes
Hollywood Undead
IAMX
Ill Niño
In Extremo
Jayce Lewis
Kadebostany
Krambambula
Kreator
Krykhitka Tsakhes
Khors
Luk
Liapis Trubetskoi
Miss May I
Noize MC
Oomph!
Pain
Perkalaba
Qarpa
Sepultura
Skriabin
Tartak
The Qemists
Therion
Tin Sontsia
TNMK
Vopli Vidopliasova
Brutto
Zdob şi Zdub
Zhadan i Sobaky
We Butter the Bread with Butter
References
External links
Official website
Lviv Oblast
Rock festivals in Ukraine
Summer events in Ukraine
2009 establishments in Ukraine
Music festivals established in 2009
John Phiri (born 3 May 1962, in Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean retired footballer.
References
External links
Living people
1962 births
Zimbabwean footballers
Zimbabwe international footballers
Association football defenders
Dynamos F.C. players
Sokół Pniewy players
Warta Poznań players
Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League players
Ekstraklasa players
South African Premier Division players
Zimbabwean expatriate footballers
Zimbabwean expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Zimbabwean expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Sir Amos Brook Hirst, OBE (6 December 1878 – 26 November 1955) was an English football administrator and legal professional most associated with Huddersfield Town F.C., who served as chairman of The Football Association (FA) from 1941 to 1955.
Biography
Hirst was born in Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire, in 1878, where he attended Longwood Grammar School and Huddersfield College. Hirst was a keen rugby player in his youth before suffering a shoulder injury, and turned to football as a result. Hirst practiced as a solicitor for several years and was subsequently appointed the county court registrar for the Huddersfield, Halifax and Dewsbury districts in 1927; Hirst also briefly served as Huddersfield's deputy coroner. Hirst retired as the district's registrar in 1949. Hirst married Violet Hilda Woolven in 1906, they had a son, Geoffrey, and a daughter, Betty. Hirst lived at 'Brookleigh' on New Hey Road in Huddersfield. Hirst was buried at Salendine Nook's Baptist Chapel.
Football
Hirst helped found Huddersfield Town F.C. and was the club's inaugural vice-president; Hirst was also elected onto the club's board upon its founding as a limited company. Hirst was one of a number of local Huddersfield dignitaries who prevented the club being moved to Leeds after the First World War. Hirst was subsequently chairman of Huddersfield during its period of the greatest success, when the club won the Football League's Championship for three years in succession, in the 1923–24, 1924–25 and 1925–26 seasons. Hirst was the chairman of Huddersfield from 1925 to 1941.
Hirst began his participation in national football administration when he served on the Football League's management committee from 1931 to 1939, and subsequently the league's vice-president from 1939 before his election as the chairman of The Football Association in 1941.
Suffering from ill health, Hirst resigned the chairmanship of the FA in May 1955 and was succeeded by Arthur Drewry. The England national football team wore black armbands to commemorate Hirst at their international friendly against Spain at Wembley Stadium on 30 November 1955, which England won 4-1.
Honours
Hirst was awarded an OBE in 1948, and knighted in the New Year's Honours of 1954; his knighthood was bestowed by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother at Buckingham Palace. Hirst was appointed a chevalier of the French Legion of Honour in 1953, the honour was awarded at the FA's 90th Anniversary dinner at the Dorchester Hotel in London. The FA's celebration was held as it coincided with the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
References
1878 births
1955 deaths
Chairmen of the Football Association
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
English businesspeople
English football chairmen and investors
English solicitors
Huddersfield Town A.F.C.
Knights Bachelor
People educated at Huddersfield New College
Sportspeople from Huddersfield
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Holborn was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1919 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Camden
Holborn
Zinovy Aleksandrovich Roizman (; 11 September 1941 – 6 June 2022) was a Russian film and animation director and screenwriter.
References
External links
1941 births
2022 deaths
Russian animators
Soviet animation directors
Soviet film directors
Russian film directors
Soviet screenwriters
20th-century Russian screenwriters
Male screenwriters
20th-century Russian male writers
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Recipients of the Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
People from Odesa
Mexico City is a 2000 Canadian film directed and co-written by Richard Shepard, the story of a grieving woman searching for her brother who has gone missing on holiday in Mexico City.
Plot
The film opens with a brief montage of vintage black and white film clips promoting tourism in Mexico City, saying, "But that is not the Mexico City of today," before a dazzling series of scenes of the colorful, modern capital are shown. We see an older couple in a gated home as he gets ready to go to work, before he is kidnapped on the street in a daring ploy. The news reports the Mexican president's doctor was kidnapped and eventually murdered in an attempt by political opponents to show he cannot even protect his own administration officials from the corruption of his police forces.
Mitch Cobb and her brother, Sam, arrive in the city on their way to Oaxaca to do some exploring. In the taxi Mitch finally tells Sam the whole truth about seeing her husband kiss his lover on the street as she drove by with the kids after picking them up from school, just before they are hit by a truck and the children are killed. Her husband blamed her, and Mitch went along with her brother on this trip after the divorce to try to help him stay clean off drugs and out of trouble. Sam has recently learned his girlfriend is pregnant, and he doesn't know what to do. So Sam leaves her at the Hotel Majestic and visits some bars.
The next morning he has not come back to the hotel. She begins a frantic search, her concerns dismissed by the hotel staff, who warn her against involving the local police, and Ambassador Mills, who introduces her to the city police chief at the consulate, mocking her brother as a druggie who got lost on a bender. She remembers Pedro, the taxi driver who drove them from the airport, who offers to help her look for $100 a day. They finally find the bar where Sam was last seen, and eventually track his killer, a gang lord from the bar, confirming they have the right man when his driver appears wearing Sam's orange baseball cap, eventually confessing they took his camera. Her bravura after being threatened gets her both back, and they are allowed to leave.
After Mitch tells the consul how she found the camera she is knocked out by an intruder at the hotel who steals it, and the Ambassador is suddenly very interested in what might be on the film, because the president's doctor was shot behind the same bar where Sam was last seen. The gang lord swears they beat him after he ran out of the bathroom in a panic, for daring to come onto their turf, but left him alive.
She tells the Ambassador she already sent the film to be developed, and after Pedro helps her get the photos, he drops her at the consul's safe house where they see the doctor executed from the bathroom window of the bar, in Sam's photos, before her brother runs out in a flashback scene. Within minutes the safe house is overrun by the Mexico City Police, the Ambassador and everyone else is killed except Mitch, hiding in a bathroom with the photos. She takes a gun with her as she flees.
She seeks refuge in a church, then Pedro volunteers to drive her to the Texas border. In talking a little about their own lives, Pedro gently encourages her to consider making a new family for herself. 10 kilometers from the border a Mexico City police car stops them. Mitch shoots the officer with the gun she took from the safe house before they can be executed; Pedro says not to worry about him, as he drops her near the border crossing. As she walks across she is brutally arrested, with the Mexican guards and American guards in an armed standoff. She is soon exonerated, when the photos she left at the church are given to the authorities showing the doctor's execution by a known assassin.
Sometime later Mitch and Sam's young son are seen running on a beautiful beach, where Mitch is taking photos, until she hands him the camera, and he takes a photo of her, smiling in the sun.
Cast
Stacy Edwards as Mitch Cobb
Jorge Robles as Pedro
Johnny Zander as Sam
Robert Patrick as Ambassador Mills
Carlos Sanz as Lieutenant Menendez
Daniel Roebuck as Chris
Maura Tierney as Pam on phone (voice)
Alexander Gould as Peter Cobb
Dyllan Christopher as Max
References
External links
2000 films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Richard Shepard
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Finland will be represented by 39 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Participants
Results
Medalists
References
Participants list
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
WEPH (channel 49) is a religious television station in Tupelo, Mississippi, United States, owned and operated by the Christian Television Network (CTN). The station's studios are located on County Road 1702 in Tupelo, and its transmitter is located northwest of Woodland, Mississippi.
History
The station was founded in October 2010. It is the only full-power television station (excepting the MPB stations in Booneville, Oxford and Mississippi State) in northeast Mississippi to have never been affiliated with a major commercial television network.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Out-of-market coverage
WEPH is also carried outside the Tupelo–Columbus market on some cable systems in the Mississippi Delta, as well as Franklin, Amite and Perry counties in southern Mississippi.
References
External links
Official website
Television channels and stations established in 2010
EPH
Christian Television Network affiliates
2010 establishments in Mississippi
This is a timeline of incidents in 2003 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
See also
List of non-state terrorist incidents
List of Palestinian suicide attacks
List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2001–2006
References
2003
2003
2003
Terr
Wallersteiner v Moir (No 2) [1975] QB 373 is a UK company law case, concerning the rules to bring a derivative claim. The updated law, which replaced the exceptions and the rule in Foss v Harbottle, is now contained in the Companies Act 2006 sections 260-264, but the case remains an example of the likely result in the old and new law alike.
This case followed on from a previous decision, Wallersteiner v Moir, that concerned piercing the corporate veil.
Facts
Mr Moir, a minority shareholder, in the course of an ongoing battle over a company owned Dr Wallersteiner, applied for money to continue a claim against Dr Wallersteiner for fraud. Dr Wallersteiner had bought a company called Hartley Baird Ltd using money from the company itself, in contravention of the prohibitions on financial assistance (under Companies Act 1948 s 54 and 190). He had got 80% of the company. Mr Moir was one of the 20% remainder shareholders. Wanting to expose Dr Wallersteiner's various dealings, he circulated a letter to shareholders. Dr Wallersteiner sued for libel.
Mr Moir counterclaimed, and joined two of his companies as defendants, for £500,000 to be repaid. In a first judgment (Wallersteiner v Moir) the Court of Appeal held that the libel action would be struck out for deliberate delay and awarded £235,000 in damages to Mr Moir, but gave Dr Wallersteiner leave to defend the remaining issues, including fraud. Dr Wallersteiner claimed that interest could not be awarded under Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1934. As this was going on, Mr Moir was running out of money and made an application for funds to continue the action.
Judgment
The Court of Appeal held, after noting that interest was awardable under the court's equitable jurisdiction, that Mr Moir could be indemnified by the company for his costs. Since the derivative claim meant the company was proceeding against Dr Wallersteiner, Mr Moir was ineligible for legal aid. Moreover, contingency fee arrangements with Mr Moir's lawyers could not be sanctioned (although Lord Denning MR opined that public policy might approve it in some derivative claims). Hence, the costs of litigation for minority shareholders would be indemnified by the company.
On the problem of a derivative claim, and the question of funding by the company, Lord Denning MR said the following.
See also
UK company law
Littlewoods Mail Order Stores v IRC [1969] 1 WLR 1241
Notes
References
United Kingdom company case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1974 in case law
1974 in British law
Lord Denning cases
Petri Pasanen (born 24 September 1980) is a Finnish former professional footballer who played as a defender. He was most comfortable as centre-back, but also played right-back and left-back as well. Pasanen began his senior career in his native Finland before moving to Ajax. He spent most of his career at Bundesliga club Werder Bremen which he represented in the UEFA Champions League in multiple seasons, and in the 2009 UEFA Cup Final.
Club career
FC Lahti
Born Lahti, Finland, Pasanen became a regular for local club Lahti during the club's promotion season in 1998. During the next two seasons he made 42 appearances for the club in Finland's Veikkausliiga.
Ajax
Many of Europe's top clubs had become interested in the promising Pasanen, and in the summer of 2000 he joined Dutch club Ajax. He became a regular in the Ajax defense in his first season, but his progress was halted when he broke his foot in August 2001, and had to miss most of the 2001–02 season. Next season he was a regular again as Ajax reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA Champions League.
He fell out of favour at Ajax in 2003–04, and spent the second half of the season on loan at English club Portsmouth in the Premier League. Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp was interested in purchasing Pasanen at the end of the season, but claimed Ajax's asking price was too high.
Werder Bremen
Pasanen was then signed by reigning German champions Werder Bremen in the summer of 2004. He became a key player for the club, helping them to a top three finish in the Bundesliga and the second round of the Champions League in each of his first two seasons at the club. Whilst at Bremen he played in the 2009 UEFA Cup Final.
Red Bull Salzburg
On 30 June 2011, after the end of his contract, he left Werder Bremen, and signed for Red Bull Salzburg. On 12 May 2012, Salzburg announced that they would not renew Pasanen's contract and he would be free to look for a new club during the summer.
AGF Aarhus
On 28 July 2012, Pasanen signed a two-year contract with Danish topflight side AGF. He scored his first goal for AGF on 10 December 2012, in a 3−3 home draw against Silkeborg.
Return to Lahti
In May 2014, FC Lahti announced that Pasanen would return to Lahti and that he had signed a contract until the end of the 2016 season. On 29 September 2015, Pasanen announced that he would retire from professional football at the end of the season.
International career
Pasanen was also a regular for the Finland national team. He made his international debut on 15 November 2000 against the Republic of Ireland. Pasanen has mostly played at right back for Finland, and has also served as the national team's captain, when Sami Hyypiä and Jari Litmanen have not played. He scored his only goal on 22 May 2002 in a home friendly at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium against Latvia, which Finland won 2–1.
Pasanen has also played in Finland national futsal team, where he has six caps and two goals.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Finland's goal tally first, score column indicates score after Pasanen goal.
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2001–02
KNVB Cup: 2001–02
Johan Cruijff Shield: 2002
Werder Bremen
DFB Ligapokal: 2006
DFB-Pokal: 2008–09
UEFA Cup Runner-up: 2008–09
Red Bull Salzburg
Austrian Bundesliga: 2011–12
Austrian Cup: 2011–12
Individual
2008: Finnish Sports Journalists footballer of the year
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lahti
Finnish footballers
Association football central defenders
Association football fullbacks
FC Lahti players
FC Hämeenlinna players
AFC Ajax players
Portsmouth F.C. players
SV Werder Bremen players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Veikkausliiga players
Eredivisie players
Premier League players
Bundesliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Danish Superliga players
Finland international footballers
Finnish expatriate footballers
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Koriopolis () is the name given by the Greek press to a match fixing scandal in Greek football that came to light in June 2011. The investigation centres on offences that include illegal gambling, fraud, extortion and money laundering.
The name Koriopolis is a pun on the name of the Italian scandal of Calciopoli in 2006, and the Greek word korios (phone tap).
History
The investigation was launched after UEFA, the sports governing body in Europe, published a report that indicated at least 40 matches were fixed in the country during the 2009–10 season. Among the 68 suspects listed by judicial authorities on 24 June 2011 were Greek Super League chairman and Olympiacos owner Evangelos Marinakis (who was later acquitted) and Olympiacos player Avraam Papadopoulos, other club officials, players, referees and a chief of police. Details of the scandal were outlined in a 130-page document, a copy of which was seen by the Associated Press. It contains numerous transcripts of recorded telephone conversations, filled with profanities and threats of physical violence, allegedly between corrupt team officials deciding match results, using players and referees.
Among the 68 suspects were also Thomas Mitropoulos (ex-board member of Olympiacos F.C. and president of Egaleo FC), Ioannis Kompotis (owner of Levadiakos FC), Giorgos Borovilos (president of Asteras Tripolis), Dimitris Bakos (owner of Asteras Tripolis), the referees Giachos, Kalopoulos, Tryfonas, Giannis Spathas and many more.
Giorgos Nikitiadis, the government's deputy culture minister, described the investigation as "the darkest page in the history of Greek football" and the probe would go "as deep and as high as necessary".
Club punishments by HFF
On 28 July 2011 it was announced that Olympiacos Volos and Kavala would be relegated to the Football League, and their chairmen Achilleas Beos and Makis Psomiadis would face a lifelong ban from any football-related activity. Both of them appealed the decision.
On 10 August 2011 the final decision from the HFF's court had been made. It was ultimately decided that both teams would remain in the Super League, though with points deducted from the 2011-12 Super League season; Olympiacos Volos had 10 points deducted and Kavala 8 points.
The next day, 11 August 2011, Olympiacos Volos, which had reached the Europa League play-off round, were excluded from the competition by UEFA for their involvement in the scandal. UEFA officials said no action was presently being considered against Olympiacos F.C. regarding its participation in the Champions League of the following season.
On 23 August 2011, Olympiacos Volos and Kavala ultimately didn't get the license to participate and were relegated to Delta Ethniki for their involvement in the scandal.
In February 2012, the Super League Greece with the agreement of the Hellenic Football Federation achieved the replacement of the two football prosecutors (Fakos, Antonakakis) with two others (Petropoulos, Karras). The scandal investigation has stopped and never resumed ever since. In September 2012, the Hellenic Football Federation decided the return Olympiacos Volos to the second division.
Judicial process
In 2013, the first trial took place, which found guilty officials Makis Psomiadis and Thomas Mitropoulos.
In July 2015, Marinakis was acquitted from all charges by the Prosecutor, Panagiotis Poulios, and the three member Council of Judges with the decision being final. After the prosecutor's proposal to the penal justice, it was announced that the following are also going to be tried for the Koriopolis scandal: players Avraam Papadopoulos Kostas Mendrinos, officials Achilleas Beos, Ioannis Kombotis (owner of Levadiakos F.C.), Dimitris Tzelepis (chairman of Panthrakikos F.C.), Giorgos Borovilos (president of Asteras Tripolis), Dimitris Bakos (owner of Asteras Tripolis), Michalis Kountouris (president of amateur Olympiacos CFP and board member of Olympiacos F.C.) and many more.
On 18 March 2016, Panathinaikos FC President Giannis Alafouzos sued Mr Marinakis and judges Tziblakis and Poulios for the Koriopolis case. In the end, only Giorgos Tsakogiannis was convicted of illegal betting on a continuous basis and for participation in an illegal bet.
See also
Paranga (football), a folk expression in Greece referring to the rigging of games
2015 Greek football scandal
Golden Whistle: Portuguese football corruption scandal
Calciopoli
Brazilian football match-fixing scandal
2005 Bundesliga scandal
2011 Turkish sports corruption scandal
References
2010–11 in Greek football
2011–12 in Greek football
Super League Greece
Sports betting scandals
Association football controversies
Match fixing
Corruption in Greece
Sports scandals in Greece
Grant Earl Mouser (September 11, 1868 – May 6, 1949) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1905 to 1909.
He was the father of Grant E. Mouser Jr., who also became a United States Congressman from Ohio.
Biography
Born in LaRue, Ohio, Mouser attended the LaRue Union Schools and Ohio Northern University, Ada, Ohio. He graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1890 and was admitted to the bar the same year. He commenced practice of law in Marion, Ohio, where he served as prosecuting attorney of Marion County from 1893 to 1896. He served as a delegate to many state conventions.
Family and personal life
Mouser was the son of Dr. Justus and Sara (DeLong) Mouser.
Mouser married Della E. Ridgway, of LaRue, November 28, 1892. They had three children: Helena, Grant Earl Jr., and Annabel.
Mouser was a member of the Presbyterian Church, B.P.O.E., K. of P. and I.O.O.F.
Congress
In 1904 Mouser ran for and was elected as a Republican to the 59th Congress. He successfully ran for re-election in 1906, serving in the 60th Congress.
Later career
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1908 to the 61st Congress.
After the election, he resumed practicing law in Marion until his retirement in 1935. He also served as delegate to the 1908 Republican National Convention. From 1916 to 1925, he served as a judge in the Court of Common Pleas of Marion County.
Harding patrimony controversy
Mouser cross-examined Nan Britton in Britton's lawsuit (Britton v. Klunk), in which she claimed that the late U.S. President Warren G. Harding was the father of her daughter Elizabeth Ann Blaesing. Britton was unable to provide any concrete evidence, and was shaken by the vicious personal attacks made by Mouser, which cost her the case. Carl Sferrazza Anthony, author of Florence Harding, a biography of Harding's wife, wrote that court transcripts in Toledo, Ohio show that Mouser referred to Britton as a "degenerate and pervert," and "brought (Florence Kling Harding) in by using Warren's 'love of his good wife' against a 'distorted... deranged... demented... [and] diabolical' Nan who had no respect for the marriage tie...."
DNA testing in 2015 confirmed that Blaesing was indeed Harding's daughter.
Death
Mouser died in Marion, Ohio, May 6, 1949 and is interred in Marion Cemetery.
References
External links
1868 births
1949 deaths
People from Marion, Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Ohio Northern University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
People from LaRue, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Olive Young (Hangul: 올리브영) is a health and beauty product store based in South Korea. Olive Young opened its first store in Sinsa-dong, Gangnam in December 1999 under the management of CJ Systems and pioneered Korea's health and beauty market. As of 2017, it was number one within its market. Olive Young's main slogan is "All live young with Olive Young." which reflects the main philosophy 'Natural Healthy' of Olive Young. In 2021, Olive Young is solidifying its No.1 position in the Korean H&B market, which was hit directly by Covid-19.
History
Olive Young's first store opened in 1999 in Sinsa. In 2002, the company established a joint venture with Dairy Farm International part of the Jardine Matheson Group. The joint venture was terminated in 2008, when Olive Young acquired the entirety of CJ company shares on the market.
The company started importing organic cosmetics from Juice Beauty, a popular US cosmetics brand, in 2009. It released CJ ONE, an integrated membership service for CJ Systems, in 2010.
In December 2014, Olive Young merged with CJ Systems and changed its name to CJ Olive Networks Co., Ltd. It introduced the electronic shelf labeling system to its stores in 2018.
Olive Young launched the Global Mall in 2019 to realize a new brand message called "Global Lifestyle Platform to Propose Healthy Beauty." This can be seen as a leader in 'K-Life Style'.
Major business
Self-developed products
Cosmetic accessories: cotton swabs, nail clippers, hair combs
Beauty supplies: sunscreen, mask packs, nose packs
Self-developed brands
Color brands: Elle girl, WAKEMAKE, Color Gram
Skin care brands: Plant country, Bio Heal boH, Round Around, Dream Works Beauty Collection, Bring Green
Men's skin care brands: XTM Style homme
Exclusive sales products
Imported cosmetics: Cottage, Bulldog, Yves Rocher, Saforelle, Rap Phyto, The Balm, Topicrem
General sales products
Beauty Care: skin care, makeup, perfume, men's cosmetics, beauty accessories
Healthcare: health functional foods, health supplies, emergency supplies
Personal care: hair and body care, oral care, hygiene
Food: beverages, confectionery, processed foods
Sundries: household goods, personal belongings, cultural gift certificates
Past exclusive sales products
Imported cosmetics: Sukin, Lanolips
References
Retail companies of South Korea
Retail companies established in 1999
South Korean companies established in 1999
Kateřina Elhotová (; born 14 October 1989) is a Czech basketball player currently playing for USK Praha of the Czech Women's Basketball League.
Career
Elhotova joined USK Praha in 2007. She was part of the 2013-14 Prague team who went the entire season unbeaten (41 wins) and the team that won the Euroleague in 2015. She won the FIBA Europe SuperCup with Praha, scoring 32 points against Castors Braine and, in the final against UMMC Ekaterinburg, 16 points, 3 rebounds, 2 assists and one steal. She was named MVP of the tournament.
Elhotova was signed by the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA on 25 February 2016
International
Elhotova made her international debut at the 2004 European Under-16 Championship. In 2007, she played at the FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women and Eurobasket. She has played for the Czech Republic at Eurobasket 2007 through to 2015. She played at the World Championships in 2010, (winning the silver medal) and 2014 and at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, both times reaching the tournament's quarter finals.
References
External links
Katerina Elhotova at FIBAEurope.com
1989 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Prague
The Army Mountain Guide Badge () was a German military badge awarded to experienced Gebirgsjager mountain guides in Nazi Germany.
An Army Mountain Guide Badge of a different design is also awarded by the current Federal Republic of Germany.
Eligibility and appearance
The Army Mountain Guide Badge was established in August 1936. It was worn by Gebirgsjäger troops in the German Wehrmacht who had trained as mountain guides and then acted as a guide for one year. The badge was not awarded after 1945.
It was an oval tombac-plated iron pin-back badge, measuring 51.8 mm by 42.9 mm. The centre has an edelweiss flower in silver with a gilt centre, on a green enamel background. A surrounding white enamel band bears, on its lower portion, the word 'Heeresbergführer' in gothic script. The reverse is plain except for the pin fastening and, in most cases, the name of the manufacturer. In uniform, it was worn on or below the left-hand breast pocket, although it was sometimes seen worn on the right side of the jacket.
A badge of a different design was awarded in Nazi Germany to police mountain guides.
Bundeswehr version
Gebirgsjäger troops of the current German Bundeswehr who qualify as mountain guides receive an army mountain guide badge, to be worn in the middle of the right breast pocket. The badge is worn while the holder serves as a guide or on other mountaineering duties, with eligibility ceasing for those not so involved for two years. After twelve years the badge can be worn in uniform permanently, irrespective of the work undertaken.
A machine embroidered oval cloth badge, it displays an edelweiss in front of two crossed ice axes, on a green background. Surrounding this is a grey wreath with the wording 'HEERESBERGFÜHRER' on its lower portion.
References
Sources
See also
Orders, decorations, and medals of Nazi Germany
Gebirgsjäger
Military awards and decorations of Nazi Germany
Awards established in 1936
1936 establishments in Germany
Mountain warfare
Hatley is an unincorporated community in Crisp County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A variant name was "Malone". A post office called Malone was established in 1904, the name was changed to Hatley in 1917, and the post office closed in 1945. W. H. Malone was the name of its first postmaster.
References
Unincorporated communities in Crisp County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Beaumont Place is an unincorporated community in east central Harris County, Texas, United States. It is located along Beaumont Highway (U.S. Highway 90) and the Southern Pacific Railroad. It is southwest of the Sheldon Reservoir.
As of 2004, several houses in Beaumont Place discharged wastewater into ditches and shallow trenches. For this reason the Texas Safe and Affordable Water and Wastewater Services (TSAWW) began to target Beaumont Place for improvements.
Education
Sheldon Independent School District operates schools serving the community.
Residents are zoned to Cravens Early Childhood Academy, Royalwood Elementary School, C. E. King Middle School, and C. E. King High School.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
René Foucachon (born 6 January 1966) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1995 Tour de France.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
French male cyclists
People from Bezons
Sportspeople from Val-d'Oise
Cyclists from Île-de-France
Steinbach is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.
History
The village was first mentioned in 1190. Until 1388 it was part of 'Eygen Teuschnitz', a large estate of Langheim monastery.
Economy
Biggest employer is Wiegand-Glas with branches in Großbreitenbach, Slovakia and South Africa.
Events
Every July, an association called "Zechgemeinschaft" celebrates the traditional fair. Unmarried young people dress themselves with the traditional clothes of the village and invite their guests to dance with them to typical music. In August, the rifle club's festival takes place.
References
External links
Kronach (district)
Sir Edward Kenny, (1 July 1800 – 16 May 1891) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He co-founded the Union and Merchants' banks and served as Mayor of Halifax. He was a Conservative senator from 1867 to 1876.
Early life and business career
Kenny was born in County Kerry, Ireland, the son of Jeremiah Kenny (of Ballykeally, Esq.) and Johanna ( Crean). He began working for James Lyons, a merchant with connections with Halifax, Nova Scotia, and moved to the city in 1824 where he worked as Assistant manager at James Lyons and Co. In 1827, he and his older brother, Thomas Kenny of Sherwood, opened their own company in Halifax, T. & E. Kenny - Dry Goods & Shipping.
Kenny married Ann Forrestall (daughter of Michael Forrestall, Esq., of Halifax) in Halifax on 16 October 1832. Together they had 13 children, 7 boys and 6 girls. The first born, Thomas Edward Kenny, born 12 October 1833 in Halifax, later became president of the Royal Bank of Canada.
In 1855, he became Director of the Union Bank in Halifax. On 26 April 1864, he opened the Merchant's Bank, which later became the Royal Bank of Canada, with seven partners (J.W. Merkell, T.C. Kinnear, James B. Duffus, William Cunard, John Tobin, George P. Mitchell and Jeremiah Nothup). In 1872, Kenny became a director of Sir Hugh Allan's Canadian Pacific Railway.
Kenny was a representative of Canada's Catholic population. On 8 February 1872, he travelled with Lady Kenny to Rome to meet Pope Pius IX.
Political career
Kenny became Junior Assistant V.P. of the Charitable Irish Society of Halifax in 1834 and Vice President in 1836. He became president of the organization in 1841.
In 1841, he was appointed a Member of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia, becoming its president on 9 April 1856, replacing Michael Tobin, Jr. He was also elected an Alderman for Ward 3 in Halifax in 1841. In 1842, he was elected Mayor of Halifax.
On 22 January 1862, Kenny and 14 other distinguished gentlemen of Halifax met in the Hollis Street office of Robie Uniacke to organize what was to become known as The Halifax Club. The other founding members of the club were William A. Black, Mathers Byles Almon, Edward Binney, Captain W.W. Lyttleton, Colonel W.J. Myers, S.A. White, James C. Cogswell, Henry Pryor, John Tobin, Robert Morrow, Alfred G. Jones, M.B. Almon Jr. and William Cunard.
In May 1867, Kenny was appointed to the Senate of Canada representing senatorial division of Nova Scotia. A Conservative, he was Receiver General from 1 July 1867 to 16 November 1869 and President of the Privy Council from 1869 to 1870, when he was knighted. He resigned from the Senate on 11 April 1876.
He died in his home at 167 Pleasant Street, Halifax, on 16 May 1891.
References
External links
1800 births
1891 deaths
Canadian senators from Nova Scotia
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) senators
Members of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Nova Scotia
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Canadian Knights Bachelor
Mayors of Halifax, Nova Scotia
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metre breaststroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Monday 12 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 100m Breaststroke (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 100m Breaststroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 100m Breaststroke (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 100m Breaststroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
John Baldwin Gourley (born June 12, 1981) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter from Alaska. He is the lead singer and rhythm guitarist in the Portland, Oregon rock band Portugal. The Man, with the hit song "Feel It Still". Gourley was previously the lead singer in post-hardcore band, Anatomy of a Ghost. Gourley is also a visual artist, who often uses the alias The Fantastic The.
Life and career
Gourley was born in 1981 in Willow, Alaska, to John T. Gourley and Jennifer Van Ingen. He and his two siblings grew up in Alaska moving from town to town, wherever their father's contracting business took the family. Gourley's parents both competed in the Iditarod, and for a while the family lived in a remote "off the grid" cabin accessible only by dogsled. He grew up helping to take care of dozens of mushing dogs.
He attended Wasilla High School, but dropped out at age 15 to study at home and work in construction with his father.
Gourley joined four fellow Wasilla musicians: his best friend Zach Carothers and the three members of band Nice Guy Eddie (Dewey Halpaus, Joe Simon, and Nick Simon), to form punk band Anatomy of a Ghost in 2002. They toured across the country and released their album Evanesce in October 2003 on Fearless Records. In the spring of 2003, Gourley recorded vocals for the song "Motelroom.Grandpiano" with the band Fear Before on their first album, Odd How People Shake. The members of Anatomy of a Ghost wanted to pursue their own ideas, however, so the band split up in May 2004. Gourley and bassist Carothers formed Portugal. The Man.
Gourley and longtime partner and bandmate Zoe Manville have a daughter born in 2011.
References
Further reading
External links
Musicians from Alaska
Living people
People from Wasilla, Alaska
1981 births
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
American male singer-songwriters
Grammy Award winners
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
American singer-songwriters
He Zhi ( 264–280), courtesy name Yuangan, was an official of the state of Eastern Wu during the late Three Kingdoms period (220–280) of China. He was a younger brother of Lady He, who married Sun He, a son and former heir apparent of the first Wu emperor Sun Quan. In 264, Sun He and Lady He's son, Sun Hao, ascended the throne as the fourth and last emperor of Wu. He Zhi, as a maternal uncle of the reigning emperor, rose to a more prominent position in the Wu government. In 279, Sun Hao appointed He Zhi as Minister over the Masses when Guo Ma started a rebellion in Wu, and ordered his maternal uncle and others to lead troops to suppress the revolt. In the following year, the Jin dynasty conquered Wu, after which Sun Hao surrendered. It is not known what happened to He Zhi after the fall of Wu.
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Fang, Xuanling (ed.) (648). Book of Jin (Jin Shu).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Eastern Wu politicians
Politicians from Zhenjiang
"Kissing the Sun" is a single by The Young Gods appearing on their 1995 album Only Heaven.
Music video for the track was directed by Eric Zimmerman, who is known for his work on Nine-Inch Nails's "Head Like a Hole" and Soundgarden's "Jesus Christ Pose."
Track listing
"Kissing The Sun (Radio Edit)" - 3:40
"Lointaine (Instrumental)" - 4:20
"Kissing The Sun (Babylon By The Bay Mix)" - 6:08
Accolades
The information regarding accolades acquired from AcclaimedMusic.net
Footnotes
The Young Gods songs
1995 singles
1995 songs
PIAS Recordings singles
George Edward Pfahler (1874 – January 29, 1957) was an American physician and one of the early influences on the specialty of radiology.
Biography
In 1898, Pfahler graduated from the Medico-Chirurgical College. By the next year, he was an assistant chief resident at Philadelphia General Hospital. The hospital's board of managers procured an X-ray machine, then known as a roentgen ray machine, and they appointed Pfahler to operate it. The young doctor had set out to become an internal medicine physician, and at first he doubted whether X-rays would have much value in the clinical care of patients. The rest of Pfahler's career was defined by his focus on direct patient care applications of X-rays.
After residency, Pfahler spent the early years of his medical career as a clinical professor at the Medico-Chirurgical College and as the director of the radiology departments at Philadelphia General Hospital and the Medico-Chirurgical Hospital. The Medico-Chirurgical College merged with the University of Pennsylvania in 1916, and Pfahler became a professor and vice dean of radiology at that institution. He worked at the medical school through 1946, and afterwards he was an emeritus professor. He made advances both in diagnostic radiology and in radiotherapy, taking special interest in radiation treatment for oral and breast cancers.
Pfahler was the 1910-11 president of the American Roentgen Ray Society, and he was the president of the American Radium Society in 1922. The next year, he became the first president of the American College of Radiology (ACR). He won the ACR Gold Medal, the organization's highest award, in 1952.
The Pfahler Hall of Science at Ursinus College is named in his honor.
References
Further reading
Pfahler, Muriel Bennett (1958). The Love of a Physician: George E. Pfahler, M.D., Pioneer Radiologist. Dorrance.
1874 births
1957 deaths
American radiologists
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania faculty
Paloma Adams-Allen is a Jamaican-American foreign policy advisor who has served as the deputy administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) for management and resources in the Biden administration since October 2021.
Early life and education
Adams-Allen was born and raised in Jamaica. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in development studies from Brown University, a Master of International Affairs from Johns Hopkins University, and a Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law Center.
Career
From 1998 to 2000, Adams-Allen was the director of the Caribbean and Central America Action's financial services program. She was then a summer law associate at Coudert Brothers. In 2000, she joined the Organization of American States, serving as a senior advisor and regional manager. In 2010, she joined the United States Agency for International Development, serving as a senior advisor for Latin America and the Caribbean and later associate deputy administrator for the same region. From 2016 to 2017, she was the senior director of private sector partnerships at Winrock International. In April 2017, she became the president of the Inter-American Foundation.
Biden administration
On June 3, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Adams-Allen to be the deputy administrator of USAID. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee held hearings on Adams-Allen's nomination on July 20, 2021. The committee favorably reported her nomination to the Senate floor on August 4, 2021. Adams-Allen was confirmed by the entire Senate on October 5, 2021, by a vote of 79-20.
Adams-Allen assumed office on October 12, 2021.
Personal life
Adams-Allen lives in Washington D.C with her husband and two daughters.
References
21st-century Jamaican women politicians
21st-century Jamaican politicians
Brown University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Organization of American States people
People of the United States Agency for International Development
Trump administration personnel
Biden administration personnel
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bardzrakash () is a 10-13th-century. Armenian monastery located between Dsegh village and Tumanyan town within Lori marz, Armenia. It is built on a flat spot on a steep slope below cliffs, and above the Marts river, in the Tavut forest.
The complex consists of two churches, a vestibule, a chapel, the ancestral cemetery of Mamikonyan and remainders of khachkars. The two churches and the vestibule that make the main group are placed near to each other in one line. The preserved oldest construction, built of rough-hewn smaller basalt stones is the one-nave hall type church at the north of the complex, of which only a 3-4m high wall remains. Although no details have reached us about the history of this church, from the construction methods it is thought to have been built in the 10th century. The building in the center is the 13th century Holy Astvatsatsin - the main church, of which the entrance, parts of the southern and western walls, sections of flying arches, and pillars are still well preserved. Holy Astvatsatsin and it's gavit are both constructed of large, finely cut slabs of felsite stone. The monastery does not appear to have functioned for long after the construction of Holy Astvatsatsin, as the last of the inscriptions on the church walls date to the mid-13th century.
Bardzrakash underwent some type of renovations in 1939, and some cleanup efforts in 1950 and 1969. It was listed on the 2014 World Monuments Fund as one of 67 cultural heritage sites at risk from the forces of nature and the impact of social, political, and economic change
Gallery
References
External links
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
Tourist attractions in Lori Province
Buildings and structures in Lori Province
Armenian Apostolic monasteries in Armenia
Silksworth is a suburb of the City of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear. The area can be distinguished into two parts, old Silksworth, the original village and township which has existed since the early middle ages, and New Silksworth, the industrial age colliery village which expanded north west of the original settlement. The former colliery being situated to the north west of the village near to the Gilley Law. The population of the ward was 10,931 at the 2011 census.
History
Old Silksworth
The area of Silksworth has been subject to human activity since the Bronze Age, with archaeological sites of ancient barrows having been discovered on the surrounding hills. The name of the place itself is thought to be of Anglo-Saxon origin and means ‘the worþ (enclosure) of Sigelac (a man's name)'. The first reference to the location appeared in the Middle Ages and is first referenced in a list of appendages of South Bishopwearmouth in King Athelstan's gift to the See of Durham in 930 AD. The area became a township of Bishopwearmouth, of which neighbouring Farringdon was a hamlet of.
New Silksworth
New Silksworth emerged as a coal mining village in the 19th century. In 1871, according to the Census there were approx 800 people living in the Silksworth and Tunstall areas, the local area was mainly farmland and where most people worked on the land. However about 350 were men and their families who were constructing the new colliery. To exploit the rich coal reserves in the area the Silksworth Colliery shaft was sunk in 1869 funded by the Londonderry Coal company. Ten years later in 1879 the local population had risen to 4707 for the Silksworth and Tunstall areas. The increase in population was mainly due to the migration of people to the area seeking work at the new Silksworth colliery. According to the census returns the miners came from Ireland, Scotland, Cornwall and even from the United States and Germany. The miners and their families had moved to the colliery areas seeking employment and also colliery housing was provided for the miners by the mine owner Lord Londonderry. The miner's life was not an easy one, working conditions underground were very dangerous and the work very arduous. When Silksworth Colliery eventually closed in 1971 it was a massive blow to the local community as many of the local people and businesses relied on the colliery for their livelihood. Just about all remnants of the former Silksworth colliery have now gone and the former mine site has since been converted into Silksworth Sports Complex. Facilities at the sports complex include:
Silksworth Ski Slope the North East of England's largest artificial ski slope and activity centre. This is featured on the Sunderland version of the boardgame 'Monopoly'!
Recreational boating lake near Gilley Law which is home to a variety of water fowl birds, ducks, swans and also near the boating lake is a freshwater fishing lake.
Silksworth Community Swimming Pool, Tennis and Wellness Centre formally The Puma Centre including a children's Outdoor Adventure Play Area which is a great facility for kids and toddlers with swings, zip wire, climbing frames, slides, sand pit and pic nic area etc.
Athletics Running track All weather floodlit football pitches Skateboard park (Near the Ski slope)Notable buildings: Doxford House formerly Silksworth House.Doxford House is a derelict 18th century manor house adjacent Doxford Park in the Silksworth area of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England. It is a Grade II* listed building
The manor house formerly known as Silksworth House, was constructed in 1775–1780 by William Johnson who on his death in 1792 left the property in his will to his friend Hendry Hopper. In 1831 Priscilla Hopper then heiress to the estate married William Beckwith of Thurcroft. He was High Sheriff of Durham in 1857. The Beckwiths moved to Shropshire in about 1890 and the house was let out.
In 1902, Charles David Doxford of (William Doxford & Sons Ship Builders) brother of Theodore Doxford, took out a 99-year lease on the 24-acre (97,000 m2) estate. On his death in 1935, his daughter, Aline Doxford bought out the lease. On her death in 1968, she bequeathed the house and estate to Sunderland Corporation who gave the house its present name Doxord House and turned the gardens of house into Doxford Park.
In 1989 the house became a student's hall of residence for Sunderland University and from about 2000 to 2006 was occupied by the Lazarus Foundation, a drug rehabilitation charity. Plans to turn the house into apartments were proposed in 2008 but the conversion of the house into apartments was never carried out.
The latest proposal for re development of Doxford House is to restore the property back into a private family residence with work ongoing in 2014.The Miners Hall, Blind Lane, SilksworthThe Miners Hall is located in Blind Lane, Silksworth. The hall is a prominent building in Blind Lane and was built in 1893. The hall was a spacious building constructed of brick and stone. The building was used as a meeting place for the miners and their families, it was also used for social events, wedding receptions, engagement parties etc. The Silksworth Colliery Brass Band also practiced and performed in the hall. The Miners hall front facade and roof was recently refurbished. The hall is now currently used as a builder's storage facility.St Matthews Church, C of E Church, SilksworthSt Matthew's Church opened in 1872 three years after Silksworth Colliery opened in 1869, the Church played a large part in the formation of the new mining community of Silksworth with the input of miners and their families. The churchyard contains the Commonwealth war graves of 12 British servicemen of World War I and 4 of World War II.St Leonard's RC Church, Silksworth.'''
St. Leonard's Roman Catholic Church opened in 1873, four years after Silksworth Colliery opened in 1869, the funding for the building of the church and rectory being provided by Priscilla Maria Beckwith of Silksworth House.
Located behind Blind Lane was the Ebenezer Chapel 1883 (now the Independent Methodist Church)
The Temperance Hall 1912, located at the top of Tunstall Terrace which is now the Calvary Christian Fellowship
Notable people
Joe Clennell - professional footballer
Bobby Gurney - professional footballer and Sunderland record goalscorer
Ernest Levitt - professional footballer for Brentford and also played for New Silksworth
Richie Taylor - professional footballer for Sunderland (1968-1972) and York City
Billy Thompson - British and European lightweight champion boxer, born in New Silkworth
References
External links
Silksworth Sports Complex
https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/28359/monopoly-sunderland-edition
City of Sunderland suburbs
Sunderland
Maigore Kallon (1 February 1929 – 5 March 2015) was a Sierra Leonean politician and diplomat. A founding member of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), he later served as the chairman of the party. Kallon served as the third Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Sierra Leone from 1965 to 1967. He briefly regained the position of Foreign Minister in 1996 during the first cabinet of President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah, a member of the SLPP.
Political career
Kallon was one of the founding members of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), which was formed in 1951. Ten years later, he became the country's first Interior Minister of Sierra Leone following independence from the United Kingdom in 1961. He also served as the Chief Whip for the SLPP as a member of the Parliament of Sierra Leone. Kallon became Foreign Minister from 1965 to 1967.
Maigore Kallon went into exile in neighboring Liberia during the 1970s following a dispute with President Siaka Stevens. He returned to Sierra Leone during the 1980s once President Stevens had left office and Joseph Saidu Momoh had assumed the presidency.
Kallon played a pivotal role in SLPP's victory in the 1996 general election, which brought President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah to power. He was appointed Foreign Minister during Kabbah's first cabinet in 1996. Kallon later became the chairman of the SLPP.
Personal life
Kallon was born in the Kailahun District, Sierra Leone, within the Jawie chiefdom.
Maigore Kallon died from a long illness at his home in Byrne Lane, Freetown, Sierra Leone, on 5 March 2015, at the age of 89.
References
1929 births
2015 deaths
Foreign Ministers of Sierra Leone
Government ministers of Sierra Leone
Members of the Parliament of Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone People's Party politicians
Sierra Leonean exiles
Sierra Leonean expatriates in Liberia
People from Freetown
People from Kailahun District
Jindřichovice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Jindřichovice (Jihlava District), a village in the Vysočina Region
Jindřichovice (Sokolov District), a village in the Karlovy Vary Region
Jindřichovice pod Smrkem, a village in the Liberec Region
Jindřichovice (Kolinec), part of market town Kolinec
Jindřichovice (Blatná), part of town Blatná
Hélène Marie Antigna (8 July 1837 – 10 March 1918) was a French painter.
Hélène-Marie Pettit was born at Melun), 8 July 1837.
She was a pupil of her husband, Jean Pierre Antigna, and of Eugène Delacroix. Her best works are small genre subjects. She exhibited every year after 1861; Chercheuse de bois mort (1861) and Retour du contrebandier (1868) are mentioned. In 1877, she exhibited at the Paris Salon, On n'entre pas! and the New Cider; in 1876, an Interior at Saint Brieuc and A Stable; in 1875, Tant va la cruche à l'eau.
References
External links
Marie Helene Antigna on Artnet
1837 births
1918 deaths
People from Melun
19th-century French painters
19th-century French women artists
Fußball-Club Eintracht Altona was an early German football club from Altona, a then independent city.
The short-lived team played a handful of seasons in the highest division of the Hamburger-Altonaer Fussballbund from 1897, until withdrawing from the German football scene one game into the second leg of the 1901/02 season. In its brief existence, the club failed to win any titles and often performed mediocre, until their last played season in which they scored no goals throughout the first leg of the competition. The club remains notable today only as being one of the founding members of the German Football Association (Deutscher Fußball Bund) at the restaurant Zum Mariengarten in Leipzig during 1900, where they were represented by a former team captain for SC Victoria Hamburg, Walter Sommeyer (also written Sommeier).
A now defunct team of the same name was established on the outskirts of Hamburg during the 1940s prior to the inception of the Bundesliga, and a local league club of the same name was founded in 2010, but was struck out of the league in 2014 as part of disciplinary action.
Results
* FC Eintracht Altona were awarded last place instead of Britannia Hamburg, who had only played two unofficial games, owing to the withdrawal of the team after the first half of the season.
Most (confirmed) goals scored in a game: 7
Most (confirmed) goals conceded in a game: 9
References
Grüne, Hardy (1996). Vom Kronprinzen bis zur Bundesliga. Kassel: AGON Sportverlag .
Football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in Germany
Association football clubs disestablished in 1902
Defunct football clubs in Hamburg
1902 disestablishments in Germany
Makhmudov () is a masculine surname common in the former Soviet countries, its feminine counterpart is Makhmudova. It may refer to
Dilshod Mahmudov (born 1982), Uzbekistani boxer
Emin Makhmudov (born 1992), Azerbaijani-Russian football player
Iskander Makhmudov (born 1963), Uzbek-born Russian businessman and philanthropist
Khurshed Makhmudov (born 1982), Tajikistani football player
Nado Makhmudov (1907–1990), Armenian-born Kurdish writer
Carl Kirwan (born 21 March 1991) is an English rugby union player who plays for Nottingham in the RFU Championship.
Kirwan came through the Newcastle Falcons academy, previously spent two years at Rotherham Titans following a spell with hometown club Middlesbrough.
Kirwan made a significant impact during his campaigns at London Welsh previously captained the side, scoring eight tries in 24 Championship appearances and helped the club beat Bristol to win promotion to the Aviva Premiership, and was subsequently named Supporters Club Player of the Year.
On 16 June 2015, Kirwan left London Welsh to sign for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership from the 2015-16 season.
After a season at National League 1 side Chinnor he was signed by Nottingham in the RFU Championship were he will combine his rugby career with a career in construction.
References
External links
Worcester Warriors Profile
1991 births
Living people
English rugby union players
Rotherham Titans players
Rugby union players from Durham, England
Worcester Warriors players
London Welsh RFC players
Rugby union flankers
David Thomas (born 1943) is an English classical bass singer, performing mostly in concert. He has performed internationally at notable concert halls and festivals.
Life
Thomas began his musical career as a chorister at St. Paul's Cathedral in London. He attended King's School, Canterbury, and then as a teenager on a choral scholarship at King's College, Cambridge. He focused on Early music, appearing with ensembles such as Consort of Musicke, conducted by Anthony Rooley, and Academy of Ancient Music, conducted by Christopher Hogwood.
As a soloist, he performad Bach's Christmas Oratorio in Leipzig and Berlin, Handel's Messiah in Italy, Handel's Serse at the Göttingen Handel Festival, among others. In the U.S., he performed Messiah in the Hollywood Bowl with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra, Schubert's Winterreise at Cornell University, and Handel's oratorios Judas Maccabaeus, Susanna and Theodora, conducted by Nicholas McGegan. He sang in Messiah at the 1985 Tanglewood Festival, with Hogwood conducting the Boston Symphony Orchestra. In 1993, he appeared as both Uriel and Adam in Haydn's Die Schöpfung in concerts with the BSO conducted by Simon Rattle and alongside soprano Barbara Bonney, at both the Boston Concert Hall and in Tanglewood.
In 1981, he took part in a recording of Purcell's The Fairy-Queen, conducted by John Eliot Gardiner. In 1982, he recorded the bass solo of Handel's Messiah with Christopher Hogwood conducting, alongside Emma Kirkby and Carolyn Watkinson. He recorded the bass arias in Bach's St Matthew Passion with the King's College Choir, conducted by Stephen Cleobury in 1994.
Thomas has been a professor of voice at Trinity College London and is father of the actress Antonia Thomas.
References
External links
David Thomas (Bass) Bach Cantatas Website 2001
British classical musicians
British performers of early music
Living people
1943 births
Joakim Stensmo is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Sweden.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
Swedish motorcycle racers
Living people
250cc World Championship riders
Year of birth missing (living people)
Maurice R. Rieder was a Swiss rower.
Olympics
He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's double sculls where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Swiss male rowers
Olympic rowers of Switzerland
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Emiliano Fenu (b. Siniscola on January 29, 1977) is an Italian politician. He is a Senator of the XVIII legislature of Italy for the 5-Star Movement. He is a member of the 6th Standing Committee (Finance and Treasury) since 21 June 2018. He is also a member of Parliamentary Supervisory Commission on the Tax Register since 29 November 2018.
References
Living people
1977 births
21st-century Italian politicians
Senators of Legislature XVIII of Italy
DD Nagaland is an English TV channel owned and operated by Prasar Bharati under Doordarshan, supported by Doordarshan studios in Kohima and Dimapur. Launched in 1992 DD Nagaland has entertainment serials, infotainment programmes, news and current affairs, social programmes and film programmes as its major content. In terrestrial mode, DD Nagaland is available to 96.7% of the population of Nagaland.
History
A regional language satellite channel was launched on 15 August 1992, which became 24 hrs channel on 1 January 2000. This came to be later on christened as "DD Nagaland", which is true to its name has been the true cultural ambassador of the State. It is the English language satellite channel supported by Doordarshan studios in Kohima and Dimapur. It has entertainment serials, infotainment programmes, news & current affairs, social programmes and film programmes as its major content. In terrestrial mode, DD Nagaland is available to 81.7% of the population of Nagaland. Today Doordarshan Kohima covers an area of 78.2% and population of 89.4%.
DD Nagaland has also telecasted programmes on promotion of fire safety at homework place, industry and at community level. Some of the past programs were: Agni Sanchike weekly T.V. serial programme and Fire Warden Organization, to provide an opportunity to volunteers to join hands with the Fire Services in improving fire safety awareness and quick reaction habits in the community. DD Nagaland channel also telecasted 20 commissioned programs, documentaries and software such as drama, telefilms and serials during the year 2004.
See also
List of programs broadcast by DD National
All India Radio
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting
DD Direct Plus
List of South Asian television channels by country
External links
Doordarshan Official Internet site
Doordarshan news site
An article at PFC
Kannada-language television channels
Doordarshan
Foreign television channels broadcasting in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 1991
Direct broadcast satellite services
Indian direct broadcast satellite services
1991 establishments in Nagaland
bn:দূরদর্শন
de:Durdarshan
es:Doordarshan
hi:दूरदर्शन (चैनल)
id:Podhigai Tv
id:Doordarshan
kn:ಡಿಡಿ ಚಂದನ
ml:ദൂരദര്‍ശന്‍
te:దూరదర్శన్
All Japan Intercollegiate Volleyball Championship (全日本バレーボール大学男女選手権大会 Zen Nippon Barēbōru Daigaku Danjo Senshuken Taikai) is an annual nationwide intercollegiate volleyball tournament. It is the largest scale amateur sport event in Japan.
The tournament, organized by the Japan College School Volleyball Federation and Asahi Shimbun, takes place in December at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
Previous winners
Men
Women
References
Volleyball competitions in Japan
Student sport in Japan
Recurring sporting events established in 1948
1948 establishments in Japan
The Klingbach is a stream, just under long, in South Palatinate, Germany, and a left-hand tributary of the Michelsbach.
Geography
Course
The main source of the Klingbach is located in the southern Palatine Forest, the German part of the Wasgau, at a height of about on the northeast slope of the hill on which the ruined Lindelbrunn Castle stands. Another, almost equally strong, source is situated a good two kilometres to the south. The two source streams converged after about three kilometres in Silz.
The Klingbach leaves the hills in an eastern direction at Klingenmünster and crosses the German Wine Route before reaching the Upper Rhine Plain. It flows through the western half of the plain, initially in an easterly direction, but later swinging more to the northeast. Southeast of Rohrbach it is joined on the left by the Kaiserbach, almost 20 kilometres long, and above Herxheim by the eight kilometre long Quodbach.
Until the first half of the 19th century, the Klingbach emptied into a bend of the Upper Rhine east of Hördt. With the channelization of the Rhine its confluence became part of the () Old Rhine. Today the old bend in the river is a river in its own right, called the Michelsbach.
Municipalities along the Klingbach
Silz
Münchweiler
Klingenmünster
Heuchelheim-Klingen
Billigheim-Ingenheim
Steinweiler
Rohrbach
Herxheim
Herxheimweyher
Rülzheim
Hördt
History
Running upstream alongside the Klingbach is part of the southern section of the Palatine Ways of St. James.
To distinguish it from other places with the name Münster ("minster"), the municipality of Klingenmünster was named after the stream.
References
See also
List of rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
South Palatinate
Rivers and lakes of the Palatinate Forest
Rivers of Germany
The Golden Triangle is the name given to the affluent region outside of Faro, capital of the Algarve region of Portugal. Famous for its luxury resorts and Michelin star restaurants, it is located between three points:
Resort-town of Vilamoura
Town of Almancil
Gated luxury communities of Quinta do Lago and Vale do Lobo
Vilamoura is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Portugal, home to a yacht marina and numerous resorts. Almancil is home to three Michelin starred restaurants, while Vilamoura has one. Quinta do Lago and Vale do Lobo are luxury gated communities that have both hosted the Portuguese Open, part of the PGA European Tour, in 1976, 1984–1986, 1988, 1989, 1990, and 2001–2003.
References
Resorts in Portugal
Algarve
Loulé
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Relay Women started on 8 December 2019 in Östersund and will be finished on 7 March 2020 in Nové Město. Norway was the titleholder.
Competition format
The relay teams consist of four biathletes. Every athlete's leg is skied over three laps for a total of , with two shooting rounds: one prone and one standing. For every round of five targets there are eight bullets available, though the last three can only be single-loaded manually from the spare round holders or from bullets deposited by the athlete into trays or onto the mat at the firing line. If after eight bullets there are still standing targets, one penalty loop must be taken for each remaining target. The first-leg participants start all at the same time, and as in cross-country skiing relays, every athlete of a team must touch the team's next-leg participant to perform a valid changeover. On the first shooting stage of the first leg, the participant must shoot in the lane corresponding to their bib number (bib #10 shoots at lane #10 regardless of their position in the race), then for the remainder of the relay, the athletes shoot at the lane corresponding to the position they arrived (arrive at the range in 5th place, shoot at lane five).
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Relay Women
The 5th Tank Battalion "M.O. Chiamenti" () is an inactive tank battalion of the Italian Army based in Tauriano in Friuli Venezia Giulia. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry. Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the Armored Brigade "Ariete".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 army reform: on 30 September 1975 the 32nd Tank Regiment was disbanded and the next day its XXIII Bersaglieri Battalion became the 23rd Bersaglieri Battalion "Castel di Borgo", while its III Tank Battalion became the 3rd Tank Battalion "M.O. Galas" and the V Tank Battalion became the 5th Tank Battalion "M.O. Chiamenti". As the war flag and traditions of the 32nd Tank Regiment were assigned to the 3rd Galas the 5th Chiamenti was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone. The battalion received the traditions of the V Tank Battalion "M", which had been formed by the 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment on 11 November 1940 and fought in the early stages of the Western Desert Campaign and was destroyed by the British XIII Corps in the Battle of Beda Fomm on 7–8 February 1941. For its service and sacrifice the V Tank Battalion "M" was awarded a Silver Medal of Military Valour, which was transferred from the flag of the 32nd Tank Regiment to the newly created flag of the 5th Tank Battalion "M.O. Chiamenti".
For its conduct and work after the 1976 Friuli earthquake the battalion was awarded a Silver Medal of Army Valour, which was affixed to the battalion's war flag and added to the battalion's coat of arms.
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 5th Tank Battalion's name commemorated 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment Maresciallo Carlo Chiamenti, who had served in the IV Tank Battalion "M" and was killed in action on 15 April 1941 during the Axis Invasion of Yugoslavia. Equipped with M60A1 Patton main battle tanks the battalion joined the Armored Brigade "Mameli", whose headquarters had been formed from the 32nd Tank Regiment's headquarters.
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began to draw down its forces and the "Mameli" was the first brigade disband. On 1 April 1991 the brigade was deactivated along with some of its subordinate units, while the 3rd and 5th tank battalions, and 23rd Bersaglieri Battalion joined the 132nd Armored Brigade "Ariete". On 25 August 1992 the 5th Tank Battalion "M.O. Chiamenti" disbanded and its personnel entered the "Galas" battalion, which entered the reformed 32nd Tank Regiment the next day.
See also
132nd Armored Brigade "Ariete"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
Giedrė is a Lithuanian feminine given name and may refer to:
GiedRé (full name Giedrė Barauskaitė), Lithuanian-French Lithuanian-born singer-songwriter and humorist
Giedrė Beinoriūtė (born 1976), Lithuanian filmmaker, screenwriter, and producer
Giedrė Dirvanauskaitė, Lithuanian cellist
Giedrė Lukšaitė-Mrázková (born 1944), Lithuanian-Czech musician
Giedrė Voverienė (born 1968), Lithuanian orienteer
Feminine given names
Lithuanian feminine given names
Bradley Nelson "Brad" Garcia (born 1986) is an American lawyer and official in the United States Department of Justice who is a nominee to serve as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Early life and education
Garcia earned a bachelor's degree in 2008 in international studies and economics from Johns Hopkins University, where he also was president of the university's chapter of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. Garcia then earned a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School in 2011.
He served as a law clerk from 2011 until 2012 for Judge Thomas Griffith on the D.C. Circuit and then clerked for Associate Justice Elena Kagan on the U.S. Supreme Court from 2012 until 2013.
Professional career
Garcia was a litigator at the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers from 2013 until 2022, where he led appellate litigation with a client list that included Google, Warner Brothers and Ford Motor Company. Garcia was appointed to be partner in late 2020. Garcia argued more than a dozen times before federal and state appeals courts including his first case before the Supreme Court of the United States in 2021, a pro bono immigration case. In February 2022, he joined the United States Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel, where he is a deputy assistant attorney general.
Notable cases
Garcia was also part of the legal team representing El Paso County, Texas in a suit challenging the diversion of Department of Defense funds to build a border wall.
In 2019, Garcia represented a man seeking better mental health treatment in a Pennsylvania prison. A unanimous panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit ruled in favor of the prisoner.
In 2019, Garcia was co-counsel for Jason Daniel Sims, who pleaded guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 922(g)(1). Sims was sentenced as an armed career criminal, and he appealed. The Armed Career Criminal Act ("ACCA") imposes a mandatory fifteen-year minimum sentence on a defendant convicted of being a felon in possession of a firearm or ammunition who has three or more previous convictions for violent felonies or serious drug offenses. 18 U.S.C. § 924(e)(1). The district court designated Sims an armed career criminal based on four convictions: two Arkansas residential burglaries and two serious drug offenses. Sims appealed, arguing that his previous Arkansas burglary convictions do not qualify as violent felonies and that he therefore lacks the three or more convictions necessary to qualify as an armed career criminal.
In 2022, Garcia was co-counsel for Bel Air Auto Auction, Inc. in their lawsuit against Great Northern Insurance Company. Bel Air's claims stemmed from Great Northern's denial of insurance benefits Bel Air asserts Great Northern owed it to cover business loss Bel Air incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Nomination to court of appeals
On June 15, 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Garcia to serve as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. President Biden nominated Garcia to the seat to be vacated by Judge Judith W. Rogers, who will take senior status on September 1, 2022. On July 27, 2022, a hearing on his nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. During his confirmation hearing, Republican senators questioned him on cases that he was involved with that dealt with gun rights and abortion access. On September 15, 2022, his nomination was reported out of committee by a 12–10 vote. His nomination is pending before the United States Senate. If confirmed, he would be the first Latino to serve as a judge on the D.C. Circuit.
References
External links
Appearances at the U.S. Supreme Court from the Oyez Project
1986 births
Living people
21st-century American lawyers
Harvard Law School alumni
Hispanic and Latino American lawyers
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
People associated with O'Melveny & Myers
People from Gaithersburg, Maryland
United States Department of Justice lawyers
The Durondeau pear (also known as Tongern, Birne von Tongern, Poire de Tongres and Beurré Durondeau} is a Belgian pear variety with a very pronounced, aromatic, fresh-sweet-sour taste. It was developed by the Walloon breeder Charles Louis Durondeau, from Tongre-Notre-Dame (fr) in Hainaut in the early 19th Century.
The Durondeau pear has a moderate to medium growth with thin, open and pendulous twigs and branches.
The fruits are medium to very large, with a greenish skin and firm flesh. The tastiest pears often have a red tinge along one side.
The Durondeau pear has a limited shelf life and should be eaten before the moment of maximum ripening. When the skin turns yellow, the flesh becomes less solid, slippery and bland and the typical tartness disappears.
The Durondeau season is short, lasting no more than a month. The fruits are typically at their peak in October, although this varies depending on the weather. Pears that reach the consumer in November or December often have brown spots inside and the flesh is floury and tasteless.
External links
Pear - Durondeau - tasting notes, identification, reviews
GUIDE DES POIRES - GUIDE OF PEAR - BEURRÉ DURONDEAUS
Pear cultivars
Burst phase is the first ten cycles of colorburst in the "porch" of the synchronising pulse in the PAL (Phase Alternation Line) broadcast television systems format. The frequency of this burst is 4.43361875 MHz; it is precise to .5 Hz, and is used as the reference frequency to synchronise the local oscillators of the colour decoder in a PAL television set.
This colorburst is sometimes called a "swinging burst", since it swings plus or minus 45 degrees line by line (hence the expression "phase alternating line"). This swing is used to set the centre frequency of the colour reference oscillator in the decoder. The swing of the burst phase distinguishes PAL from non-PAL lines, and produces the IDENT signal.
Television technology
Back to the Story is a compilation box set by Sixties band The Idle Race released in 1996 on EMI's short-lived "Premier" series. It contains all three official studio albums and non-album singles and B-sides. The original CD featured the earliest known tracks featuring Jeff Lynne in The Nightriders but it quickly went out of print. In 2007, the set was re-released on EMI's newly reconstituted "Zonophone" label minus the Nightriders tracks.
Tracks
CD One
(The Birthday Party)
The Skeleton And The Roundabout
Happy Birthday
The Birthday
I Like My Toys
Morning Sunshine
Follow Me Follow
Sitting In My Tree (mono)
On With The Show
Lucky Man
(Don't Put Your Boys In The Army) Mrs. Ward
Pie In The Sky
The Lady who Said She Could Fly
End Of The Road
(Idle Race)
Come With Me (rechanneled to simulate stereo)
Sea Of Dreams
Going Home
Reminds Me Of You
Mr. Crow and Sir Norman
Please No More Sad Songs
Girl At The Window
Big Chief Woolley Bosher
Someone Knocks
A Better Life (The weatherman Knows)
Hurry Up John
Alternative Versions
Lucky Man (mono)
Follow Me Follow (mono)
Days Of Broken Arrows (mono)
CD Two
(Non-album Tracks)
(Here We Go 'Round) The Lemon Tree (mono)
My Father's Son (mono)
Imposters Of Life's Magazine (mono)
Knocking Nails Into My House (mono)
Days Of The Broken Arrows (mono)
Worn Red Carpet (mono)
In The Summertime
Told You Twice
Neanderthal Man (rechanneled to simulate stereo)
Victim Of Circumstance (rechanneled to simulate stereo)
(Time Is)
Dancing Flower
Sad O'Sad
The Clock
I Will See You
By The Sun
Alcatraz
And The Rain
She Sang Hymns Out Of Tune
Bitter Green
We Want It All
21. It's Only the Dog (mono)
22. Your Friend (mono)
These last two tracks by The Nightriders appear only on the original 1996 release
1996 compilation albums
Albums produced by Eddy Offord
Albums produced by Jeff Lynne
The 1972 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on November 7, 1972 as part of the 1972 United States presidential election. Incumbent President Richard Nixon won the state of Illinois with 59.03 percent of the vote, carrying the state's 26 electoral votes. He defeated his main opponent, Democratic candidate George McGovern in Illinois by a large margin of 18.52%, which still left Illinois 4.63% more Democratic than the nation.
Nixon won all but one of Illinois' 102 counties. The solitary exception was Jackson County, home to Southern Illinois University Carbondale, which notably had voted for Nixon in the previous election and was one of only five counties outside McGovern's home state to switch from Republican to Democratic at this election. This election is the most recent in which Cook County voted Republican, the only Republican victory in St. Clair County since Calvin Coolidge in 1924, and the last until 2016 when Alexander County supported a Republican nominee. Nixon's 2,788,179 votes is the most received by a Republican presidential candidate in the state's history. Nixon was the first Republican ever to win a majority of the vote in strongly Democratic Macoupin County, which thus meant that every antebellum free state county had, as of 1972, given a majority to a Republican presidential candidate at least once.
Election information
The primaries and general elections coincided with those for other federal offices (Senate and House) and those for state offices.
Turnout
Turnout in the primaries was 22.54%, with a total of 1,258,713 votes cast.
Turnout in the general election was 75.99%, with a total of 4,723,236 votes cast.
Primaries
State-run primaries were held for the Democratic and Republican parties on March 21.
Democratic
The 1972 Illinois Democratic presidential primary was held on March 21, 1972 in the U.S. state of Illinois as one of the Democratic Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 1972 presidential election.
The popular vote was a "beauty contest". Delegates were instead selected by direct-vote in each congressional districts on delegate candidates, who had either pledged to support a candidate or been uncommitted.
Republican
The 1972 Illinois Republican presidential primary was held on March 21, 1972 in the U.S. state of Illinois as one of the Republican Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 1972 presidential election.
In this election, all candidates were write-ins.
The popular vote was a "beauty contest". Delegates were instead selected by direct-vote in each congressional districts on delegate candidates, who had either pledged to support a candidate or been uncommitted.
General election
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Illinois
Notes
References
1972 Illinois elections
Illinois
1972
Moulin Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, north of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Hildegard Schaeder (13 April 1902 – 11 April 1984) was a German theologian and church historian. In her research, she focused on the history and theology of Eastern orthodox churches, with studies not only in Breslau and Hamburg but also in Prague and the Soviet Union where she lived when the Nazis came to power.
In 1934, she returned to Germany, where she worked for the Prussian Privy State Archives, became a member of the Confessing Church and worked in Martin Niemöller parish in Dahlem, caring for persecuted Jews. She was imprisoned from 1943. After the liberation of Ravensbrück concentration camp, she moved to Göttingen, working at the university, and then to Frankfurt where she worked for the Protestant church in Germany (EKD) responsible for Eastern churches, and taught at the university from 1962 to 1978. In 2000, she was posthumously honoured as Righteous Among the Nations.
Life
Born in Kiel, Schaeder was the fourth child of the professor of systematic theology Erich Schaeder and his wife Anna née Sellschopp (1867–1948). She had three brothers; Hans Heinrich Schaeder became an orientalist, Reinhard Schaeder an economist, and Johann Albrecht Schaeder a physicist and brain researcher. She attended a private school first in Kiel and later, after her father had accepted a call from the Silesian Friedrich Wilhelm University, in Breslau, where she achieved the Abitur as an external student in 1920. She studied classical and slavic philology, Eastern European history, Byzantine studies and philosophy at the University of Breslau and the University of Hamburg. At the University of Hamburg, she received her doctorate in 1927 supervised by Richard Salomon with the dissertation "Moskau, das dritte Rom – Studien zur Geschichte der politischen Theorien in der slavischen Welt". After further studies in Prague and the Soviet Union, she returned to Germany in 1934. She began working as a research assistant in the of the Prussian Privy State Archives in Berlin in 1935.
Schaeder became a member of the Confessing Church in 1934, and from 1935 also worked actively in the , which was ministered by Martin Niemöller. She studied at the Kirchliche Hochschule für reformatorische Theologie which Niemöller had initiated in 1935, and which was run illegally after being banned immediately. A focus of her parish work was the care of Jews who had been deported to the Lublin Ghetto. She also explored hiding places for persecuted Jews in Berlin and supplied food and clothes to those in hiding. After a denunciation, Schaeder was taken into protective custody (Schutzhaft) on 14 September 1943 for "favouring fugitive Jews". She was imprisoned at the , and from 1944 as a political prisoner at the Ravensbrück concentration camp, where she was liberated in 1945.
She then worked in a parish in Mecklenburg, but moved to Göttingen, where her mother and siblings already lived after World War II. She was head of the group for Eastern Orthodox Churches at the University of Göttingen. From 1948 to 1970, she worked for the Protestant church in Germany (EKD) based in Frankfurt, as an Oberkirchenrätin responsible for Eastern churches. She also taught at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität in Frankfurt from 1962, as an honorary professor for the history of the Eastern Churches from 1965 to 1978.
Schaeder died in Freiburg im Breisgau at the age of 81. She was buried at the in Frankfurt.
Honours
In 1978 she was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Schaeder was awarded – posthumously – as "Righteous Among the Nations" in April 2000
A street in the Oberrad district of Frankfurt is named after Schaeder
Publications
Moskau, das dritte Rom – Studien zur Geschichte der politischen Theorien in der slavischen Welt; Hamburg; 1929
Die dritte Koalition und die Heilige Allianz – Nach neuen Quellen; Königsberg, Berlin; 1934
Ostern im KZ; Berlin; 1947
Russische Kirche und östl. Christentum. Edited by . With contributions from Hildegard Schaeder, Ludolf Müller, Robert Schneider. Tübingen 1949
Autokratie und Heilige Allianz; Darmstadt, 1963
Impulse für die evangelisch-orthodoxe Begegnung. Ausgewählte Schriften von 1949 bis 1972, edited by Karl Pinggéra, Jennifer Wasmuth and Christian Weise. Mit einer biographischen Hinführung von Gisa Bauer; Münster 2016 (Forum Orthodoxe Theologie; 17)
Further reading
Martin Rohkrämer: Kirchliche Ost-West-Begegnungen zwischen 1952 und 1959. In Willy Brandt, Helmut Gollwitzer, Johann Friedrich Henschel (ed.): Ein Richter, ein Bürger, ein Christ. Festschrift für Helmut Simon. Baden-Baden 1987, (Schaeder ).
: Leben gegen den Tod – Hildegard Schaeder: Ostern im KZ. Evangelischer Regionalverband, Frankfurt, 1995, .
: "Versöhnung durch Begegnung. Hildegard Schaeder als Osteuropahistorikerin, bekennende Christin und Ökumenikerin." In Hildegard Schaeder, Impulse für die evangelisch-orthodoxe Begegnung, ausgewählte Schriften von 1949 bis 1972; Münster 2016, 5–73.
Sabine Arend / Hans-Christian Petersen, Art. Schaeder, Hildegard, in Handbuch der völkischen Wissenschaften. Berlin, Boston 2nd edition 2017, .
References
External links
20th-century German historians
Women historians
People in Christian ecumenism
German Righteous Among the Nations
Ravensbrück concentration camp survivors
Goethe University Frankfurt faculty
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1902 births
1984 deaths
Writers from Kiel
20th-century German women writers
The names listed below were Earls (suo jure or jure uxoris) or Countesses (suo jure) during the reign of King Richard II of England, who reigned from 1377 to 1399.
Earl of Arundel
Richard FitzAlan, 11th Earl of Arundel, 9th Earl of Surrey (1376–1397)
Earl of Buckingham
Thomas of Woodstock, 1st Duke of Gloucester, 1st Earl of Buckingham, Earl of Essex (jure uxoris) (1377–1397)
Humphrey, 2nd Earl of Buckingham (1397–1399)
Earl of Cambridge (Second creation)
Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York, Earl of Cambridge (1362–1402)
Earl of Derby (Second creation)
John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, 2nd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster (jure uxoris), Earl of Leicester (jure uxoris) (1361–1399)
Henry Bolingbroke, 3rd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Northampton (1399) (from 1399 King Henry IV of England)
Earl of Devon
Edward de Courtenay, 3rd/11th Earl of Devon (1377–1419)
Earl of Essex (Fourth creation)
Thomas of Woodstock, 1st Duke of Gloucester, 1st Earl of Buckingham, Earl of Essex (jure uxoris) (1380–1397)
Earl of Gloucester (Fourth creation)
Thomas le Despencer, 1st Earl of Gloucester (1397–1399)
Earl of Huntingdon (Third creation)
Guichard d'Angle, Earl of Huntingdon (1377–1380)
Earl of Huntingdon (Fourth creation)
John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter, 1st Earl of Huntingdon (1388–1400)
Earl of Kent (Sixth creation)
Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent (1360–1397)
Earl of Lancaster
John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, 2nd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster (jure uxoris), Earl of Leicester (jure uxoris) (1361–1399)
Henry Bolingbroke, 3rd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Northampton (1399) (from 1399 King Henry IV of England)
Earl of Leicester (Second creation)
John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, 2nd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster (jure uxoris), Earl of Leicester (jure uxoris) (1362–1399)
Henry Bolingbroke, 3rd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Northampton (1399) (from 1399 King Henry IV of England)
Earl of March
Edmund de Mortimer, 3rd Earl of March (1360–1381)
Roger de Mortimer, 4th Earl of March (1381–1398)
Edmund de Mortimer, 5th Earl of March (1398–1425)
Earl of Norfolk (Third creation)
Margaret of Brotherton, 2nd Countess of Norfolk (suo jure) (1338–1399)
Thomas de Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk, 3rd Earl of Norfolk, 1st Earl of Nottingham (1399)
Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, 2nd Earl of Nottingham (1399–1405)
Earl of Northampton
Henry Bolingbroke, 3rd Earl of Derby, Earl of Lancaster, Earl of Leicester, Earl of Northampton (1384–1399) (from 1399 King Henry IV of England)
Earl of Nottingham
John de Mowbray, 1st Earl of Nottingham (1377–1383)
Earl of Nottingham (Second creation)
Thomas de Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk, 3rd Earl of Norfolk, 1st Earl of Nottingham (1399)
Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, 2nd Earl of Nottingham (1399–1405)
Earl of Oxford
Robert de Vere, 9th Earl of Oxford (1371–1388)
Aubrey de Vere, 10th Earl of Oxford (1393–1400)
Earl of Pembroke (Fourth creation)
John Hastings, 3rd Earl of Pembroke (1375–1389)
Earl of Richmond (Second creation restored)
John IV, Duke of Brittany, Earl of Richmond (1372–1393)
Arthur III, Duke of Brittany, Earl of Richmond (1393–1425)
Earl of Rutland
Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York, Earl of Cambridge, Earl of Rutland (1390–1415)
Earl of Salisbury (Second creation)
William Montagu, 2nd Earl of Salisbury (1344–1397)
John Montagu, 3rd Earl of Salisbury (1397–1400)
Earl of Somerset (Second creation)
John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset (1397–1410)
Earl of Stafford
Hugh Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford (1372–1386)
Thomas Stafford, 3rd Earl of Stafford (1386–1392)
William Stafford, 4th Earl of Stafford (1392–1395)
Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford (1395–1403)
Earl of Suffolk (Second creation)
William Ufford, 2nd Earl of Suffolk (1369–1382)
Earl of Suffolk (Third creation)
Michael de la Pole, 1st Earl of Suffolk (1385–1389)
Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk (1398–1399) (1399–1415)
Earl of Surrey
Richard FitzAlan, 11th Earl of Arundel, 9th Earl of Surrey (1376–1397)
Earl of Warwick
Thomas de Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick (1369–1401)
Earl of Westmorland
Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland (1397–1425)
Sources
Ellis, Geoffrey. (1963) Earldoms in Fee: A Study in Peerage Law and History. London: The Saint Catherine Press, Limited.
Richard II of England
Naphill is a village in the parish of Hughenden Valley, in Buckinghamshire, England. It is north-west of Hughenden, on the ridge of one of the Chiltern Hills, and is adjacent to the village of Walter's Ash.
The origin of its name is obscure. It is sometimes thought that people napped flints here, but this is disputed.
Naphill is a mainly linear settlement, with nearly all the houses built on side-roads branching off Main Road, which is just over long.
Naphill borders the ancient parishes of Bradenham, North Dean, and West Wycombe. Whilst a village in its own right, it is part of the Parish of Hughenden, and is located around the former border between two ancient British tribes, the Catuvellauni and the Atrebates. It is close to the ancient feature Grimm's Ditch.
Walter's Ash in Naphill is the location of RAF Strike Command, which contains a nuclear bunker built on National Trust land in 1983–1985. This lies near the wartime Bomber Command bunker built in the 1930s. There was a peace camp during the time of the construction of the nuclear bunker, and during that time two copies of the magazine The Angry Pacifist were produced.
Naphill Common
Naphill Common takes up a large part of Naphill, running the whole length of the village's west side. It is larger and more wooded than its neighbour, Downley Common. The Common contains evidence of an industrial background, including medieval iron smelting. Pieces of iron slag have been found in the area, which was once semi-enclosed. Also pieces of pottery dated to the 12th to 15th centuries have been found turned up by rabbits.
Naphill Common is home to several very large beech and oak trees. One beech tree has grown on a medieval enclosure, the purposes of which enclosure is unknown because only three of its sides are visible. Most of the iron kilns and pottery are to be found in this part of Naphill. Originally, Naphill Common was more open, with large trees separated by grass-covered open ground, rather than the dense wood that has grown up around it.
Naphill Common is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
References
External links
Naphill Village Website
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Sheikh Bureik (), locally called Sheikh Abreik or Sheikh Ibreik in recent times, was a Palestinian Arab village located southeast of Haifa. Situated at an ancient site that shows evidence of habitation as early as the Iron Age, it was known as Beit She'arayim in the Roman and Byzantine periods and became an important center of Jewish learning in the 2nd century, with habitation continuing during the Early Islamic period and limited signs of activity from the Crusader period.
The village appears under the name Sheikh Bureik in 16th century Ottoman archives. Named for a local Muslim saint to whom a shrine was dedicated that remains standing to this day, it was a small village whose inhabitants were primarily agriculturalists. Rendered tenant farmers in the late 19th century after the Ottoman authorities sold the village lands to the Sursuk family of Lebanon, the village was depopulated in the 1920s after this family of absentee landlords in turn sold the lands to the Jewish National Fund.
A new Jewish settlement, also named Sheikh Abreik, was established there in 1925. Excavations at the site in 1936 revealed the ancient city, known in Greek as Besara and identified as Beth Shearim by Benjamin Mazar. The excavated part of the ancient town has become the Beit She'arim National Park, which is managed by the Israel Nature and Parks Authority.
Name
The site is first mentioned in the writings of Josephus, the 1st-century Jewish historian under the name Besara. The Arab village was named for a Muslim saint (wali) known as Sheikh Abreik for whom a two-domed shrine was erected which is still a site of pilgrimage (ziyara). The name translates from Arabic into English as "the sheikh of the small pitcher". It has also been suggested that the name Abreik recalls the name of Barak, the military general mentioned in the Bible's Book of Judges as the son of Abinoam.
Following excavations in 1936 of an ancient city located on the hill upon which the village had been located, Benjamin Mazar identified the site as Beth Shearim, and this has been the official name of the site ever since, although the more accurate ancient name had been Bet She'arayim. Prior to Mazar's identification, it was thought that Sheikh Abreik was the ancient Geba, near Carmel.
Sheikh Abreik shrine
A small double-domed Maqam (shrine) holding the tomb of a Muslim saint, Sheikh Abreik or Ibreik, stands on the ridge of the hill and is still a site of ziyārah-type pilgrimage. At the time of the Survey of Western Palestine, its interior was painted red. Gottlieb Schumacher noted in the 1890s that: "The shrine of Sheik Abreik is still highly venerated by the Bedouin of the Merj ibn Amir. According to their tradition the Sheikh lived [before] the Prophet; it is a fact, that if you take an oath from a Bedawy, and make him swear by Sheikh Abreik, he will not deceive you." Tawfiq Canaan, the Palestinian physician and ethnographer, who wrote about the shrine of Sheikh Abriek in 1927, noted that it was also a site frequented by women seeking to remedy infertility: "After a barren woman has taken a bath in el-Matba'ah she washes herself in Ein Ishaq ["Spring of Isaac"]; she goes then to ash-shekh Ibreik to offer a present." Sheikh Abreik is described by Moshe Sharon as a local saint believed to have bestowed the nearby swamp of al-Matba'ah with healing properties that were said to be useful in treating rheumatism and nervous disorders. Sharon sees the possibility that an Abbasid-period poem found written on the wall of a nearby catacomb might mark the beginning of the maqām of Shaykh Abreik.
History
Iron Age
Pottery shards discovered at the site indicate that a first settlement there dates back to the Iron Age.
Roman and Byzantine periods
Beit She'arayim was founded at the end of the 1st century BCE, during the reign of King Herod. The Roman Jewish historian Josephus Flavius, in his Vita, referred to the city in Greek as Besara, the administrative center of the estates of Queen Berenice in the Jezreel Valley.
After the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 CE, the Sanhedrin (Jewish legislature and supreme council) moved to Beit She'arayim. The town is mentioned in rabbinical literature as an important center of Jewish learning during the 2nd century. Rabbi Judah the Prince (Yehudah HaNasi), head of the Sanhedrin and compiler of the Mishna, lived there and was buried there, as were many other Jews from all over the country and from the Jewish diaspora from nearby Phoenicia to far away Himyar in Yemen.
While it was originally thought that Bet She'arayim was destroyed during the Jewish revolt against Gallus in the mid-4th century, recent research has revealed the destruction to be far less extensive. An earthquake in 386 caused some damage, but the town recovered and enjoyed prosperity during the era of Byzantine rule. Almost 300 inscriptions primarily in Greek, but also in Hebrew, Aramaic, and Palmyrene were found on the walls of the catacombs containing numerous sarcophagi.
Early Islamic period
From the beginning of the Early Islamic period (7th century), settlement was sparse. The site shows signs of industrial activity from the Early Islamic Umayyad and Abbasid periods. Excavations uncovered 75 lamps dating to the period of Umayyad (7th–8th centuries) and Abbasid (8th–13th centuries) rule over Palestine.
Glassmaking industry
In 1956, a bulldozer working at the site unearthed an enormous rectangular slab, 11×6.5×1.5 feet, weighing 9 tons. Initially, it was paved over, but it was eventually studied and found to be a gigantic piece of glass. A glassmaking furnace was located here in the 9th century during the Abbasid period, which produced great batches of molten glass that were cooled and later broken into small pieces for crafting glass vessels.
Poem from Abbasid period
An elegy written in Arabic script typical of the 9–10th century and containing the date AH 287 or 289 (CE 900 or 902) was found in the Magharat al-Jahannam ("Cave of Hell") catacomb during excavations conducted there in 1956. Composed by the previously unknown poet Umm al-Qasim, whose name is given in acrostic in the poem, it reads as follows:
<blockquote>I lament the defender (who passed away)
While desire within his breast is still afire.
His generosity was not very manifest to the eye,
So that the envious ones neglect desiring him.
Yearning (for him) has made his resting place
(a site of) wakefulness and a shrine where people stay.
The blessing of beauty he enjoyed. Can any thing equal them
in the worlds? Nothing to match them can be found.
Closer come the Ages, but distance they cause;
for nearness they aspire, but friends they keep afar.
Were Desire to cause blame (to a person), (still) it could not subdue (him);
And if man's fortune does not ascend, he (too will) not rise.
Ask about it, and the experienced ones will tell thee
That Time combines both blame and praise:
As long as limpid it remains, life is happy, blissful
But once is turbid turns, miserable is life and painful
And wrote Ahmad b. Muhammad b. Bishr b. Abu Dulaf al-Abdi, and in these verses is a name. Take from the beginning of each verse one letter and you should comprehend it. And it was written in the month of Rabi II in the year 287 (or 289).
Moshe Sharon speculates that this poem might be marking the beginning of the practice of treating this site as the sanctuary of Shaykh Abreik and suggests the site was used for burial at this time and possibly later as well. He further notes that the cave within which the inscription was found forms part of a vast area of ancient ruins which constituted a natural place for the emergence of a local shrine. Drawing on the work of Tawfiq Canaan, Sharon cites his observation that 32% of the sacred sites he visited in Palestine were located in the vicinity of ancient ruins.
Crusader period
There is some evidence of activity in the former city area and necropolis dating to the Crusader period (12th century), probably connected to travellers and temporary settlement.
Village under Ottoman rule
Sheikh Bureik, like the rest of Palestine, fell under the rule of the Ottoman Empire between the 16th and 20th centuries. The village appears under the name Sheikh Bureik in 16th century Ottoman archives. In the imperial daftar for 1596, it is recorded as a village of 22 Muslim families located in the nahiya of Shafa in the liwa of Lajjun, whose inhabitants paid taxes on wheat, barley and summer crops. A map by Pierre Jacotin from Napoleon's invasion of 1799 showed the place, named as Cheik Abrit.
In 1859, the tillage of the village was 16 feddans. In 1872, the Ottoman authorities sold Shayk Abreik (together with a total of 23 villages and some seventy square miles of land) for £20,000 to the Sursuk family of Lebanon. In 1875, Victor Guérin found it to have 350 inhabitants.
In 1881, "The Survey of Western Palestine" describes Sheikh Abreik as a small village situated on a hill with a conspicuous Maqam (sanctuary) located to the south. The village houses were made mostly of mud, and it belonged to the Sursuk family. The population at this time was estimated to be around 150.
A population list from about 1887 showed that Sheikh Abreik had about 395 inhabitants; all Muslims.
During World War I, the "finest oaks" of Sheikh Bureik were "ruthlessly destroyed" by the Turkish Army for use as rail fuel.
Village under British Mandatory rule
During the period of Mandate Palestine, in the October 1922 census of Palestine, the population of Sheikh Bureik was recorded as 111 Muslims (51 male and 60 female). The villagers were primarily agriculturalists, who were made tenant farmers in the late 19th century after the Ottoman authorities sold the village lands to the Sursuk family of Lebanon, who assumed the title of absentee landlords.
The area was acquired by the Jewish community as part of the Sursock Purchase. At some time during the early 1920s, the Sursuk family sold the lands of the village to the Jewish National Fund, purchased in the name of the "Palestine Land Development Company" via Yehoshua Hankin, a Zionist activist who was responsible for most of the major land purchases of the World Zionist Organization in Ottoman Palestine. The land purchased by the JNF were classified by the Government of Palestine under "miri property," meaning, lands given out for conditional public use, while ultimate ownership lay with the Government; or what is tantamount to private usufruct State land. After the sale, which included lands from the Arab villages of Harithiya, Sheikh Abreik and Harbaj, a total of 59 Arab tenants were evicted from the three villages, with 3,314 pounds compensation paid. The Muslim shrine on the site was not sold and fell to the administration of the Government of Palestine.
In 1926-7 an agricultural settlement was established by the Hapoel HaMizrachi, a Zionist political party and settlement movement; the village continued to be called by its Arabic name Sheikh Abreik. By 1930, the new Jewish settlement had a population of 45 spanning an area of 1,089 dunams. In 1940, the High Commissioner of the British Mandate for Palestine placed the village in Zone B for land transfers, meaning that transfer of land to a person other than a Palestinian Arab was permitted in certain specified circumstances.
See also
Al-Khansa (7th century), the best known female poet in Arabic literature, famous for her elegies
Beit She'arim National Park
List of villages depopulated during the Arab–Israeli conflict
References
Bibliography
Abu El Haj, N. (2001): Facts on the Ground: Archaeological Practice and Territorial Self-Fashioning in Israeli Society(p.81..more about Bet Shearim)
(Sharon, 2004, mentions p.325, p.345, p. 346, p. 347, p. 348, p.349, p. 350, and p.351)
(visited Sheik Abreik and "The Cave of Hell" in 1883; see p.38 ff.)
External links
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 5: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Maqam sheikh Abreik (Bureik)
Arab villages depopulated prior to the 1948 Arab–Israeli War
Islamic shrines in Israel
Bžany may refer to several places:
Bžany, Stropkov District, village in Stropkov District, Slovakia
Bžany (Teplice District), village in Teplice District, Czech Republic
(Hyppolyte) Louis Alexandre Dechet (alternatively, spelled Dechez; Lyon, 20 January 1801 - Lier, 18 October 1830) was a French actor and is regarded the author of the lyrics of the Brabançonne, the Belgian national anthem. His pseudonym was Jenneval, possibly named after the drama Jenneval, ou le Barnevelt français (1769) of Louis Sébastien Mercier.
Dechet worked in Ajaccio, Marseille and in 1826 at the Paris Odéon. Via Lille he finally came to Brussels, where he played at La Monnaie. In 1828 he returned to Paris in order to work at the Comédie Française, but returned to Brussels immediately after the July Revolution in 1830. He there served with the city guard which was responsible for maintaining law and order.
Dechet is said to have written the text of the Brabançonne during the first revolutionary gatherings at the café "L'Aigle d'Or" in the Brussels Greepstraat in August 1830, shortly after the performance of the opera La Muette de Portici, which triggered the Belgian revolution.
During the Belgian Revolution Dechet became a volunteer in the revolutionary army and joined the corps of Frenchman Charles Niellon. He died during a combat against the Dutch near Lier.
On the Place des Martyrs/Martelaarsplein in Brussels, a column honouring Dechet is to be found, which was created by the sculptor Alfred Crick and inaugurated in 1897.
Gallery
External links
Historical background of the Brabançonne by the Compagnie Royale des Francs Arquebusiers (in French)
1801 births
1830 deaths
Male actors from Lyon
French male stage actors
French poets
People of the Belgian Revolution
Troupe of the Comédie-Française
19th-century French male actors
French expatriates in Belgium
French male poets
19th-century poets
19th-century male writers
National anthem writers
我沒有變過 愛的習慣 is Justin Lo's fifth studio album which was released on June 22, 2010.
Track listing
"Intro"
"無限大"
"愛的習慣"
"原來你什麼都想要"
"合唱歌" with Gloria Tang Tze Kei (G.E.M.)
"Second Best"
"Love 40"
"三歲或八十"
"信口開河"
"膚淺"
"頭條新聞"
"She's Out Of My Life"
"(一個人唱的)合唱歌"
"B.O.K TWENTIETEN"
External links
Album's information on moov.hk (in Chinese)
Justin Lo albums
2010 albums
Avsallar is a belde (town, municipality) in the Alanya district of Antalya Province, Turkey.
Geography
It is a coastal town at , it is on Turkish state highway which runs from west to east in southern Turkey. The distance to Alanya is and to Antalya is . The population of Avsallar was 9527 .
History
It's believed that Avsallar was founded by a group of Oghuz Turks belonging to the Avshar tribe from Kençek Señir (a historical settlement in Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan) in the 15th century. The name Avsallar is thought to be a corrupted form of Avsharlar (-lar is a Turkic plural suffix). The earlier settlement was to the north of the present Avsallar. In 1843 following a fire, the people moved to present location. In 1986 Avsallar was declared a seat of township.
Economy
The economy of the town depends on tourism and citrus farming. But because of new hotel constructions the proportion of land allocated to farming is shrinking.
International relations
Twin towns – Sister cities
Avsallar is twinned with:
Nowy Sącz, Poland
References
Populated places in Antalya Province
Towns in Turkey
Alanya District
Populated coastal places in Turkey
Annegret Brießmann (born 28 July 1972) is a 1.0 point wheelchair basketball player, who plays for the Frankfurt . She has also played with the German national team which won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. President Joachim Gauck awarded the team Germany's highest sporting honour, the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf).
Biography
Annegret Brießmann was born in on 28 July 1972. She now lives in Einhausen. As a teenager, she played soccer for SKG Ober-Beerbach Fußball, and participated in track and field events with TSV Eschollbrücken. She also played basketball with the local team, BSC Einhausen, for many years.
A skiing accident in Austria in 2005 resulted in a broken vertebra, rendering Brießmann a paraplegic. She went back to track and field athletics, winning the German national championship in the shot put with a throw of . In athletics she had a Disability sport classification of T55. In the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) world rankings her shot put throw of ranked her fifth in the world; her in discus put her in eighth place; and in the javelin with she was ranked eleventh. Einhausen named her their Sportswoman of the Year in 2009. However, T55 classification events were dropped from the track and field program for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Brießmann was introduced to the sport of wheelchair basketball while in rehab. She was classified as a 1.0 point player, the highest level of disability. She played in Darmstadt and Aschaffenburg, then joined the in Frankfurt in 2010. Playing for Team Hessen, she won the women's championships in 2009, 2011 and 2012. She began training with the national squad, and in July 2012 national coach Holger Glinicki nominated her for the national team for the London Paralympics.
In the Gold Medal match in London, the team faced the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, who had defeated them 48–46 in Sydney just a few months before, in front of a capacity crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena. The German team had been undefeated up to that point, but had started off slow in its games against the United States and China, winning these games by six-point margins, and seemed to play its best basketball only in the final minutes of a game. They defeated the Australians 44–58 in front of a crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena to win the gold medal, the first that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball in 28 years. It was the first gold medal that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984. They were awarded the Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012, and were named Team of the Year for 2012.
The German team lost the European Championship to the Netherlands before a home town crowd of 2,300 in Frankfurt in July 2013 by a point, 56–57. It claimed silver at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and beat the Netherlands in the 2015 European Championships, to claim its tenth European title. At the 2016 Paralympic Games, it won silver after losing the final to the United States.
Achievements
2012: Gold at the Paralympic Games (London, England)
2013: Silver at the European Championships (Frankfurt, Germany)
2014: Silver at the World Championships (Toronto, Canada)
2015: Gold at the European Championships (Worcester, England)
2016: Silver at the Paralympic Games (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
Awards
2012: Team of the Year
2012: Silver Laurel Leaf
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
German women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Germany
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Recipients of the Silver Laurel Leaf
The karate competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines were held at World Trade Center Metro Manila from 7 to 9 December 2019.
Schedule
The following is the schedule for the karate competitions. All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Medal table
Medalists
Kata
Kumite
Men
Women
References
External links
Results (Archived version)
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
2019
2019 in karate
Clive Pullen (born 18 October 1994) is a Jamaican athlete specialising in the triple jump. He represented his country at the 2016 Summer Olympics without qualifying for the final.
His personal bests in the event are 16.90 metres outdoors (+1.9 m/s 2016) and 17.19 metres indoors (Fayetteville 2017).
International competitions
References
1994 births
Living people
Jamaican male triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
Jamaican expatriates in the United States
Arkansas Razorbacks men's track and field athletes
Olympic male triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Jamaica
Commonwealth Games competitors for Jamaica
A Chit The Lay Pyay () is a 2002 romantic-drama film, directed by Ko Aung Min Thein starring Dwe, Eaindra Kyaw Zin, Sai Bo Bo, Phyo Ngwe Soe, Smile and Nawarat. It premiered in Myanmar Cinemas on June 28, 2002.
Cast
Dwe as Nay Min
Eaindra Kyaw Zin as Lay Pyay
Sai Bo Bo as Shan Lay
Phyo Ngwe Soe as Phyo Ngwe Soe
Smile as Ngu Wah
Nawarat as Nway Oo
Win Naing as Ko Kyaw Gyi
Nyaung Nyaung as Pae Si
Kutho as Johnny
References
2002 films
2000s Burmese-language films
Burmese romantic drama films
Films shot in Myanmar
Gariahat Road becomes Raja SC Mullick road from the intersection of Prince Anwar Shah Road Connector and traverses mainly through Jadavpur and then the inner parts of South Kolkata and ends at Garia, where it meets the Netaji Subash Chandra Bose Road.
Localities
Formerly known as Lady Willingdon Road and starting from the Jadavpur P.S. at its north end, it traverses about four kilometers to Garia through many important landmarks like the Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute, Jadavpur University, Indian Association of Cultivation of Science, Indian Institute of Chemical Biology and KPC Medical College & Hospital.
The intersection of Raja SC Mullick Road and Central Road is a very busy place with the 8B bus stand, numerous shops, restaurants, Jadavpur Railway Station, Auto Rickshaw stands and Government Offices in its vicinity.
Food joints
The 8B bus stand junction on this road is very crowded but it offers a variety of restaurants, food stalls and confectionaries on Central Road. There are air-conditioned restaurants such as Banzara, Blue Lagoon. Then there are small snack shops selling Chicken patties and other snacks such as Sugar and Spice, Bake Club. There are a number of confectionaries selling a large variety of Bengali sweets. These are Hindustan Sweets, Shri Krishna Mistanna Bhandar, Kamdhenu, Ganguram to name a few. Finally, there are several nameless stalls on the road selling rolls (chicken, egg-chicken etc.) and a Kolkata street variety of Chow Mein and Chili Chicken. Besides the local population, the students and faculties of Jadavpur University are also customers of these stores.
Landmarks
Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute
Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science
Jadavpur University
KPC Medical College and Hospital
Apartment Complex
On S.C.Mullick Road, three big apartment complexes have come up recently. They are Ekta Heights, Orbit City and West Wind. These are gated communities with several multistoried apartment buildings in each. Each complex also has facilities like gym, swimming pool, car parking for residents, security guard. Some complexes also provide Tennis Court, standby generator (used during power cuts), garbage collection.
External links
Jadavpur University
Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science
Indian Institute of Chemical Biology
Dinabandhu Andrews College
See also
Roads in Kolkata
Binabinaaine, or pinapinaaine, (with the meaning of "becoming a woman" in Gilbertese) are people who identify themselves as having a third-gender role in Kiribati and Tuvalu, and previously in the Gilbert and Ellice Islands which reunited the two archipelagoes. These are people whose sex is assigned male at birth, but who embody female gendered behaviours.
The term comes from Gilbertese and has been loaned into Tuvaluan; it can be used as a noun, a verb or an adverb. The more rarely used term in Tuvaluan is fakafafine. There are similarities between the societal roles that pinapinaaine share with other gender liminal communities from the Pacific, including the Samoan fa'afafine and the Tongan fakaleiti.
According to anthropologist Gilbert Herdt, binabinaaine are known for their performances (dancing and singing mainly) and their ability to comment on the appearance and behaviour of Gilbertese and Tuvaluan men. Herdt also wrote that some Tuvaluans view pinapinaaine as a "borrowing" from Kiribati whence other "'undesirable' traits of Tuvaluan culture, like sorcery, are thought to have originated", but those ideas are mainly spread by Protestant churches as Church of Tuvalu originated from Samoa, where the equivalent of binabinaaine also exists. He also described how, in Funafuti, young women are often friends with older pinapinaaine.
References
Gender in Oceania
Gender systems
Tuvaluan culture
Third gender
Transgender in Oceania
Society of Tuvalu
Indigenous LGBT culture
Kiribati culture
Marie Lilienberg (October 17, 1959 – July, 1983) and Maria Wahlen (November 6, 1957 – July, 1983) were a pair of Swedish tourists who were murdered by an unknown assailant while hitchhiking from Northern California to Los Angeles during July 1983. The case attracted significant media attention in the United States in the summer of 1983, before going cold for several years. It gained renewed interest in September 1991, following an anonymous phone call to the Swedish consulate in San Diego, which implicated a Canadian man named Loren in the murders. The anonymous phone call led to the case being featured in an April 1992 episode of Unsolved Mysteries. Loren and the anonymous caller were later identified by police, with the former never being charged for the murders. It is suspected that Loren may have been convicted serial killer Loren Herzog, although this has not been officially confirmed.
Case information
Lilienberg and Wahlen first met each other during January 1983, while working as maids at a skiing resort in Vail, Colorado. Lilienberg was studying in Sweden to be a gymnastics teacher and Wahlen was a pre-school teacher in the country. Lillienberg arrived in the United States during the fall of 1982, having previously visited the country twice before, while it was Wahlen's first time in the country. The duo later visited Hawaii together when the skiing season ended, before deciding to spend the summer together exploring the coast of California. They planned to hitchhike for the Californian trip, as they were running low on money.
They were last seen on July 22, 1983 in Redwood City, leaving the house of an acquaintance they had met in Colorado. They planned to hitchhike to Los Angeles, where they would catch a flight to New York, which was scheduled to depart in two days. From New York they would have caught another flight back to Sweden. Wahlen kept a detailed diary of her journeys, which stopped being updated on July 22, 1983.
On the day they were scheduled to depart for New York, several items belonging to the women were found in a dumpster behind a business near a freeway in Commerce in Los Angeles County. Among the items found were Wahlen's diary, as well as two undeveloped rolls of film. Police later developed the photos in order see if they contained clues related to the disappearance.
Their parents, Ove Lilienberg and Lars Wahlen, had kept in regular contact with them via phone calls up until July 16, 1983. The fathers travelled to California at the beginning of August 1983 to find their daughters, making several pleas to the media.
Two heavily decomposed bodies were found by deer hunters on August 18 at Los Padres National Forest near Monterey. (Many years later an Unsolved Mysteries segment identified the area as Santa Barbara.) Dental records from Sweden confirmed that the bodies were Lilienberg and Wahlen. The women were both naked, having been sexually assaulted and stabbed to death. One of their arms had been torn off, presumably because of wildlife such as coyotes.
The story was picked up by the American media during August 1983, with many noting that the women came from a more trusting society where hitchhiking was not viewed as dangerous.
On September 26th, 1991 an anonymous phone caller rang the Swedish consulate in San Diego with information regarding the murders. The caller claimed he knew a Canadian man named Loren who would drive through San Diego every year, on his way to Mexico. He stated Loren hated women, and that Loren had once told him he came across two Swedish women in 1983 who tried to con him. Loren and the anonymous caller were later identified by police, but no one was ever charged for the murders, with the case continuing to remain unsolved.
Loren was described in the call as having red hair. The description of Loren's appearance conflicts with that of Loren Herzog, who many believe may be a possible suspect in the case. Herzog also had no known connections to Canada.
Ove Lilienberg died in 2020.
Unsolved Mysteries segment
The Unsolved Mysteries segment originally aired on April 8, 1992, and was the first coverage of the case on network television in the United States since the discovery of the bodies less than nine years earlier. The segment featured an interview with trucker Mark Hanson, who remembered once giving the duo a ride from San Diego to Compton.
Repeat broadcasts on Lifetime Television for many years thereafter included an update that detailed how police had identified Loren Herzog from details provided by the anonymous caller. The update suggested that there was further evidence implicating Herzog in the murders. When Unsolved Mysteries was released to streaming services in the late 2010s, the update was removed, and all references to Herzog's name were edited out, though the anonymous phone call to the Swedish consulate remained part of the publicly accessible video.
References
1983 in California
1983 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in California
July 1983 events in the United States
The Trans-European Suture Zone (TESZ), also known as the Tornquist Zone, is the crustal boundary between the Precambrian East European Craton and the Phanerozoic orogens of South-Western Europe. The zone runs from the North Sea to the Black Sea. The north-western part of the zone was created by the collision of Avalonia and Baltica/East European Craton in the Late Ordovician. The south-eastern part of the zone, now largely concealed by deep sedimentary basins, developed through Variscan and Alpine orogenic events.
Various branches of the TESZ go under different names:
The Teisseyre-Tornquist Zone (TTZ) in Ukraine and Poland.
The Sorgenfrei-Tornquist Zone (STZ) through Scania (Sweden), Kattegat, and North Jutland (Denmark).
The Trans-European Fault (TEF), Thor-Tornquist Suture or Thor Suture through southern Denmark.
The latter two branches (STZ and TEF) span a triangular area of numerous faults, called the Tornquist Fan.
History of Discovery
In 1893 the Polish geologist Wawrzyniec Teisseyre suggested the existence of a buried tectonic line close to the Carpathian Mountains. As part of his work on a Geological Atlas of Galicia he mapped the line from Galicia in Ukraine to south-eastern Poland. In 1908 the German geologist Alexander Tornquist mapped the continuation of the zone from Poland to Scania in Sweden.
Tornquist Fan
Whereas the south-eastern part of the TESZ (Teisseyre-Tornquist Zone) is relatively well-confined, the north-western part divides into numerous sutures and faults, which fan out towards the North Sea and the Iapetus Suture which runs between the Scandinavian and Scottish Caledonides. It includes the following linear features (sorted from the north-east):
The Fennoscandian Border Zone (FBZ) in Skagen and Kattegat
The Sorgenfrei-Tornquist Zone (STZ), including many parallel horsts in Scania (e.g. Linderödsåsen and Söderåsen). This zone experienced extension in the Jurassic. In association to this event numerous monogenetic volcanoes sprang up in Central Scania.
Ringkøbing-Fyn High (RFH)
Caledonian Deformation Front (CDF)
Trans-European Fault (TEF)
The Moho under the Tornquist Fan has a strong topography with depths varying between 26 and 48 km. It started forming during the Caledonian orogeny as a microcontinent or a series of terranes of Avalonian origin amalgamated with Baltica. Faults are believed to have continued forming until late Paleozoic.
Teisseyre-Tornquist Zone
The Teisseyre-Tornquist Zone (TTZ), extending from Pomerania at the Baltic Sea to the Dobruja at the Black Sea, is primarily known from geophysical studies. Seismic data and gravity models suggest a strong contrast in crustal thickness, with 28–35 km down to the Moho to the west of the suture and 42–47 km to the east of it. The suture is believed to be buried under thick upper Paleozoic and Mesozoic sediments, and located further west than indicated by historical surface observations.
See also
References
Natural history of Europe
Geology of Denmark
Geology of Poland
Geology of Sweden
Geology of Ukraine
Ordovician paleogeography
Ordovician Sweden
Paleozoic Denmark
Paleozoic Poland
Paleozoic Ukraine
Suture zones
The Southworth Library was a library located in the village of Padanaram, a coastal village located in Dartmouth, Massachusetts, at 404 Elm Street. The library was opened in 1890, and is currently known as the Dartmouth Cultural Center.
History
Origin
In 1878, the pastor of the Congregational church of South Dartmouth - Reverend Salter F Calhoun, formed a group with the aim of creating a public library. The initial library was only available to Padanaram residents, and only contained eight books. The original collection was located at the home of Edward Manchester, but as it progressed in size it was moved to Potter's Store. The last location before it was moved to its final position was a small building across the street from Potter's Store. The location there's rent was paid for by Dr. Andrew B. Cushman, in return for use of the library as an office.
Construction
In March 1888 the land that the library would be built upon was sold by Captain George O. Baker to the library association for 200 United States dollars. Funds for the library were procured from John Haywood Southworth, who in addition to donating funds needed for creating the building, also donated 2,500 books - all in the memory of his father. The building was designed by architect R. H. Slack, who fashioned the building with a reference room in the shape of a half circle, an additional room with the fiction collection, and a downstairs section for children's literature. The building was two stories, 1,999 square feet, and cost $4,785 USD to build. Southworth library was completed, and dedicated in February 1, 1890 by Reverend Martin S. Howard.
Public usage
At the time the library was dedicated a library card cost 50 cents, with late fees being 1 cent per day.
The library was supplied with running water and modern plumbing in 1921.
In 1927, the library was acquired by the town of Dartmouth. In the same year the libraries collection consisted of 17,921 books.
During the Great Depression the library gathered unemployed boys.
In 1958 the library no longer had enough room to fit their collection of books, and by 1967 the town agreed to spend $515,000 on building a new library.
There at one time was a tram line running along the street next to the library.
As the Dartmouth Cultural Center
The Dartmouth Cultural Center - which is housed at the library - hosts various events in the local community, mostly regarding art and youth activities. They also offered online services during the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
Dartmouth Cultural Center official website
Libraries in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Dartmouth, Massachusetts
Library buildings completed in 1890
1889 establishments in Massachusetts
Wim Van Belleghem (born 10 June 1963) is a Belgian former rower from Koolkerke near Bruges. He won the World Championships lightweight class single scull in 1987. After Polydore Veirman of the Royal Club Nautique de Gand, and Eveline Peleman of Royal Sport Nautique de Gand he is the most important Belgian single sculler of all time.
Van Belleghem was born in Bruges. He was world champion in the lightweight single sculls at the 1987 World Rowing Championships in Copenhagen. At the Olympic Games in Seoul (1988), he partnered Alain Lewuillon from Brussels, the Belgian national assistant-coach, in the coxless pairs. They came fourth in the final just one tenth of a second short of the bronze and Lewuillon had some shoe problems during that race. Van Belleghem also won silver medals in the single sculls in the 1989 and 1990 World Rowing Championships, and a bronze medal in 1991. In 1991, he won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in single scull open category racing for Royal Club Nautique de Gand. Van Belleghem was coached by Jens Mac Marren (S), Yvan Vanier (NL), Mike Spracklen, and Riszard Kedjiersky (P) among other.
Formerly a dealer for Aylings Rowing Boat in Belgium, he now runs a transport company and a car showroom in Bruges.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Belgian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Belgium
Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Flemish sportspeople
Sportspeople from Bruges
World Rowing Championships medalists for Belgium
20th-century Belgian people
Erich Kuby (28 June 1910 – 10 September 2005) was a German journalist, publisher and screenwriter.
Life
Early years
Kuby's father had bought in 1901 an estate in West Prussia, but after one year he had to give up working it. He then moved to Munich and met his future wife Dora Süßkind. Their son Erich was born in 1910 in Baden-Baden.
In 1913, the family moved to the Alpine foothills in Upper Bavaria where the father again took over a farm. There the child grew up while his father served in World War I as a reserve officer. After the end of the war the family moved to Weilheim where Kuby was enrolled in the "Gymnasium" (preparatory school for university). Due to his father's long absence, he seemed to Kuby to be "a rather strange man."
In Munich Kuby took violin lessens. At school he was influenced politically by, among other people, a critical Jewish professor. In Munich he received his diploma as external student. He then studied Economics at the universities of Erlangen and Hamburg and completed his studies in 1933. During his semester breaks he worked as a longshoreman at the Blohm & Voss company in Hamburg.
In 1933 he emigrated, traveling by bicycle, together with his Jewish girlfriend Ruth, to Yugoslavia. However, he returned from there to Germany, alone, after a few months because he reportedly wanted to analyze from a close distance, but nevertheless intellectually from afar, the "process of decay" of the country.
He moved from Munich to Berlin and worked in the picture archive of the Scherl Publishing House. In 1938 he married the sculptress Edith Schumacher, the daughter of the National Economist Hermann Schumacher of Berlin. Together they had five children. His wife's sister was married to the atomic physicist Werner Heisenberg. They were "Absolute Patriots" (title of his history of the family which was published in 1996). During the Second World War Kuby served in the (German army) in France and on the eastern front.
In Russia in 1941, Kuby was brought before a military court because of a supposed infraction of sentinel duty regulations and sentenced to nine months in prison and reduced in rank from corporal to private. He described the normal life of a German soldier in letters and with almost daily diary entries, and he completed many sketches. After the war he was, for a short time, until June 1945, a prisoner of war in U.S. captivity. He published his war experiences later in the works (Demidoff; or, On the Invulnerability of Mankind, 1947), (Nothing but Smoking Ruins, 1959), and his magnum opus (My War, 1975). In 2000 he published these as a complete edition.
Journalistic career
After the war Kuby first rebuilt his parents' destroyed house in Weilheim. Then he was hired by the American military administration ICD (Information Control Division) in Munich as advisor. He was given the task of awarding newspaper publishing licenses to trustworthy people. In January 1946 he took part in the founding of the magazine ("The Call"). He was named its chief editor in 1947 after the dismissal of Alfred Andersch and Hans Werner Richter. However, in this role Kuby fared no better and, after a year, was also forced to leave. Nevertheless, he continued his journalistic career and founded his own publishing house, a step he later came to regret. In the following years he worked for the as editor. He then became a freelance contributor to many magazines such as , and . In his articles the "" or "top ranked fouler of his own nest" (according to Heinrich Böll) occupied a political position between parties and was an important opponent of German rearmament.
Kuby was considered to be one of the most important chroniclers of the German Federal Republic. In the 1960s he became involved in the student uprisings. In the summer of 1965, the Kuby case made headlines throughout Germany when the then head of the Free University of Berlin forbade Kuby to speak at the university. Seven years earlier Kuby had criticized the use of the name "Free University" and therefore was not allowed to accept the invitation by AStA (General Students' Committee) to take part in a discussion panel. This led to massive protests by the student body.
In 1965, Kuby wrote a six-part series for titled "" ("The Russians in Berlin 1945") and afterwards published it as a book while making extensive use of the then available sources in Eastern Europe.
He always maintained a non-partisan point of view and was not afraid of criticism by like-minded people or former colleagues. In 1983 and 1987 he wrote detailed critical analyses of Germany's past and present for the magazines and . With his war diary ("My War, notes from 2129 days," 1975) Kuby presented an ordinary soldier's insider view of the from 1939 to 1945. This first edition was not well received, perhaps because of its documentation of German collective responsibility for the excesses of WW2 and even WW1.
Radio and screenplays
Along with his journalistic activity, he adapted socially critical material for radio and television. His controversial radio play about the senseless defense of Fortress Brest in France by the toward the end of the war earned him the accusation of slander by the responsible general Hermann-Bernhard Ramcke. Kuby had taken part as a soldier in the destruction of Brest in 1944. In 1959 the charge was dismissed by the courts.
Kuby became famous because of his collaboration in the screenplay for the movie Rosemary. It served as the basis for his 1958 novel ("Rosemarie: The Favorite Child of the Economic Miracle"). It is about the unsolved murder of Frankfurt call girl Rosemarie Nitribitt. The drama exposed the hypocrisy and dark side of the German ("economic miracle"). His fictional representation captured the Zeitgeist of the times so realistically that his hypothetical version of the background of the murder was largely accepted as truth by public opinion. Even minor details, such as Rosemarie's supposedly red sports car (the legendary Mercedes-Benz 190SL), are treated in many accounts even today as being factual. While Rosemarie did have a Mercedes sports car, it was black according to contemporary reports.
Final years
Kuby spent his final 25 years mostly in Venice, from where he continued to take part in Germany's political debates. Until 2003 the "Homme de lettres" wrote columns under the byline ("Newspaper Reader") for the weekly magazine ("Friday"). He died in his 95th year and is buried on the island cemetery of San Michele in Venice.
Family
Erich Kuby married twice, the second time with author and publisher Susanna Böhme (born 1947) with whom he had a son named Daniel. From his marriage with Edith Schumacher (1910–2001), he had the children Thomas, Gabriele, Clemens, and Benedikt. The last three are also writers. Sophia Kuby, spokesperson for the media network "Generation Benedikt," is his grandchild.
Awards
In 1992, Kuby was awarded the (Publisher's Prize of Munich) for his lifelong activity in publishing. The laudatory speech was delivered by Wolfgang R. Langenbucher. Kuby was posthumously awarded the Kurt-Tucholsky-Preis of 2005. The laudatory speech was delivered by Heinrich Senfft.
Selected works
(1947): Demidoff oder von der Unverletzlichkeit der Menschen, by Erich Kuby under the pseudonym Alexander Parlach, Paul List (publisher), Munich
(1956): Das Ende des Schreckens: Dokumente des Untergangs Januar bis Mai 1945, Süddeutscher Publishing, Munich
(1957): Das ist des Deutschen Vaterland - 70 Millionen in zwei Wartesälen. Stuttgart: Scherz & Goverts, 485 S.
(1958): Rosemarie. Des deutschen Wunders liebstes Kind. Stuttgart: Goverts, 306 S., Nachdruck: Rotbuch Verlag, Berlin 2010,
(1959): Nur noch rauchende Trümmer. Das Ende der Festung Brest. Tagebuch des Soldaten Erich Kuby; mit Text des Hörbildes, Plädoyer des Staatsanwalts, Begründung des Urteils. Hamburg: Rowohlt, 198 S.
(1963): Franz Josef Strauß: Ein Typus unserer Zeit. [Mitarb.]: Eugen Kogon, Otto von Loewenstern, Jürgen Seifert. Vienna: Desch, 380 S.
(1963): Richard Wagner & Co. Zum 150. Geburtstag des Meisters. Hamburg: Nannen, 155 S.
(1965): Die Russen in Berlin 1945. Scherz Verlag, München Bern Wien
(1968): Prag und die Linke. Hamburg: Konkret-Verlag, 154 S., Ill.
(1975): Mein Krieg. Aufzeichnungen aus 2129 Tagen. Nymphenburger, München, . Mehrere Neuauflagen, zuletzt als Taschenbuch Aufbau 1999
(1982): Verrat auf deutsch. Wie das Dritte Reich Italien ruinierte. [Übers. aus d. Ital. u. Engl.: Susanna Böhme]. Hamburg: Hoffmann und Campe, 575 S.
(1983): Der Fall "Stern" und die Folgen. Hamburg: Konkret Literatur Verlag, 207 S. und Berlin: Volk und Welt, 206 S.
(1986): Als Polen deutsch war: 1939-1945. Ismaning bei München: Hueber, 341 S.
(1987): Der Spiegel im Spiegel. Das deutsche Nachrichten-Magazin; kritisch analysiert von Erich Kuby. München: Heyne, 176 S.
(1989): Mein ärgerliches Vaterland. München: Hanser, 560 S., Leinen, .
(1990): Der Preis der Einheit. Ein deutsches Europa formt sein Gesicht. Hamburg: Konkret Literatur Verlag, 112 S.
(1990): Deutschland: von verschuldeter Teilung zur unverdienten Einheit. Rastatt: Moewig, 398 S.
(1991): Deutsche Perspektiven. Unfreundliche Randbemerkungen. Hamburg: Konkret Literatur, 160 S.
(1996): Der Zeitungsleser. In Wochenschritten durch die politische Landschaft 1993-1995. Hamburg: Konkret Literatur, 160 S.
(1996): Lauter Patrioten. Eine deutsche Familiengeschichte. München: Hanser, geb.
(2010): Erich Kuby zum 100. AufZeichnungen 1939-1945. Hamburg: hyperzine verlag, Katalog zur Wanderausstellung der Zeichnungen und Aquarelle, kuratiert von Susanne Böhme-Kuby und Benedikt Kuby, 100 S.
For a complete list of Kuby's works and their translations into other languages, see the catalog of the DNB (German National Library).
Quotes
Publishers slurp their champagne from the skulls of the journalists.
So demanding is our people when in possession of power, so servile when they have gambled it away; nothing can be expected of them. I say: Nothing can be expected of them, although they created Sedan, provoked the first World War, made 1933 possible, set the second World War in motion, and now dispose over a world empire – however, everything for nothing and again nothing.
In the case of Stalingrad there is no doubt why we must have compassion for a few hundred thousand men, in other words, why they found (or, if still alive) now find themselves in a situation which commands our compassion. Do you believe that, in this mass of people there were, I estimate generously, more than two thousand who wouldn't have found it marvelous to be victors at the Volga and settle down there?
Compassion? When someone jumps from a bridge and expects to land below in an easy chair, it upsets me. Nobody pushed anyone over the railing. This is exactly the blue smoke that will blow into our faces après. I understand that a national community has no choice, if it has collectively bought Stalingrad, for example, but to justify it as collective behavior...If your view of Stalingrad is obscured by compassion, my view is troubled by shame – but after all: ein Volk, ein Reich...
References
External links
Literature by and about Erich Kuby in the catalog of the German National Library (DNB)
Short biography of the Tucholsky-Prize winner and a selection of three texts
The Erich Kuby Source Page. Essential texts translated into English.
1910 births
2005 deaths
People from Baden-Baden
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
Writers from Baden-Württemberg
20th-century German journalists
Philip Williamson may refer to:
Phil Williamson (born 1965), tennis player from the United States who competed for Antigua and Barbuda in the Davis Cup
Philip Williamson (historian) (born 1953), British historian
Hat Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a tributary to the Alapaha River.
Hat Creek was named from a pioneer incident when a man lost his hat near the stream.
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of Irwin County, Georgia
Rivers of Tift County, Georgia
Rivers of Turner County, Georgia
Eduardo Octavio Trejos Lalli (San José, Costa Rica, December 15, 1972) is a Costa Rican internationalist, private consultant and politician. Trejos is the current Costa Rican representative in the Central American Bank for Economic Integration. Trejos was also Director of National Intelligence and Security and has held the position of Deputy Foreign Minister, interim Foreign Minister and Ambassador of Costa Rica to Nicaragua
Life and career
Trejos is the son of Alfonso Trejos Willis (Costa Rican) and Susana Lalli Giménez (Argentine), Trejos was born in San José, Costa Rica. Trejos studied International Relations with specialization in foreign trade.
Trejos served as an independent consultant and parliamentary adviser. He joined the Foreign Ministry as advisor to the Vice Minister in the 1998–2000 period where he served as Foreign Policy Director, where he also served as liaison with the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica and in the trade talks with the European Union. Between 2000 and 2002, he moved to the Ministry of Tourism, where he was chief of staff at the minister's office.
In 2003 he was in charge of negotiation between Costa Rica and Nicaragua for the Procuenca del Río San Juan Project and as a researcher of the Program of High Public Management of INCAE in 2004. He joined the Citizens' Action Party in 2005 and served as an advisor in Deputy Ruth Montoya Rojas' office. Later, he was Director of Advisors for the Citizen Action Party's bench and a principal advisor to the group's spokesperson. Between 2010 and 2014, he was an independent consultant for the Information and Knowledge Society Program (PROSIC) of the Universidad de Costa Rica, the Inter-American Development Bank and the Institute of Development Studies.
Trejos was appointed administrative Vice Minister in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs since May 8, 2014 during the Solís Rivera administration. During his tenure as interim chancellor, he was responsible for leading the III Summit of CELAC hosted by Costa Rica.
He assumes the position of Costa Rican ambassador in Managua, Nicaragua, as of June 8, 2016 after the previous holder, Javier Sancho Bonilla, retired. In addition to streamlining visa delivery processes at the Nicaraguan consulate, through the implementation of a prior appointment process, Trejos promoted trade and tourism exchange among the two nations. Trejos was appointed Director of the Intelligence and Security Directorate of Costa Rica in the administration of Carlos Alvarado Quesada. This is the intelligence agency of Costa Rica.
Trejos has also served as professor of theory of the state and international affairs at the Universidad Latina de Costa Rica.
References
1972 births
Ambassadors of Costa Rica
Citizens' Action Party (Costa Rica) politicians
Costa Rican academics
Costa Rican people of Argentine descent
Directors of intelligence agencies
Government ministers of Costa Rica
University of Costa Rica alumni
Living people
People from San José, Costa Rica
Remigiusz Koniecpolski (died 1640) was a Polish noble and bishop of Chełm (1627–1640).
Biography
He was likely born in Koniecpol, where the manor of the Koniecpolski magnate family was located. He was the son of Aleksander Koniecpolski, and a brother of the famous military commander (hetman), Stanisław Koniecpolski.
He became a priest. As the abbot of the Cistercian monastery in Jędrzejów he began the process of canonization of blessed Wincenty Kadłubek. Reputed to be an efficient administrator, gathering funds for both the Church and the local municipalities, he was elevated to the position of bishop of Chełm on 17 May 1627. From that point onward, as the position of a bishop granted him a rank in the Senate of Poland, he became involved in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth country-wide matters, and his diocese was administered by one of his assistants, Jan Sasin. He also held the royal court position of the Royal Secretary.
He died in October 1640.
1640 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Remigiusz
Year of birth unknown
Abbots of Jędrzejów
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = Allmusic
| rev1Score = <ref name=""allmusic"">{{cite web|url=https://www.allmusic.com/album/three-wishes-mw0000612130|title=Three Wishes|work=Allmusic|accessdate=2021-11-16}}</ref>}}Three Wishes'' is the sixteenth album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra, released in 1992 by GRP Records.
Track listing
"Pipo's Song" (Julio Fernandez) – 4:53
"Introduction to Breathless" (Jay Beckenstein) – 1:05
"Breathless" (Beckenstein) – 5:19
"Introduction to Real Time" (Dave Samuels)
"Real Time" (Samuels) – 3:56
"Jennifer's Lullaby" (Beckenstein) – 5:40
"Whitewater" (Beckenstein) – 6:12
"Inside Your Love" (Jeremy Wall) – 4:07
"Nothing to Lose" (Beckenstein, Fernandez) – 5:03
"Three Wishes" (Beckenstein) – 4:47
"Gliding" (Beckenstein, Samuels) – 4:50
"Cabana Carioca" (Wall) – 5:18
"Rollercoaster" (Tom Schuman) – 4:29
"Three Wishes (reprise)" (Beckenstein) – 1:41
Personnel
Spyro Gyra
Jay Beckenstein – saxophone
Tom Schuman – keyboards
Julio Fernández – guitars
Scott Ambush – bass guitar
Joel Rosenblatt – drums
Dave Samuels – vibraphone, marimba
Additional Personnel
Sammy Figueroa – percussion
Larry Williams – saxophone
Bill Reichenbach Jr. – trombone, bass trumpet
Gary Grant – trumpet
Jerry Hey – trumpet, horn arrangements
Production
Jay Beckenstein – producer
Jeremy Wall – assistant producer
Dave Grusin – executive producer
Larry Rosen – executive producer
Larry Swist – recording, engineer, mixing
Kevin Becka – assistant engineer
Tom Bender – assistant engineer
Doug Rose – assistant engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Michael Pollard – production coordinator
Andy Baltimore – creative director
David Gibb – graphic design
Scott Johnson – graphic design
Sonny Mediana – graphic design
Andy Ruggirello – graphic design
Dan Serrano – graphic design
Emil Bogan – design assistant
Michael Cobb – illustrations
Frank Linder – photography
Phil Brennan – management
Studios
Recorded at BearTracks Studios (Suffern, New York); Carriage House Studios (Stamford, CT); Lighthouse Studios (Los Angeles, California).
Mixed at BearTracks Studios and Lighthouse Studios.
Mastered at Masterdisk (New York City, New York).
References
External links
Spyro Gyra official web site
1992 albums
Spyro Gyra albums
GRP Records albums
Philippa Mareri was born in 1190/1200 and died in 1236. Beatified in 1247, her sanctuary is in Borgo San Pietro, a frazione of Petrella Salto. Her feast day is 16 February. She was the foundress of the monastery of Franciscan Sisters of Saint Philippa Mareri or Poor Clares.
Biography
Philippa Mareri was born towards the end of the 12th centurŷ into the noble Mareri family, in the family castle at Borgo San Pietro, situated along the road that ran from Assisi to Rome, in the present-day commune of Petrella Salto. Her brother Thomas Mareri held important positions such as that of Mayor of Forlì, and imperial representative in Romagna and Apulia; He was largely responsible for the founding of the city of L'Aquila.
Of prime importance was Philippa's meeting with Francis of Assisi, who introduced her to the monastic life. Her family tried to prevent this choice, so Philippa fled from home along with some companions and took refuge near Mareri, above the village of Piagge, in what is now called the "Grotto of Saint Filippa", and stayed there about three years, until 1228 when her two brothers gave her the castle with the annexed church of San Pietro de Molito.
Philippa moved in with her companions and lived according to the rule of Saint Francis and Saint Clare of Assisi and the nuns of the Church of San Damiano, Assisi.
The spiritual care of the monastery was entrusted by Francis to Roger Todi.
Cult
Philippa Mareri died on 16 February 1236 and her tomb became a place of pilgrimage, while there began to be registered many miracles attributed to her intercession. The title of ‘Santa' (Saint) first appears in a bull of Innocent IV in 1247, just 11 years after her death. In 1706 during an examination of her remains, it was found that her heart was incorrupt. This is preserved today in a silver reliquary, while her other remains are preserved in the monastery of Borgo San Pietro in the Valle del Salto. Today, nearly eight centuries after her death, the devotion to the Philippa and the pilgrimage site has kept on growing not only in her homeland, but also in many other countries and other continents thanks to the initiative of many emigrants from the region.
The liturgical Memorial of Philippa Mareri falls on 16 February. She is co-patron of Sulmona.
Notes
Bibliography
Mario Sgarbossa, I Santi e i Beati della Chiesa d'Occidente e d'Oriente, 2nd Edition, Edizioni Paoline, Milano, 2000, . p. 102
External links
Scheda su Filippa Mareri, da Santi, beati e testimoni - Enciclopedia dei Santi, SantieBeati.it (in Italian.)
Franciscan beatified people
Italian beatified people
1236 deaths
The 2016–17 Dialog Rugby League was the 66th season of the top flight of Sri Lankan domestic rugby union competition. The competition is sponsored and broadcast by Dialog TV.
The league consists of 8 clubs playing in a home-and-away double round robin. The standings at the end of the season determine the seedings for the 2017 edition of the Clifford Cup playoffs held in the spring.
The reigning champions of both last year's regular season and the 2016 Clifford Cup is Kandy SC, who claimed their 17th league title after finishing the 2015-2016 season undefeated, two games clear of runners-up Havelock SC.
The 2016-17 season was the first season that the SLRFU introduced a Television Match Official (TMO) for selected domestic games.
Kandy SC began the season in dominant form defeating CH&FC 96 to nil in their opening game before losing to Air Force SC the following week in a close game 24 to 21. Before the mid season break at the end of the year Kandy SC lost a second game, this time to Navy SC 32-37. Havelock SC commenced the year with a six-game winning streak, which ended with a 30-39 loss to Kandy SC on 18 December 2016.
In the second half of the season both Kandy SC and Havelock SC continued their respective unbeaten runs, with the title race coming down to the second last game of the season. The resultant win by Kandy SC 26-11 virtually secured the club the title, as whilst both clubs have the same number of wins for the season Kandy SC have more bonus points due to the size of their winning margins over the season. In the final round of the season Kandy SC finished in the same manner as they started by comprehensively defeating CH&FC 59-3, thereby retaining their League title for the 3rd year in a row.
Teams
League table
Table standings updated through 12 February 2017
Try and Points scorers
League Season
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Week 10
Week 11
Week 12
Week 13
Week 14
References
2016–17 rugby union tournaments for clubs
2016 in Sri Lankan sport
2017 in Sri Lankan sport
Rugby union competitions in Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan
Sri Lankan
A cycle of folk songs pertaining to the Souliotes and mainly to their wars against the Turks and the Albanians of Ali Pasha in 18th and early 19th century.
The first collection of Souliotic songs was published by the French philologist and historian Claude Fauriel in 1824 in the 1st volume of his “Chants populaires de la Grèce moderne”, a cornerstone for French and Greek laography.
This was the first major collection of Greek folk songs (demotika) ever published in a European language. The songs are given in the original Greek and in French translation. Apart from the songs, this publication includes an extensive history of Souli and its wars (pages 223-283).
A footnote by Fauriel in p. 283 indicates that the collection was completed before the death of Markos Botsaris, i.e. before 1823. In other parts of the “Chants populaires” Fauriel published other folk songs directly related to the Souliotes, e.g. “The death of Kitsos Botsaris”, and “The Deliberation of Ali Pasha” (vol. 2, 1825, pp. 343–353).
Fauriel heard these songs from Greek refugees in Venice and Trieste.
After Fauriel many Greek and European authors published more Souliotic songs, as Souliotes continued fighting in the Greek Revolution which ended in 1829. In 1844 D.H.Sanders published some of the songs and their translation in German.
In 1852 the Greek historian Sp. Zambelios included a dozen of Souliotic songs in his collection of Greek folk songs. Among them was one for the death of Markos Botsaris (p. 644, song No 57).
Souliotic songs translated into English were published in 1888 by Lucy M.J. Garnett.
Sources
Souliotes
Greek folklore
Song cycles
19th century in Greece
The CB650 custom is a motorcycle made by Honda between 1980 and 1981, ending as the CB650 LC "Luxury Custom" in 1982.
The styling features that separated the custom from the standard CB650 are:
Highlighted, black Honda ComStar wheels
4-4 exhaust pipes
Pull-back "wheelbarrow" handle bars
Extended front air-forks
Vibration-resistant mirrors
Custom side-emblems
Chrome covered rear-shocks
The CB650LC was a Japan-only variant released in 1982 with slightly lower overall height and ground clearance, with hydraulic double disc front brakes and modified rear fairing.
References
Honda motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 1980
Custom motorcycles
Standard motorcycles
Alexander Harper (1818–1887) was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1886 to 1887.
He was educated at the University of Aberdeen and ordained in 1842. After a curacy at Pittenweem he was the incumbent at Inverurie until his appointment as Dean.
He died in March 1887.
Notes
1818 births
1887 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
In enzymology, an ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction:
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate, and one product, ent-copalyl pyrophosphate. This enzyme participates in gibberellin biosynthesis.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is ent-copalyl-diphosphate lyase (decyclizing). Other names in common use include ent-kaurene synthase A, and ent-kaurene synthetase A.
Bifunctionality
ent-Copalyl diphosphate synthases from fungi and mosses also have a distinct ent-kaurene synthase activity associated with the same protein molecule. The reaction catalyzed by ent-kaurene synthase is the next step in the biosynthetic pathway to gibberellins. The two types of enzymic activity are distinct, and site-directed mutagenesis to suppress the ent-kaurene synthase activity of the protein leads to build up of ent-copalyl pyrophosphate. Inhibition of ent-kaurene synthase activity, by replacing Mg2+ in the growth medium with Ni2+, has the same effect.
Higher plants typically have separate proteins for ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase and ent-kaurene synthase, although these may be associated as weakly bound dimers or enzyme complexes. Rice (Oryza sativa) has two distinct ent-copalyl diphosphate synthases, which participate in distinct metabolic pathways. Only one ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase has been isolated from a bacterial species (Streptomyces sp. strain KO-3988): it is also monofunctional.
As might be expected, the bifunctional enzymes from lower plants are larger (946–960 residues, 106–107 kDa) than the monofunctional enzymes from higher plants (800–867 residues, 90–98 kDa), although not by twice as much. The independent ent-kaurene syntheses in higher plants, of which there may be several per species, are much more heterogenous in size, ranging 161–816 residues, 19–94 kDa.
Localization and function
ent-Copalyl diphosphate synthase has been isolated from a number of tissues in higher plants: cotyledon, hypocotyl and roots of sunflowers (Helianthus annuus) and Cucamonga manroot (Marah macrocarpus); endosperm of squash (Cucurbita maxima) and manroot (M. macrocarpus); and leaves of rice (Oryza sativa). It has been localized to the chloroplast stroma in peas (Pisum sativum) and wheat (Triticum aestivum).
The reaction catalyzed by ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase can be seen as the first committed step in gibberellin biosynthesis. Gibberellins form an important group of plant hormones, with various functions in different species and at different stages of the plant's lifetime. Disorders in gibberellin biosynthesis commonly show themselves as growth disorders, particularly as dwarfism, and some of those can be traced to reduced ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase activity. The importance of ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase in plant hormone production – primary metabolism – explains its widespread distribution both among species and among different plant tissues.
However, gibberellins are not the only phytochemicals produced from ent-copalyl pyrophosphate. A wide range of secondary metabolites, both terpenes and alkaloids, are also derived either from ent-copalyl pyrophosphate itself or from ent-kaurene or ent-kaurenoic acid, the next two intermediates on the metabolic pathway to gibberellins. Knowledge of these secondary metabolic pathways is much less extensive than that of gibberellin biosynthesis, and is often little more than conjecture.
It is known that ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase is produced by maize plants (Zea mays) in response to attack by Fusarium fungi, which suggests that it might play a role in plant defences as a precursor to phytoalexins (defensive compounds produced by the plant). Rice plants produce (at least) two different types of ent-copalyl diphosphate synthase, and only one of those participates in the production of gibberellins, suggesting again that the other is involved in the production of phytoalexins.
Notes
References
EC 5.5.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Kickstart is the bootstrap firmware of the Amiga computers developed by Commodore International. Its purpose is to initialize the Amiga hardware and core components of AmigaOS and then attempt to boot from a bootable volume, such as a floppy disk. Most Amiga models were shipped with the Kickstart firmware stored on ROM chips.
Versions
Commodore's AmigaOS was formed of both the Kickstart firmware and a software component provided on disk (with the software portion often termed as Workbench). For most AmigaOS updates the Kickstart version number was matched to the Workbench version number. Confusingly, Commodore also used internal revision numbers for Kickstart chips. For example, there were several Kickstart revisions designated as version 2.0.
Version summary
The first Amiga model, the A1000, required that Kickstart 1.x be loaded from floppy disk into a 256 KB section of RAM called the writable control store (WCS). Some A1000 software titles (notably Dragon's Lair) provided an alternative code-base in order to use the extra 256 KB for data. Later Amiga models had Kickstart embedded in a ROM chip, thus improving boot times. Many Amiga 1000 computers were modified to take these chips.
Kickstart was stored in 256 KB ROM chips for releases prior to AmigaOS 2.0. Later releases used 512 KB ROM chips containing additional and improved functionality. The Amiga CD32 featured a 1 MB ROM (Kickstart 3.1) with additional firmware and an integrated file system for CD-ROM.
Early A3000 models were, like the A1000, also shipped with Kickstart on floppy disk, and used a 1.4 BETA ROM as bootstrap. Either Kickstart 1.3 or 2.0 could be extracted to a partition specifically named WB_1.3 or WB_2.x, respectively, and put in DEVS:kickstart, an absolute system location from where the A3000 system will find it at bootstrap and copy its image into RAM. This early A3000 supported both ROM based Kickstarts and disk-based Kickstarts, although not simultaneously. An A3000 configured to use disk-based Kickstart images had the benefit of being able to boot various versions of AmigaOS without additional tools, simply by selecting the appropriate Kickstart image at boot time.
The Commodore CDTV featured additional firmware ROMs which are not technically part of the Amiga Kickstart. The CDTV's original firmware ROMs must be upgraded in order to install a Kickstart version later than 1.3.
AmigaOS 2.1 was a pure software update and did not require matching Kickstart ROM chips. Workbench 2.1 ran on all Kickstart ROMs of the 2.0x family. Later releases of AmigaOS (3.5 and 3.9) were also software only and did not include matching ROM upgrades instead requiring Kickstart 3.1, with ROM-file based Kickstart components replacing those in ROM. Kickstart modules of AmigaOS 4 are stored on the boot disk partition.
Up to Kickstart v2.0 (V36) only 512-byte blocks were supported.
Motorola 68040 uses write caches that require the use of the functions CacheClearU() and CacheControl() to flush cache when program code has been modified. These functions are only available in or better.
Function
Upon start-up or reset the Kickstart performs a number of diagnostic and system checks and then initializes the Amiga chipset and some core OS components. It will then check for connected boot devices and attempt to boot from the one with the highest boot priority. If no boot device is present a screen will be displayed asking the user to insert a boot disk typically a floppy disk.
Insertion of such a bootable disk (other than workbench-like disk) will result in:
a) a command line interface ("CLI") prompt to operate with ROM-internal and disks commands (including programs, scripts) (if the disk is non-workbench, or empty), or
b) a (basic) point and click UI named "Workbench" if the disk contains at least "loadwb" in the "startup-sequence" script residing inside the "s"-folder on this disk.
c) the disk booting into a customized workbench or an application, keeping the OS "alive" in the background.
d) a game or other application directly starting up, taking over all the hardware resources of this computer by avoiding establishing core Exec multitasking, driver initialization etc.
The Kickstart contains many of the core components of the Amiga's operating system, such as:
Exec – the Amiga's multi-tasking kernel
Intuition – functionality for GUI, screens, windowing and handling of input/output devices
Autoconfig – functionality to automatically initialize or boot from compliant expansion hardware
Floppy disk device driver and file system to read and boot from floppy disk
DOS library for file access and handling
AmigaDOS – Command Line Interface (CLI) functionality and a number of core CLI commands
Graphics library for basic drawing and raster graphics functions using the native Amiga chipset
Audio device driver for the native Amiga sound hardware
Device drivers for the Amiga keyboard and mouse/gameports
Kickstart 1.3 is the first version to support booting from a hard disk drive.
From AmigaOS release 2.0 onwards Kickstart also contained device drivers to boot from devices on IDE controllers, support for PC Card ports and various other hardware built into Amiga models.
Diagnostic test
At power-on a self-test is run from the ROM, this is a short program that can produce a color on the screen which correspont with a fault.
If everything is working the following screen color sequence will be displayed on older kickstarts.:
Dark grey – Hardware working and the registers are readable.
Light grey – ROM verified.
White – Initialization is alright. Ready to boot.
These colors indicate a problem:
– Bad result on Kickstart-ROM test (Checksum error). A small fault in ROM data will cause a checksum error.
– Bad result on lower part of chip RAM. Does not always mean the ram is at fault.
– Custom chip problem (Denise, Paula, Agnus)
– CPU exception occurred, this is a CPU error detection by the CPU it self and can be an illegal instruction executed or address bus error – Mostly a bad CPU or a bad Zorro expansion card. CPU exception happened before the "Guru Meditation" trapping software was enabled.
– Bad Paula on older kickstart Amigas.
– CIA problem
– If it stops at grey the CIA may be defective
- If it stops at white you may have used ram chips that are not working well on an A500 mainboard in combination with other "RAM"chips?
Black/stripes/glitching – random code (ROMs swapped/ROM garbage) or CIA problem
Black – No video output or CPU not running for some reason.
If you get a colorcode, it does not always mean that it comes from a hardware fault, red can also happen if you map your rom to fastmem or rom patches from software, for yellow it can be unstable software in memory. Some Amigas can give a short color on screen at power-on which can be the last background color. Keep in mind that bad activity on the databus that should not be there can have effect on other chips on the bus.
The keyboard LED uses blink codes that come from the keyboard controller chip where:
One blink means the keyboard ROM has a checksum error
Two blinks means keyboard RAM failure
Three blinks means watchdog timer failure.
When the Caps Lock key is repeatedly pressed approx. 10 times, and the Caps Lock LED is not turning on and off each time you press, the CPU is not reading out key presses and mostly indicate a CPU crash. CIA-A serial register is used with a CIA interrupt to pickup keypresses from the keyboard buffer. If the Caps Lock LED sticks on or off, the CPU is probably not servicing CIA interrupt requests.
Usage
In general, to run a specific Workbench version a Kickstart with a matching or greater version number is required.
It is not generally possible to boot directly into the Workbench windowing environment from Kickstart alone. Though much of the functionality required for Workbench is contained in Kickstart some disk-based components are needed to launch it.
From release 2.0 onwards it is possible to enter a boot menu by holding down both mouse buttons at power on or reset. This allows the user to choose a boot device, set parameters for backwards compatibility and examine Autoconfig hardware.
With third-party software, it is possible to use an alternate Kickstart to the version stored in the embedded ROM chip. Such software allows a Kickstart version to be loaded from file into RAM for example Kickstart 1.3 may be loaded in order to run old software incompatible with Kickstart 2.0 or later. Several third-party vendors produced hardware Kickstart switchers (dual-boot systems) in the form of socket doublers in order to allow two ROM chips to plug into a single motherboard socket with some mechanism to switch between them. These became popular with users who had problems with later Kickstart versions causing incompatibility with earlier software titles.
An MMU-enabled Amiga is able to "shadow" Kickstart from the embedded ROM chip (or from file) into RAM and pass control to it at start-up. This is often preferable as RAM access times are significantly faster than ROM, particularly on expanded systems. At subsequent resets the copy of Kickstart is re-used, reducing boot time and allowing faster access and execution of Kickstart functionality. Similar shadowing functions were also developed for some devices without MMU hardware.
References
AmigaOS
Amiga
ru:AmigaOS#Kickstart
Alvi may refer to:
People
Abdul Qadeer Alvi, Pakistani politician
Abrar Alvi (1927–2009), Indian film writer, director and actor
Alvi Ahmetaj (born 1998), Albanian football player
Alvi Fokou Fopa (born 1990), Cameroonian-American football player
Alvi Haque Haque (born 2002), Bangladeshi cricketer
Arif Alvi (born 1949), Pakistani politician
Farrukh S. Alvi, mechanical engineer
Hamza Alvi (1921–2003), Marxist academic sociologist and activist
Junaid Alvi (born 1965), Pakistani cricketer
Khalid Alvi, Indian professor
Khalid Alvi (cricketer), Pakistani cricketer
Moniza Alvi (born 1954), Pakistani-British poet and writer
Raashid Alvi, Indian politician
Sajida Alvi (born 1941), Pakistani academic
Samroj Ajmi Alvi, Bangladeshi actress and model
Sattar Alvi, Pakistani fighter pilot
Shahood Alvi, Pakistani actor, director and producer
Suroosh Alvi (born 1969), Pakistani-Canadian journalist and filmmaker
Wajihuddin Alvi, Indian scholar
Zahid Qurban Alvi, Pakistani politician
Places
Alvi, Crognaleto, frazione in the Province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of Italy
See also
Alavi (surname)
Julie Hecht is a contemporary American fiction writer specializing in interlacing short stories.
Personal life
Hecht has purposely revealed very little about her personal life. According to her publisher's website, she lives in the winter on the east end of Long Island, New York, and spends summer and fall in Massachusetts. In an interview with Publishers Weekly, Hecht said that the good reaction she got from her fellow schoolchildren gave her the idea to keep writing. "It's nice to look at a group of people and see them all smiling and laughing," she said. Hecht is somewhat reclusive about publicity, rarely giving interviews and avoiding the internet. She prefers to write by hand, sitting on a couch, and faxing her work back and forth to a typist for editing.
Awards
O. Henry Award for "I Want You, I Need You, I Love You" (1979, third prize)
Bibliography
Do the Windows Open? (1997)
Was This Man a Genius?: Talks with Andy Kaufman (2001)
The Unprofessionals: A Novel (2003)
Happy Trails to You: Stories (2008)
References
External links
Hecht's work with The New Yorker
Hecht's work with Harper's Magazine
Interview with Gigantic
American short story writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mile End was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Mile End
Billy the Kid is a 1938 ballet written by the American composer Aaron Copland on commission from Lincoln Kirstein. It was choreographed by Eugene Loring for Ballet Caravan. Along with Rodeo and Appalachian Spring, it is one of Copland's most popular and widely performed pieces. It is most famous for its incorporation of several cowboy tunes and American folk songs and, although built around the figure and the exploits of Billy the Kid, is not so much a biography of a notorious but peculiarly appealing desperado as it is a perception of the "Wild West", in which a figure such as Billy played a vivid role.
It premiered on 16 October 1938 in Chicago by the Ballet Caravan Company, with pianists Arthur Gold and Walter Hendl performing a two-piano version of the score. The first performance in New York City occurred on 24 May 1939, with an orchestra conducted by Fritz Kitzinger.
Story
The story follows the life of the infamous outlaw Billy the Kid. It begins with "The Open Prairie" and shows many pioneers trekking westward. The action shifts to a small frontier town, in which a young Billy and his mother are present. His mother is killed by a stray bullet during a gunfight and he stabs her killer, then goes on the run.
The next scene shows episodes in Billy's later life. He is living in the desert, is hunted and captured by a posse (in which the ensuing gun battle features prominent percussive effects) and taken to jail. He manages to escape after stealing a gun from the warden during a game of cards and returns to his hideout, where he thinks he is safe, but sheriff Pat Garrett catches up and shoots him to death. The ballet ends with "The Open Prairie" theme and pioneers once again travelling west.
Order of numbers
Introduction: The Open Prairie
Street Scene in a Frontier Town
Mexican Dance and Finale
Prairie Night (Card Game at Night, Billy and his Sweetheart)
Gun Battle
Celebration (After Billy's Capture)
Billy's Death
The Open Prairie Again
Music
Cowboy and folk tunes were heavily used, for instance:
"Great Grandad"
"Git Along, Little Dogies"
"The Old Chisholm Trail"
"Goodbye Old Paint"
It also includes the Mexican Jarabe dance, played in by a solo trumpet, just before "Goodbye Old Paint".
Cover
The eight movements of the ballet make up the first seven tracks of jazz guitarist Bill Frisell's album "Have a Little Faith".
See also
List of historical ballet characters
Notes
External links
Ballets by Eugene Loring
Ballets by Aaron Copland
1938 ballet premieres
1938 compositions
Works about Billy the Kid
Cultural depictions of Billy the Kid
Cultural depictions of Pat Garrett
Ballets based on actual events
Richard de Weston was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1295. With Anketil de Coleshull he is the first MP for the city whose name is known. He was a merchant and had been a bailiff.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1295
Bailiffs
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English merchants
The brassy-breasted tanager (Tangara desmaresti) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The brassy-breasted tanager was first described as Tangara desmaresti by Louis Vieillot in 1819 on the basis of a specimen from Brazil. The generic name Tangara is from the Tupí word tangara, meaning dancer. The specific epithet desmaresti is a patronym in honor of Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest, who wrote the book Histoire des Tangaras.
References
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Tangara (genus)
Birds described in 1819
Endemic birds of Brazil
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Anglican Diocese of Armidale is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of New South Wales. As the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, it was created (from the Diocese of Newcastle) by letters patent in 1863. When the Anglican Diocese of Grafton was split off in 1914, the remaining portion was renamed Armidale, retaining its legal continuity and its incumbent bishop.
Once relatively Anglo-Catholic in its liturgical and theological leanings, since the mid-20th century the diocese has leant more towards the Diocese of Sydney and its particular form of Evangelical teaching and liturgy. The diocese is theologically conservative and holds to the traditional Anglican beliefs on human sexuality, disapproving same-sex unions.
The diocese includes the regional cities of Tamworth and Armidale and the towns of Glen Innes, Tenterfield, Inverell, Moree, Gunnedah and Narrabri.
On 12 December 2020, the synod of the diocese elected Rod Chiswell, vicar of South Tamworth, as the 8th Bishop of Armidale. Chiswell was installed on 27 February 2021.
Cathedral
The cathedral church of the diocese is St Peter's Cathedral in Armidale. It was consecrated for worship in 1875. The cathedral was designed by the Canadian architect John Horbury Hunt who also designed the University of New England. The foundation stone was laid by James F. Turner, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale.
Schools
The Diocese of Armidale has three affiliated independent Anglican schools:
The Armidale School (TAS), founded 1894
New England Girls' School (NEGS), Armidale, founded 1895
Calrossy Anglican School, Tamworth, incorporating Calrossy Anglican School for Girls (founded 1919), William Cowper Anglican Boys High School and William Cowper Primary School
Linked diocese
Following a 2004 synod visit by Edward Muhima, Bishop of North Kigezi in Uganda, there has been a forging of a support link between the two dioceses. The Diocese of North Kigezi is in the South West of Uganda, with its office in Rukunjiri.
List of bishops
See also
Anglican Pacifist Fellowship
Church Missionary Society
Anglicare
Evangelical Anglicanism
Low church
Calvinism
Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans
GAFCON
References
External links
Diocese of Armidale
Armidale
Anglican bishops of Armidale
New England (New South Wales)
Armidale
Evangelical Anglicanism
Evangelicalism in Australia
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of New South Wales
Anglican bishops of Grafton and Armidale
Lists of Anglican bishops and archbishops
Grafton, New South Wales
Lists of Australian people by occupation
New South Wales-related lists
1863 establishments in Australia
The United States Army's 3rd Cavalry Division was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units in the interwar period.
The 3rd Cavalry Division was largely a "paper" formation existing from 1927 to 1940. Its units never assembled in a single location or conducted large scale training. It was constituted in the Regular Army but most of the support elements were "Regular Army Inactive" (RAI) units manned with Organized Reserve personnel. The 3rd Cavalry Division never deployed overseas. The Division was disbanded on 10 October 1940.
History
The 3rd Cavalry Division was constituted in the Regular Army on 15 August 1927, llotted to the Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Corps Areas, and assigned to the Second Army. The division was reassigned to the General Headquarters Reserve (GHQR) as a result of the US Army reorganization of 1933. The 3rd Cavalry Division's designated mobilization station was Fort Des Moines, Iowa, where many of the division's units were organized with Reserve officers as RAI units and where most of them conducted their annual summer training camps. The 3rd Cavalry Division consisted largely of RAI units though many of the units of the division were active during the period 1921–40. Unlike the 2nd Cavalry Division, the division's active units were not concentrated in one or two areas, but were spread from coast to coast. The active elements of the division in the 1920s and 1930s consisted only of the cavalry regiments; the remainder of the units were to be activated from the RAI units in the Organized Reserve. Like the 2nd Cavalry Division, however, RAI units of the 3rd Cavalry Division were predominantly located in the Seventh Corps Area with most being initially concentrated in the Kansas City metropolitan area. These units conducted their summer training at Fort Riley, Kansas and were under the peacetime control of the HQ, 66th Cavalry Division for administrative and training purposes. In 1933, several of the division's RAI units were transferred to the Third Corps Area, but by the late 1930s, most of the division's RAI units were relocated to Des Moines, Iowa.
Organization (1927–33)
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop
5th Cavalry Brigade
10th Cavalry Regiment (assigned 1927–40)
11th Cavalry Regiment (assigned 1927–33)
5th Machine Gun Squadron
6th Cavalry Brigade
3rd Cavalry Regiment (assigned 1927–39)
6th Cavalry Regiment (assigned 1927–39)
6th Machine Gun Squadron
Headquarters, Special Troops
Headquarters Troop
3rd Signal Troop
16th Ordnance Company
13th Tank Company
84th Field Artillery Battalion
12th Engineer Battalion
3rd Medical Squadron
3rd Cavalry Division Train, Quartermaster Corps
44th Observation Squadron
Organization (1933–40)
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop
5th Cavalry Brigade
9th Cavalry Regiment (reassigned to 2nd Cavalry Division 1939)
10th Cavalry Regiment (reassigned to 2nd Cavalry Division 1940)
6th Cavalry Brigade
3rd Cavalry Regiment (converted to a non-divisional mechanized unit 21 February 1942 )
6th Cavalry Regiment (converted to a non-divisional mechanized unit 1939)
6th Machine Gun Squadron
Headquarters, Special Troops
Headquarters Troop
3rd Signal Troop
16th Ordnance Company
13th Tank Company
3rd Reconnaissance Squadron
84th Field Artillery Battalion
12th Engineer Battalion
3rd Medical Squadron
18th Quartermaster Squadron
See also
Formations of the United States Army
List of armored regiments of the United States Army
References
03
Military units and formations disestablished in 1927
Military units and formations disestablished in 1940
The 1986 Enfield Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Ramakrishna Mission Multipurpose School, Kamarpukur is a secondary school in Kamarpukur, Hooghly district, West Bengal, India. It is part of the Ramakrishna Mission and affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education. It was established in 1950 as a primary school and received government recognition as a secondary school in 1962.
References
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools affiliated with the Ramakrishna Mission
Schools in Hooghly district
Boarding schools in West Bengal
Educational institutions established in 1950
1950 establishments in West Bengal
The following are the national records in track cycling in Cuba maintained by the Cuban Cycling Federation.
Men
Women
References
External links
Cuba
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
Mahmmud Nasim Al-jawhari (Arabic: محمود نسيم السيد الجوهري) was an Egyptian poet, critic, and playwright (1955-2021).
Life
Mahmmud was born in Mait Mohsen on March 3, 1955. His mother is the lady Ghosoun Alward Abdullah, and his father is Mr. Alsaid Aljawhari, a graduate of Madrasat Almu'llemeen (Teachers' School) in Tanta. His father was an Arabic teacher, then he became a headmaster of many schools. He was fond of Ahmed Shawqi (the prince of poets). As a result, Mahmmud inherited his father's love of poetry. Nasim was the eighth and youngest of his siblings. His older brother was not present with his family since he was a high-ranking military officer in the Egyptian Armed Forces. Therefore, their parents cared for Mahmmud a lot. Mahmmud studied at Halmiyat Alzzayton middle school, and secondary school at Ibn Khaldun. He loved reading books and unlike his peers, he dreamed of being a poet. He loved to do volunteer work as he participated in Civil Defence Forces during The October War (Yom Kippur War) in 1973. After the war, he joined the Egyptian Communist Party in its early years and volunteered to teach schoolchildren at the headquarters of the socialist union. In 1977, he co-founded the Ida'a (Light) magazine with some writers and intellectuals. in 1983, the same magazine published his first poetry collection entitled Alssama' Wa Qaus Albahr (The Sky and the Sea Arch). Remembering the Beni Suef Cultural Palace fire in 2005, the theatre director Ezzet Zain said that “Mahmmud supported regional teams and theatres in time of need, a time when taking responsibility was dangerous. He felt so sad for the loss of his dearest friends in the fire.” He worked sincerely without looking up promotions. He supported many creative young people, whether in writing or directing. Those young people consulted him whenever things get rough. He was once a committee member for selecting leaders of General Organisation of Culture Palaces. He wrote some poetry collections. Some of his poems were published in Egyptian newspapers and magazines. Moreover, he participated in most Arabic and Egyptian festivals. Furthermore, some of his poems were translated into English. Mahmmud passed away due to the Coronavirus on April 21, 2021. He was buried in his hometown.
Career
Teacher in Faculty of Specific Education in Tanta and El-Abaseya.
A jury member at General Organisation of Culture Palaces theatre.
A jury member for selecting leaders of General Organisation of Culture Palaces.
Establish Kitabat (writings) magazine with the two poets: Rif'at Salam and Sh'ban Yosuf.
Participated in publishing Master magazines.
Director of the General Theatre Administration.
Editor-in-chief of the Theatre Horizons Series.
Education
Bachelor's degree in literature at Ain Shams University in 1980.
Master's degree at Academy of Arts in Cairo in 1994.
Awards
The first prize of the Egyptian Supreme Council of Culture for his ballad Mar'a Al-Guzlan (The Deer Pasture) (1986).
Su'ad AlSubah Prize for his poetry collection Ors Al-Rramad (Ash Wedding) (1991).
The best scenario in 2016 for Rajul Al-Hikayat Scenario (Fairy Tale Man), which is part of Sawiris Cultural Awards.
Works
Savior and Victim: Visions of the World with Mahmoud Diab and Salah Abdul-Sabour (2013).
The Arab Modernity Gap (2005).
The Garden (2006).
Ash Wedding (1989).
Pottery Bird.
Shadow Writing (1995).
The Sky and the Sea Arch (1984).
Play: The deer Pasture (1986).
References
1955 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Egyptian poets
Egyptian writers
21st-century Egyptian poets
Molly Bloom (born April 21, 1978) is an American entrepreneur, speaker, and author of the 2014 memoir Molly's Game. She had trained for years to become an Olympic skier, but was injured while trying to qualify for the Olympics.
In April 2013, she was charged with running a high-stakes poker game that originated in the Viper Room in Los Angeles, which attracted wealthy people, sports figures, and Hollywood celebrities. In May 2014, after pleading guilty to reduced charges, she was sentenced to one year of probation, a $200,000 fine, and 200 hours of community service. In addition, she was required to forfeit $125,000 in earnings from the games she operated.
A film adaptation of her book, Molly's Game, starring Jessica Chastain and directed by Aaron Sorkin, debuted in December 2017.
Early life
Bloom was born on April 21, 1978, and grew up in Loveland, Colorado. Her father, Larry Bloom, is a clinical psychologist and a professor at Colorado State University. Her mother, Char, was a ski and snowboard instructor and a professional fly-fisher with her own line of clothing. Bloom's father is Jewish and her mother is Christian. Her brothers are Jordan Bloom, a cardiac surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital, and Jeremy Bloom, who was an American Olympic skier and professional American football player with the Philadelphia Eagles. She was a competitive skier and at one time ranked third in Nor-Am Cup season ranking for women's moguls skiers; she later suffered an injury while trying to qualify for the Olympics. She attended the University of Colorado Boulder, where she graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science.
Career
In 2004, Bloom moved to Los Angeles and found work as a bartender. In 2004, Darin Feinstein, one of the co-owners of The Viper Room nightclub, was approached by actor Tobey Maguire about hosting a high-stakes poker game in the basement of the club. Feinstein recruited Bloom to cater to the players and manage the game. In 2007, Bloom started her own business, registering Molly Bloom Inc. as an event and catering company to host poker tournaments. By 2008, the games had graduated to private homes and hotels like the Peninsula Beverly Hills, with hands going as high as $4 million. In addition to Maguire, many wealthy people, celebrities and sports figures were known to frequent the games including Leonardo DiCaprio, Alec Gores, Macaulay Culkin, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Alex Rodriguez, Nelly, Mary Kate Olsen, Ashley Olsen, Phil Ivey, Rick Salomon and Andy Beal.
The onset of the 2008 recession made underground poker games less common, and in 2009, Bloom moved to an Upper West Side high-rise near Manhattan's Lincoln Center. She began organizing games in a private apartment at the new Astor Place and suites at the Plaza Hotel, which used the same sophisticated dealing equipment used in casinos, and which were staffed by women hired from 1 Oak, an exclusive nightclub. However, Bloom had fewer contacts in New York, where raids on underground games prompted them to relocate to Long Island. As a result of this, Bloom attracted rich businessmen from Wall Street but also more disreputable gamblers whose bids were significantly smaller than those in Los Angeles. In June 2010, Bloom was served with a $116,133 tax lien for failing to pay appropriate taxes on her New York events.
Arrest and sentencing
In 2011, one of Bloom's games in Los Angeles was shut down as part of a bankruptcy investigation into a Ponzi scheme run by Bradley Ruderman, one of the players. Bloom, who had received money from Ruderman as part of the game, was accused of receiving $473,000 from Ruderman's bank to settle his debts and sued by the bankruptcy trustee for $473,200, but she denied that she was involved in organizing illegal gambling. Bank records showed 19 transfers to Bloom in 2007 and 2008 for amounts up to $57,500.
On April 16, 2013, Bloom was arrested and charged along with 33 others as part of a $100 million money laundering and illegal sports gambling operation. Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, charged 12 people with racketeering. Others were charged with money laundering, extortion, fraud and operating illegal poker rooms in New York City. Bloom, who was 34 at the time, faced a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison, six years of supervised release, a fine of $1.5 million or twice the amount gained from the crimes or twice the amount lost by victims, and a $200 special assessment.
In May 2014, Bloom pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and was sentenced to one year of probation and 200 hours of community service. At the sentencing, Bloom's lawyer, Jim Walden, told the court that Bloom was in severe debt which included forfeiting $125,000 in poker proceeds as part of the plea. He stated that Bloom had "been ordered into the gambling business" by her boss at a Los Angeles real estate company, then went on to create her own illegal poker game in New York in 2009. Assistant U.S. Attorney Joshua Naftalis said in the government's sentencing brief that "huge sums of money were wagered at these games" and that "for a time, her games were likely the biggest games in New York." He told the judge at the sentencing that the government believed that Bloom played a "minor role" in the operation compared to many of the others who were charged, and recommended a sentence that included no jail time.
Book and film
Bloom's memoir about her experiences, Molly's Game, was published in 2014.
A film adaptation of the book, also called Molly's Game, written and directed by Aaron Sorkin, premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on September 8, 2017. Jessica Chastain plays the role of Molly Bloom. The film received a 2018 Academy Award nomination in the category Best Adapted Screenplay.
References
External links
Molly Bloom poker interview (video)
Living people
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesswomen
American writers
American people of Jewish descent
1978 births
Albert J. Pimblett (1919-2001) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s. He played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Halifax, Warrington and Salford, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Playing career
International honours
Albert Pimblett won caps for England while at Warrington in 1948 against Wales, in 1949 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1948 against Australia (3 matches).
Championship Final appearances
Albert Pimblett played right-, i.e. number 3, in Warrington's 15-5 victory over Bradford Northern in the Championship Final during the 1947–48 season at Maine Road, Manchester on Saturday 8 May 1948.
County Cup Final appearances
Albert Pimblett played right-, i.e. number 3, in Warrington's 8-14 defeat by Wigan in the 1948–49 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1948–49 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 13 November 1948.
References
External links
History of Warrington Rugby League Club
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1919 births
2001 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Halifax R.L.F.C. players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Salford Red Devils players
St Helens Recreation RLFC players
Warrington Wolves players
Surkhachi (; Kaitag and Dargwa: Цӏурхачи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Akhmedkentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 455 as of 2010. There are 13 streets.
Geography
Surkhachi is located 14 km northwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Iraki and Zilbachi are the nearest rural localities.
Geography
Akhmedkent is the nearest rural locality.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
The 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Championship elite round was the second round of qualification for the final tournament of the 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Malta. The 27 teams advancing from the qualifying round plus Germany, who received a bye to the elite round, were drawn into seven groups of four teams, where they played each other in a single round-robin mini-tournament hosted by one of the group's teams. The seven group winners qualified for the final tournament.
As the team with the highest UEFA under-17 coefficient, Germany were given a bye to this round. The draw for the elite round was held on 28 November 2013 and matches took place between 20 and 31 March 2014.
Seeding
The draw for the elite round was held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, on 28 November 2013. Each team was placed in one of four drawing pots, according to their qualifying round results. The seven sides with the best records were seeded in Pot A, and so forth until Pot D, which contained the seven teams with the weakest records. During the draw, each group was filled with one team from every pot, taking into account that teams that played each other in the first qualifying round could not be drawn into the same group again.
Tiebreakers
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings.
Higher number of points obtained in the group matches played among the teams in question
Superior goal difference from the group matches played among the teams in question
Higher number of goals scored in the group matches played among the teams in question
If, after applying criteria 1) to 3) to several teams, two teams still have an equal ranking, the criteria 1) to 3) will be reapplied to determine the ranking of these teams. If this procedure does not lead to a decision, criteria 5) and 6) will apply
Results of all group matches:
Superior goal difference
Higher number of goals scored
Drawing of lots
Additionally, if two teams which have the same number of points and the same number of goals scored and conceded play their last group match against each other and are still equal at the end of that match, their final rankings are determined by the penalty shoot-out and not by the criteria listed above. This procedure is applicable only if a ranking of the teams is required to determine the group winner.
Groups
The hosts of the seven mini-tournament groups are indicated below.
All times are CET (UTC+01:00) until 29 March 2014 and CEST (UTC+02:00) starting from 30 March 2014.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Qualified teams
1 Only counted appearances for under-17 era (bold indicates champion for that year, while italic indicates hosts)
References
External links
UEFA.com
Uefa European Under-17 Football Championship Elite Round, 2014
Elite round
UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
The 1954 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1954 college football season. The team's head football coach was Bill Meek, in his fourth and final year at the helm of the Wildcats. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. The Wildcats finished the season with a 7–3 record with a 3–3 record in conference play. They finished in fifth place in the Big Seven Conference. The Wildcats scored 191 points and gave up 154 points. The Wildcats did not outscore their opponents again until 1969. 1954 was Kansas State's last winning season until 1970.
Schedule
References
Kansas State
Kansas State Wildcats football seasons
Kansas State Wildcats football
Thomas Oakley Browning (28 January 1920 – April 1998) was an Australian zoologist and peace activist. He was a research scientist in the field of entomology. After his retirement in 1983, he had the title of Emeritus Professor of Entomology at the Waite campus of the University of Adelaide. He also wrote a number of biographies of former colleagues. He died in Adelaide in April 1998 at the age of 78.
Timeline
Publications
Browning, T. O., 'Davidson, James (1885-1945), Australian Dictionary of Biography, Vol. 8, Melbourne University Press, Melbourne, 1981, pp. 226–227
Birch, L. C.; Browning, T. O., 'Herbert George Andrewartha 1907-1992', Historical Records of Australian Science, vol. 9, no. 3, 1993, pp. 258–268.
Research areas
Diapause in crickets
The quantitative study of insect populations
Fruit fly
Population ecology
References
1920 births
1998 deaths
Australian entomologists
People from Maitland, South Australia
20th-century Australian zoologists
Animal furniture refers both to furniture used by animals and to furniture made from animals.
Furniture for animals
Known as "pet furniture", furniture designed for use by animals became a popular trend in the early 21st century. Typical pieces include pet beds, doghouses, hammocks, dog coolers, cat trees, parrot tents and extravagant play equipment.
In 2008, James Stephenson and Jason R. Rich cited high-end furniture for cats and dogs as one of the best categories of products to buy and sell for big profits. Home-crafted furniture for pets has also become popular.
Stylish and modern pet furniture that is part of the home decor has become increasingly popular over the years, with certain pet furniture-specific brands like Hepper creating functional pieces of home decor.
Furniture made from animals
Animal furniture also refers to furniture made from animals. Such furniture became popular during the Victorian era. In 1896, William G. Fitzgerald wrote an article titled "Animal Furniture" in The Strand Magazine. The article included a photographic gallery of unusual pieces from the era, including a liquor stand made from an elephant's foot, a door stop made from an ostrich foot, a candelabra made from a monkey, lamps made from a black swan, an emu, monkeys, and a black bear, a chair made from a baby giraffe (with neck and head rising from the back, a porter's chair made out of a baby elephant, and a "tiger chair" with the seat covered in the animal's skin, the tail coiled around the edge, and "the head and paws ... arranged so as to give the impression that the terrible animal is about to spring." In a 1907 book on big game hunting in Ceylon, Harry Storey described his practices of making furniture out of elephant parts:"Of trophies to be secured from our elephants the feet rank first . . . They make fine footstools, liquor stands, or, if cut long in the leg, umbrella stands.
In his book, "Empire and the Animal Body," John Miller wrote that the animal furniture made from exotic animals from throughout the British Empire became "hyperbolically domesticated metropolitan accessories that testify to imperial power through their extraordinary, and sometimes comic, ingenuity.
Victorian furniture made from animals is sometimes referred to as "Wardian furniture," derived from the name of the noted taxidermist, Rowland Ward. One author noted:"As a result of the work of Rowland Ward, there was a craze in the Victorian era for furniture and other decorative items made from the parts of animals. His were so popular that he got the unofficial naming rights: 'Wardian furniture' was the name generally given to any such object ..."
References
Furniture
Cadbury Camp is an Iron Age hill fort in Somerset, England, near the village of Tickenham. It is a scheduled monument. Although primarily known as a fort during the Iron Age it is likely, from artefacts, including a bronze spear or axe head, discovered at the site, that it was first used in the Bronze Age and still occupied through the Roman era into the sub-Roman period when the area became part of a Celtic kingdom. The name may mean "Fort of Cador" - Cado(r) being possibly the regional king or warlord controlling Somerset, Bristol, and South Gloucestershire, in the middle to late 5th century. Cador has been associated with Arthurian England, though the only evidence for this is the reference in the Life of St. Carantoc to Arthur and Cador ruling from Dindraithou (perhaps the hillfort at Dundry) and having the power over western Somerset to grant Carantoc's plea to build a church at Carhampton. Geoffrey of Monmouth invented the title 'Duke of Cornwall' for Cador in his misleading History of the Kings of Britain.
The hill fort is well preserved, and is managed by the National Trust through a Higher Level Stewardship agreement with Natural England which involves tree clearing, including non-native Turkey Oaks, and management of the scrub.
The name Cadbury is derived from "Cada's byrig"; byrig is the Anglo-Saxon word meaning "fort" or "town", which is frequently, but not exclusively, used to refer to hill-forts. It is one of three sites in Somerset to include the Cadbury name, the others being Cadbury Castle, near South Cadbury and Cadbury Hill which is also known as Cadbury-Congresbury to distinguish it from the other sites.
Location
Cadbury Camp is situated on a natural ridge between the Gordano Valley and the North Somerset Levels, next to the Limebreach Wood ancient woodland and nature reserve.
History
The hill fort was constructed during the Iron Age, probably by the local Dobunni tribe, however the details are not fully known. The discovery of a bronze spear or axe head at the site indicates use before the Iron Age. The Bronze Age spearhead is in the Museum of Somerset in Taunton.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "the forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress of an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I would not see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".
The fort, which covers about , consisted of ditches and earth banks topped with a wooden fence in an elevated position above the marshy land below. The ramparts are apart. It extends approximately from north to south and from east to west. The ditch is around deep and the ramparts rise up around .
After the Iron Age occupation may have continued into the Roman era indicated by the discovery of pottery fragments, a small stone statue of Mars possibly from a Roman temple and coins of Claudius Gothicus and Valentinian II. The site may still have been occupied into the Anglo-Saxon period. Several of the finds were uncovered during excavations by Harold St George Gray in 1922, although the coin dating from around 370 was discovered in 1945 and a Romano-British relief in the inner defensive ditch in 1974. The relief was given to Weston Museum, and loaned to Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery.
During World War II the site was used for bomb disposal and as the location for a searchlight battery.
Current management
The site was once part of the estate linked to Clevedon Court. It is now managed via a Higher Level Stewardship agreement between the National Trust and Natural England. This has involved removing trees whose roots are growing into the earthen banks of the site. In particular non-native Turkey Oaks, which provide a habitat for damaging Gall wasps, are being removed. Cattle are also being used to manage the scrub and encourage the growth of flowers such as orchids.
Myths and legends
Local legends associate it with Arthurian England and Camelot, though these may be due to confusion with the better-known Cadbury Castle, near South Cadbury some 50 miles to the south.
See also
List of hillforts and ancient settlements in Somerset
List of National Trust properties in Somerset
References
External links
Hill forts in Somerset
History of Somerset
National Trust properties in Somerset
Buildings and structures in North Somerset
Scheduled monuments in North Somerset
The Christies Beach Football Club is an Australian rules football team based in the outer southern suburbs of Adelaide that first fielded junior teams in the Southern Football League in 1964. In 1966 senior teams were formed and almost instant success was achieved with A-Grade premierships in 1967 and 1968.
The Christies Beach Football Club continues to field teams in both Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League. Between 2016 to 2019, Christies Beach fielded Women's teams in the Adelaide Footy League (previously South Australian Women's Football League).
Christies Beach has produced a number of Australian Football League (AFL) players including Jason Horne-Francis (North Melbourne), Dean Brogan (Port Adelaide/GWS), Nigel Smart (Adelaide), Tony Modra (Adelaide/Fremantle), and Chris Groom (Adelaide/Fremantle/North Melbourne).
A-Grade Premierships
1967 SFL A-Grade
1968 SFL A-Grade
1971 SFL A-Grade Undefeated
1972 SFL A-Grade
1974 SFL A-Grade
1983 SFL Division 1
1994 SFL Division 1
Women's Premierships
2017 Adelaide Footy League Women Division 2
Greatest SFL Team
To celebrate the 125th anniversary of the Southern Football League, each club was asked to name their "Greatest Team" whilst participating in the SFL.
References
External links
Southern Football League (SA) Clubs
Australian rules football clubs in South Australia
1963 establishments in Australia
Australian rules football clubs established in 1963
Adelaide Footy League clubs
is a private junior college in Oji, Nara, Japan, established in 1998. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1984.
Subject
Integrated man subject
Study major between cosmopolitans
Infant child care major
Nursing science major
Physicotherapeutics major
Outline
Private junior college in Japan been managed by school juridical person Nishiyamnto-Gakuen.
Students from abroad are accepted at first of foundation of a school. Therefore, power has been put in the cosmopolitan education.
It makes efforts by the promotion of the talent active on the child care worker, the nurse, the medical treatment of physical therapist, and the site of welfare now.
About the course after it graduates
In the infant child care major, the majority of the graduate are taken to the nursery teacher and the kindergarten teacher about a day nursery and various facilities for children's welfare.
As for the nursing science major, the majority are attached to nursing.
There are Osaka City University and Kansai University, etc. as a transfer results to the senior college.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1984
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1984 establishments in Japan
Mariandyrys is a village in the community of Llangoed, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 132.2 miles (212.7 km) from Cardiff and 208.5 miles (335.4 km) from London.
Within the community and to the west of the village centre is an SSSI which is also a Nature Reserve managed by North Wales Wildlife Trust. It comprises an area of limestone grassland and heath with views to Snowdonia and the coast of Anglesey.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Palmerstown may also refer to:
Palmerstown, a suburban area of Dublin, Ireland
Palmerstown, Fingal, a civil parish in Ireland
Palmerstown, Vale of Glamorgan, a district in south Wales
Palmerstown, U.S.A., a 1980s American TV show
See also
Palmerston (disambiguation)
Jane Hill (born 1969) is a British newsreader.
Jane Hill may also refer to:
Jane Hill (ecologist), British-born academic
Jane Hill (politician) (1936–2015), Australian politician
Jane H. Hill (1939–2018), American anthropologist
See also
Hill (surname)
Hill (disambiguation)
Snapper is an EP by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper, released in 1988 through Flying Nun Records.
Critical reception
In its review of the 2013 Record Store Day re-release, Pitchfork wrote that "each track hums to the sound of a familiar organ drone and a wash of distorted guitar, all tied into a precision-tooled drive that mirrors Klaus Dinger's motorik drumming in Neu!"
Track listing
"Buddy" – 3:40
"Cause of You" – 3:43
"Death and Weirdness in the Surfing Zone" – 2:44
"Hang On" – 5:26
Personnel
Snapper
Alan Haig – drums
Dominic Stones – guitar, vocals
Christine Voice – keyboards, vocals, guitar
Peter Gutteridge – vocals, guitar, keyboards
Charts
References
Snapper (band) albums
1988 EPs
Flying Nun Records EPs
Dunedin Sound albums
Dr. Mariano G. Yogore, Jr. (December 29, 1921 in Iloilo City, Philippines – June 1, 2006) was a Filipino microbiologist. He studied at the University of the Philippines in 1945 and Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland in 1948.
Yogore was a research associate and professor of parasitology at the University of Chicago from 1969–1986. Prior to that, he was research associate and associate professor at the University of Chicago from 1967–1969. He also served as USPHS research fellow at the Department Microbiology at the University of Chicago between 1959 and 1961.
He was a member of the National Research Council of the Philippines from 1957–1973. He was also an instructor and later on professor of parasitology at University of the Philippines, Baguio, from 1945 to 1967.
He was a member of several honorary societies and professional organizations, and was listed as Philippine Man of Science (1964) and American Men and Women of Science No. 1218.
References
20th-century Filipino scientists
University of Chicago faculty
Johns Hopkins University faculty
University of the Philippines faculty
People from Iloilo City
1921 births
2006 deaths
American scientists
Filipino expatriates in the United States
21st-century Filipino scientists
Death of a Corrupt Man (), also known as The Twisted Detective and To Kill a Rat, is a 1977 French political thriller directed by Georges Lautner and starring Alain Delon. The film is based on the novel by Raf Vallet.
Cast
Alain Delon as Xavier 'Xav' Maréchal
Ornella Muti as Valérie
Stéphane Audran as Christiane
Mireille Darc as Françoise
Maurice Ronet as Philippe Dubaye
Michel Aumont as Commissaire Moreau
Jean Bouise as Commissaire Pernais
Daniel Ceccaldi as Lucien Lacor
Julien Guiomar as Fondari
Klaus Kinski as Nicolas Tomski
François Chaumette as Lansac
Xavier Depraz as Marcel
Henri Virlojeux as Paul
Colette Duval as La secrétaire de Serrano
Carole Lange as La fille du vestiaire
El Kebir as Kébir
Gérard Hérold as Dupaire
Musical score and soundtrack
The film score was composed and arranged by Philippe Sarde and features saxophonist Stan Getz fronting the London Symphony Orchestra and the soundtrack album was first released on the French Melba label.
Allmusic's Yuri German noted, "Film director Georges Lautner, who worked with Philippe Sarde on a dozen films, said that he was always impressed by the composer's ability to find an original musical approach to each picture. This time, Sarde, who always closely follows the editing process, suggested that they needed a strong soloist, preferably a tenor saxophone player, who would serve as a musical counterpart for the actor Alain Delon's famous good looks. Being a perfectionist, he opted for Stan Getz, one of the all-time great tenor saxophonists. Watching Getz's performance, Lautner decided to find a way to put the musician in the picture. He filmed Getz playing the opening theme, "Paris, Cinq Heures du Matin", solo, and it's the saxophonist's silhouette that appears during the credits sequence in the beginning of the film... The soundtrack turned out to be costly, but the director was pleased with the outcome. Sarde's instincts were right—Getz's saxophone gave the soundtrack a lyrical, nostalgic quality—fitting for Alain Delon's quest in the film for the sake of the past, to honor the memory of his dead friend".
Track listing
All compositions by Philippe Sarde.
"Paris, 5 H Du Matin" - 2:38
"Souvenirs" - 2:05
"Valérie" - 1:35
"Les Camions" - 1:30
"L'Attente" - 1:17
"Getz O Mania" - 3:07
"Mort d'un Pourri" - 5:30
"Montparnasse" - 3:37
"Cafeteria" - 1:23
"Les Aveux" - 1:08
"Rocquencourt" - 1:50
"Tout est Tranquille" - 1:50
Personnel
Stan Getz - tenor saxophone
Andy LaVerne - piano
Marcel Azzola - bandoneon
Rick Laird - bass
Billy Hart - drums
Efrain Toro - percussion
London Symphony Orchestra conducted by Carlo Savina
References
External links
1977 films
1977 crime films
1970s French-language films
French crime films
Films directed by Georges Lautner
Films produced by Alain Delon
Films with screenplays by Michel Audiard
Films scored by Philippe Sarde
1970s French films
Rufus Roy McCain (July 7, 1903 – December 3, 1940) was a prisoner at Alcatraz who attempted escape with Henri Young and Arthur Barker in 1939.
Attempt
On the night of January 13, 1939, McCain, with Young, Barker, and two other men, attempted escape from the Rock. The guards started to fire shots at Arthur Barker. Barker eventually died and the others were recaptured. McCain and Young were sentenced to almost 22 months each in solitary confinement.
After Young and McCain returned to the normal prison population, McCain was assigned to the tailoring shop and Young to the furniture shop located directly upstairs.
Death
On December 3, 1940, Young waited until just after the count to run downstairs and stab McCain with a sharpened spoon. McCain fell quickly into shock and died five hours later. Young refused to disclose his motive for the murder.
References
External links
Alcatraz: Rigid and Unusual Punishment
1903 births
1940 deaths
American escapees
Escapees from the United States federal government detention
Inmates of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary
American people who died in prison custody
Deaths by stabbing in California
Prisoners who died in the United States federal government detention
Prisoners murdered in custody
Michael E. Sodrel (born December 17, 1945) is an American politician and businessman who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for Indiana's 9th congressional district from 2005 to 2007. Sodrel launched another run against incumbent Democratic Rep. Baron Hill in 2010 – his fifth straight run for Congress in the ninth district. However, he lost the Republican nomination to Bloomington attorney Todd Young, who won the general election.
In 2022, after a twelve-year political retirement, Sodrel announced he was running for his old seat in the 2022 United States House of Representatives elections in Indiana.
Early life
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Sodrel grew up across the Ohio River in New Albany, Indiana. He graduated from New Albany High School in 1963. Sodrel attended Indiana University Southeast in New Albany, Indiana.
Career
From 1966 to 1973, Sodrel served in the 151st Infantry Regiment of the Indiana National Guard. He was honorably discharged with the rank of staff sergeant. Since 1963, Sodrel has worked at his family's business, Sodrel Truck Lines Inc. He founded the Free Enterprise System Inc. (a charter motor-coach/contract passenger-carrier) and Sodrel Logistics.
Sodrel is the author of an internet book, Citizen Sheep Government Shepherds.
U.S. House of Representatives
Sodrel served as a member of the United States House Committee on Agriculture, United States House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, United States House Committee on Small Business, and United States House Committee on Science.
During his term, Sodrel opposed partial-birth abortions and federal funding for elective abortions. He opposed additional environmental regulations. He has outspokenly supported the right to bear arms. He has a 92 lifetime rating from the American Conservative Union, and a zero rating from the League of Conservation Voters. He is in favor of permanently repealing the federal estate tax.
In 2006 Sodrel introduced a bill that would prevent federal courts from ruling on the content of speech in state legislatures. The proposal came as a response to U.S. District Judge David Hamilton's ruling that official Indiana House proceedings could not begin with sectarian prayers that advanced any particular religion.
Political campaigns
Sodrel has campaigned on a platform of creating and protecting jobs, lowering taxes and values. He drives his own 18-wheeler on the campaign trail. He first ran for the House of Representatives in 2002, losing to incumbent Baron Hill, 51% to 46%. In the 2004 rematch, he defeated Hill by 1,500 votes.
2006
Sodrel faced Hill again in the 2006 general election. The Cook Political Report, an independent nonpartisan newsletter, rated the race as a toss-up.
President George W. Bush came to a Sodrel fundraiser in Indianapolis early in 2006, while his opponent gained help in Indianapolis with fundraisers from former President Bill Clinton.
Sodrel ultimately lost his bid for re-election by a margin of 45% to 50%. The candidates raised equivalent funds in 2006.
Texas millionaire Bob J. Perry gave more than $5 million to the Economic Freedom Fund, a 527 group, which included Hill as one of its targets for removal. The group paid for automated "push poll" calls attacking Hill. These calls stopped after action by the Indiana Attorney General.
2008
In October 2007 Sodrel announced that he would run again in 2008 for the Congressional seat against Baron Hill, whom he defeated in 2004 but to whom he lost in 2002 and 2006.
In 2006 Cook rated the race as a toss-up for the duration of the race, but in 2008 the race moved between Likely D to Lean D on the Cook Political Report.
Sodrel's fundraising was weak compared both to Hill and Sodrel's 2006 figures.
Hill defeated Sodrel in the election, 58% to 39%.
2010
On January 11, 2010, at an event in Jeffersonville, Indiana, Mike Sodrel announced that he would again seek the 2010 Republican nomination for the 9th congressional seat. He joined two other candidates in the field of Republican contenders: Bloomington attorney Todd Young (a native of Carmel, Indiana) and Columbus real-estate investor Travis Hankins. A poll published by the left-leaning weblog Firedoglake showed Sodrel leading Hill 49–41 in a head-to-head race. However he lost the Republican nomination, coming in third place behind Travis Hankins and winner Todd Young. Young won the general election against Hill.
2022
On February 8, 2022, Sodrel announced that he would once again seek the Republican nomination for the ninth district after three-term representative Trey Hollingsworth announced his retirement. Sodrel is one of nine Republicans seeking the nomination in the district.
Electoral history
Write-in and minor candidate notes: In 2006, Donald W. Mantooth received 33 votes.
Personal life
In 1967, Sodrel married Marquita Dean; they have two children and seven granddaughters. Sodrel has served on numerous charitable organization's board of directors, including the Remnant Trust and as a past regional council president of the Boy Scouts of America.
References
External links
FairTax Mike Sodrel is a supporter and cosponsor (Link no longer works)
Firedoglake blog article
|-
1945 births
21st-century American politicians
American trucking industry businesspeople
Baptists from Kentucky
Businesspeople from Indiana
Living people
Military personnel from Indiana
People from New Albany, Indiana
Politicians from Louisville, Kentucky
United States Army soldiers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana
The Qingdao International Horticultural Exposition 2014 () is a horticultural exhibition recognised by the International Association of Horticultural Producers (as AIPH class A2/B1) in Qingdao, China. It is being held from April 25 to October 25 in Baiguo Mountain Park of Licang District. The motto of the exhibition is: "From the earth, for the Earth".
Mascot
The mascot is named “Qingqing”. The mascots blue-green colour (qing) represents the old Chinese saying that blue-green comes from blue but is superior as green has been added.
Pavilions
Theme Pavilion
Botanical Pavilion
Science Pavilion
References
External links
Qingdao International Horticultural Exposition 2014 (Chinese)
Qingdao International Horticultural Exposition 2014 (English)
Emblem and Mascot of Expo 2014
International Horticultural Expositions Overview
2014 in China
Qingdao
2014
International horticultural exhibitions
Garden festivals in China
These 309 species belong to the genus Glyptapanteles, braconid wasps.
Glyptapanteles species
Glyptapanteles acasta (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles acherontiae (Cameron, 1907)
Glyptapanteles acraeae (Wilkinson, 1932)
Glyptapanteles afiamaluanus (Fullaway, 1941)
Glyptapanteles africanus (Cameron, 1911)
Glyptapanteles aggestus (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles agrotivorus Whitfield, 2002
Glyptapanteles agynus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles aithos (Sharma, 1973)
Glyptapanteles alejandrovalerioi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles aletta (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles alexborisenkoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles alexwildi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles aliphera (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles alticola (Ashmead, 1902)
Glyptapanteles alvarowillei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles amenophis (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles andrewdebeveci Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles andybennetti Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles andydeansi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles andysuarezi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles andywarreni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ankitaguptae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles annettewalkerae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles antarctiae (Blanchard, 1935)
Glyptapanteles antinoe (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles antsirabensis (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles anubis (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles arcuatus (Telenga, 1955)
Glyptapanteles arginae (Bhatnagar, 1950)
Glyptapanteles argus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles aristolochiae (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles artonae (Rohwer, 1926)
Glyptapanteles ashmeadi (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles atylana (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles aucklandensis (Cameron, 1909)
Glyptapanteles badgleyi (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles barneyburksi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles bataviensis (Rohwer, 1919)
Glyptapanteles betogarciai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles bidentatus (Sharma, 1972)
Glyptapanteles billbrowni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles bimus Papp, 1990
Glyptapanteles bistonis (Watanabe, 1934)
Glyptapanteles bobhanneri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles bobkulai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles bobwhartoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles boharti Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles borocerae (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles bourquini (Blanchard, 1936)
Glyptapanteles breviscuta Song & Chen, 2004
Glyptapanteles brianestjaquesae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles caberatae (Muesebeck, 1956)
Glyptapanteles cacao (Wilkinson, 1934)
Glyptapanteles cadei (Risbec, 1951)
Glyptapanteles caffreyi (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles callidus (Haliday, 1834)
Glyptapanteles capeki (Györfi, 1955)
Glyptapanteles carinachicaizae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles carinatus (Szépligeti, 1913)
Glyptapanteles carlhuffakeri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles carlossarmientoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles carlrettenmeyeri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles cassianus (Riley, 1881)
Glyptapanteles celsoazevedoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles charlesmicheneri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles charlesporteri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles chidra Rousse & Gupta, 2013
Glyptapanteles chrisdarlingi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles chrisgrinteri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles christerhanssoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles cinyras (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles clanisae Gupta, 2013
Glyptapanteles claudiamartinezae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles colemani (Viereck, 1912)
Glyptapanteles compressiventris (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles compressus (Muesebeck, 1919)
Glyptapanteles concinnus (Muesebeck, 1958)
Glyptapanteles corbetti (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles corriemoreauae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles creatonoti (Viereck, 1912)
Glyptapanteles dalosoma de Santis, 1987
Glyptapanteles darjeelingensis (Sharma & Chatterjee, 1970)
Glyptapanteles daveroubiki Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles daveschindeli Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles davesmithi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles davidwahli Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles deliasa Austin & Dangerfield, 1992
Glyptapanteles diegocamposi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles distatus Papp, 1990
Glyptapanteles donquickei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles dorislagosae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ecuadorius Whitfield, 2002
Glyptapanteles edgardpalacioi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles edwinnarvaezi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles eowilsoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles erictepei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles eryphanidis (Whitfield, 2011)
Glyptapanteles eucosmae (Wilkinson, 1929)
Glyptapanteles euproctisiphagus (Ahmad, 1945)
Glyptapanteles eutelus (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles fabiae (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles felipesotoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles femoratus Ashmead, 1906
Glyptapanteles ferfernandezi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ficus (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles flavicoxis (Marsh, 1979)
Glyptapanteles flavovariatus (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles floridanus (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles fraternus (Reinhard, 1880)
Glyptapanteles fullawayi Austin & Dangerfield, 1992
Glyptapanteles fulvigaster (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles fulvipes (Haliday, 1834)
Glyptapanteles fuscinervis (Cameron, 1911)
Glyptapanteles gahinga (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles garygibsoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles gavinbroadi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles genorodriguezae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles gerarddelvarei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles globatus (Linnaeus, 1758)
Glyptapanteles glyphodes (Wilkinson, 1932)
Glyptapanteles gowdeyi (Gahan, 1918)
Glyptapanteles grantgentryi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles guierae (Risbec, 1951)
Glyptapanteles gunnarbrehmi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles guyanensis (Cameron, 1911)
Glyptapanteles haroldgreeneyi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles harrisinae (Muesebeck, 1953)
Glyptapanteles helmuthaguirrei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles henryhespenheidei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles henrytownesi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles herbertii (Ashmead, 1900)
Glyptapanteles horus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles howelldalyi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles hugokonsi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles hydroeciae (You & Xiong, 1983)
Glyptapanteles hypermnestrae Gupta & Pereira, 2012
Glyptapanteles iangauldi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ianyarrowi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ilarisaaksjarvi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles inclusus (Ratzeburg, 1844)
Glyptapanteles indiensis (Marsh, 1979)
Glyptapanteles intermedius (Balevski, 1980)
Glyptapanteles intricatus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles jacklonginoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jamesrobertsoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jaquioconnorae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jeremydewaardi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jerrypowelli Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jesusugaldei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jimmilleri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jjrodriguezae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles johnburnsi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles johnheratyi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles johnlasallei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles johnnoyesi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles johnstiremani Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles josesimbanai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles juanvargasi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles jumamuturii Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles keithwillmotti Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles kevinjohnsoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles kyleparksi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles lamborni (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles lamprosemae (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles laxatus (Wilkinson, 1930)
Glyptapanteles lefevrei (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles leucotretae (Ullyett, 1946)
Glyptapanteles linghsiuae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles liparidis (Bouché, 1834)
Glyptapanteles lissopleurus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles longiantennatus (You & Xiong, 1987)
Glyptapanteles longistigma Chen & Song, 2004
Glyptapanteles longivena Chen & Song, 2004
Glyptapanteles lubomasneri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles luchosalagajei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles luciana (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles lucidus (Sharma, 1972)
Glyptapanteles luteipennis (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles maculitarsis (Cameron, 1905)
Glyptapanteles madecassus (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles majalis (Wesmael, 1837)
Glyptapanteles malleyneae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles malloryvanwyngaardenae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles malthacae (Muesebeck, 1958)
Glyptapanteles mamiae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles marcelotavaresi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles marcepsteini Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles marcpolleti Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles marjorietownesae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles markshawi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles marquesi (Brèthes, 1924)
Glyptapanteles marshawheelerae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles meganmiltonae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles megistusocellus Song & Chen, 2004
Glyptapanteles mehrdadhajibabaei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles melanotus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles melissus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles menander (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles merope (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles michelleduennesae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles mikegatesi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles mikepoguei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles mikeschauffi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles mikesharkeyi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles militaris (Walsh, 1861)
Glyptapanteles minor Ashmead, 1906
Glyptapanteles mnesampela Austin, 2000
Glyptapanteles montywoodi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles muesebecki (Blanchard, 1947)
Glyptapanteles mygdonia (Nixon, 1973)
Glyptapanteles naromae (Risbec, 1951)
Glyptapanteles nataliaivanovae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles nealweberi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles neoliparidis Chen & Song, 2004
Glyptapanteles nepitae (Wilkinson, 1934)
Glyptapanteles nigerrimus (Roman, 1924)
Glyptapanteles nigrescens (Cameron, 1906)
Glyptapanteles nigricornis (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles ninazitaniae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ninus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles nivalis (Papp, 1983)
Glyptapanteles nkuli (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles obliquae (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles octonarius (Ratzeburg, 1852)
Glyptapanteles operculinae (Fullaway, 1941)
Glyptapanteles pachopinasi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles palabundus (Tobias, 1986)
Glyptapanteles pallipes (Reinhard, 1880)
Glyptapanteles pamitchellae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles parasundanus (Bhatnagar, 1950)
Glyptapanteles paulhansoni Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles paulheberti Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles paulhurdi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles penelope (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles penelopeus (Tobias, 1986)
Glyptapanteles penthocratus (Austin, 1987)
Glyptapanteles petermarzi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles phildevriesi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles philippinensis (Ashmead, 1904)
Glyptapanteles philocampus (Cameron, 1911)
Glyptapanteles philwardi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles phoebe (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles phragmataeciae (You & Zhou, 1990)
Glyptapanteles phytometraduplus (Shenefelt, 1972)
Glyptapanteles phytometrae (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles pinicola (Lyle, 1917)
Glyptapanteles politus (Riley, 1881)
Glyptapanteles popovi (Telenga, 1955)
Glyptapanteles porthetriae (Muesebeck, 1928)
Glyptapanteles praesens (Muesebeck, 1947)
Glyptapanteles propylae (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles pseudacraeae Donaldson, 1991
Glyptapanteles pseudotsugae Fernandez-Triana, 2018
Glyptapanteles puera (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles rafamanitioi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ripus (Papp, 1983)
Glyptapanteles robbinthorpi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles ronaldzunigai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles roysnellingi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles rubens (Reinhard, 1880)
Glyptapanteles sagmaria (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles salepus (Papp, 1983)
Glyptapanteles sarrothripae (Weed, 1887)
Glyptapanteles scottmilleri Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles scottshawi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles seydeli (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles shelbystedenfeldae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles sibiricus (Papp, 1983)
Glyptapanteles siderion (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles simus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles sondrawardae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles speciosissimus (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles spilosomae (de Saeger, 1941)
Glyptapanteles spodopterae Ahmad, 2009
Glyptapanteles stackelbergi (Telenga, 1955)
Glyptapanteles stephaniecluttsae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles stephaniekirkae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles subpunctatus (Granger, 1949)
Glyptapanteles sujeevanratnasinghami Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles suniae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles sureshnaiki Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles suzannegreenae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles sydneycameronae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles taniaariasae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles tanyadapkeyae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles taylori (Wilkinson, 1928)
Glyptapanteles theivorae (Shenefelt, 1972)
Glyptapanteles thespis (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles thibautdelsinnei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles thomaspapei Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles thompsoni (Lyle, 1927)
Glyptapanteles thoseae (Wilkinson, 1934)
Glyptapanteles toluagunbiadeae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles tomwallai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles trilochae Gupta, 2013
Glyptapanteles vafer (Nixon, 1965)
Glyptapanteles venustus (de Saeger, 1944)
Glyptapanteles victoriapookae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles vitripennis (Curtis, 1830)
Glyptapanteles websteri (Muesebeck, 1921)
Glyptapanteles wilkinsoni (Fahringer, 1936)
Glyptapanteles wilmersimbanai Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles wonyoungchoi Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles yalizhangae Arias-Penna, 2019
Glyptapanteles yanayacuensis Arias-Penna, 2019
References
Glyptapanteles
This is a list of media in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Radio
Television
Medicine Hat is not designated as a mandatory market for digital television conversion. All broadcasting stations broadcast only in analogue.
There are two "cable" television providers in Medicine Hat, Shaw Communications and Telus. Shaw carries American network affiliates from Spokane, Washington.
Medicine Hat has not had over-the-air English-language CBC Television service since CHAT-TV disaffiliated from the network in 2008. CBC and Global is available only on cable or satellite in Medicine Hat, with Shaw offering CBRT-DT from Calgary to is subscribers. Alberta's Radio-Canada station, CBXFT-DT Edmonton, is also available on cable.
Print
Medicine Hat News
Prairie Post
Medicine Hat
Media, Medicine Hat
The German tariff of 1902 was a protectionist law passed by the Reichstag (under the guidance of Chancellor Bernhard von Bülow) that raised tariffs on agricultural imports into Imperial Germany. It became law on 25 December 1902.
Background
One of Bülow's predecessors, Leo von Caprivi, had negotiated commercial treaties with Austria-Hungary and Italy that had led to increased imports of foreign grain. Along with good harvests this caused a decline in the prices of wheat and rye until 1894, when they increased until 1898. In 1898 the price of wheat in Prussia was 39s.10d. per imperial quarter. This declined to 32s.1d. in 1900 but rose again to 35s.2s. in 1902. The price of rye in Prussia remained steady: it was 7s.3d. per cwt. in 1898 and 7s.2d. in 1902.
The agrarian interest (represented by the Junker-dominated German Agrarian League) complained of urbanisation caused by industrialisation; this was robbing the land of agricultural workers. They denounced the policy of the trade treaties that had facilitated the increase in industrial exports but which had also increased agricultural imports. Instead, they lobbied for increased duties for all branches of agriculture. Their pressure was the decisive factor in bringing about higher rates of agricultural protection.
Bülow's policy was to increase tariffs in the hope that these would give greater leverage to the government in the negotiations due when the treaties expired in 1906. He also wished for greater specialisation in the tariff schedules to enable specific duties to be lowered without having to reduce those on others. The tariff bill was introduced in the Reichstag in 1901 but due to the intense debate over it, the bill was not passed until December 1902.
Rates
The tariff schedule introduced maximum and minimum duties on wheat, rye, oats and malting barley. These minimum rates were the lowest that could be levied in any future commercial treaty. The maximum duty on wheat was 7.50 marks per 100kg, the minimum duty was 5.50 marks. The maximum duty on rye and oats was 7 marks, the minimum was 5 marks. The maximum duty on malting barley was 7 marks, the minimum 4 marks. In the treaties negotiated afterwards, the minimum rates on grain (which came into force in March 1906) were generally used.
The duty on maize was raised to 5 marks; on flour to 18.75 marks; on butter and cheese 30 marks; on eggs 6 marks; on meat 45 marks; on bullocks, cows and pigs 18 marks and on wine 24 marks.
Notes
References
Percy Ashley, Modern Tariff History: Germany–United States–France (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
Alexander Gerschenkron, Bread and Democracy in Germany (New York: Howard Fertig, 1966).
Michael Tracy, Government and Agriculture in Western Europe, 1880–1988 (London: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989).
Further reading
K. D. Barkin, The Controversy Over German Industrialization, 1890-1902 (Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1970).
H. Dietzel, 'The German Tariff Controversy', The Quarterly Journal of Economics, Vol. 17, No. 3 (May, 1903), pp. 365-416.
Economy of the German Empire
1902 in Germany
The National Alliance was an electoral alliance in Egypt that was established by former Egyptian prime minister Kamal Ganzouri; Ganzouri decided not to compete in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election. The spokesman for the Egyptian Front criticized the alliance for its inclusion of "Mubarak-era government ministers". The Egyptian Wafd Coalition declined an offer to join the alliance. The Arabic Popular Movement would have joined the alliance. Some of the individuals involved with the list included Mahmoud Badr and Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour (though Badr joined the For the Love of Egypt alliance).
Formerly affiliated parties and coalitions
Egyptian Front
Modern Egypt Party
My Homeland Egypt Party
Egyptian Patriotic Movement
Democratic Generation Party
Independent Current Coalition
Democratic Peace Party
Egyptian Arab Socialist Party
Revolutionary Forces Bloc
Free Egyptians Party
References
Defunct political party alliances in Egypt
FC Chibati is a Georgian association football club based in Lanchkhuti, which currently competes in Regionuli Liga, the fifth tier of Georgian league system.
History
Chibati was founded in 1983. They served as a reserve team for Guria and participated in the second division of Georgian championship for several years.
In 2018, the team was restored on the basis of a local Sport Centre. The next year they took part in Regionuli Liga, where the debutants under Revaz Kukuladze qualified for the Promotion Group. In the second stage of the competition the team finished 9th.
In the 2020 season, shortened by COVID, Chibati finished in mid-table. In early 2021 the team was faced with an extraordinary case during the opening game. Following the injuries sustained by both goalkeepers, an outfield player had to go in goal.
In August 2021, former Guria and Bakhmaro manager Temur Loria was appointed as head coach of the team, who was replaced in early next year by Avtandil Nariashvili, also known for his tenure at Guria.
Seasons
Squad
As of May 2022
Stadium
The team plays home games at local stadium named after Тamaz Chakhvadze, one of the founders of the club.
References
External Links
Page on Facebook
Page on Soccerway
Football clubs in Georgia (country)
Leonardo Mario Bernacch (January 5, 1935 – April 10, 2012) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of Tabaicara and bishop of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Camiri, Bolivia.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1958, Bernacchi became bishop in 1993 and retired in 2009.
Notes
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bolivia
1935 births
2012 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bolivia
Roman Catholic bishops of Camiri
Norbert-Bertrand Barbe is a French art historian, semiologist, artist and writer. He was born in 1968 and has a master's degree in art history (Université Paris X, 1991) and a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature (Université d'Orléans, 1996). He is an Honorary Member of the Nicaraguan Academy of Language.
Biography
Barbe worked as a teacher and researcher since 1992 in several French, Costa Rican and Nicaraguan institutions. His fields are the Middle Ages, modern times and the contemporary era. He dedicated himself to the study of symbolic productions, (plastic arts), literature, cinema, myths and the methodological and epistemological rationalization of its approach. He developed this approach in his doctoral thesis "The themes of the Raft of the Medusa by Théodore Géricault studied through their recurrence in the work of the painter, and art and literature of the 19th century" (1992) and "Roland Barthes and the aesthetic theory" (1996), in his book Arturo Andrés Roig and the epistemological problem (1998). He is the author of more than 1200 articles. published in national print media and magazines (France, Spain, United States, Mexico, Nicaragua), and on internet (Spain, Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica).
The theoretical books by Norbert-Bertrand Barbe are accessible on the main University libraries around the world (Yale, Princeton, Emory, Harvard, Oxford, Heidelberg, La Sorbonne, Tokyo, Kyoto, etc., as well as in the Library of Congress or in the National Library of Sweden).
Artistic orientation and theoric relevance
In poetry and art, his work has evolved from a naturalistic expressionism to decomposition formal and narrative questions, particularly through the shocker pop and photomontages.
In the 2000s he developed "processal" works and "geometric poems and tales", which incorporate the concept of "Not Happening" and "reverse literature" in which the structure of the narrative construction appears to the reader/viewer.
He is co-founder of the movement Kites (1996–1999) and Any Name (1998–2005), founder of the journal Go Home (2005 to date) and founder of Bes editions (2001 to date).
As a theorist, his path is defined by its combination of different academic disciplines. He has a masters degree in low medieval art history, and a DEA and PhD in Comparative Literature, modern and contemporary respectively, (his PhD touching issues of aesthetic and epistemological study of the works), with significant contributions to the humanities studies:
The unification of a general theory of interpretation of symbolic productions through his books Iconologia (about visual arts), Myths (about mythology), Literary origins of contemporary thought (about literature), Essays on filmic iconology (about films).
Mirroring macro phenomena from micro (Nicaragua).
The comprehensive approach to the development and structural evolution of the modern mentality to the contemporary one studied in its works. In books: Culture Lodge, The Construction of the; Literary origins of contemporary thought; Nothingness in contemporary thought; Darian Studies.
The iconological approach to contemporary art and motifs as minimal units of meaning to assume the abstract work as a historical phenomenon readable since his time. In books: Representation: Iconographic problem of contemporary art; Sur-realism; The Scream by Edvard Munch: A paradigmatic case of staging iconic codes of an era; Stéphane Mallarmé and the question of abstract art.
The study of modern and contemporary architecture as an expression not just concrete and practical of using necessities, but also intellectual of formal tensions. In books: Meaning and context of the Black square on White background by Kazimir Malevich: An testimonial and argumentative object of vanguards in their controversies with figurative art about issues of color and formal composition; A History of Modern Architecture 12th–18th centuries; History of contemporary architecture 19th- centuries.
The analysis of discourses of domination from the study of mass speech. In books: Two essays on Laugh; Elements of the political construction of contemporary thought nineteenth-twentieth centuries – Criticism and lies: From Public School to Socialism of the century; Vox Populi: Why we are not free; Metalanguage and dominance speeches in the postmodern culture and politics.
Visual art
References
Living people
1968 births
20th-century French philosophers
French literary critics
French literary theorists
Mythographers
French semioticians
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
21st-century French painters
21st-century French male artists
French contemporary artists
University of Paris alumni
University of Orléans alumni
French art historians
20th-century French male writers
21st-century French male writers
Floyd Buckley (October 21, 1877 - November 14, 1956) was an American film, stage, and radio actor whose career began with Buffalo Bill and ended with Broadway.
Born in Chatham, New York, Buckley attended St. John's Military Academy in Manlius, New York. He served in the Spanish–American War before he joined Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show in 1899. He worked with the Office of War Information during World War II.
He appeared in 15 films between 1914 and 1953. Besides acting, he worked as a stuntman and produced and directed films. He also acted in the theatrical short, "Be Kind to 'Aminals.'"
During the 1930s, he was the voice of Popeye the Sailor on radio and was in the cast of Keeping Up with Wigglesworth.. He also provided the voice of Popeye in the syndicated TV cartoon version of the program.
Buckley's experience on Broadway began with The Fisher Maiden (1903) and ended when he portrayed Pa Stockdale in No Time for Sergeants (1955). At that time he was the oldest active performer on Broadway.
In 1927, Buckley married dancer Juliet Sparks; they had a son and two daughters.
On November 14, 1956, Buckley died of an aortal aneurysm in Flushing Hospital, aged 82. The aneurysm struck as he returned home from a performance of No Time for Sergeants.
Selected filmography
The Exploits of Elaine (1914)
God's Law and Man's (1917)
The House of Hate (1918)
The Master Mystery (1918 serial film)
References
External links
1877 births
1956 deaths
American male film actors
American male voice actors
20th-century American male actors
People from Whitestone, Queens
American male stage actors
Broadway theatre people
Francis Bernhard Heiser (died 14 December 1952) was a British Anglican priest who was principal of Fourah Bay College in Sierra Leone before becoming principal of St Aidan's Theological College in Birkenhead.
Life
Heiser was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, graduating in 1906. After being ordained in 1907, he served as curate of St Luke's Church, Hampstead until 1914. He was then the incumbent of Christ Church, Madras until 1920. He was principal of Fourah Bay College in Sierra Leone from 1920 to 1922, before returning to England and becoming vice-principal of St Aidan's Theological College in Birkenhead in 1924. He was principal from 1929 to 1950, then became the vicar of St Margaret's Church in Collier Street, Kent. He was appointed an honorary canon of Chester Cathedral in 1942.
References
1952 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
20th-century English Anglican priests
Year of birth unknown
Fourah Bay College faculty
Pio Alika Sagapolutele (November 28, 1969 – June 7, 2009) was an American football defensive tackle who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns, the New England Patriots, and the New Orleans Saints. He started in Super Bowl XXXI for the New England Patriots. He played college football at San Diego State University.
He was born in American Samoa and died of an aneurysm on June 7, 2009, in Chandler, Arizona where he lived. Following his death his wife sued the National Football League and football helmet maker Riddell Inc. alleging that his death was caused by brain injuries.
References
1969 births
2009 deaths
American football defensive linemen
American sportspeople of Samoan descent
San Diego State Aztecs football players
Cleveland Browns players
New England Patriots players
New Orleans Saints players
Deaths from aneurysm
Sportspeople from Chandler, Arizona
Players of American football from American Samoa
Ringebu may refer to:
Places
Ringebu, a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway
Ringebu (village) (also known as Vålebru), a village in Ringebu municipality in Innlandet county, Norway
Ringebu Stave Church, a church in Ringebu municipality in Innlandet county, Norway
Ringebu Station, a railway station in Ringebu municipality in Innlandet county, Norway
Some Kinda Fun is the third studio album by Teenage Head, released in 1982. It was one of the Top 100 albums in Canada of 1982. The album was certified Gold in Canada on April 28, 2014.
Track listing
Personnel
Frankie Venom (Kerr) - vocals, harmonica
Gordon Lewis - guitar
Steve Mahon - bass
Nick Stipanitz - drums, vocals, backing vocals
Production
Brian Christian - producer
Ringo Hyrcyna - engineer
Hayward Parrott - remix engineer
David Bendeth - mixing
Recorded at Nimbus/Sound Stage Studios, Toronto
Remixed at Manta Sound, Toronto
Chart positions
Album
Singles
References
1982 albums
Teenage Head (band) albums
The Great Andamanese languages are a nearly extinct language family once spoken by the Great Andamanese peoples of the Andaman Islands (India), in the Indian Ocean.
History
By the late 18th century, when the British first established a colonial presence on the Andaman islands, there were an estimated 5,000 Great Andamanese living on Great Andaman and surrounding islands, comprising 10 distinct tribes with distinct but closely related languages. From the 1860s onwards, the British established a penal colony on the islands, which led to the subsequent arrival of mainland settlers and indentured labourers, mainly from the Indian subcontinent. This coincided with the massive population reduction of the Andamanese due to outside diseases, to a low of 19 individuals in 1961.
Since then their numbers have rebounded somewhat, reaching 52 by 2010. However, by 1994 there were no remembers of any but the northern lects, and divisions among the surviving tribes (Jeru, Kora, Bo and Cari) had effectively ceased to exist due to intermarriage and resettlement to a much smaller territory on Strait Island. Some of them also intermarried with Karen (Burmese) and Indian settlers. Hindi serves as their primary language.
Some of the population spoke a koine based mainly on Aka-Jeru, but even this is only partially remembered and no longer a language of daily use.
Aka-Kora became fully extinct in November 2009, when its last rememberer, Boro Sr, died.
The last semi-fluent speaker of Aka-Jeru (and of the koine), Nao Jr., also died in 2009. At this point, no Great Andamanese remained who remembered much of their mother tongue.
The last rememberer of Aka-Bo died in 2010 at age 85.<ref name=telegraph2>(2011) Lives Remembered. The Daily Telegraph, London, 10 February 2010. Accessed on 2010-02-22. Also on web.archive.org</ref> The last rememberer of Aka-Cari, a woman called Licho, died from chronic tuberculosis in April 2020 in Shadipur, Port Blair.Mourning the death of a language amid the pandemic, Straits Times, 2020 June 3
As of reports published in 2020, there remained three heritage-speakers of the koine, which they called Jeru.
Grammar
The Great Andamanese languages are agglutinative languages, with an extensive prefix and suffix system.Temple, Richard C. (1902). A Grammar of the Andamanese Languages, being Chapter IV of Part I of the Census Report on the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Superintendent's Printing Press: Port Blair. They have a distinctive noun class system based largely on body parts, in which every noun and adjective may take a prefix according to which body part it is associated with (on the basis of shape, or functional association). Thus, for instance, the *aka- at the beginning of the language names is a prefix for objects related to the tongue. An adjectival example can be given by the various forms of yop, "pliable, soft", in Aka-Bea:
A cushion or sponge is ot-yop "round-soft", from the prefix attached to words relating to the head or heart.
A cane is ôto-yop, "pliable", from a prefix for long things.
A stick or pencil is aka-yop, "pointed", from the tongue prefix.
A fallen tree is ar-yop, "rotten", from the prefix for limbs or upright things.
Similarly, beri-nga "good" yields:un-bēri-ŋa "clever" (hand-good).ig-bēri-ŋa "sharp-sighted" (eye-good).aka-bēri-ŋa "good at languages" (tongue-good).ot-bēri-ŋa "virtuous" (head/heart-good).
The prefixes are:
Abbi (2013: 80) lists the following body part prefixes in Great Andamanese.
Body parts are inalienably possessed, requiring a possessive adjective prefix to complete them, so one cannot say "head" alone, but only "my, or his, or your, etc. head".
The basic pronouns are almost identical throughout the Great Andamanese languages; Aka-Bea will serve as a representative example (pronouns given in their basic prefixal forms):
'This' and 'that' are distinguished as k- and t-.
Judging from the available sources, the Andamanese languages have only two cardinal numbers — one and two — and their entire numerical lexicon is one, two, one more, some more, and all.
Phonology
The following is the sound system of the present-day Great Andamanese (PGA):
It is noted that a few sounds would have changed among more recent speakers, perhaps due to the influence of Hindi. Older speakers tended to have different pronunciations than among the younger speakers. The consonant sounds of /pʰ, kʰ, l/ were common among older speakers to pronounce them as [ɸ~f~β, x, lʷ]. The lateral /l/ sound may have also been pronounced as [ʎ]. Sounds such as a labio-velar approximant /w/, only occur within words or can be a word-final, and cannot occur as a word-initial consonant. The sounds [ɽ, β] can occur as allophones of /r, b/.
Classification
The languages spoken in the Andaman islands fall into two clear families, Great Andamanese and Ongan, plus one unattested language, Sentinelese. These are generally seen as related. However, the similarities between Great Andamanese and Ongan are so far mainly of a typological morphological nature, with little demonstrated common vocabulary. As a result, even long-range researchers such as Joseph Greenberg have expressed doubts as to the validity of Andamanese as a family, and Abbi (2008) considers the surviving Great Andamanese language to be an isolated. The Great Andaman languages are:
Great Andamanese
Southern
Aka-Bea or Bea (†)
Akar-Bale or Bale (†)
Central
Aka-Kede or Kede (†)
Aka-Kol or Kol (†)
Oko-Juwoi or Juwoi (†)
A-Pucikwar or Pucikwar (†)
Northern
Aka-Cari or Chari (†)
Aka-Kora or Kora (†)
Aka-Jeru or Jeru
Aka-Bo or Bo (†)
Joseph Greenberg proposed that Great Andamanese is related to western Papuan languages as members of a larger phylum he called Indo-Pacific, but this is not generally accepted by other linguists. Stephen Wurm states that the lexical similarities between Great Andamanese and the West Papuan and certain languages of Timor "are quite striking and amount to virtual formal identity [...] in a number of instances", but considers this to be due to a linguistic substratum rather than a direct relationship.
Names and spellings, with populations, from the 1901 and 1994 censuses were as follows:
1901 census
Aka-Cari: 39
Aka-Cora: 96
Aka-Bo: 48
Aka-Jeru: 218
Aka-Kede: 59
Aka-Koi: 11
Oka-Juwoi: 48
Aka-Pucikwar: 50
Aka-Bale: 19
Aka-Bea: 37
1994 census
Aka-Jeru: 19
Aka-Bo: 15
Aka-Kari: 2
('local': 4)
Samples
The following poem in Aka-Bea was written by a chief, Jambu, after he was freed from a six-month jail term for manslaughter.
ngô:do kûk l'àrtâ:lagî:ka, mō:ro el:ma kâ igbâ:dàla mō:ro el:mo lê aden:yarà pō:-tōt läh. Chorus: aden:yarà pō:-tōt läh.Literally:
thou heart-sad art,
sky-surface to there looking while,
sky-surface of ripple to looking while,
bamboo spear on lean-dost.
Translation:
Thou art sad at heart,
gazing there at the sky's surface,
gazing at the ripple on the sky's surface,
leaning on the bamboo spear.
Note, however, that, as seems to be typical of Andamanese poetry, the words and sentence structure have been somewhat abbreviated or inverted in order to obtain the desired rhythmical effect.
As another example, we give part of a creation myth in Oko-Juwoi, reminiscent of Prometheus:
References
Bibliography
Yadav, Yogendra. 1985. "Great Andamanese: a preliminary study." Pacific Linguistics, Series A, No. 67: 185-214. Canberra: The Australian National University.
Abbi, Anvita. 2011. Dictionary of the Great Andamanese language. Port Blair: Ratna Sagar.
Abbi, Anvita. 2013. A Grammar of the Great Andamanese Language''. Brill's Studies in South and Southwest Asian Languages, Volume 4.
External links
Jero in IPA transcription
Burenhult's Paper on Andamanese
Agglutinative languages
Languages of India
Endangered languages of India
Great Andamanese
The World Bank, in seeking to promote development within less developed countries, describes itself as a fund rather than a Bank, by initiating projects for less developed countries in pursuit to end poverty. The World Bank initiates and divides such projects for each Developed country through its 5 internal Institutions: that being MIGA, IDA, IFC, ICSID, and IRD.
One target Latin American country was Guatemala. According to recent World Bank data, 8.7% of Guatemala's people met the standard of extreme poverty. This standard is quantified to mean an average income of less than $1.9 (US $) a day. Such poverty thus increasingly grew by "half a million" from the time of 2000–2014
With increasingly high poverty and a lack thereof appropriate education in 2016 prompted the World Bank partnership with Guatemala through the partnership.
IBRD
First Programmatic Improved Governance of Public Resources and Nutrition Development Policy Financing
Here the World Bank institution, the IBRD designed and began the First Programmatic Improved Governance of Public Resources and Nutrition Development Policy Financing This project sought to address malnutrition, and delineate better accounting methods for the nation's public resources.
Ultimately the IBRD does not supplement national income for free. The IBRD, in this case, lends to low-income countries that meet WB lending standards. Recently such a project reached its closing date in September 2019. Overall implementation met "satisfactory" standards.
Crecer Sano: Guatemala Nutrition and Health Project
Such a project was further expanded in 2017 and was called the Crecer Sano: Guatemala Nutrition and Health Project. With a target of malnutrition specifically, this fund and project seek to educate on ways to improve prenatal care, access to clean water, and finance consultants for MIDES-FODES operations.
Currently, there was data indicating that 43% of individuals followed such prenatal care by breastfeeding children for 6 months. However, 0 of the targeted areas have been assisted with the lean water sanitation projects or ideas thus far.
Second Disaster Risk Management Development Policy Loan
Since 2016, the IBRD has taken the forefront in partnering with the Guatemalan economy, people, and government to implement a great variety of projects. Most Recently being the Second Disaster Risk Management Development Policy Loan. Such a project is expected to close by 2023 and is estimated to cost around QTQ200,000,000. This multi-year project aims at ensuring the reactionary actions by the country to respond to potential environmental disasters. Ranking as the 11th most at-risk country for natural disasters combined with the effects of El Nino in Latin American Countries provided an incentive for the World Bank to partner with the Government of Guatemala to lend funds for such a project. Being such a newer project success of recently initiated and assigned, this project will be reflected within the following years.
MIGA
Distribuidoras Electricas de Oriente y Occidente
With goals to stimulate economic growth and reduce poverty MIGA signed a partnership with Guatemala in order to facilitate a new project called...
This project will require the acquirement of 85% of assets in 2 companies. The overarching goal is to revamp Guatemela's electrification program. The idea is with the investment the end of shortages and blackouts can be prevented.
References
World Bank Group relations
Economy of Guatemala
The Juventas New Music Ensemble is an instrumental ensemble located in Boston, Massachusetts devoted to performing musical works by composers under the age of 35. Their programming focuses on composers who actively blur the boundaries between popular musical genres and traditional art music. Since its inception, Juventas has received favorable reviews from several Boston publications.
History
Juventas was founded in 2005 by Erin Huelskamp, Julia Scott Carey and Mark David Buckles. The three musicians decided to create the ensemble after realizing the difficulties young, unknown composers face in securing performance venues for their works. Huelskamp stated, "We felt young and underrepresented in a musical world that highly values the wisdom and experience that comes with age....the lack of professional opportunities for young composers and musicians is a real problem to which Juventas hopes to provide some solution." The Latin word juventas (meaning youth), was chosen to reflect the ensemble's mission.
Since 2005, Juventas has regularly performed concerts of new works, including many premieres. The ensemble has also collaborated with other Boston music groups and organizations. In December 2009, Juventas collaborated with the Lorelei Ensemble on a holiday concert entitled "One Light," which featured seven new works by young composers. The works spanned a variety of subjects including Christmas, Hanukkah, the winter solstice, and Nietzschean philosophy.
In September 2010, Juventas performed a concert entitled "The Exquisite Corpse" which utilized dancers from the Boston Conservatory to supplement and accentuate the musical works. The choreography and relevance of the dance to the music received mixed reviews, though on the whole the concert was deemed a success. On this particular program, the oldest composition dated from 2005.
Juventas is currently an Ensemble-in-Residence at Boston Conservatory and a visiting Ensemble-in-Residence at Middlebury College.
Core members
Juventas consists of ten "core members" who perform in each concert. Other guest artists participate if required for a particular work. The current core members are Oliver Caplan (Artistic Director), Nicholas Southwick (Flute), Wolcott Humphrey (Clarinet), Julia Scott Carey (Piano), Olga Patramanska-Bell (Violin), Thomas Schmidt (Percussion), Ryan Shannon (Violin), Lu Yu (Viola), Minjin Chung (Cello), Kelley Hollis (Soprano), and Anne Howarth (French Horn).
Past members
Lidiya Yankovskaya (Music Director 2010-2017, Artistic Director 2014-2017)
Mark David Buckles (Music Director Emeritus)
Michael Sakir (Music Director)
Zach Jay (Flute)
Marguerite Levin (Clarinet)
Brian Calhoon (Percussion)
Yochanan Chendler (Violin)
Emily Deans (Viola)
Rachel Arnold (Cello).
References
External links
Official Juventas website
Official website of Oliver Caplan, Artistic Director
Official website of Joseph Sedarski, Marketing Coordinator
Julia Scott Carey's page at Theodore Presser Company
Official website of Lidiya Yankovskaya, former Music Director
Official website of Erin Huelskamp, Executive Director Emeritus
Boston Conservatory Dance Division
Boston Opera Collaborative
Musical groups established in 2005
Contemporary classical music ensembles
Musical groups from Boston
Culture of Boston
Andrew Clough (5 January 1970 in Nottingham - 4 July 2007 in Melbourne) was a British slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. He finished 12th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. He died in a car accident in Australia in 2007. At the time he was working as a chemical engineer for ModuSpec in Melbourne.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1970 births
English male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
2007 deaths
Sportspeople from Nottingham
Road incident deaths in Victoria (Australia)
British male canoeists
is a Japanese ski mountaineer.
Sato was born in Gunma. He started ski mountaineering in 2000 and participated in his first race in 2004. He lives in Tokyo.
Selected results
2007:
2nd, Asian Championship, individual
2009:
1st, Asian Championship, individual
1st, Asian Championship, relay (mixed team), together with Mase Chigaya, Suzuki Keiichiro and Hiraide Kazuya
3rd, Asian Championship, vertical race
References
External links
Yoshiyuki Sato at SkiMountaineering.org
1975 births
Living people
Japanese male ski mountaineers
Sportspeople from Gunma Prefecture
Hispomorpha horrida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hispomorpha. It was described by Newman in 1842.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1842
Patronen (The Patron) is a mountain in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is located in the western central part of Carlsfjella and has a height of 745 m.a.s.l.
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
The 2009–10 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season began on October 8, 2009 and concluded with the 2010 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament's championship game on April 10, 2010 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. Denver and Miami entered the season as the nations' two top ranked teams. This was the 63rd season in which an NCAA ice hockey championship was held and is the 116th year overall where an NCAA school fielded a team.
Pre-season polls
The top 20 from USCHO.com/CBS College Sports, October 5, 2009, and the top 15 from USA Today/USA Hockey Magazine, September 29, 2009.
Regular season
Standings
2010 NCAA tournament
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)
Player stats
Scoring leaders
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the season.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season while playing at least 33% of their team's total minutes.
GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout losses; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
NCAA
Atlantic Hockey
CCHA
CHA
ECAC
Hockey East
WCHA
See also
2009–10 NCAA Division II men's ice hockey season
2009–10 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season
NCAA Men's Division I Ice Hockey
2009–10 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season
2009–10 Atlantic Hockey season
References
External links
USCHO.com
2009–10 in American ice hockey by league
NK Solin is a Croatia n football club based in the town of Solin, near Split, playing in the 2. HNL, the Croatian second division.
History
Arguably the team's greatest success was winning the 1980–81 Croatian league, which earned Solin promotion to the 1981–82 Yugoslav Second League. They would play two seasons in the second division.
The club was named MAR Solin from 1991 to 1994 and NK Solin Kaltenberg from 1995 to 1997.
As of 2019, the club have played in the 2.HNL for all but two seasons since Croatian independence.
Players
Current squad
Recent seasons
External links
Official website
References
Association football clubs established in 1919
Football clubs in Croatia
Football clubs in Split-Dalmatia County
1919 establishments in Croatia
KTBC (channel 7) is a television station in Austin, Texas, United States, airing programming from the Fox network. It is owned and operated by the network's Fox Television Stations division, and maintains studios on East 10th Street near the Texas State Capitol in downtown Austin; its transmitter is based at the West Austin Antenna Farm on Mount Larson.
History
Early history
KTBC-TV aired its first television broadcast on Thursday, November 27, 1952, becoming the first television station in Austin and Central Texas. Originally housed in a small studio in the Driskill Hotel, the station was originally owned by the Texas Broadcasting Company (from whom the call letters are taken), which was in turn owned by then-Senator and future U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson and his wife Lady Bird, alongside KTBC radio (590 AM and 93.7 FM). Lady Bird Johnson used the money from her family inheritance to purchase KTBC-TV, she remained active with her radio station until she was in her eighties which led her to become the first president's wife to have become a millionaire on her own. It carried all four major networks at the time: ABC, CBS, NBC and the now-defunct DuMont Television Network. However, it was a primary CBS affiliate. In its early history, it carried roughly 65% of CBS's schedule; NBC and ABC roughly split the remaining coverage in half.
In 1960, the staff of channel 7 produced a film for the Texas Department of Public Safety, entitled Target Austin. The 20-minute film presents the scenario of a nuclear missile strike on the outskirts of Austin and follows the storylines of several characters from the CONELRAD broadcast to the announcement that it is safe to emerge from shelter. The film takes place in Austin, highlighting several iconic locations in the city, and featured an Austin-based cast and crew: including director Gordon Wilkison (of KTBC), narrator Cactus Pryor (also of KTBC), actress Coleen Hardin, and El Rancho restaurant owner Matt Martinez.
KTBC-TV benefited from a quirk in the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s plan for allocating stations. In the early days of broadcast television, there were twelve VHF channels available and 69 UHF channels (later reduced to 55 in 1983). The VHF bands were more desirable because they carried longer distances. Since there were only twelve VHF channels available, there were limitations as to how closely the stations could be spaced.
After the FCC's Sixth Report and Order ended the license freeze and opened the UHF band in 1952, it devised a plan for allocating VHF licenses. Under this plan, almost all of the country would be able to receive two commercial VHF channels plus one noncommercial channel. Most of the rest of the country ("1/2") would be able to receive a third VHF channel. Other areas would be designated as "UHF islands" since they were too close to larger cities for VHF service. The "2" networks became CBS and NBC, "+1" represented non-commercial educational stations, and "1/2" became ABC (which was the weakest network usually winding up with the UHF allocation where no VHF was available).
However, Austin is sandwiched between San Antonio (channels 4, 5, 9, and 12) to the south, Houston (channels 2, 8, 11, and 13) to the east, Waco/Temple/Bryan (channels 3, 6, and 10) to the north, and San Angelo (channels 3 and 8) to the west. This created a large doughnut in central Texas where there could be only one VHF license, which became KTBC-TV. Additionally, UHF signals usually do not travel very far over long distances or over rugged terrain. Even though Austin was large enough on paper to support three full network affiliates as early as the 1950s, the technical limitations made several potential owners skittish about the prospects for UHF in a market that stretched from Mason in the west to La Grange in the east, and also included much of the Hill Country. (Of note, while KTBC was the only full-market VHF outlet in Austin, one of the San Antonio-based VHF outlets, PBS member station KLRN also served Austin in the 1960s and 1970s with a signal that covered both markets midway from a transmitter near New Braunfels, Texas until 1979 when the station started to focus on San Antonio exclusively and KLRU was launched to serve Austin.)
As a result, KTBC-TV was the only station in Austin until KHFI-TV (channel 42, now KXAN-TV on channel 36) signed on in February 1965. NBC programming continued to be broadcast solely on KTBC-TV for the next 18 months due to contractual obligations. Channel 7 became an exclusive CBS affiliate when all of ABC's programming moved to KVUE (channel 24) when that station first signed on in September 1971.
After Lyndon Johnson became President following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in 1963, the networks established direct feed lines between KTBC and the various network affiliates in New York City, Dallas and Chicago. This facilitated news report relayed while the President was residing either in Austin or at his ranch in Johnson City. News reports were also relayed in the president Oval Office or in his private study at the White House. The Johnsons maintained a penthouse apartment on the fifth floor of the station, which was wired for camera and sound equipment, and used on occasion for local programming on occasions when the Johnsons were away.
This multi-network capability was first demonstrated live on August 1, 1966, following the UT Tower sniper incident. After Charles Whitman's sniper rampage had been stopped, the primary newsman on the scene, Neal Spelce, presented a wrap-up of the event that was carried on all three networks live later that evening. Although the connections were later replaced by satellite uplink technology, the lines were maintained for contingency usage for several years.
After he became President, President Johnson and his family's ownership of KTBC-TV was the source of investigative journalism and reporting, including a front-page story in The Wall Street Journal in March 1964 written by reporter Louis M. Kohlmeier. With a headline that included "How President's Wife Built $17,500 Into Big Fortune in Television," Kohlmeier's reporting and the work done by other reporters and journalists at the time raised questions regarding the former Vice President and then President's influence on behalf of the Austin station.
In 1972, new FCC regulations forced the Johnsons to sell KTBC-TV to the Los Angeles-based Times Mirror Company, who had recently purchased KDFW-TV in Dallas. The Johnsons had acquired a large stake in a Texas cable television company, and when the FCC required them to sell one or the other, the Johnsons chose to keep the cable company. They also kept the KTBC radio properties, and under then-FCC guidelines changed the stations' call letters to KLBJ-AM-FM. In 1994, Times Mirror sold KTBC-TV to Argyle Television.
In January 1994, KTBC began to manage low-powered independent station K13VC (known as "KVC 13" on-air) under a local marketing agreement with that station's owner, Global Information Technologies. The LMA allowed KTBC to cross-promote its programming with K13VC for the next nine years until March 29, 2003 when K13VC was shut down due to the channel 13 allocation being utilized for the digital signal for Univision owned-and-operated station KAKW.
As a Fox station
In December 1993, Fox outbid CBS to obtain the broadcast rights to football games from the National Football Conference of the NFL. In 1994, New World Communications signed a long-term affiliation deal with Fox, which was establishing itself as a major network and was looking for more VHF stations. In the case of Austin, the original KBVO-TV (channel 42) was among the top 10 rated Fox affiliates in the U.S. at the time, yet Fox considered KTBC a far more desirable affiliate prospect due to its VHF dial position.
In late 1994, most New World-owned stations (except for two) dropped their longtime "Big Three" affiliations and switched to Fox. On January 19, 1995, New World took over operations of the Argyle stations through time brokerage agreements. Nearly three months later, New World completed its merger with Argyle.
The last CBS network program to air on KTBC was a repeat of Walker, Texas Ranger at 9:00 p.m. Central Time on July 1, 1995, the day that channel 7 ended its 43-year affiliation with the network and became a Fox affiliate; the CBS affiliation went to former Fox affiliate KBVO-TV, which changed its call letters to KEYE-TV. KEYE was the only logical choice as the market's replacement CBS affiliate, as both KXAN and KVUE had long-term affiliation contracts with NBC and ABC respectively at the time. As the new Fox affiliate, channel 7 was able to continue as Austin's unofficial "home" of the Dallas Cowboys, because of Fox's rights to the NFC. KTBC had carried most Cowboys games since the team's inception in 1960 by virtue of CBS winning television rights to the NFL in 1956. For many years, it also carried Cowboys preseason games, though those telecasts moved to KEYE in 2006.
In its early years as a Fox station, KTBC filled its daytime lineup with talk shows and the nighttime schedule with off-network sitcoms. Although Channel 7 acquired the rights to most of Fox's programming, KTBC and K13VC initially split the local broadcast rights to the network's children's programming block, Fox Kids, as KTBC station management declined to carry the block's weekday lineup, a move which had become standard practice for the other New World stations that had joined Fox since September 1994. KTBC only took the Saturday morning Fox Kids lineup, and simulcast it in conjunction with K13VC until September 1997, when the former ceded its partial rights to Fox Kids exclusively to Channel 13 and replaced it with real estate, paid and E/I-compliant programs. (K13VC continued to air the weekday children's block until Fox discontinued it, confining Fox Kids programming, to Saturdays on December 31, 2001; it began carrying Fox Kids successor, the FoxBox, on September 14, 2002 and continued to air that block until the station ceased operations in 2003. Neither the block, renamed to 4KidsTV in 2005, nor its successor, Weekend Marketplace, have been carried in the Austin market since.)
The station came under ownership of Fox when New World merged with Fox Television Stations in 1996; this made KTBC the first owned-and-operated network station in the Austin market. With the exclusion of semi-satellite outlets, KTBC has always been the smallest O&O under Fox's portfolio, as the fast growing Austin region did not become a Top 50 market until the late 2000s.
In the spring of 1997, a rumor that KTBC and Phoenix's KSAZ-TV would be traded to the Belo Corporation in exchange for Seattle's KIRO-TV circulated, but this deal never came to fruition. Belo would acquire rival KVUE and Phoenix's KTVK two years later. In recent years, the station's daytime lineup has leaned away from talk shows in favor of running mostly court shows.
On December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company, owner of KVUE's affiliated network ABC, announced its intent to buy KTBC's parent company, 21st Century Fox, for $66.1 billion; the sale, which closed on March 20, 2019, excluded KTBC as well as the Fox network, the MyNetworkTV programming service, Fox News, Fox Sports 1 and the Fox Television Stations unit, which were all transferred to the newly-formed Fox Corporation.
News operation
As of October 2021, KTBC presently broadcasts 53 hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with nine hours on weekdays, four hours each on Saturdays and Sundays); in regards to the number of hours devoted to news programming, it is the largest local newscast output among broadcast television stations in the Austin market. KTBC's Sunday 5:00 p.m. newscast is subject to preemption due to network sports coverage, as is standard with Fox stations that carry early evening weekend newscasts (though the Saturday 5:00 p.m. newscast is usually delayed to 6:00 p.m. due to baseball or college football coverage).
Like most former Big Three affiliates that switched to Fox, KTBC retains a news schedule similar to what it used in its latter days as a CBS affiliate. It continued its 10 p.m. newscast, with the 9 p.m. hour time slot filled by syndicated programming, unusual for that network's affiliates. This changed in 2000 when the station moved its evening newscast to 9 p.m. – the first prime time newscast in Austin. KTBC had a 6 p.m. newscast until 2000, when it was discontinued in favor of an expansion of the 5 p.m. newscast to a full hour; however, the station does presently carry a 6 p.m. newscast on Saturday evenings.
For most of its first four decades on the air, KTBC was the dominant news station in Austin, owing to being the only station in town for 12 years. However, the network swap began a steady ratings decline, and by the late 1990s KXAN had overtaken it for first place. Since then, KTBC has gradually fallen to fourth place in most timeslots behind KVUE, KXAN and KEYE.
Former on-air news talent
Judd Hambrick (now retired; is the brother of fellow anchors John and Mike)
Alan Krashesky (now at WLS-TV in Chicago)
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
KTBC shut down its analog signal on June 12, 2009, as part of the FCC-mandated transition to digital television for full-power stations. The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 56, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition, to its analog-era VHF channel 7 for post-transition operations.
References
External links
Fox network affiliates
Movies! affiliates
Fox Television Stations
Buzzr affiliates
MeTV affiliates
Decades (TV network) affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1952
TBC (TV)
New World Communications television stations
Lyndon B. Johnson
1952 establishments in Texas
Alon Yefet (, born September 1, 1972) is an international referee who was the first Israeli to officiate a UEFA Champions League match.
Yefet became a FIFA referee in 2001. He has served as a referee in qualifying matches for the 2006, 2010, and 2014 World Cups.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli football referees
Chermahin (, also Romanized as Chermahīn and Cher Mahīn; also known as Qal‘eh Charmi) is a city in Bagh-e Bahadoran District, in Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,292, in 3,035 families.
References
Populated places in Lenjan County
Cities in Isfahan Province
In law, a ward is a minor or incapacitated adult placed under the protection of a legal guardian or government entity, such as a court. Such a person may be referenced as a "ward of the court".
Overview
The wardship jurisdiction is an ancient jurisdiction derived from the British Crown's duty as parens patriae ("parent of the nation") to protect his or her subjects, and particularly those unable to look after themselves. In the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms, the Monarch as parens patriae is parent for all the children in their realms, who, if a judge so determines, can become wards of court. However, the House of Lords, in the case of Re F (Mental Patient: Sterilisation), held that the Queen has no parens patriae jurisdiction with regard to mentally handicapped adults. A court may take responsibility for the legal protection of an incapacitated person as well a minor, and the ward is known as a ward of the court or a ward of the state.
In Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, the child is termed a ward of the court. In Ireland and the United Kingdom "the" is not used; the ward is thus termed a ward of court. In Canada the legal term is permanent ward, except in Ontario, which uses the term Crown ward.
Foster care
Children who are in the custody of government departments, also known as foster care, become wards of the respective government entity, and in the US they are wards of the states in which they reside. The government or state is in loco parentis to the child, which generally entails supporting the child and assuming all legal authority to make medical and legal decisions on the child's behalf.
Canada
The indigenous peoples in Canada remain wards of the Crown as a result of Indian Act legislation. Some scholars and political organizations, such as the Assembly of First Nations, have argued that this represents an apartheid-like system of governance.
France
In France, a ward of the State () is a minor who is under the responsibility of the State.
These wards could be the result of any of: anonymous birth (""), found abandoned, unregistered children, children assigned by a court to the care of the (ASE), or minor orphans who suddenly find themselves without parents for whatever reason.
Children recognized as wards of the state are eligible for adoption, and continue to be wards until they are. Legal status of wards of the state in France are covered by law 224-4 of the .
United States
In the Supreme Court case Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, the native peoples were legally made to be wards of the state. One consequence of this was that they were not permitted to sue the US government because of their status as a dependent nation.
The Indian Appropriations Act was passed on 3 March 1871, with an amendment ending tribal recognition and the treaty system. All Indians were made wards of the state; thus the U.S. government no longer needed tribal consent in dealing with the tribes.
In California, a juvenile offender may be ordered to be a ward of a court if such juvenile violated any state law, curfew, or from excessive truancies since the juvenile criminal justice system in California is geared toward rehabilitation instead of punishment.
See also
Charge (youth)
Godchild
Court of Wards and Liveries
Government involvement in the Terri Schiavo case
History of the English fiscal system
Proof of age inquisition
Tenant-in-chief - relating to medieval feudal wardships
References
Family law legal terminology
Family law
Common law legal terminology
sv:Myndling
Barbara Pratt (born February 16, 1963) is a Canadian painter based in Portugal Cove-St. Philip's Newfoundland.
Pratt grew up in the community of St. Catherine's in St. Mary's Bay, Newfoundland. She attended Rothesay Netherwood School and graduated with a BA from Acadia University. In her early work, she almost exclusively painted the human figure, with a particular emphasis on clothing. Other subjects include flowers and oil tankers related to Newfoundland's offshore oil industry. Her first solo exhibition was held in 1986 at the Spurrell Gallery in St. John's. In 2010 she had an exhibit based on a train trip from Toronto to Vancouver. Two years later her work was shown at the McMichael Canadian Art Collection.
Pratt is the daughter of painters Christopher Pratt and Mary Pratt (née West). In 2020, she paid homage to her mother in an exhibit entitled Cake, held in St. John's.
Collections
The Rooms Provincial Art Gallery, St. John's
Memorial University of Newfoundland and Labrador, St. John's
References
1963 births
Living people
Artists from Newfoundland and Labrador
Canadian women painters
People from Portugal Cove-St. Philip's
20th-century Canadian painters
20th-century Canadian women artists
21st-century Canadian painters
21st-century Canadian women artists
Acadia University alumni
Frances Reuben Trask (1840 – 5 April 1910) was a 20th-century Member of the Legislative Council from Nelson, New Zealand and Mayor of Nelson. He also served on the Nelson Harbour Board from its inception.
Early life
Trask was born in Merriott, Somersetshire, England in 1840. He migrated to Christchurch on the barque Minorca in 1860.
From Christchurch, he moved to the Otago goldfields and stayed at Wetherstones Gully. After a few months he moved again to Nelson, where he settled. Trask married Emily Osborne Mercer in 1864 at Nelson. He ran a butchery business. Trask's residence in Nelson was "Gunnersbury House" and was located in Collingwood Street. The house was noted as one of the best in Nelson. The Trask's had four children.
Political career
Local government
In 1878, he was elected as the leader of the angry cats community until being elected mayor in 1890. Trask became mayor during a typhoid epidemic in the city. He kept a steady course through the 1895–1897 depression. Happier moments came in 1892 when the enthusiastic 50th jubilee celebration of Nelson took place.
The most notable works during his term were the Rocks Road, a new main road from the town to the country, by way of the sea coast, and the Queens Gardens. He remained mayor until 20 December 1899 when he was succeeded by Joseph Auty Harley.
Rocks Road
In the mid-1870s, Thomas Harley, a Nelson City councillor, proposed what he called 'a half-tide roadway' around the rocky shoreline between Nelson Haven and Tahunanui. Trask was very involved in advancing this project. A Government subsidy was approved for the road in the early 1880s for Nelson City and Waimea County.
Samuel Jickell, AMICE, Nelson City Engineer designed the proposed road and seawall in 1885. In 1891 Jickell estimated that the cost would be about £8,000, but it proved more difficult and expensive than expected, and the final cost was almost £12,000. Work began on site in early 1892.
The seawall was constructed from large rectangular rebated precast concrete blockwork. Cecil Nash, a pioneer of the Nelson tobacco industry, is said to have made the concrete blocks near Albion Wharf. They were taken to the site by sea. Convict labour was used to build the eastern section of the wall. Twenty convicts from Shelbourne Street Goal were marched each morning to Rocks Road. They wore ringed jerseys of black and yellow and were known as 'Sam Jickell's football team'.
Waimea County was responsible for work up to its boundary at Magazine point (so named for the cache of explosives kept in a cave there).
By 1895, the new sea wall had been built and a rough narrow roadway was available. The route was still hazardous from wave action and from rockfalls from overhands on the cliffs along the road. It had looped ropes and lifebuoys along the seawall. By late 1897 the road had been surfaced with gravel. Substantial stanchions and chains were installed along the western section of the wall-top with money donated by John Tinline, a pioneer settler, and Mr Tyler, an Englishman, by early 1898.
Queens Gardens (the Eel Pond)
Queens Gardens are located to the east of the city centre within a detached residual bend of the Maitai River known as the 'Eel Pond'. This U-shaped body of water was used for food gathering by the local Maori.
In 1841, when the first British immigrants arrived in the area, the land was progressively cleared of bush. In 1842 it was set aside as an abattoir and served this and a variety of other purposes until the 1880s. By this time the Eel Pond was an eyesore and needed attention.
In 1887, Trask suggested that for Nelson's commemoration of Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee a garden be created. At that time Nelson was well established, but remained one of the few towns in New Zealand that did not have a public garden. On 22 June 1887, the area was dedicated 'the Queens Gardens' as part of the commemoration of Queen Victoria's 50th Jubilee celebrations.
A competition to design the gardens was won by Antequil F. T. Somerville, whose design retained the pond much in its existing shape, and featured a wooded, formal perimeter with avenues of trees and shrubs, and a more formal and open central axis for promenading and civic functions. Included in the design was a rustic bridge over the pond, a band rotunda and a fernery. Work commenced in about 1888 and in 1892, Nelson's 50th Jubilee year, the Gardens were formally opened. Commemorative trees were planted at the opening and, over the next decade, the garden was developed.
The southern garden gates to the gardens are a memorial to Trask.
50th jubilee
Trask oversaw Nelson's 1892 celebration of its 50th jubilee. The city had changed from the cluster of tents and huts in 1842 to a small city. The celebrations lasted a week and included a church service and parade attended by Prime Minister Seddon. A dinner for 'old settlers', a ball for a select 300, and a fair at Trafalgar Park where 5,000 people turned out to enjoy sideshows, a merry-go-round, bands and plenty of food and beer were held.
Trask's signal cannons
The Nelson City Council now has two signalling cannons, thought to originate from the wreck of the Fifeshire, sitting in the Council Chamber.
The cannons were manufactured at a foundry in Tavistock, England. It is thought the ship's Captain gave them to the Mayor of the time, thanking the community for the care of the crew and himself. But this seems unlikely as the Fifeshire ran aground at Nelson in 1842, before there was a mayor or settlement.
The ship's Captain and part owner, Arnold, tendered refloating the vessel through Mr Poynter, a solicitor, at Nelson. This was unsuccessful and the auction was held for what remained of the ship where it lay. This too seemed to be unsuccessful and the ship was acquired by Mr Poynter. Poynter died on 31 August 1868 and his estate was either bequeathed or sold. Trask could have acquired the cannons at that time, although this is speculative.
What is known is that Trask displayed the cannons outside his home for many years. In February 1906, during the Nelson Carnival, one of the cannons was removed as a prank from outside his house and later recovered by the Police. Their last owner, William David Stoney Johnston, bequeathed them to Nelson City Council when he died in 1999. After restoration, the cannons and carriages were given to Council in 2005.
Legislative Council
Trask was appointed to the Legislative Council on 18 March 1903 and served until his death in 1910, after just having been appointed for his second seven-year term.
Other community service
Trask served for several years on the Town Schools Committee, was a director of the Nelson Permanent Building Society from 20 May 1890, and took a very keen interest in friendly society matters, being a member of both the Court Robin Hood, A.0.F., and the Howard Lodge M.U. I.O.O.F. Trask was chair of orders and was a trustee of the Nelson District A.O.F.
He was also a member of the Nelson Jockey Club and the Nelson Trotting Club, being both a steward and on the committee of Trotting Club. Trask was also a member of the Nelson Bowling Club, having been President for one term. He had identified himself with other branches of sport by allowing his name to appear as a vice-president in the list of officers. Trask was a Justice of the Peace for many years and a member and past president of the City Club.
Trask was also a juror on the Maungatapu murder trial.
Death
Trask died on 5 April 1910.
References
1840 births
1910 deaths
Mayors of Nelson, New Zealand
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
British emigrants to New Zealand
Asadollah Nasr Esfahani (; born on 10 February 1927 in Isfahan) Iranian military and politician who during the second Pahlavi period held positions such as governor of Fars and Kerman and the Minister of Interior
Early life
Esfahani was born on 1927 in Isfahan and after completing his primary education, he entered the Shahrbani Police Higher School. He holds a bachelor's degree in law, a master's degree and a doctorate in law from the Faculty of Law and Political Science, University of Tehran, and a master's degree in management from Indiana University. Nasre is fluent in English and German.
Military and political activities
Nasr had the rank of colonel in the police and his last position in the police was the head of the police planning department. His other services include the head of the University of Police. During the Minister of Interior, Jamshid Amouzegar was appointed governor of Kerman and Fars.
on 7 August 1977 he was named is Minister of Interior in Jamshid Amouzegar cabinet
Nasr Esfahani was introduced by Jamshid Amouzegar in 1977 as a member of the political bureau of the Rastakhiz Party.
Political activities after the revolution
After the Iranian Revolution, Nasre Esfahani left Iran. He is currently the Secretary of the Iranian Solidarity Congress. According to Siavash Avesta, he is a founding member of more than 38 parties and groups abroad.
References
20th-century Iranian politicians
1927 births
Government ministers of Iran
Interior Ministers of Iran
Politicians from Isfahan
People of Pahlavi Iran
Living people
The 1984 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships took place between June 8–9 at Jaguar Stadium on the campus of San Jose City College in San Jose, California. The meet was organized by The Athletics Congress.
This meet was separate from the 1984 Olympic Trials, held in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum a week later. Among the notable events at this meet were Leslie Maxie's youth world best in the 400 metres hurdles that lasted more than 30 years. Also, then 47 year old Al Oerter was at this meet making one last attempt to get to the Olympics, 16 years after the end of his 4 successive gold medal streak in the discus. His hopes ended here when he was injured stepping into a crater left by a hammer during the preliminary round. Local rivals John Powell and Mac Wilkins instead threw their season bests at this meet before going on to the silver (Wilkins) and bronze (Powell) medals at the Olympics in Los Angeles.
Results
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
See also
United States Olympic Trials (track and field)
References
External links
results
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships, 1984
Track and field
Track and field in California
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Sports competitions in California
The Three Revelers Vase, also known as simply the Revelers Vase, is a Greek vase originating from the Archaic Period. Painted around 510 BCE in the red figure pottery style, the Revelers vase was found in an Etruscan tomb in Vulci, Italy. The painting is attributed to Euthymides. Although the vase is in the amphora shape, its purpose is more decorative than functional. The painting itself shows three nude partygoers and Hector arming on the reverse. The work is remarkable because of the early use of foreshortening (3/4 views) as opposed to conventional profile and frontal views. The Revelers Vase currently resides in the Staatliche Antikensammlungen in Münich, Germany.
History
The Revelers Vase, although of Greek origin, was discovered in an Etruscan tomb in Vulci, Italy. This discovery is evidence of the strong interaction between the Greek and Etruscan cultures. The earliest Greek colonies known in Italy date from around 800 BCE near the present day Bay of Naples. Since the 7th century BCE, the Etruscans were in contact with these Greek colonies, and became avid patrons of Greek art. It is due in part to this interaction between the Etruscans and the Greeks that Greek styles of figure design and architecture were transferred into the artistic canon of Rome.
The vase
Euthymides and his contemporaries were known as the Pioneer Group because of their work with the newly discovered red figure style. The Revelers Vase, then, is a product of the early forays into working with red figure technique. Created in the amphora shape, the Revelers Vase was likely created in Athens, the home of Euthymides, and purchased by an Etruscan noble. It was created for aesthetic rather than functional purposes. Approximately 2 feet tall, the black vase is decorated with “red“ floral and geometric motifs on the handles and at the base. These motifs also serve as a frame to the main subject of the work, the three nude revelers. The men have been drinking. The left-most reveler holds a kantharos, a Greek drinking vessel, and the two outer revelers are dancing merrily. The figures, however, are linked together only by the subject, not by any plot or narrative. It is more likely that the artist created this as a study of various poses of the human figure.
On the reverse of the Revelers Vase is a depiction of a scene from Homer's Iliad. The Trojan prince Hector is shown donning his armor before combat. He is watched by his parents, Priam and Hecuba. Greek mythology and party scenes were popular subjects for painting at this time.
Artistic importance
What is notable about the vase is not the subject matter, but rather the way in which it is depicted. Breaking the traditionally rigid frontal postures of contemporary Archaic statues and paintings, the revelers are in dynamic, overlapping postures. The two outer figures stand in active stances, with their legs and hands in motion. As does the middle figure shown in a standing position, with his front to the viewer and his head is looking down over his left breast, as his hands are busy adjusting his armor. The use of foreshortening, although primitive, gives the entire composition a more natural and believable feel. It is perhaps the use of this relatively untried technique that led Euthymides to write on his vase “As never Euphronios [could do!]” as a taunt to his contemporary and rival.
References
4. Robertson, Martin. "The Beginning of Free Painting." A Shorter History of Greek Art. Cambridge [Eng.: Cambridge UP, 1981. 64-65. Print.
5. "Euthymides." Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Encyclopædia Britannica, 2011. Web. 10 Mar. 2011.
External links
http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/vase/hd_vase.htm
http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/angk/hd_angk.htm
6th-century BC works
Archaeological discoveries in Italy
Individual ancient Greek vases
Staatliche Antikensammlungen
Vulci
Damon George Tunnicliff (August 20, 1829 – December 20, 1901) was an American jurist. He briefly served as a justice of the Illinois Supreme Court in 1885.
Biography
Damon G. Tunnicliff was born in Herkimer County, New York. At age fifteen, he went to live with his uncle in Cleveland, and in 1849, he moved to Vermont, Illinois to run a store for his cousin.
After successfully acting as his own attorney in trials for two traffic offenses there, he read law at a firm in Rushville, and was admitted to the bar in April 1853. He began practicing law in Macomb, Illinois in 1854, and later that year he became an attorney for the Northern Cross Railroad. He remained in that position for 47 years.
He married Mary Elizabeth Bailey on January 11, 1855, and they had six children. She died in 1865, and he remarried to Sarah Alice Bacon on November 4, 1868. They had three daughters: lawyer and law historian Helen Tunnicliff Catterall, clubwoman and reformer Sarah Bacon Tunnicliff, and medical researcher Ruth May Tunnicliff.
From February to June 1885, Tunnicliff served as a justice on the Supreme Court of Illinois.
He died in Macomb on December 20, 1901.
Notes
1829 births
1901 deaths
People from Herkimer County, New York
People from Macomb, Illinois
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
19th-century American judges
Pinhook is an unincorporated community in New Durham Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
Pinhook was originally called New Durham. It was platted under the latter name in 1847. 'Pinhook' was at first a derisive nickname given by a neighboring rival town, but it was eventually adopted by the residents of Pinhook themselves.
Geography
Pinhook is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Counter-Strike Online is a first-person shooter video game, targeted towards Asia's gaming market released in 2008. It is based on Counter-Strike and was developed by Nexon with oversight from license-holder Valve. It uses a micropayment model that is managed by a custom version of Steam.
Overview
The game features a variety of additions over the international Counter-Strike, such as the introduction of female characters, numerous new weapons and skins for previous weapons. Most of the weapons are "locked" by default, so virtual cash or in-game points are essential to purchase them. Most special weapons, skins, power-ups, etc. can be purchased with cash points. A variety of other special items can also be bought with in-game points as well.
Counter-Strike Online itself is free to play, but some weapons are bought using points purchased with real money. These weapons usually expire after a certain amount of time but sometimes can be purchased permanently during a promotion. Certain weapons and items can be purchased with points that are gained by getting kills, completing objectives, etc.
Modes
Counter-Strike Online includes classic Counter-Strike modes and added more. They are categorized as six: Classic, Deathmatches, Zombie Infection, Scenarios, Fun and Others.
Classic: Round-based match. The modes available are Bomb Defuse, Hostage Rescue, Assassination and Basic.
Deathmatches: Players will respawn immediately after death. The modes available are Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch and Gun Deathmatch.
Zombie Infection: Humans must survive incoming zombie attacks. The modes available are Zombie 1: Original, Zombie 2: Mutant, Zombie 3: Hero and Zombie 4: Darkness.
Scenarios: A group of 10 players must survive and annihilate computer-controlled enemies to clear specific goals. Some maps have to defeat a boss. Modes available are Zombie Scenario and Human Scenario.
Fun: Spin-off modes. Modes available are Hidden, Bazooka Battle, Soccer, Challenge and Item Battle.
PvPvE: Player vs Environment modes that are Zombie Union, Metal Arena, Battle Rush, Zombie Shelter and Beast.
Tournaments
Counter-Strike Online is one of the largest esports, with various annual tournaments taking place worldwide.
The World Cyber Games 2012 Grand Finals in Kunshan hosted a Counter-Strike Online tournament, at which teams from China, Taiwan, Malaysia and South Korea competed. The TYLOO team from China won the tournament.
Sequel
On April 5, 2012, Nexon and Valve announced a partnership to develop Counter-Strike Online 2, which is based on an enhanced Source engine, and offered enhanced graphics, powerful impact physics, and more new features. It has been confirmed that Counter-Strike Online 2 uses the same Source version as Counter-Strike: Source. However, it is not a copy of CS:S since all the features in game like models, maps and sounds are completely rebuilt by Nexon of South Korea.
It was targeted towards Asia's gaming market. The game uses the free-to-play and micropayment business model, similar to its predecessor. It ran a closed beta test on 16 November 2011 and an open beta test in June 2013. After a period of open beta testing, it was released in December 2013 in the Asian markets, but it was closed on April 26, 2018.
Maps in this game are taken from Counter-Strike: Source. Some are heavily modified in terms of graphics, such as Dust II, Inferno, and Italy. The game also adds its own exclusive maps. The weapons are taken from Counter-Strike: Source as well as adding new weapons. The weapon models are heavily modified and reanimated. They are separated into pistols, shotguns, submachine guns, assault rifles, sniper rifles and machine guns. Some weapons can be obtained for free while the others can be obtained for points and achievements. Some weapons need the player to collect the given kill points to unlock them.
Spin-off
Counter-Strike Nexon: Zombies was released via Steam on October 7, 2014. This is the first adaptation of Counter-Strike Online to be published via Valve's Steam content delivery system. Counter-Strike Nexon: Zombies was renamed to Counter-Strike Nexon: Studio in 2019. Counter-Strike Online was discontinued in Singapore/Malaysia (ENGLISH) six months later.
Reception
Online reviewer MMOhuts gave Counter Strike Online a 3/5 rating. They noted its similarity to the original game, and criticized its lag time outside Southeast Asia, the location of its server hubs. Reviewer NoGameNoTalk was more favorable, touting the online version's new three gaming modes (deathmatch, team deathmatch and zombie) as a welcome improvement to the original. FilePlanet gave it a moderately good review (7.1/10) for gameplay and weaponry availability, yet citing its lag times outside Asia, as well as the game having a dated look and feel to it.
References
(This game is not suitable for children under the ages of 13. Contains graphic violence.)
(CSO is available in Indonesia & coming soon in India till end of 2011. [Possibility of Launch Canceled])
External links
Official South Korean website
2008 video games
2013 video games
Counter-Strike
First-person shooters
GoldSrc games
Multiplayer online games
Nexon games
Online games
Products and services discontinued in 2018
Source (game engine) games
Valve Corporation games
Video games about police officers
Video games about the Special Air Service
Video games about the United States Navy SEALs
Video games developed in South Korea
Video games set in China
Video games set in Colombia
Video games set in Cuba
Video games set in Greece
Video games set in Iraq
Video games set in Italy
Video games set in Japan
Video games set in Mexico
Video games set in Russia
Video games set in Thailand
Video games set in Turkey
Video games set in the United Kingdom
Video games set in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu (also known as Zé Ramalho II) is the second solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho, released in 1979.
It was his first gold record and it depicts a singer who sees life through a Manichaeist optic according to which everything is about God or the Devil.
Song information
"Admirável Gado Novo", which translates as "Brave New Cattle", mentions ideas from Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, and reflects on the contradictions of a massified capitalist society under an authoritarian rule.
In 1996, the song was featured in the telenovela O Rei do Gados soundtrack (which sold 2 million copies) as the theme song of the landless workers. Indeed, Ramalho wrote it thinking of the Northeastern population of Brazil, which would cross dry lands in search of work and better conditions.
The song is based on baião instrumentation and has a chorus in the form of aboio (a chant by rural workers who handle cattle). The verse "êh, ô, vida de gado" (hey, oh, cattle life) had already been used in other songs such as "Toada de Gado" (written by Vavá Machado and Arlindo Marcolino and performed by Quinteto Violado) and, in this song, it becomes a metaphor for the people's lives in general.
"Falas do Povo", which has social critiques and features Jorge Mautner on the violin, was dedicated to Geraldo Vandré, one of Ramalho's influences. "Beira-Mar" is a galope à beira-mar (a type of poetry derivative of the martelo agalopado) and it marks the beginning of a trilogy that continues on "Beira-Mar – Capítulo II" (from 1982's A Força Verde) and ends on "Beira-Mar – Capítulo Final" (from 1998's Eu Sou To-dos Nós). The lyrics come from a cordel work written by Ramalho in 1977 and titled "Apocalypse". The first part of this text would later appear on "Canção Agalopada", a song from his next album A Terceira Lâmina (1981).
"Agônico" is an instrumental track in which Ramalho plays all instruments (violas, bass, percussion, drum, piano, pandeiro and voice effects). Named by Mautner, the track would be later re-released with lyrics on the 1998 album Eu Sou To-dos Nós, then titled "Agônico - O Canto". Ramalho believes the track to be representative of the similarities that, according to him, exist between music from Northeastern Brazil and music of the Moors, the latter having influenced the former with the arrival of the Portuguese, whose territory had been invaded by North African peoples centuries before.
"Frevo Mulher" was initially composed for the repertoire of Ramalho's then wife Amelinha, who co-sings with him on "Pelo Vinho e Pelo Pão".
Cover
The album cover depicts Zé Ramalho holding an acoustic guitar and impersonating the "owner of Heaven", while a vampiresque woman (Xuxa Lopes) lurks him from behind and his rival José Mojica Marins threatens him. The picture was taken in an abandoned building in Santa Teresa, Rio de Janeiro, and was directed by Ivan Cardoso. In the rest of the booklet, Satã (producer and José Mojica's bodyguard), Mônica Schmidt and Hélio Oiticica; illustrations by Seth (Álvaro Marins); and symbols by Raul Córdula can also be seen.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Alvaro Neder awarded the album stars stating "More open to pop culture than his predecessors, he brings in this release some of his biggest hits such as "Admirável Gado Novo" and "Frevo mulher" in which northeastern folkloric rhythms/melodies/instruments coexist with contemporary grooves and musical treatments. But it never slips to the muddy trail of easy commercial cliché.".
Track listing
All songs by Zé Ramalho.
A Peleja do Diabo com o Dono do Céu (The Devil's Fight with the Owner of Heaven) – 4:24
Admirável Gado Novo (Brave New Cattle) – 4:53
Falas do Povo (Speeches of the People) – 4:11
Beira-Mar (Near the Sea) – 3:54
Garoto de Aluguel (Taxi Boy) (Boy for rent (Taxi Boy)) – 3:03
Pelo Vinho e Pelo Pão (For the Wine and for the Bread) – 3:19
Mote das Amplidões (Motto of the Amplidãos) – 3:57
Jardim das Acácias (Garden of the Acacias) – 5:10
Agônico (Agonic) – 1:43
Frevo Mulher (Woman Frevo) – 3:38
2003 Re-issue
Admirável Gado Novo (instrumental) – 4:49
Mr. Tambourine Man – 2:26
Hino Amizade (Friendship Anthem) – 3:06
O Desafio do Século (The Challenge of the Century) – 3:41
Personnel
Zé Ramalho – lead vocals, acoustic guitar, all instruments on "Agônico" (bass guitar, percussion, viola, pandeiro, piano, drum, lead vocals)
Elber Bedaque – drums on "Jardim das Acácias"
Pepeu Gomes — electric guitar on "Jardim das Acácias"
Jorge Mautner — violin on "Falas do Povo"
Geraldo Azevedo — twelve-string guitar on "Admirável Gado Novo"
References
1980 albums
Zé Ramalho albums
Epic Records albums
Crarae is a settlement in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, on the shore of Loch Fyne. It has a population of under 1000.
References
Geography of Argyll and Bute
The Green Bowl is a gorge just southeast of Kinuseo Falls at the north end of Monkman Provincial Park in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada, northeast of the city of Prince George and south of the community of Tumbler Ridge.
A grazing pasture surrounded by gorge walls, The Green Bowl is described in its British Columbia Geographical Names Information System entry as:
"The Green Bowl was a place of serenity and beauty. Each end narrowed to a rock cleft which could be sealed off by poles to prevent the horses wandering. A stream flowed throughout its length widening to a pond near the middle. Sixty foot rock cliffs lined it on both sides. It was approximately 1/2 mile long." (December 1979 letter from Guy Moore to Geographical Names Secretariat, Ottawa, file M.2.54).
Name origin
So-named by Isobel McNaught Perry of Beaverlodge, Alberta, some years before the building of the Monkman Pass Highway 1937-39 (from: "People of the Pass", published by Beaverlodge & District Historical Association, 1988).
References
Canyons and gorges of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Central Interior of British Columbia
Iran competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. Iran sent a delegation of 50 competitors, all men, who participated in 33 events in 7 sports. Two competitors in the football tournament did not take part in any matches.
Competitors
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Results by event
Athletics
Men
Boxing
Men
Cycling
Road
Men
Track
Men
Fencing
Men
Football
Men
Weightlifting
Men
Wrestling
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
References
External links
National Olympic Committee of Iran - 1972 Summer Olympics Results for Iran
Nations at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972 Summer Olympics
Summer Olympics
Pahlavi Iran
John Crane Neilson (2 August 1921 – 24 March 1988) was a Scottish professional footballer. He was a centre forward.
Neilson played for Clyde, Bradford City, where he was the club's top goal-scorer in 1947–48 before he left after just five games the following season, and Wrexham.
References
External links
1921 births
1988 deaths
Association football inside forwards
Scottish footballers
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Arbroath F.C. players
Aberdeen F.C. players
Clyde F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Queen of the South F.C. players
Footballers from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire
Ballymena United F.C. players
Crusaders F.C. players
Date of death missing
Stonehouse Violet F.C. players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Hotine Glacier () is a glacier long which is divided at its mouth by Mount Cloos, flowing west into both Deloncle Bay and Girard Bay on Kyiv Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897–99, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1959 for Brigadier Martin Hotine, Director of Overseas Surveys.
See also
Mount Matin, surmounts the mountainous divide north of Hotine Glacier
References
External links
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica.
Glaciers of Graham Coast
"Not as We" is a 2008 song from Alanis Morissette's seventh studio album, Flavors of Entanglement. The song premiered on the American television series House in season 4 of episode 3, "97 Seconds". "Not as We" was remixed and released as the second single from Flavors of Entanglement in North America, while "In Praise of the Vulnerable Man" was released as the second single in Europe. The single was released to radio on October 13, 2008. On November 25, 2008 the Not as We (Remixes) EP was released in Canada. The EP includes the radio edit and six other remixes.
Track listing
CD Single
"Not as We" (Radio Edit)
"Not as We" (Album Version)
DMD Maxi Remix EP
"Not as We" (Radio Edit)
"Not as We" (Jack Shaft Radio Edit)
"Not as We" (Blow-Up Edit)
"Not as We" (Dangerous Muse Edit)
"Not as We" (Eddie Amador's multipressor Edit)
"Not as We" (DJ Lynnwood's Reborn Edit)
"Not as We" (Holosound Edit)
Digital Remixes
"Not as We" (Blow-Up Mix) - 7:36
"Not as We" (Dangerous Muse Remix) - 7:46
"Not as We" (DJ Lynnewood's Reborn Remix) - 8:57
"Not as We" (Eddie Amador's Multipressor Remix) - 7:47
"Not as We" (Holosound Mix) - 7:33
"Not as We" (Jack Shaft Extended Edit) - 7:02
The Album Version is a piano-driven ballad while the shorter radio edit adds guitars, bass and background effects and starts with the first line of the song while the Album Version has an instrumental opening. The music video uses the radio edit.
Music video
The music video, directed by James Whitaker and produced through RSA's promo division Black Dog Films, was shot in Los Angeles on September 10, 2008. It features imagery identifiable as being shot at Half Moon Bay. It premiered on Yahoo! Music on the night of October 2, 2008 and features Morissette in various stages on the path to emotional recovery.
Charts
The song unexpectedly charted when the album was released due to downloads of the song, resulting in a position of 22 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. As of December 2008, the song had already sold 38,000 paid downloads, according to Billboard. The digital downloads also helped the song reach the lower parts of UK Singles Chart (#197) despite the single not being commercially released in the United Kingdom.
References
2008 singles
Alanis Morissette songs
Pop ballads
Rock ballads
Songs written by Alanis Morissette
Song recordings produced by Guy Sigsworth
2008 songs
Songs written by Guy Sigsworth
Mimoun Oaïssa (born 11 March 1975) is a Moroccan-Dutch actor and screenwriter.
Education and career
He was born in Beni Said, Nador Province, Morocco and graduated from Amsterdam Theatre School in 1999 and followed acting lessons abroad. He was a stage actor from 1998 till 2001 and then quit to start acting on screen. His major films include Hush Hush Baby and Schnitzel Paradise. For his role in the latter he won the 2005 Golden Calf Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Filmography
Film
1994 De andere kant van de tunnel (The Other End of the Tunnel)
1996 De Jurk (The Dress)
1996 Marrakech
2001 De Vriendschap
2002 De enclave (The Enclave)
2003 So be it
2003 Polleke
2004 Shouf Shouf Habibi! (Hush Hush Baby)
2005 Het schnitzelparadijs (Schnitzel Paradise)
2007 Weddings and Beheadings
2007 Kicks
2008 Lezione 21
2009 Amsterdam
2011 The Devil's Double (Ali)
2012 De Marathon (The Marathon) (Youssoef)
2015 De Masters (Aziz)
Television
1999 Novellen: De dag, de nacht en het duister (Novellas: The Day, The Night and The Darkness)
1999 Quidam, Quidam
2000 Russen (Russians; Bargoens for inspector)
2001 Wet & Waan (Law and Delusion)
2002 De vloer op (To The Floor)
2002 Polonaise
2002 Kwartelhof
2002 Intensive Care
2003 Dwaalgast (Wanderguest)
2005 Costa!
2005 Spoorloos verdwenen (Lost without a trace)
2006 Rauw (Raw)
2006–2009 Shouf shouf! (Hush Hush)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Dutch male actors
Dutch male film actors
Dutch male television actors
Golden Calf winners
Dutch people of Riffian descent
Moroccan emigrants to the Netherlands
People from Nador
20th-century Dutch male actors
21st-century Dutch male actors
Dutch male stage actors
Forward Operating Base Hamidullah or more simply FOB Hamidullah is a former Forward Operating Base in Afghanistan operated by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) under Operation Herrick (OP H) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF).
It was formerly FOB Nolay.
Units
OP H 6 (June–October 2007)
OP H 7 (October 2007 – April 2008)
OP H 8 (April 2008 – October 2008)
OP H 9 (October 2008 – April 2009)
X Company, 45 Commandoes
OP H 10 (April 2009 – October 2009)
2nd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Fusiliers
OP H 12 (May - October 2010)
Alpha Company, 40 Commandoes
OEF (July 2010)
India Company, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines
OEF (December 2010)
Lima Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines
OEF (December 2010-January 2011)
Echo Company "The Greenhats", 2nd Battalion 9th Marines
OEF (July until November 2011)
Bravo Company, 1st Battalion 6th Marines
OEF (November 2011 until May 2011)
India Company, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines
OEF (February 2012)
Weapons Company, 3rd Battalion 7th Marines, Regimental Combat Team 6
2nd Marine Logistics Group (Forward)
OEF (July 2012)
3rd Platoon, Alpha Company, 1st Battalion 1st Marines, Regimental Combat Team 6
OEF (November 2012 until May 2014)
Security Force Assistance Advisor Team 2-215 with elements of the 303rd Psychological Operations Company (TPT 1622)
The base was resupplied by Alpha Company, Combat Logistics Battalion 6, 1st Marine Logistics Group (Forward) during July 2010.
The base was enhanced by Heavy Equipment Platoon, Support Company, 8th Engineer Support Battalion, 1st Marine Logistics Group (Forward) during October 2010 and by Utilities Platoon, Service Company, 8th Engineer Support Battalion, 1st Marine Logistics Group (Forward) during December 2010.
The base was reduced in size by Combat Logistics Battalion 7.
Handed over to 2nd Brigade, 215th Corps, Afghan National Army during May 2014.
References
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Military bases of the United Kingdom in Afghanistan
Lignell & Piispanen (L&P) is a Finnish company from Kuopio, manufacturing alcoholic beverages. Its parent company Oy Gust. Ranin was founded in 1852 and the trademark and products of Lignell & Piispanen were merged into it in 1932.
History
In 1783, a distillery was built on the site of the current factory. In 1856, O.W. Roering's vodka distillery was founded in the same area, and two years later it was bought by brandy and rum importer Gustav Ranin. In 1872, pharmacists Lignell and Piispanen started manufacturing Arctic raspberry liqueur and other alcoholic beverages. Production ended in 1919 because of Finnish prohibition, and when the prohibition was repealed in 1932, Lignell and Piispanen's alcohol plant was sold to Gustav Ranin. In 1985, a new factory was built for the company.
In 1995, when the alcohol law changed, the traditional drinks were added back to the company's product list. Before the legal change, the company manufactured 8 to 10 drinks, now about 50. The annual production is about 2 million bottles and it employs about 30 people. About 70 to 75 percent of the products are sold to Alko, 20 to 25 percent are exported and 5 percent are sold through wholesale companies to restaurants. In 2009, the company bought the trademark to the Marskin ryyppy shot.
The company has had disputes with the EU court about the word konjakki (cognac). According to the EU court, genuine French cognac may not be called "konjakki", but must be called by its original French name "cognac". This dispute started with the Hienoa Konjakkia product ("Fine Cognac"), containing cognac made in the French region of Cognac. The product's name was changed to Ranin Cognac, according to Gustav Ranin, the founder.
Historically important products
Sawon viina, 1869
Mesimarjalikööri (Arctic bramble liqueur), the company's first liqueur, from 1882. The product was awarded a gold medal at the Paris World Fair in 1900, as well as in Copenhagen in 1888 and in Saint Petersburg in 1895.
Founders and developers
Hugo Lignell (5 April 1841 – 3 May 1890), pharmacist and merchant, kauppaneuvos 1890.
August Piispanen (14 June 1844 – 24 January 1906), pharmacist, kunnallisneuvos 1893.
Gustav Ranin (1825–1896), wholesale merchant, ship outfitter.
References
Sources
Pohjois-Savon muisti, L&P
Lignell & Piispanen, history
External links
Official site
Drink companies of Finland
is a train station in Nichinan, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 60.5 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks at grade with a siding. The station building is a simple wooden structure with a tile roof and is located at a slightly higher level than the platforms and tracks. It is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. After the ticket gate, a short flight of steps leads down to a side platform. Access to the opposite side platform is by means of a level crossing.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) had opened the Shibushi Line from to Sueyoshi (now closed) in 1923. By 1925, the line had been extended eastwards to the east coast of Kyushu at . The line was then extended northwards in phases. The first major phase of expansion added 28.5 km of track and several stations, reaching Yowara, which opened as the new northern terminus on 15 April 1935. On 8 May 1963, the route was designated the Nichinan Line on 8 May 1963. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 9 passengers (boarding only) per day.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Yowara (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
The Mahsud Waziri blockade was a British campaign against the Mahsud in the British Raj. It began with a passive blockade on 1 December 1900. The British forces were commanded by Major General Charles Egerton. The "most intense" period of fighting began on 23 November 1901. Mobile columns concentrated at Datta Khel, Jandola, Sarwakai and Wana raided Mahsud territory every several weeks, seizing lifestock, taking Mahsud members captive and inflicting heavy casualties. The Mahsud finally surrendered on 10 March 1902.
External links
Official British account of the campaign
References
Conflicts in 1901
Conflicts in 1902
Wars involving British India
Wars involving the United Kingdom
Thirteen is a 1974 Hong Kong coming-of-age film directed by Sung Tsun-shou and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio. It was based on the novel Zaoshu ("matured early") by Taiwanese novelist Kuo Liang-hui.
Cast and characters
Chin Han as Lu Tao-jan, a newspaper publisher.
Hsia Ping as Lan Chin, Lu's wife. The marriage is unhappy, and she spends most of her time playing mahjong. She treats her daughters rudely, but spoils her son.
Ku Chiu-chin as Lu Yun-pai, Lu Tao-jan's oldest daughter. She is married, pregnant and hardworking.
Chen I-ling as Lu Chin-pai, Lu Tao-jan's second daughter. She spends most of her time dressing up and hanging out with her boyfriend.
Tien Niu as Lu Chih-pai, Lu Tao-jan's third daughter and the protagonist of the film. She is 13 and does not like to study. She also does not get along with Chin-pai, with whom she shares a room.
Yuan Man-tzu as Lu Hsiu-pai, Lu Tao-jan's fourth daughter.
Chiang Ko-ai as Lu Li-pai, Lu Tao-jan's fifth daughter.
Hsu Chia-lin as Lu Sheng-pai, Lu Tao-jan's son and the youngest child.
Ling Yun as Shih Hsin-chiao, a 30-year-old journalist who trained under Lu Tao-jan.
Huang Shu-yi as Shih Hsin-ju, Shih Hsin-chiao's cousin in Macau. Her husband is in America, living with another woman.
Wong Yue as Hung Sen, a playboy 2 grades higher than Chih-pai.
Wang Ching-ho as the gynecologist.
Plot
Shih Hsin-chiao, a journalist who trained under mentor Lu Tao-jan, is a family friend of the Lus and well-liked by the children. Lu's 13-year-old daughter Chih-pai is infatuated with "Uncle Shih", but Shih sees her only as a child. Lu Tao-jan is transferred to Macau, where he has an affair with Shih's cousin. When Shih returns after a trip to Japan, he finds Chih-pai an attractive young woman. After repeatedly being rejected by Shih, Chih-pai has a relationship with a rich playboy Hung Sen, which leaves her pregnant. Desperate, she goes to the only man who can help her: Shih.
References
External links
Trailer with English subtitles
1974 films
Hong Kong films
Shaw Brothers Studio films
Films based on Taiwanese novels
Films directed by Sung Tsun-shou
1970s Hong Kong films
The 1990–91 Full Members' Cup, known as the Zenith Data Systems Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the 6th staging of a knock-out competition for English football clubs in the First and Second Division. The winners were Crystal Palace and the runners-up were Everton.
The competition began on 20 November 1990 and ended with the final on 7 April 1991 at the Wembley Stadium.
In the first round, there were two sections: North and South. In the following rounds each section gradually eliminates teams in knock-out fashion until each has a winning finalist. At this point, the two winning finalists face each other in the combined final for the honour of the trophy.
Arsenal, Liverpool. Tottenham, Manchester United & Aston Villa opted out of this competition.
First round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Second round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Third round
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area semi-finals
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area finals
Northern Area final
Everton beat Leeds United 6–4 on aggregate.
Southern Area final
Crystal Palace beat Norwich City 3–1 on aggregate.
Final
Notes
External links
When Saturday Comes Article on the Full Members' Cup
Full Results
Full Members' Cup
1990–91 in English football
The Ministry of Territorial Policy (MPT), is the department of the Government of Spain which manages the policies of the government regarding relations and cooperation with the Autonomous Communities and with the entities that integrate the Local Administration and those related to the territorial organization of the country and with the Government Delegations and Sub-Delegations in the regions and provinces.
The MPTFP is also in charge of the proposal and carrying out the government policy in matters of civil service, public employment and training of public employees; of governance and organization of the General State Administration; of procedures and inspection of services; of transparency and open government; of the development and monitoring of programs to improve public management and the quality of services.
Likewise, it is responsible for the Digital Administration policy, as well as the coordination of the process of rationalization of information and communication technologies in the field of the General State Administration and its public agencies, and the promotion of e-Government. through the shared provision of the Common Service of Information and Communication Systems; It is also responsible for establishing the necessary provisions and guidelines for its operation.
History
This Ministry was created for the first time in 1979 after the approval of the Constitution of 1978 in order to adapt the centralized administration to the new decentralized territorial administration. At the beginning, it assumed the relations with the already formed regions, the regions in process of formation and the local administration.
Previously, between 1977 and 1979 there was the figure of the Assistant Ministry of the Regions which, led by Manuel Clavero, developed the pre-autonomy agreements of the various regions and nationalities of Spain.
Initially it was endowed with a small structure, composed of a Undersecretariat, a Technical General Secretariat and two Directorates-General: Cooperation with Autonomous Regimes and Local Cooperation, this last transferred from the Ministry of the Interior.
In the words of Prime Minister Adolfo Suárez before the Congress of Deputies in 18 April 1979:
One year later, and with the aim of strengthening the administrative structures that facilitated the process of devolution to the Autonomous Communities, the Secretary of State for the Autonomous Communities, the Secretary of State for Local Corporations and the Directorate-General for Autonomic Development were created.
After the arrival of the Socialist Workers' Party to the Government, in 1983 the Ministry was again the object of remodeling. The Secretary of State for Local Corporations disappeared and four Directorates-General were established: Autonomic Development; Cooperation with the Autonomous Communities; Local Management; and Local Cooperation.
The great reshuffle takes place, nevertheless, in 1986, when the Department is renamed «for the Public Administrations» and receives powers on Civil Service and Administrative Modernization that until that moment exerted the Ministry of the Presidency.
A new extension of powers took place in 1997, as a consequence of the approval of the Law 6/1997, of April 14, of Organization and Functioning of the General State Administration, which organically assigns to it the Government Delegations (until then dependents from Interior).
These three areas of activity (Relationship with Autonomous and Local Administrations, Civil Service, and coordination of the Government Delegations) have remained as the competence axis of the Department, except for the period 2009-2010, in which the last two passed temporarily to the Ministry of the Presidency. These three areas of work (Relations with Autonomous and Local Administrations, Civil Service, and coordination of the Government Delegations) have remained as the responsibilities axis of the Department, except for the period 2009-2010, in which the last two passed temporarily to the Ministry of the Presidency.
Since December 22, 2011, the powers of this Department were integrated into the Ministry of the Treasury, which was renamed the Ministry of the Treasury and Public Administration. All its functions were assigned to the Secretary of State for Public Administrations. In 2016, the functions of relations with the regions and local administrations were transferred to the Presidency Ministry and it wasn't until 2018 that this Ministry was recovered assuming all of its historic responsibilities.
Organization chart
The current structure of the Ministry is:
Secretariat of State for Territorial Policy
General Secretariat for Territorial Coordination
Directorate-General for Regional and Local Cooperation
Directorate-General for Regional and Local Legal Regime
Directorate-General for the General State Administration in the Territory
Undersecretariat of Territorial Policy
Technical General Secretariat
List of Ministers
I Legislature (1979–1982) – It is called Ministry of Territorial Administration
(1979–1980): Antonio Fontán Pérez (UCD)
(1980): José Pedro Pérez Llorca Rodrigo (UCD)
(1980–1981): Rodolfo Martín Villa (UCD)
(1981–1982): Rafael Arias Salgado (UCD)
(1982): Luis Manuel Coscuella Montaner (UCD)
II Legislature (1982–1986) - It is called Ministry of Territorial Administration
(1982–1985): Tomás de la Quadra-Salcedo (PSOE)
(1985–1986): Félix Pons Irazazábal (PSOE)
(1986): Javier Moscoso del Prado y Muñoz (PSOE) - Interino
III Legislature (1986–1989) - It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(1986–1989): Joaquín Almunia Amann (PSOE)
IV Legislature (1989–1993) - It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(1989–1991): Joaquín Almunia Amann (PSOE)
(1991–1993): Juan Manuel Eguiagaray Ucelay (PSOE)
V Legislature (1993–1996)- It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(1993–1995): Jerónimo Saavedra Acevedo (PSOE)
(1995–1996): Joan Lerma i Blasco (PSOE)
VI Legislature (1996–2000) - It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(1996–1999): Mariano Rajoy Brey (PP)
(1999–2000): Ángel Acebes Paniagua (PP)
VII Legislature (2000–2004) - It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(2000–2002): Jesús María Posada Moreno (PP)
(2002–2003): Javier Arenas Bocanegra (PP)
(2003–2004): Julia García-Valdecasas (PP)
VIII Legislature (2004–2008)- It is called Ministry for Public Administrations
(2004–2007): Jordi Sevilla Segura (PSOE)
(2007–2008): Elena Salgado (PSOE)
IX Legislature (2008–2011)- It is called Ministry for Public Administrations and then Ministry of Territorial Policy and Public Administrations
(2008–2009): Elena Salgado (PSOE)
(2009–2011): Manuel Chaves (PSOE)
X Legislature (2011–2016)- It is called Ministry of Finance and Public Administrations
(2011–2016): Cristóbal Montoro Romero (PP)
XI Legislature and XII Legislature (2016–2020)
(2016–2018): Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría (PP), Minister for Territorial Administrations
(2018–2019): Meritxell Batet (PSOE), Minister of Territorial Policy and Civil Service
XIII and XIV Legislature (2019–present)
(2019–2020): Luis Planas (PSOE), Minister of Territorial Policy and Civil Service
(2020–2021): Carolina Darias (PSOE), Minister of Territorial Policy and Civil Service
(2021): Miquel Iceta (PSOE), Minister of Territorial Policy and Civil Service
(2021–): Isabel Rodríguez (PSOE), Minister of Territorial Policy.
References
Spanish Cabinets at CSIC website
External links
"Ministerio de Política Territorial" official page
Territorial Policy
Territorial
es:Ministerio de Hacienda y Administraciones Públicas de España
In enzymology, a hydroxypyruvate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
hydroxypyruvate 2-hydroxy-3-oxopropanoate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, hydroxypyruvate, and one product, 2-hydroxy-3-oxopropanoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is hydroxypyruvate aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism.
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
SMSS J114447.77–430859.3 or J1144 or J1144–4308 is a very bright (unbeamed) quasar (g = 14.5 ABmag, K = 11.9 Vegamag) and a supermassive black hole, that appears from Earth to be in the constellation Centaurus at RA 11h44m and Declination –43, near the Southern Cross (Crux). The SkyMapper Southern Survey (SMSS) was used to ascertain its spectral properties.
J1144 was identified during a search for binary stars. Despite being relatively bright, it had escaped classification as a quasar in earlier searches, which avoided the crowded fields near the galactic equator.
After examining various data sets, the study group determined that J1144 is the most intrinsically luminous quasar known over the last ~9 Gyr of cosmic history, having a luminosity 8 times greater than 3C 273 in Virgo.
According to the lead researcher Dr Christofer Onken, of the Australian National University: While black holes are themselves not visible; their gravity is so great that not even light can escape them, they are observable because of the matter that swirls around them.
References
Supermassive black holes
Centaurus (constellation)
Michael Pope, was born and educated in England. He received B.A. and D.Phil. degrees from Oxford University. He can be considered as one of the leading and most influential polyoxometalate chemists worldwide. His 1983 book entitled “Heteropoly and Isopoly Oxometalates” is the most cited reference in the field (>5500 citations).
References
External links
Pope Official Website
Georgetown University - Faculty
Living people
American scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Hail, America" is a regal concert march composed by George Drumm. It is known for its fanfare and trio sections performed during the presidential entrance at state dinners, but is not to be confused with Hail to the Chief, the president's arrival march. It has also been used as the honors music for the President-elect of the United States.
Background
"Hail, America" was composed by George Drumm, a German immigrant to the United States, in 1917 and first publicly performed during a concert in New York City the following year. Drumm appears to have composed the march to rebut questions as to his national loyalty after the United States declaration of war on Germany. According to Drumm, he wrote the march while riding the subway between Manhattan and Brooklyn.
Dwight Eisenhower preferred "Hail, America" to the traditional arrival march "Hail to the Chief" and ordered it performed at the 1953 and 1957 inaugurations to introduce him. Beginning with John F. Kennedy, the use of "Hail to the Chief" was resumed.
The trio section of "Hail, America" was performed to introduce then President-elect Barack Obama during the 2009 presidential inauguration, eight years later, to introduce then President-elect Donald Trump at the 2017 presidential inauguration, and four years later, to introduce then President-elect Joe Biden in the 2021 presidential inauguration.
Presidential entrance
"Hail, America" is performed by "the President's Own" United States Marine Band during a short transit ceremony by which the President of the United States moves from the second floor to the state floor of the White House on official occasions. In the ceremony, the president, the First Lady of the United States and, if applicable, a guest of honor and the guest of honor's spouse, descend the Grand Staircase accompanied by a military escort advancing the flag of the United States and the flag of the President of the United States.
The Grand Staircase was reconstructed in the imperial stair form by Theodore Roosevelt specifically to serve as a stage for the presidential entrance, whose early version had the president followed by a procession of 30 attendants and dignitaries. Cartoons at the time frequently portrayed Roosevelt descending the stairs crowned by a diadem. "Hail, America", however, did not become the musical accompaniment to the ceremony until the presidency of Eisenhower.
Early in the presidency of Jimmy Carter the presidential entrance was scrapped as part of an effort by Carter to make White House events less formal. During the 1977 state visit of Mexico, presidents Carter and José López Portillo descended the staircase without a military escort or the performance of "Hail, America". However, Misty Malarky Yin Yang, Amy Carter's cat, escaped from its room and unexpectedly joined presidents Carter and Portillo, according to one source "marching down the stairs most regally and surefooted" at the head of the group. (Another source, however, seems to dispute Misty Malarkey Yin Yang's composure, reporting instead that the cat actually appeared "very confused" while leading Carter and Portillo.) The performance of the presidential entrance ceremony was resurrected the following week, during the official visit of Canada. Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, who had participated in the presidential entrance during previous visits to the United States, at the time remarked "I love coming in to that music" in reference to "Hail, America".
See also
American march music
State visits to the United States
References
External links
video of "Hail, America" performed during a 2016 state dinner (C-SPAN)
1917 songs
American military marches
American patriotic songs
Articles containing video clips
State ritual and ceremonies
In enzymology, a muconolactone Δ-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(S)-5-oxo-2,5-dihydrofuran-2-acetate 5-oxo-4,5-dihydrofuran-2-acetate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (S)-5-oxo-2,5-dihydrofuran-2-acetate, and one product, 5-oxo-4,5-dihydrofuran-2-acetate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 5-oxo-4,5-dihydrofuran-2-acetate Delta3-Delta2-isomerase. This enzyme is also called muconolactone isomerase. This enzyme participates in benzoate degradation via hydroxylation.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of known structure
Francis Chepsiror Kirwa (born November 28, 1974) is a Finnish marathon runner of Kenyan origin. In 2005, he adopted Finnish nationality in order to compete internationally in the marathon, and run for his home nation at the IAAF World Championships in Helsinki. He also set a personal best of 2:11:01 by winning the gold medal at the Maratona Sant'Antonio in Padua, Italy.
Kirwa represented his adopted nation Finland at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed for the men's marathon. He successfully finished the race in fourteenth place by twenty-two seconds behind Spain's José Manuel Martínez, outside his personal best time of 2:14:22.
Kirwa currently resides in Lahti, since he left from Kenya in 2002. He also trains full-time for marathon and cross-country races at Lahden Ahkera, under his personal and head coach Timo Vuorimaa.
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish male marathon runners
Finnish people of Kenyan descent
European sportspeople of Kenyan descent
Living people
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Lahti
1974 births
Kenyan expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Naturalized citizens of Finland
The John D. Jones was a 19th-century Sandy Hook pilot boat, built in 1859 at the Van Deusen shipyard in East River for a company of New York Sandy Hook pilots. She was one of the finest vessels of her class. She was replaced by the pilot-boat Widgeon, when the Jones sank in a collision with the steamer City of Washington in 1871.
Construction and service
New York pilot-boat John D. Jones, No. 15, was launched on 28 December 1859 from the J.B & J.D. Van Deusen shipyard at the foot of Sixteenth Street, East River. The boat was built for a company of Sandy Hook pilots, which owned the Anthony B. Neilson, No. 21, which was sold in the spring of 1859 to a group of New Orleans pilots. The Jones was christened in honor of the John Divine Jones, the President of the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company.
In 1860, she was one of only twenty-one pilot boats that were in the New York and New Jersey fleet. On 10 October 1860, New York Sandy Hook Pilot Frederick Baudier, of the pilot boat J. D. Jones, No. 15, signed a statement along with other pilots, that they were satisfied with the representation they have received from the New York Board of Commissioners of Pilots.
The John D. Jones was registered with the Record of American and Foreign Shipping, in 1871. Her owners were the New York Pilots and Peter R. Baillie was the ship Master. Her dimensions were 9 ft. draught; and 50-tons burthen.
On March 29, 1869, the pilot boat John D. Jones, No. 15, was reported missing from a twenty-one day cruise. When last heard east of Montauk, she had three pilots on board, Thomas Aitken, Peter Bailey, and Thomas Murphy.
End of service
On 18 March 1871, on a stormy dark night, the pilot boat John D. Jones, was struck when attempting to board the Inman Line steamship City of Washington, traveling from Liverpool for New York, 270 miles east from Sandy Hook. She filled with water and sank in 15 minutes. The pilots and crew were all saved and taken on board the Washington. At the time of the disaster she was valued at $6,000. She was one of the finest boat of her class.
The John D. Jones, was then replaced by the yacht schooner Widgeon, on April 30, 1871. The Widgeon had been a yacht and the New York pilots converted her into a pilot-boat.
See also
List of Northeastern U. S. Pilot Boats
References
Individual sailing vessels
Schooners of the United States
Service vessels of the United States
1855 ships
Pilot boats
Ships built in Brooklyn
The 2011–12 season was the 114th season of professional association football played by Bristol City F.C., an association football club based in Bristol, England. They competed in the Championship, alongside the FA Cup, the Football League Cup and the Football League Trophy.
League table
Squad
Statistics
|-
|colspan="14"|Players featured for club who have left:
|}
Starting XI
The following players have been named in the most starting line-ups. This line-up may differ from the list of players with most appearances.
Starting Formation: 4–5–1
Captains
Goalscoring record
Disciplinary record
Penalties
Suspensions served
International call-ups
Results
Pre-season friendlies
Championship
FA Cup
Bristol City's FA Cup Third Round tie was drawn away to Crawley Town as Ball Number 5 (City) and Ball Number 51 (Crawley) respectively, the tie was played on 7 January 2012, with a kick-off time at 15:00. City lost by a single goal to Crawley from a Matt Tubbs goal.
League Cup
Bristol City's League Cup Round 1 tie against Swindon, drawn to be played on 9 August 2011, was postponed on police advice. This was due to fears of safety issues following rioting in London. The game was set to a new date 24 August 2011. City lost by a single goal to Swindon from a De Vita goal.
Transfers
In
Notes1Although officially undisclosed Bristol Evening Post believed the deal to be around £50,000.
2Although officially undisclosed Soccerbase listed the deal as be worth £250,000.
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Overall summary
Summary
Competition summary
References
2011–12
2011–12 Football League Championship by team
Hubert Joseph Dolez (16 March 1808 – 17 March 1880) was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician.
As a politician, he was a member of the Belgian parliament, President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 23 October 1867 until 20 May 1870 and Minister of State.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Hubert Joseph Dolez
Wellens, R., in : Biographie Nationale, Brussels, Académie Royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux Arts, 1866–1986, XXXV, 1969–1970, kol. 190-192.
Jadot, J.M., in : Biographie Coloniale Belge - Belgische Koloniale Biografie, Brussels, Koninklijk Belgisch Koloniaal Instituut, III, kol. 247.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 270.
1808 births
1880 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
People from Mons
Lentorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells.
Distribution
This genus lives in Africa.
Species
Species within this genus include:
Lentorbis carringtoni (de Azevedo et al., 1961)
Lentorbis junodi (Connolly, 1922)
References
Planorbidae
The 2013–14 San Miguel Beermen season was the 39th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). The team was known as the Petron Blaze Boosters for the duration of the Philippine Cup.
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
January 13: San Miguel Corporation president Ramon S. Ang announced that the team will revert to its iconic name "San Miguel Beermen" starting the 2014 PBA Commissioner's Cup.
Draft picks
Rosters
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
San Miguel Beermen seasons
San Miguel Beermen Season, 2013-14
Paperchase is an international chain of stationery stores which was established in the United Kingdom but has since expanded into Europe, the USA and United Arab Emirates. As well as stand alone stores, in the UK there are concessions in selected Selfridges, House of Fraser and Next stores.
History
Paperchase was founded by two art students, Judith Cash and Eddie Pond, around 1968. The company went through various owners before receiving investment from W H Smith in 1985; it continued to expand and in 1996 became Paperchase Products Ltd., having been bought by the existing management with investment from a venture capital fund.
In 2004 Borders Group Inc. bought out Graphite Capital, and the company grew internationally within the Borders network.
In 2007 Borders sold a majority stake in the UK and Irish division of Borders book stores to Risk Capital for £10 million.
In May 2008, the Borders Group announced it was considering selling its 97% share to one of either HgCapital, Isis Equity Partners or Change Capital, with W H Smith interested in putting in a £50 million bid – 12 years after selling it at £1 million.
With the administration and closure of Borders (UK) in late 2009, the company lost a large presence on the British high street as there was a Paperchase concession within every UK Borders. The UK division of Borders separated from its parent and the owner of Paperchase in 2007, and all Borders stores closed on 22 December 2009. To replace these lost UK retail sites, Paperchase concessions were formed in a number of HMV and Waterstones stores during 2010.
In 2010, a management buy-out was completed and the company is now owned by Primary Capital Partners LLP and its board of directors.
In 2021, Paperchase is on the brink of administration after most of its stores were closed over the Christmas period because of COVID-19. The firm has filed a notice to appoint administrators to give them breathing space while it works out a rescue plan. The company has 127 stores and about 1,500 employees.
It was announced, Paperchase would be purchased by Primera Capital through a legal entity, Aspen Phoenix Newco Limited
Stores
In September 2010, Paperchase launched an online store, built on the Venda ecommerce platform.
As of January 2013, the company has over 130 retail points of sale, made of up a mix of concessions and standalone stores. These are primarily based in the UK, with several in Dubai and a few in Denmark, The Netherlands, France and Germany. One of their first flagship stores is on Tottenham Court Road and is known as 'Paperchase Heaven' because of its location, size and range of products. A new store opened in the White Rose Centre in Leeds in June 2013, and another flagship store was opened in March 2013 at Buchanan Street in Glasgow.
In 2013, Paperchase occupied the former Barratts Shoes store in Jersey. In 2019, Barratts closed the Jersey store just before it went into administration.
Controversy
In February 2010, the company was accused of stealing artwork created by an independent British artist, Hidden Eloise. An artist working for the agency Gather No Moss eventually admitted tracing the artwork.
In November 2017, the company issued an apology for running an advert for free wrapping paper in the Daily Mail on Saturday 18 November, following a campaign by the group Stop Funding Hate. Journalists Julia Hartley-Brewer and Piers Morgan condemned the decision.
References
External links
Stationers of the United Kingdom
Retail companies of the United Kingdom
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
1968 establishments in England
Retail companies established in 1968
Matthew Gerrard Smith (born 5 October 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Arsenal.
Career
Arsenal
Born in Harlow, Essex, Smith began his career at Arsenal when he was seven. He progressed through the age groups at Arsenal. He was a part of the Arsenal Academy team that reached the final of the 2017–18 FA Youth Cup. During the 2018–19 season, whilst playing for Arsenal Under-18s, he was given the opportunity to play at a higher age group with six appearances for Arsenal Under-23s. His performances earned him his first professional contract at Arsenal. The next season he played for Arsenal Under-21s during two of their 2019–20 EFL Trophy group matches and was also nominated as the Premier League 2 Player of the Month Award in January 2020.
Due to the break in the 2019–20 Premier League season due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, Smith was called up by the Arsenal head coach Mikel Arteta to train with the first team. He would later be named on the bench for Arsenal for their Premier League match against Southampton. He would continue to be named on the bench for the rest of the season but never played. He was also named on the bench for the 2020 FA Cup Final which Arsenal won and earned Smith a winner's medal despite not having made his first team debut for Arsenal.
Loan to Swindon Town
Smith signed on loan for League One side Swindon Town in August 2020 for the duration of the season. He scored his first goal for Swindon in a 3–1 win against Rochdale on 12 September 2020. He was recalled by Arsenal on 1 February 2020, having featured 27 times for Swindon, contributing two goals and three assists.
Loan to Charlton Athletic
On 1 February 2021, Smith moved to a different League One side, Charlton Athletic, on loan for the rest of the 2020-21 season. He made his debut in a 3-1 defeat to Portsmouth in League One on 2 February, coming on as a substitute for Andrew Shinnie in the 77th minute.
Loan to Doncaster Rovers
On 5 July 2021, Smith again returned to League One as he joined Doncaster Rovers on a season-long loan deal, linking back up with manager Richie Wellens whom he had played under at Swindon.
Style of play
With his technique on the ball and awareness off it, Smith typically operates as a deep-lying midfielder, taking the ball off his center-backs to either spread the play or fire passes through the lines.
Career statistics
Honours
Arsenal
FA Cup: 2019–20
References
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Harlow
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Arsenal F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Victor-Léon-Ernest Denain (6 November 1880, in Dax – 31 December 1952, in Nice) was a French general, aviator and politician. He was behind the creation of the Salon-de-Provence Air School and the general development of military aviation.
Biography
Denain graduated from Saint-Cyr in 1901 and joined the French Army's cavalry. In 1903, he was assigned as Second Lieutenant to the 6e régiment de chasseurs à cheval (6th Cavalary Regiment) and in October 1905, as a First Lieutenant, he campaigned in the southern territories with the 5e régiment de chasseurs d'Afrique (5th Regiment of Chasseurs d'Afrique). In 1915, he transferred to the French Air Force where he commanded the aircraft of the Allied armies on the Eastern Front (1916–1918). With the French Air Force, he served in the Levant from 1918 to 1923, mainly in Syria. As such, he became a protege of General Weygand who arranged a foreign career for him. Denain was Head of the French Military Mission to Poland 1924 through 1931.
From 10 March 1933 to 6 February 1934, General Denain served as the Chief of the Air Force General Staff under Air Minister Pierre Cot, replacing General Joseph Barès. Denain and Cot dealt with the Armee de l'Air's technological issues. They built a series of new aircraft built to make the air services competitive; they worked with French aircraft manufacturers on improvements to aircraft design and production; and they made threats to nationalize the French aviation industry. Denain developed a strategic role for the Air Force with plans in 1933 for equipping it with 1,000 new planes. From 9 February 1934 to 24 January 1936, he was Aviation Minister in the Gaston Doumergue government. During this time, an on behalf of France, Denain announced this his country would organize a Paris to Hanoi air race in 1935, modeled after the London-Melbourne race.
By August 1936, under the Blum government, General Denain, had become High Commissioner of French Morocco. The next year, as Inspector General of the Air Force overseas, he transferred into the reserves. A very skilled pilot, he performed reconnaissance trips on numerous occasions. For example, as Air Minister he piloted his personal Breguet 27 to Belgrade, accompanied by two squadrons of Breguet 27s and a Dewoitine, to attend the funeral of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia on 17 October 1934.
References
French aviators
French politicians
French generals
1880 births
1952 deaths
People from Landes (department)
Chiefs of the Staff of the French Air and Space Force
The Olympiada of Spoken Russian is an annual series of state and regional competitions held for high school students of Russian in the United States, sponsored by the American Council of Teachers of Russian (ACTR). It is the oldest secondary school activity put on by this association, beginning in the 1960s. "Olympiada" means olympiad in Russian.
Format
The format for the Olympiada comes from the oral examinations that were common in the Soviet educational system, as well as the Soviet Student Olympiads.
There are three sections to the Olympiada:
About yourselfA conversation is carried on, where the interviewer asks the student questions, often about themselves, and the student answers. The student has access to the questions in advance, in order to prepare answers. On the lowest level, questions include "What is your name?" and "Where do you live?"; on the highest level, students are expected to describe themselves and their friends in detail, and discuss abstract ideas such as the nature of art.
Cultural knowledgeA section of each preparatory packet contains texts about Russia and Russian culture. The student is expected to be familiar with the material, and able to answer questions about it. On the lowest level, this includes basic geography; on the highest level, texts about famous Russian literary figures are included.
Text/poemThe preparatory packets include a selection of narrative texts and poems adapted to the student's expected ability level. Each student must prepare one narrative text, and be ready to read it aloud and answer questions about it. They must also memorize and recite a poem from the packet. The memorization requirement is a recent addition; in the past, the poem was treated the same as the text. At the lowest level, the poetry is adapted to suit the students' abilities, but at the highest level the student must memorize a full poem in the original by such famous Russian poets as Pushkin, Akhmatova, and Tsvetaeva.
Levels
There are six levels in the Olympiada. Four correspond to the level of ability expected of a student after their first, second, third, or fourth year of language study. This allows students in all years of the standard 9th - 12th grade high school to participate. There is a fifth level for heritage learners of the language, who went to the United States before age 11, and a sixth level for native speakers, including those who went to the United States at age 11 or later.
Scoring
Students are given a score between 60 and 100 for each section, and the section scores are averaged to get the student's final score. Medals are awarded as follows:
Gold medal: 90-100 points
Silver medal: 80-89 points
Bronze medal: 70-79 points
Honorable mention: 60-69 points
Regions
The number of Russian programs in American high schools has been steadily decreasing since the end of the Cold War. As a result, not all states have their own Olympiadas, nor are all regions are covered by the multi-state Olympiadas. The states and regions currently offering Olympiadas are as follows
Alaska (Central and Southeastern)
Delaware Valley
Illinois-Indiana
Maryland
Minnesota
New England
New Jersey
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
Tennessee-Mississippi
Texas
Virginia
Washington-Oregon
Awards
As part of the registration fee, ACTR provides "medals" for each participant, based on score. Each region may choose to give out its own award to the highest-scoring student, although this is not required. The University of Washington, which sponsors the Washington-Oregon competition, awards the Nora Holdsworth Scholarship (full tuition to the University of Washington Summer Russian program). Each year, the top finalists from each region are invited to the Olympiada Study Abroad Program, which includes a homestay in Vladimir, Russia. The program includes language and culture classes and tours in the region of the Golden Ring. ACTR greatly subsidizes this trip, making it possible for students who would otherwise not be able to afford it. The number of finalists invited from each region depends on the number of students competing. Students in the highest level and heritage speakers are eligible; native speakers are not. Only one finalist is allowed per school; students who have been finalists before are not allowed to win a second time.
Every three years (2001, 2004, 2007...) the top finalists are invited to be part of the US delegation to the International Olympiada of Spoken Russian held in Moscow. After the competition, the students continue to the homestay in Vladimir.
See also
Olympiada of Spoken Russian for Heritage Speakers
Starting from 2009, Malenkaya Kompaniya (:ru:Маленькая компания (журнал)), literary magazine for Russian-speaking children in US, together with the ACTR and the Slavic Department of the Columbia University, organizes annual Olympiadas of Spoken Russian for Heritage Speakers. Participants are children from Russian-speaking and mixed families who do not study Russian in American middle or high schools.
External links
Olympiada of Spoken Russian
American Council of Teachers of Russian
Malenkaya Kompaniya
Language competitions
Language education in the United States
Russian-language education
Ahmed Abdel-Ghani (born 1 December 1981) was an Egyptian professional footballer.
External links
1981 births
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egypt international footballers
2009 FIFA Confederations Cup players
People from Minya Governorate
Haras El Hodoud SC players
Association football forwards
Misr Lel Makkasa SC players
Egyptian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Egyptian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Sur SC players
Oman Professional League players
El Minya SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
Megan Kayla Walker (born November 23, 1998) is an American professional basketball player. She played college basketball for the UConn Huskies. Walker was selected to the first team All-American by the Associated Press (AP) and by the U.S. Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) in 2020.
WNBA career
Following the conclusion of the 2019-2020 NCAA season with the UConn Huskies, Walker declared for the 2020 WNBA Draft.
New York Liberty
Walker was drafted 9th overall in the 2020 Draft by the New York Liberty. Due to the COVID-19 Pandemic, Walker's rookie season would be played in Bradenton, Florida in the WNBA Bubble. On July 10, 2020, the Liberty announced that Walker had tested positive for the virus and would miss the start of training camp. Walker made her WNBA debut on July 29, 2020, against the Dallas Wings scoring 2 points in 2 minutes of action. Her highest scoring output for her rookie year came later in the season against the Los Angeles Sparks with 8 points.
On February 10, 2021, the Liberty announced that they had traded Walker, along with Kia Nurse, to the Phoenix Mercury.
Phoenix Mercury
Walker arrived in Phoenix and started 7 games for the Mercury. She scored in double figures 4 times throughout the year - including her career high of 11 points. As the season continued, Walker began to lose minutes and wasn't playing as much as earlier in the year. Although her minutes were cut, Walker and the Mercury earned a spot in the 2021 WNBA Playoffs and the 2021 WNBA Finals - Walker's first postseason action.
On January 13, 2022, the Mercury waived Walker from their roster.
Atlanta Dream
After being waived by the Mercury, the Atlanta Dream claimed Walker off of waivers and added her to the roster to earn a spot on their 2022 team. Walker played in 12 games during the 2022 season for the Dream, averaging 3.3 points and 0.8 rebounds. On June 8, 2022, Walker was traded to the New York Liberty, along with the draft rights to Raquel Carrera in exchange for AD. The Liberty waived her following the trade.
WNBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 18 || 0 || 11.4 || .321 || .140 || .600 || 1.5 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 0.4 || 3.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Phoenix
| 29 || 7 || 14.7 || .311 || .267 || .633 || 1.3 || 0.9 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 0.8 || 4.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 12 || 0 || 9.6 || .368 || .368 || .667 || 0.8 || 0.4 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 3.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"| 3 years, 3 teams
| 59 || 7 || 12.6 || .322 || .241 || .634 || 1.3 || 0.6 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 0.7 || 3.9
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Phoenix
| 5 || 0 || 7.8 || .286 || .000 || 1.000 || 0.8 || 0.0 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 1.2 || 1.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"| 2 years, 2 teams
| 5 || 0 || 7.8 || .286 || .000 || 1.000 || 0.8 || 0.0 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 1.2 || 1.6
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| UConn
| 32 || 0 || 15.5 || .444 || .371 || .755 || 3.3 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 0.9 || 5.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| UConn
| 36 || 36 || 31.3 || .458 || .397 || .742 || 6.7 || 1.9 || 1.0 || 0.3 || 2.1 ||12.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20*
| style="text-align:left;"| UConn
| 32 || 32 || 33.9 || .477 || .451 || .821 || 8.4 || 2.9 || 1.5 || 0.5 || 2.5 || 19.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 100 || 68 || 26.7 || .460 || .406 || .771 || 6.2 || 1.9 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 1.8 || 12.5
* 2020 NCAA tournament cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic
Source: uconnhuskies.com
High school
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"| Monacan HS
| 22 || ... || ... || .38 || .33 || .64 || 6.1 || 1.6 || 2.8 || 1.5 || 2.5 || 19.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Monacan HS
| 22 || ... || ... || .41 || .31 || .73 || 7.1 || 1.3 || 2.0 || 1.3 || 2.1 || 19.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Monacan HS
| 25 || ... || ... || .41 || .27 || .74 || 8.4 || 1.9 || 3.2 || 0.7 || 2.9 || 21.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Monacan HS
| 26 || ... || ... || .42 || .29 || .80 || 7.6 || 1.2 || 3.2 || 1.1 || 2.0 || 25.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 95 || ... || ... || .41 || .30 || .74 || 7.4 || 1.5 || 2.8 || 1.1 || 2.4 || 21.7
Source: maxprep.com
References
1998 births
Living people
All-American college women's basketball players
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Richmond, Virginia
New York Liberty draft picks
New York Liberty players
Phoenix Mercury players
Atlanta Dream players
Small forwards
UConn Huskies women's basketball players
Angelique Luminarise, released on May 20, 2021, is the first Nintendo Switch entry in the Angelique series of otome games. A special box set version containing drama CDs, titled Angelique Luminarise Treasure Box, was released on the same day as the standard physical and download versions. It is the first new entry in the main Angelique series in 18 years. Publications, as well as KOEI Tecmo, have referred to the title as for short. A trial version was published on the Nintendo e-shop on May 6, 2021.
The main character is Ange (name can be changed), a 25-year-old single office worker who is beginning to feel at her limits in her third year of working life when she is chosen to become a queen candidate and taken to another world. Her rival is Reina, also a 25 year old worker from the same city. Similar to the original Angelique game (as well as the remake Angelique Retour), there are 9 guardians who can be petitioned for assistance, talked with, or invited or asked on dates. However, the game was updated to better reflect women of today.
An event based on the game, titled Angelique Luminarise: 1st Floating Stage and featuring the voice cast of the 9 guardians (including Hiroki Nanami, Shimba Tsuchiya, Takeo Ōtsuka, Takuya Satō, Yūto Uemura, and Yūki Ono) is scheduled to be held on July 24, 2021, at the Fuchu no Mori Geijutsu Gekijou Dream Hall.
References
2021 video games
Angelique (video game series)
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Koei Tecmo franchises
Otome games
Raising sims
Koei games
Japan-exclusive video games
Nintendo Switch games
Nintendo Switch-only games
Golf arrived in Thailand during the reign of King Rama V. It was first played by nobles and other elitists of high society but is now played by a wider segment of the population.
Thailand's golfers
Thongchai Jaidee is the country's most successful golfer, winning a handful of major international tournaments. Other Thais who have had international success include Prayad Marksaeng, Boonchu Ruangkit, and Pornanong Phatlum. Many Thai professional golfers and aspiring amateurs compete in All Thailand Golf Tour tournaments.
Thailand's golf courses
There are approximately 250 golf courses in Thailand. Thousands of tourists fly into Thailand every year just for the golfing opportunities offered in the country. Destination diversity and the choice of golf courses throughout the country are key factors attracting the large numbers of visitors coming to play golf in Thailand. The most popular destination for golfing in Thailand especially for tourists is Pattaya in Chonburi Province, where there are over 20 courses.
References
Hans Eller (14 August 1910 – 4 April 1943) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, USA. In 1932 he won the gold medal as member of the German boat in the coxed fours competition.
Biography
Born as Johannes Eller on 10 August 1910 in Danzig-Oliva, his father was a naval captain and mother a homemaker.
He studied in Grenoble, France and later gained a law degree from Berlin. He worked for "Wirtschaftsgruppe Elektroindustrie," and had clients such as Siemens, Mende, and Phillips, some of which he then defended against nationalization from the National Socialist government.
Eller married Hildegard Kluge in Dresden on 23 December 1939 and has a son (Hans-Peter M. Eller) born in Dresden on 22 March 1943. He was January 1940, and wounded in France. After recuperation Eller was sent to Russia, but declared missing 23 January 1943. The search division of the German Red Cross recently found from Russian records that he died in a camp near Starobelsk on 4 April 1943.
He was a member of the Berliner Ruder Club and also participated successfully as crew member in fours in Henley Regattas.
He was killed in action during World War II.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
References
External links
Hans Eller's profile at databaseOlympics
1910 births
1940s missing person cases
1943 deaths
German male rowers
German military personnel killed in World War II
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Missing in action of World War II
Missing person cases in Russia
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
A picnic table (or picnic bench) is a table with benches (often attached), designed for impromptu outdoor dining. The term is often specifically associated with rectangular tables having an A-frame structure. Such tables may be referred to as "picnic tables" even when used exclusively indoors.
Various types of tables have been used for outdoor dining throughout history, but the classic A-frame rectangular picnic table emerged in the United States in the early 20th century. The earliest similar table was described in 1903 and was based on the 18th-century sawbuck table; the most common modern design, known in initially as a "Lassen table", was first used in 1926.
While the original and most common material for picnic tables is wooden boards, they may be made anything from split logs to concrete to recycled HDPE plastic. The frame, benches and platform may also be made of different materials.
Picnic tables are made in various shapes, from circles to hexagons, and in a wide range of sizes. Traditional picnic tables often pose challenges for accessibility, especially for wheelchair users, but various designs for accessible picnic tables also exist.
The typically simple and informal design of picnic tables makes them popular amenities in parks and other public places. They are used for a wide range of dining, educational, recreational and community-building purposes. Their popularity has various impacts on the flora, fauna and soil around picnic table sites, where they often attract various species interested in feeding on human food. Picnic tables are also common targets of vandalism.
History
Picnic tables emerged from the Victorian tradition of picnics, which often involved either simply spreading a blanket on the ground, or bringing the whole apparatus of indoor dining to the outdoors. This early approach to picnicking suffered the drawback that indoor dining furniture could not be carried far from the home and was often unsuited to outdoor use.
The first known modern picnic table was documented in a 1903 patent application by Charles H. Nielsen of Kreischerville, New York. Nielsen's table was designed to be portable and collapsible, so that picnickers could carry it wherever they wished. While the Nielsen table design derived its leg structure from the 18th-century sawbuck table, its built-in seating was innovative.
With the rise of US national parks and forests in the early 20th century, the use of fixed picnic tables as a park amenity became increasingly common. In many cases picnic tables were used specifically to restrict human impacts on the surrounding natural area, and were accordingly designed to be as heavy and immovable as possible.
Initially, a variety of picnic table designs were attempted. A sawbuck table with detached benches was popular in the early 1920s, but proved unsatisfactory in public parks because the benches tended to disappear. Other designs failed because they were either structurally unsound or difficult to construct.
The classic A-frame picnic table design, which overcame these early difficulties, originated at Lassen National Forest in California in 1926, and was accordingly known within the US Forest Service as a "Lassen table". The now-iconic Lassen tables became common across the United States through the work of the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.
The first known roadside picnic table was erected in 1929 in Boston Township, Michigan, using planks reclaimed from highway guardrails.
Uses
Picnic tables are used for dining, resting, crafts, and other activities. Picnic tables can be found outdoors in many public parks, residential back yards, rest areas, campgrounds, amusement parks, and many other places. Picnic tables are also used indoors when it is desired to have attached seating to tables.
Urban
In urbanized environments, picnic tables are often used as street furniture, and provide a convivial setting that can make it easier for neighborhood residents to interact with one another. In areas without adequate spaces, picnic tables placed on people's front yards have been used to similar effect. Picnic tables are also used to provide informal outdoor dining for food trucks and other small restaurants that lack indoor seating.
Outdoor
Picnic tables are widely used in outdoor learning because they provide convenient combination of seating and a flat work surface. They have also shaped the outdoor educational profession in other ways: in 1983, at a meeting of the Association of Experiential Education, women educators met around a picnic table at midnight to discuss the problems facing women in the field of outdoor education. The picnic table dialogue subsequently spurred a broader conversation and greater visibility to these issues in outdoor education.
The informal, outdoor character of picnic-table interactions has lent them to non-recreational uses as well. Israel and Jordan, while formally at war, held a series of secret talks between engineers regarding riparian issues at a picnic table at the confluence of the Yarmuk and Jordan rivers.
In 2009, a playset including a wooden A-frame picnic table engraved with the names of 44 US presidents was erected on the White House lawn for the president's daughters. Later in the same year, it was reported that the Beer Summit between President Obama, Henry Louis Gates, and a Cambridge police officer would be held at the picnic table; however, the meeting was actually held at a round white table in the Rose Garden. In 2017, after the incoming Trump administration declined the offer of the playset, it was donated to a local nonprofit.
A common use for picnic tables are outdoor activities, at camp sites, scenic places or common areas, but are not available everywhere.
Some aftermarket picnic tables can be attached to a pickup truck tailgate, for camping, fishing, hunting, sports, barbeque, tailgate party or as outdoor computer desk.
Design
Shape
The most traditional and common picnic table shape is rectangular, with a straight bench on each of the rectangle's two long edges. In the United States, this sort of rectangular picnic table is so closely associated with picnicking that it is the symbol used for picnic sites and picnic shelters under the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. However, many different shapes, including circular, hexagonal and octagonal designs, have also been used for picnic tables. Circular and octagonal picnic tables first became popular in California in the early 20th century because of their superior properties for playing card games.
Location
Most picnic tables a fixed or foldable structures, free standing or mounted to the floor and found at landmarks, scenic views or public places, for people to rest and gather.
In contrast, a mobile picnic table does not have a particular spot or location, but follows around together with its platform and can be used for multiple purposes.
Some mobile picnic folding table can be mounted to the tailgate of pickup trucks.
Size
A typical picnic table seats from six to eight people, though smaller and larger capacity tables exist. In particular, smaller picnic tables are often made for use by children. For rectangular picnic tables used in parks, the most common length is from .
Materials
The materials used for picnic tables have varied over time. A 1969 survey found that at that time, 95% of picnic tables contained wood to some extent, and 81% of picnic tables were made entirely of wood. Modern tables are increasingly often made from plastic, concrete, or metal. In addition, a combination of fiberglass and metal has sometimes been used.
Wood
Wooden tables are most commonly constructed using lumber boards. Protection for the wood (stain, paint, or wood protectant that repels water) is necessary to protect it from cracking, warping, or rotting due to moisture. The table-top and bench-top boards are attached to the trusses or beams using wood screws or nails. The legs can be secured with carriage bolts fastened by nuts and washers.
In the context of public parks, there have traditionally been different schools of thought as to whether local or commercial timber should be used for picnic tables. In some cases, rough-hewn local timber was used for the structural supports and commercial boards were used for the benches and platform.
In California in the 1930s, cross-sections of redwood and fir trees were sometimes used for picnic tables, but these proved insufficiently durable.
Stone or concrete
Stone or concrete picnic tables are durable but expensive. They are difficult or impossible to move, which may be a drawback in some contexts and an advantage in others. Such tables first came into widespread use in the United States in the 1930s, as part of Civilian Conservation Corps projects. However, stone tables proved unsatisfactory because they could not be moved even when the entire picnic site needed to be shifted from one location to another.
Plastic
Plastic picnic tables have grown in popularity because they are lighter, more durable, and less expensive than wooden tables, and require less maintenance. A common source for plastic "lumber" in picnic tables is recycled HDPE, which may be mixed with other materials such as wood flour for improved strength.
Metal
Metal picnic tables are becoming more popular in public parks because they are heavy and durable, and require little maintenance. Metal tables are sometimes attached onto concrete pads when theft is a concern. Thermoplastic-coated steel is often used for improved durability in outdoor applications. In addition, heavy-duty metal picnic tables are often used for indoor applications in prisons.
Accessibility
Picnic tables pose a number of challenges for accessibility, particularly for users in wheelchairs.
In the United States, federal recreational facilities are required to provide picnic tables that are accessible for disabled users. At least 20% of picnic tables must be accessible, and if only one or two picnic tables are present, they must all be accessible. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), at least 5% and no less than one of the tables that a business such as a restaurant provides must be disabled-accessible; this applies to picnic tables as well as other types of seating.
Nominally accessible picnic tables can still raise significant hurdles for disabled users. A common difficulty is soft or unstable ground around the picnic table that makes wheelchairs difficult to use. To address this problem, some US states such as New York mandate that picnic tables be placed on a concrete picnic pad.
Integration with other fixtures
Picnic tables are often integrated with other park fixtures, such as shelters and barbecue grills, which may all be attached to a single picnic pad. A bottle opener has sometimes been provided on the edge of the picnic table to dissuade picnickers from damaging the table top by opening bottles on it. Early US Forest Service picnic tables often integrated shelving and cupboards for user convenience, but these proved to be impossible to maintain and were not built after 1941.
Integrations with more modern technologies have also been developed: Sonoma State University has developed a solar charging station integrated with a picnic table, sun shade, and weather station, known as a "Smart Table".
Problems
Placing graffiti on picnic tables, either by carving or tagging, is a common form of recreational area vandalism. Studies in both the United States and Taiwan have found that picnic table vandalism is most likely to occur when the picnic table has already been vandalized. This phenomenon has been explained, using the framework of ecological psychology, as the pre-existing vandalism acting as a releasor cue for new vandals. Consequently, the operators of picnic facilities can best prevent vandalism by ensuring that any vandalism that occurs is addressed promptly. While graffiti is the most common type of vandalism, wooden picnic tables are also sometimes broken up by campers to be used as firewood.
Because flat wooden surfaces are vulnerable to decomposition in wet environments, picnic tables have historically often used wood treated with chromated copper arsenate (CCA). In one instance, a worker suffered extreme arsenic poisoning from sawing CCA-treated boards to construct a picnic table. In the United States, CCA-treated wood was in widespread use for outdoor applications from the 1940s until 2003, when an agreement between the Environmental Protection Agency and manufacturers of treated wood ended the chemical's use. Arsenic leaches continuously from CCA-treated wood for the entire service life of the picnic table, which may be up to 20 years.
Environmental impacts
Picnic tables are a principal amenity affecting the quality of park users' recreational experience and their interest in using a particular park. This can have both positive and negative effects. There are often severe trampling effects on the ground immediately around a picnic table, but often these impacts are highly localized. However, in rainy areas the damage caused by trampling may in turn give rise to sheet erosion of the picnic site.
During picnic season, picnic tables are often a center of attention from non-human animals seeking access to either humans or their food. Nymphs of the Western black-legged tick, Ixodes pacificus, have been found on picnic tables at roughly the same frequency as in leaf litter. Hornets and other wasps may similarly nest under picnic table platforms or benches, which provide a sheltered location convenient to a food source.
As a source of food subsidy from humans, picnic tables have been found to affect corvid activity as these birds seek out areas near picnic tables and may refrain from scavenging deeper in the forest. Males of the Steller's Jay in particular seek out territory near picnic tables because of the superior feeding opportunities.
Other approaches
Picnic tables are not the only specialized tables used for outdoor dining. For example, in Korea, where it is traditional to sit on the floor to dine, outdoor meals are often held on low wooden platforms known as pyeongsang, and diners sit directly on the platform rather than next to it. Sometimes referred to as "portable wooden decks", pyeongsang have a picnic-table-like ability to foster communal interaction when used as street furniture. In addition, in both Korea and Japan, picnic mats or sheets are sometimes used to create a comfortable, portable dining space.
See also
Patagonia picnic table effect
Works cited
References
Tables (furniture)
Parks
Outdoor recreation
Table
Floretta Avril Boonzaier (born 1974) is a South African psychologist and Professor of Psychology at the University of Cape Town. She is noted for her work in feminist, critical and postcolonial psychologies, subjectivity in relation to race, gender and sexuality, and gender-based violence, and qualitative psychologies, especially narrative, discursive and participatory methods. She heads the Hub for Decolonial Feminist Psychologies in Africa with Shose Kessi.
Career
She obtained a PhD in psychology with a dissertation that focused on the construction of subjectivities in relation to violence in intimate heterosexual relationships at the University of Cape Town in 2005. She has since been employed at the Department of Psychology at the University of Cape Town as a lecturer, senior lecturer, associate professor and from 2018 as a full professor (chair). She was a Mandela Fellow at the W. E. B. Du Bois Institute at Harvard University from 2009 to 2010.
She is one of the leaders of the Black Academic Caucus at the University of Cape Town and has been involved in South African debates on rape culture and the Rhodes Must Fall debate. She is also a member of the board of directors of the NGO Resources Aimed at the Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect.
Awards
She received the South African Women in Science Award from the Department of Science and Technology in 2010. In 2019 she received the UCT Advancing Womxn Award.
Selected bibliography
Men, Masculinities and Intimate Partner Violence, with Lucas Gottzén and Margunn Bjørnholt (Routledge, 2021)
Decolonial Feminist Community Psychology, with Taryn van Niekerk (Springer, 2019)
Engaging Youth in Activism, Research and Pedagogical Praxis: Transnational and Intersectional Perspectives on Gender, Sex, and Race, with Jeff Hearn, Kopano Ratele and Tamara Shefer (Routledge, 2018)
South African Women Living with HIV: Global Lessons from Local Voices (Indiana University Press, 2013)
The Gender of Psychology (Juta Academic, 2006)
References
1974 births
Feminist studies scholars
Living people
South African psychologists
South African women psychologists
University of Cape Town alumni
University of Cape Town academics
Harvard University faculty
Fedir Krychevsky (; May 22, 1879– July 30, 1947) was an influential Ukrainian early modernist painter. He was the brother of graphic designer Vasyl Krychevsky.
Biography
Krychevsky was born in Lebedyn, in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire, to the family of a Jewish country doctor who converted to Orthodox Christianity and married a Ukrainian woman. He graduated from the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in 1901 and the Saint Petersburg Academy of Arts in 1910. He traveled in Western Europe for a year, and studied briefly with Gustav Klimt in Vienna. He moved to Kiev, where he served as professor and director at the Kiev Art School from 1914 to 1918.
In 1917, he was one of the founders and a rector (from 1920 to 1922) of the Ukrainian State Academy of Arts. When the academy was abolished, he worked as a professor at the Kiev State Art Institute, eventually becoming its rector. He remained in Kiev at the onset of the Second World War, and kept his position at the institute, trying to save it in difficult conditions during the German occupation of Kiev. He served as the chairman of the Union of Ukrainian Artists that tried to improve the conditions of artists during the occupation. He was extremely popular among the artist-colleagues, faculty at the institute and the students, and no one betrayed his Jewish origins to the German authorities, saving him from the Babi Yar massacre.
He moved to Königsberg in the summer of 1943, to join his brother Vasyl. He attempted to flee west to escape the advancing Soviet troops, but the train in which he was traveling was overtaken. Krychevsky was arrested by the NKVD as a collaborator, but his interrogations have elicited nothing that could incriminate him, so he was stripped of all his titles and honors and sent to exile to the village of Irpin near Kiev where he died of starvation during the famine in 1947, despite the food help that was receiving from his student Tetyana Yablonska.
Twelve years after his death Krychevsky was "rehabilitated." In 1959 the first exhibition of his works was held in Kiev, and information about his work began to be published.
Works
In total, he produced close to a thousand works, including narrative compositions, portraits, landscapes, drawings.
His early work remains the most valuable and appreciated part of his oeuvre. It was formed under the influence of Gustav Klimt and Ferdinand Hodler and combined Secessionist aesthetic principles with folk and Icon sensibilities. Krychevsky's draftsmanship is considered to be equal to that of Adolph Menzel. His later work, although solid in execution, suffered from ideological constraints of Socialist Realism.
For 30 years Krychevsky was one of the leading figures in Ukrainian art. In 1911 and 1913 he organized the first strictly Ukrainian art exhibitions. Beginning in 1897, his work was exhibited at over 34 shows in and outside Ukraine. He was also a successful teacher, whose students included many famous Ukrainian artists.
Krychevsky's triptych "Life" remains one of the iconic examples of Ukrainian modernism. The work combines the elements Art Nouveau and Ukrainian Religious paintings. Each painting contains respectively eternal themes of life - love, achievement and loss. Krychevsky's modern touch to the pictures, like planar-linear rhythm and harmony of colors enriched the paintings' classical interpretation.
Influence
Krychevsky had many students throughout his long career, notably Boris Kriukow, Tetyana Yablonska.
There is a street in Kyiv named in his honor.
References
1879 births
1947 deaths
People from Lebedyn
People from Kharkov Governorate
19th-century Ukrainian painters
19th-century Ukrainian male artists
Ukrainian male painters
20th-century Ukrainian painters
20th-century Ukrainian male artists
Ukrainian Jews
Jewish painters
Symbolist painters
Art Nouveau painters
Soviet rehabilitations
National Academy of Visual Arts and Architecture faculty
In mathematical optimization, linear-fractional programming (LFP) is a generalization of linear programming (LP). Whereas the objective function in a linear program is a linear function, the objective function in a linear-fractional program is a ratio of two linear functions. A linear program can be regarded as a special case of a linear-fractional program in which the denominator is the constant function one.
Relation to linear programming
Both linear programming and linear-fractional programming represent optimization problems using linear equations and linear inequalities, which for each problem-instance define a feasible set. Fractional linear programs have a richer set of objective functions. Informally, linear programming computes a policy delivering the best outcome, such as maximum profit or lowest cost. In contrast, a linear-fractional programming is used to achieve the highest ratio of outcome to cost, the ratio representing the highest efficiency. For example, in the context of LP we maximize the objective function profit = income − cost and might obtain maximum profit of $100 (= $1100 of income − $1000 of cost). Thus, in LP we have an efficiency of $100/$1000 = 0.1. Using LFP we might obtain an efficiency of $10/$50 = 0.2 with a profit of only $10, but only requiring $50 of investment.
Definition
Formally, a linear-fractional program is defined as the problem of maximizing (or minimizing) a ratio of affine functions over a polyhedron,
where represents the vector of variables to be determined, and are vectors of (known) coefficients, is a (known) matrix of coefficients and are constants. The constraints have to restrict the feasible region to , i.e. the region on which the denominator is positive. Alternatively, the denominator of the objective function has to be strictly negative in the entire feasible region.
Transformation to a linear program
Under the assumption that the feasible region is non-empty and bounded, the Charnes-Cooper transformation
translates the linear-fractional program above to the equivalent linear program:
Then the solution for and yields the solution of the original problem as
Duality
Let the dual variables associated with the constraints and be denoted by and , respectively. Then the dual of the LFP above is
which is an LP and which coincides with the dual of the equivalent linear program resulting from the Charnes-Cooper transformation.
Properties and algorithms
The objective function in a linear-fractional problem is both quasiconcave and quasiconvex (hence quasilinear) with a monotone property, pseudoconvexity, which is a stronger property than quasiconvexity. A linear-fractional objective function is both pseudoconvex and pseudoconcave, hence pseudolinear. Since an LFP can be transformed to an LP, it can be solved using any LP solution method, such as the simplex algorithm (of George B. Dantzig), the criss-cross algorithm, or interior-point methods.
Notes
References
Further reading
Software
WinGULF – educational interactive linear and linear-fractional programming solver with a lot of special options (pivoting, pricing, branching variables, etc.)
JOptimizer – Java convex optimization library (open source)
Optimization algorithms and methods
Linear programming
Generalized convexity
Fire Chief is a magazine that was established in 1956. The magazine examines issues that are of particular importance to managers of fire departments. It was published in Chicago by Penton Media until 2013; in 2014 it was sold to Praetorian Group. The volumes for May 1968-Nov. 1991 were called also whole no. 134-415.
References
External links
Fire Chief magazine
Online magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
English-language magazines
Firefighting in the United States
Magazines established in 1956
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Professional and trade magazines
Magazines published in Chicago
Secamonoideae is a subfamily of the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.
Genera
Calyptranthera Klack., 1996
Genianthus Hook. f., 1883
Goniostemma Wight, 1834
Pervillaea Decne., 1844
Secamone R. Br., 1810
Secamonopsis Jum., 1908
Toxocarpus Wight & Arn., 1834
Trichosandra Decne., 1844
References
Gentianales subfamilies
Mitwitz is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the Steinach river and the Föritz (which flows into the Steinach), on the edge of the Frankenwald on the route between Kronach and Coburg.
References
Kronach (district)
Henry R. Luscher was a Mobile, Alabama-area community leader and politician who served two terms as the city's Public Safety Commissioner and several stints as the city's Mayor. All of his terms as Mayor of Mobile were when the title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission. He was defeated for re-election in 1961 by challenger George E. McNally, the first open Republican elected to office in Mobile since Reconstruction. Luscher had also served as King of the Mobile Carnival Association during his youth.
References
World Statesmen list of Mayors of Mobile
Year of birth unknown
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
Clayworth is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw. The ward elects one councillor to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system for a four-year term in office. The number of registered voters in the ward is 1,530 as of 2019.
It consists of the villages of Clayworth, Clarborough, Hayton and Wiseton.
The ward was created in 2002 following a review of electoral boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Boundary Committee for England.
Councillors
The ward elects one councillor every four years. Prior to 2015, Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place.
Elections
2019
2015
2012
2008
2004
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
Annaghdown (, ) is a civil parish in County Galway, Ireland. It takes its name from Eanach Dhúin, Irish for "the marsh of the fort". It lies around Annaghdown Bay, an inlet of Lough Corrib. Villages in the civil parish include Corrandulla and Currandrum. Annaghdown is also an ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuam and the Church of Ireland Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry.
Etymology
According to the Early Ecclesiastical Settlement Names of County Galway (1996):
"The name Eanach Dhúin signifies the 'marsh of the Dún or fort.' The word Dún is one of the most common elements denoting secular settlement in early placenames. It usually refers to an enclosed settlement or ringfort and in the early historical period it appears to designate the principal dwelling of the local king or chieftain. The placename ... probably referred to the marshlands attached to the fort of the chieftain of Maigh Seola, which would have been granted as a site for a church."
History
Little is known of the early history of Annaghdown, which does not appear in the annals until the twelfth century. Two historical sources state it was granted to St. Brendan of Clonfert by King Áed mac Echach of Connacht. Francis Byrne believed that as Áed's territory of Uí Bhriúin Aoi lay in County Roscommon, it was not within his power to grant the land of another chieftain so distant from him. However, as noted by Hubert Knox, the dynasty may have actually originated in this region, which would explain this donation.
The earliest reliable reference to Annaghdown occurs in Comainmniguid Noem nErenn, composed c. 800, which contains a reference to Ciarán Enaigh Dúin, (Ciarán of Annaghdown). This, together with placename evidence indicates an association with Ciarán of Clonmacnoise as opposed to Brendan of Clonfert. The connection with Clonfert may have been no more than a reflection of an attempt by Clonfert to justify its claim on the church of Annaghdown at a later period.
During the twelfth century the monastery of St Mary for Augustinian canons was built c. 1140. Following this the new diocese of Annaghdown was established by the Ó Flaithbheartaigh kingdom of Iar Connacht about 1179 from the lands of their kingdom and separated from the Diocese of Tuam, controlled by their rival Ó Conchubhair dynasty. The Archbishop of Tuam at the turn of the fourteenth-century, William de Bermingham, claimed Ruadhri Ua Flaithbertaigh placed his chaplain, named "Coneghor" (Conchobhar?), in the position of bishop, but he later resigned the position. A bishop's palace and cathedral were built in the late twelfth century. Although not listed in the earlier Synods of Rathbreasail or Kells, Annaghdown diocese survived nonetheless for many centuries through monastic outreach from Annaghdown Abbey. The ecclesiastical settlement attracted two Continental monastic orders in the early thirteenth century, the Arrouaisians and Premonstratensians who also built religious houses.
The title Bishop of Annaghdown is known to have been in use from c. 1189 when Conn O Mellaigh was one of three Irish bishops to attend the coronation of King Richard I at Westminster. The Ó Meallaig family were the traditional hereditary churchmen of Annaghdown. Several bishops, from 1189 to 1485, were systematically elected by its 'Cathedral Chapter' and, despite many counterclaims from Tuam, some were approved by Rome. Between 1253 and 1306, the bishopric was united to the archbishopric of Tuam, although in this period there were two bishops. In 1255 the Justicar of Ireland, John FitzGeoffrey and his successor Richard de la Rochelle, who held extensive Connacht land grants, gave recognition to the diocese of Annaghdown over protests from the Archbishop of Tuam and his suffragans, who appealed to Rome.
In 1410, Áedh Ó Flaithbheartaigh financed the building of a church at Annaghdown.
In 1485, when the Wardenship of Galway was created, Annaghdown was formally united with Tuam by Papal decree, and some of its parishes, Claregalway, Moycullen and Shrule, were formally attached to the new wardenship. However, the title still survives as Bishop of Eanach Dúin, currently held by Bishop Octavio Cisneros, Auxiliary Bishop of New York, since 2006.
The ruins of Annaghdown Abbey and the 15th century cathedral survive as a National Monument.
Annaghdown Castle was erected by the O'Flahertys in the late 14th century, on the east shore of Lough Corrib, where it still stands, now restored.
Drowning Tragedy
On Thursday, 4 September 1828, 20 people travelling to Galway on the Caisleán Nua were drowned when a sheep put its foot through the floor of the boat. This tragedy later became the subject of a famous lament, Eanach Dhúin, composed by the famous blind Irish poet, Antoine Ó Raifteiri. A memorial stone was erected at Annaghdown Pier in 1978 by the Annaghdown Anglers Club, 150 years after the tragedy occurred.
The Connacht Journal of 4 September reported the following:
An old row-boat in a rotten and leaky condition, started from Annaghdown early in the morning, a distance from Galway up Lough Corrib of about eight miles, having, it is calculated, about 31 persons on board, who were coming to the fair of Galway; the boat and passengers proceeded without obstruction until they arrived opposite Bushy Park within two miles of Galway, when she suddenly went down and all on board perished except about 12 persons who were fortunately rescued from their perilous situation by another boat. Eighteen of the bodies of these unhappy creatures were taken out of the lake in the course of the day and presented a most heart-rending scene, being surrounded by their friends who came to identify them, and by whom they were removed in a boat to Annaghdown.
The boat was in such an unsound state as to render her unfit for the passage. The unfortunate accident happened by a sheep putting its leg through one of the planks, which produced a leak, in order to stop which one of the passengers applied his great coat to the aperture and stamped it with his foot. In doing so he started one of the planks altogether, which caused the boat's immediate sinking, having been overloaded; ten sheep, a quantity of lumber, and about 31 persons being on board.
Eighteen of the bodies have been found; 12 have escaped, and one is missing. Major Dickson and a party of the 64th Regiment attended and rendered every humane assistance in their power. An inquest was held on the bodies by John Blakeney Esq., Coroner, at which James O'Hara, Esq., M.P., and J. H. Burke, Esq., Mayor, attended, and the jury returned a verdict of "accidental drowning".
The following are the names of the persons drowned and taken out of the lake: Bridget Farragher, Mary Costello, Judith Ryan, Bridget Hynes, Mary Newell, Winifred Jourdan, Mary Flynn, Bridget Curley, Catherine Mulloy, Mary Carr, Michael Farragher, Michael Cahill, John Cosgrove, John Concannon, Thomas Burke, Patrick Forde, John Forde and Timothy Goaley.
It is said that two more were drowned and their bodies were later discovered: Thomas Cahill and Mary Ruane, making a total of 20. John Cosgrove saved two women, but was drowned in trying to save the third. He was a lime-burner by trade. The remains of his house are still to be seen in the Blake estate - "Teach Chosgardha". Raftery's poem seems to be in error in mentioning only 19 victims.
Sport
Annaghdown has Gaelic football, hurling, camogie and soccer clubs. The local hurling and Gaelic football club, Annaghdown GAA, has playing fields and a clubhouse in Cregg townland, on the road linking Cloonboo, on the N84, to Claregalway, on the N17.
Corrib Celtic AFC is the local soccer club which has its grounds next to Annaghdown National School. Also beside Annaghdown National School is an indoor handball alley which caters for handball and racquet sports such as racquetball and squash. The courts were run down for a number of years but have recently been refurbished and a Handball and Raquetball Club is now active. Corrib RFC, a rugby club, is located in the nearby town of Headford.
Poetry and music
Eanach Dhúin
This poem was composed by the travelling Irish poet, Antoine Ó Raifteiri, as a lament of the twenty people drowned at Menlo, Galway, on 4 September 1828.
Irish songwriter Dick Farrelly wrote the song, "Annaghdown". The song was recorded by Sinead Stone & Gerard Farrelly on the album, "Legacy of a Quiet Man". Farrelly is best remembered for his song Isle of Innisfree, theme of the film, "The Quiet Man".
Education
There are four primary schools in Annaghdown parish: Annaghdown N.S., Castlehackett N.S., Corrandulla N.S. and Corrandrum N.S.
Annalistic references
The Annals of Inisfallen and Annals of the Four Masters contain a number of references to Annaghdown.
AI1044.4 Aed, the anchorite, rested in Enach Dúin.
M1241.1. Bishop O'Flaherty (i.e. Murtough), i.e. the Bishop of Annadown, died.
1411. The monastery of Annadown in the county of Galway was burned.
See also
Cregg Mill, County Galway
Seoirse Brún
References
Civil parishes of County Galway
Christian monasteries in the Republic of Ireland
National Monuments in County Galway
The Red Oak Blue Indians were a minor league baseball team based in Red Oak, Iowa. In 1903, Red Oak played as members of the Class D level Southwest Iowa League, hosting minor league home games at Legion Park.
History
The 1903 Red Oak Blue Indians were the first minor league baseball team in Red Oak, Iowa. The Blue Indians played as charter members of the six–team 1903 Southwest Iowa League. The teams from the Atlantic, Clarinda, the Creston Cyclones, Osceola, Iowa and Shenandoah joined Red Oak in the new league. The Southwest Iowa League began 1903 play with four teams. On June 29, 1903, the league expanded to six teams when the Creston Cyclones and the Osceola, Iowa teams joined the league.
On March 25, 1903, the Southwest Iowa League was formed at a meeting held at the Hotel Johnson in Red Oak, Iowa. E.H. Whiteside, of the Atlantic, Iowa was elected league president. Atlantic, Clarinda, Iowa, Shenandoah and Red Oak were chosen as the four charter member franchises. The league decided to disallow playing games on Sundays. The initial four towns had similar populations (3,000 to 5,000) and the longest distance to travel was less than sixty miles, which was designed to keep travel expenses to a minimum.
Red Oak Blue Indians opened league play on May 19, 1903, with Atlantic hosting Red Oak. Atlantic won the season opener by the score of 10–5. After the opening day game, rains postponed play until May 26, 1903 and Red Oak had to move their opener to a golf course due to unplayable field conditions. There were 250 fans on hand at the temporary ballpark. As the season progressed and attendance became an issue, Red Oak experimented with a later 6:00 PM. starting time to allow more fans to attend. But, each time the evening starting time was tried, it became dark before a full nine innings were played.
The Red Oak Blue Indians failed to show for its series at the Atlantic on August 28, 1903. The franchise then announced its intention fold from the league. The Southwest Iowa League folded on August 29, 1903. At the time the league folded, Red Oak had an overall record of 22–33 record, placing 3rd overall in the Southwest Iowa League. Crippen and Jimmy Deering were the Red Oak managers. The Red Oak Blue Indians finished 9.5 games behind the champion Atlantic in the six–team league. Atlantic (34–26) and Clarinda (31–30) finished ahead of Red Oak in the overall standings. The Southwest Iowa League permanently folded after their only season in 1903.
Red Oak, Iowa has not hosted another minor league team.
The ballpark
The Red Oak Blue Indians played minor league home games at the Legion Park. Legion Park is still in use today as a public park and is located at North Broadway & Alix Street, Red Oak, Iowa.
Year–by–year record
Notable alumni
The team player roster is unknown.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Red Oak - Baseball Reference Bullpen
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in Iowa
Defunct baseball teams in Iowa
Baseball teams established in 1903
Baseball teams disestablished in 1903
1903 establishments in Iowa
Red Oak, Iowa
Montgomery County, Iowa
Southwest Iowa League teams
The following are the national records in track cycling in Russia maintained by Russia's national cycling federation: Russian Cycling Federation.
Men
Key to tables:
Women
References
General
Russian records 25 May 2022 updated
Specific
External links
Russian Cycling Federation web site
Russia
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
Ole Andreas Lindeman (17 January 1769 – 26 February 1857) was a Norwegian musician, organist, composer and music educator.
He was born in the parish of Øye in Surnadal, Norway. After graduating from Trondheim Cathedral School, Lindeman attended the University of Copenhagen where first he studied law. He was subsequently a music student of Danish- Norwegian composer and music theorist, Israel Gottlieb Wernicke (1755-1836).
Following a request from Bishop Johan Christian Schønheyder, Lindeman moved to Trondheim to become organist at Vår Frue kirke. Lindeman retained the organist position until his death 1857 having served as an organist in Trondheim in more than 50 years. During that time, he organized many concerts, composed songs and collected Norwegian folk tunes. He also taught others, among them Thomas Tellefsen, who settled in Paris and became a notable pianist and composer.
In 1831, Lindeman publish the hymnal Udvalg af Psalmer uddragne af den Evangelisk-christelige Psalmebog, i sær til Brug for den skolesøgende Ungdom. Halv-hundrede Fjeldmelodier harmoniserede for Mandsstemmer and the three volumes of Ældre og nyere norske Fjeldmelodier were published separately between 1853–1867. He was the father of five sons, including Ludvig Mathias Lindeman who served as cantor and organist at Oslo Cathedral.
References
External links
The Lindeman Foundation
1769 births
1857 deaths
Male organists
Norwegian composers
Norwegian organists
Norwegian music educators
People from Surnadal
Hufsmith is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States. The community is part of the Tomball metropolitan area
Education
Tomball Independent School District operates schools serving the community.
One elementary school, Tomball Elementary School, serves Hufsmith elementary school residents. The school includes a bilingual program. Two intermediate schools (Beckendorf and Tomball), Tomball Junior High School, and Tomball High School also serve Tomball.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Super One is the first studio album by South Korean supergroup SuperM. It was released on September 25, 2020 by SM Entertainment, Capitol Records and Dreamus. The album was preceded by the singles "With You", "100" and "Tiger Inside" and was released alongside the lead single, "One (Monster & Infinity)". The physical edition of the album comes in five versions: two group and three unit versions. The Asia ver. was released on October 26, 2020.
Background and release
Following up promotions for the group's self-titled debut EP, SuperM performed an unreleased song titled "Dangerous Woman" on their concert tour SuperM: We Are the Future Live and during their appearance on The Jimmy Kimmel Show on February 11, 2020. SuperM participated in the Global Citizen event One World: Together at Home on April 18, 2020, during which they performed another new song titled "With You". The song was included in the concert playlist album that was released exclusively for streaming on Spotify on April 19, 2020.
On August 5, 2020, SM Entertainment announced that the group would make their comeback with two digital singles and their first studio album. The album's first single, "100", was released on August 14, 2020. Its follow-up, "Tiger Inside", was released on September 1, 2020. Super One was released on September 25, 2020, along with the music video for the lead single, "One (Monster & Infinity)".
Composition
The album opens with "One (Monster & Infinity)", a so-called "hybrid remix", which is a combination of two different songs. With lyrics full of confidence and the will of overcoming the hardships in front of them without fear, the song showcases SuperM's intense and energetic performance. The second track "Infinity" is described as a song with a grand introduction which begins with a magnificent brass orchestration. The highlight of the song is the immersive introduction from the speedy rapping of members Mark and Taeyong, and the chorus that conveys the ambition of "to go to infinity" with energetic vocals. The album continues with "Monster", a song with an intense energy of distorted percussive bass riffs with a motive reminiscent of a "monster", thus fitting the title of the song. The fourth track "Wish You Were Here" is a song with an addictive chorus melody on top of the reggae rhythm and dub sound. Its lyrics express the feelings of a lover's sorrow caused by being unable to be together due to unavoidable circumstances. "Big Chance", the fifth track of the album, is described as a tropical house song, which conveys the sincere feelings of young people toward their loved ones, saying, "a big mistake we make can be a big opportunity". The next track, "100", is characterized as a song with a fast baseline and dynamic rhythms that expresses SuperM's unique and powerful energy. The song was co-written and co-produced by member Mark. The seventh track "Tiger Inside" is the conceptual extension to "I Can't Stand The Rain". It features traditional Asian elements and futuristic electronic beats.
The next half of Super One starts with "Better Days", a song with the message of warm comfort and empathy from SuperM in the current difficult situationexpressed through flexible rap flows and warm vocals, led by a vintage upright piano and contrabass. Vocal group Heritage participated as choir. The ninth track "Together At Home" is described as an R&B disco song driven by a funky bass line, with lyrics that create a good time uniting one another in a new way, not a physical space. The next track, "Drip", is a trendy "ratchet" trap hip-hop genre with a sexy and provocative atmosphere. The lyrics are a visual depiction gradually depicting the increasing tension of the opposite sex. The tenth track "Line 'Em Up" is a rhythmic pop-dance song that is uniquely translated by interpreting reggaeton in the style of SuperM. It expresses the ambition to capture the hearts of fans around the world and make them feel "one". "Dangerous Woman", the eleventh track of the album", again a trap hip-hop song, has an "impressive" reversal from the rich harmonies and ad-lip intro a cappella to a completely different atmosphere. Its lyrics convey the feelings of a man who fell in love with a woman with the fatal charms of both extremes. It is followed by "Step Up" is a song with witty lyrics that express one's desire to take one step further. The fourteenth track "So Long" is a slow jam number that describes the feelings of a man who claims to be a villain by informing about a heartbreaking breakup for the other person. The final track "With You" is described as an up-tempo electropop song that stands out with a rhythmic cut-out guitar. The lyrics express the desire of wanting to be with your loved ones are also directed to the fans, and are characterized by an easy melody that can be enjoyed with the fans in performances.
Reception
Super One received generally positive reviews from critics. Tamar Herman from The Recording Academy opined that the album, which came out during the global COVID-19 pandemic, "spends its length motivating listeners through a freewheeling medley of energetic, vibrant electro-pop anthems and mellowing out to offer up lackadaisical, breezy moments on hopeful tracks". Vandana Pawa from Teen Vogue described Super One as "a monster of a debut full-length album that takes a jaunt through a new era of music and brings the group to the next level".
Commercial performance
Super One debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with 104,000 album-equivalent units (of which 101,000 were in album sales), becoming the group's second top three entry on the chart.<ref>{{Cite magazine|title=Machine Gun Kelly Earns First No. 1 Album on Billboard 200 Chart With 'Tickets to My Downfall|url=https://www.billboard.com/articles/business/chart-beat/9460063/machine-gun-kelly-tickets-to-my-downfall-number-one-billboard-200|access-date=2020-10-11|magazine=Billboard|language=en}}</ref> Additionally, the album earned the top spot on the Billboard World Albums Chart, making it the group second chart-topper after their debut EP SuperM. SuperM also achieved their first number one on the Billboard Independent Albums Chart.
In Japan, SuperM claimed the number one spot in five major charts on Line Music. Shortly after its release, Super One'' topped the realtime/daily Line Music Album Chart. The title song "One (Monster & Infinity)" also topped the realtime/daily Line Music Song Chart as well as the daily Line Music K-Pop Chart. "One (Monster & Infinity)" earned the group's its third number one song on the Line Music chart this year, after "100" and "Tiger Inside".
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal and Naver.
Baekhyun – vocals
Taemin – vocals
Kai – vocals
Taeyong – vocals , lyricist
Ten – vocals
Lucas – vocals
Mark – vocals , lyricist , composer
Lee Soo-manproducer
Kenzie – production , lyricist , composer , programming
Moonshine – production , programming
Adrian McKinnon – composer , lyricist
Wilbart "Vedo" McCoy III – composer , lyricist
Bobii Lewis – composer , lyricist
Jonatan Gusmark – composer
Ludvig Evers – composer
Lee Min-kyu – engineer , mixing
Jeong Yoo-ra – engineer
Kwon Nam-woo – mastering engineer
Jung Eui-seok – mixing
Kang Eun-ji – recording engineer
Lee Ji-hong – recording engineer , mixing
No Min-ji – recording engineer
Bram Inscore – production, composer, programming
Jake Torrey – production, composer
Sam Farrar – production, composer
Evan Magee – composer
Seo Hye-ri – lyricist
Mok Ji-min – lyricist
Ron – lyricist
Seo-ro – lyricist
Kwon Eugene – engineer
Jin Namkoong – mixing
Mich Hansen (Cutfather) – production, composer, programming
Daniel Davidsen (PhD) – production, composer, programming
Andrew James Bullimore – composer, lyricist
James Norton – composer, lyricist
Jeremy "Tay" Jasper – composer , lyricist
Peter Wallevik – composer
Harold "Alawn" Philippon – production, composer, programming
Andy Love – production, composer, lyricist, programming
Yoo Young-jin – production, composer, lyricist, mixing, programming
Ryan S. Jhun – composer
Jasmine Kara Khatib-Nia – composer
Cheon Hoon – mastering engineer
Alexander Magnus Karlsson – composer
Hwang Yoo-bin – lyricist
Min Sungsu – engineer
Andreas Öberg – production, composer, lyricist, programming
Christoffer Semelius – production, composer, lyricist, programming
Carl Lehmann – production, composer, programming
Samuel Preston – production, composer, programming
Sylvester Willy Sivertsen – production, composer, programming
Lee Seu-ran – lyricist
Jang Wooyoung – engineer
LDN Noise – production, programming
Greg Bonnick – composer
Hayden Chapman – composer
Kenyon Moore – composer
Jo Yoon-kyung – lyricist
Zachary Chicoine – composer
Kim Chul-soon – mixing
Daniel "Obi" Klein – production, composer, programming
Charli Taft – composer
Cheon Song-yi – lyricist
Jakob Mihoubi – composer
Rudi Daouk – composer
Danke – lyricist
Lee Hee-joo – composer
Jeffrey Twumasi – composer
Maegan Cottone – composer
Stephan Benson – composer
Park Wu-hyun – composer
On Seung-yun – engineer
Noday – composer
Alyssa Ichinose – production, composer
Carlyle Fernandes – production, composer, programming
Benjamin Roberts – production, composer, programming
Gaelen Whittemore – production, composer, programming
Jonny West – lyricist
Victor Manzano – production, composer, programming
Maxx Song – engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales figures
Release history
See also
List of K-pop albums on the Billboard charts
List of K-pop songs on the Billboard charts
References
SuperM albums
2020 albums
Korean-language albums
SM Entertainment albums
Capitol Records albums
Caroline Records albums
IRiver albums
Albums produced by Lee Soo-man
The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) is a number, usually unique, to identify 3GPP and iDEN mobile phones, as well as some satellite phones. It is usually found printed inside the battery compartment of the phone but can also be displayed on-screen on most phones by entering *#06# MMI Supplementary Service code on the dialpad, or alongside other system information in the settings menu on smartphone operating systems.
GSM networks use the IMEI number to identify valid devices, and can stop a stolen phone from accessing the network. For example, if a mobile phone is stolen, the owner can have their network provider use the IMEI number to blacklist the phone. This renders the phone useless on that network and sometimes other networks, even if the thief changes the phone's subscriber identity module (SIM).
Devices without a SIM card slot usually don't have the IMEI code. However, the IMEI only identifies the device and has no particular relationship to the subscriber. The phone identifies the subscriber by transmitting the International mobile subscriber identity (IMSI) number, which it stores on a SIM card that can, in theory, be transferred to any handset. However, the network's ability to know a subscriber's current, individual device enables many network and security features.
IMEI and the law
Many countries have acknowledged the use of the IMEI in reducing the effect of mobile phone thefts. For example, in the United Kingdom, under the Mobile Telephones (Re-programming) Act, changing the IMEI of a phone, or possessing equipment that can change it, is considered an offence under some circumstances.
A bill was introduced in the United States by Senator Chuck Schumer in 2012 that would have made the changing of an IMEI illegal, but the bill was not enacted.
IMEI blocking is not the only way to fight phone theft. Instead, mobile operators are encouraged to take measures such as immediate suspension of service and replacement of SIM cards in case of loss or theft.
The existence of a formally allocated IMEI number range for a GSM terminal does not mean that the terminal is approved or complies with regulatory requirements. The linkage between regulatory approval and IMEI allocation was removed in April 2000, with the introduction of the European R&TTE Directive. Since that date, IMEIs have been allocated by BABT (or one of several other regional administrators acting on behalf of the GSM Association) to legitimate GSM terminal manufacturers without the need to provide evidence of approval.
Blocklists of stolen devices
When someone has their mobile equipment stolen or lost, they can ask their service provider to block the phone from their network, and the operator does so if required by law. If the local operator maintains an Equipment Identity Register (EIR), it adds the device IMEI to it. Optionally, it also adds the IMEI to shared registries, such as the Central Equipment Identity Register (CEIR), which blocklists the device with other operators that use the CEIR. This blocklisting makes the device unusable on any operator that uses the CEIR, which makes mobile equipment theft pointless, except for parts.
To make blocklisting effective, the IMEI number is supposed to be difficult to change. However, a phone's IMEI may be easy to change with special tools. In addition, IMEI is an un-authenticated mobile identifier (as opposed to IMSI, which is routinely authenticated by home and serving mobile networks.) Using a spoofed IMEI can thwart some efforts to track handsets, or target handsets for lawful intercept.
Australia was the first nation to implement IMEI blocking across all GSM networks, in 2003. In Australia the Electronic Information Exchange (EIE) Administration Node provides a blocked IMEI lookup service for Australian customers.
In the UK, a voluntary charter operated by the mobile networks ensures that any operator's blocklisting of a handset is communicated to the CEIR and subsequently to all other networks. This ensures that the handset is quickly unusable for calls, at most within 48 hours.
Some UK Police forces, including the Metropolitan Police Service, actively check IMEI numbers of phones found involved in crime.
In New Zealand the NZ Telecommunications Forum Inc provides a blocked IMEI lookup service for New Zealand consumers. The service allows up to three lookups per day and checks against a database that is updated daily by the three major mobile network operators. A blocked IMEI cannot be connected to any of these three operators.
In Latvia the SIA "Datorikas institūts DIVI" provides a blocked IMEI lookup service for checks against a database that is updated by all major mobile network operators in Latvia.
In some countries, such blocklisting is not customary. In 2012, major network companies in the United States, under government pressure, committed to introducing a blocklisting service, but it's not clear whether it will interoperate with the CEIR. GSM carriers AT&T and T-Mobile began blocking newly reported IMEIs in November 2012. Thefts reported prior to November 2012 were not added to the database. The CTIA refers users to websites at www.stolenphonechecker.org and the GSMA where consumers can check whether a smartphone has been reported as lost or stolen to its member carriers. The relationship between the former and any national or international IMEI blocklists is unclear.
It is unclear whether local barring of IMEI has any positive effect, as it may result in international smuggling of stolen phones.
Limitations
IMEIs can sometimes be removed from a blocklist, depending on local arrangements. This would typically include quoting a password chosen at the time of blocklisting.
Law enforcement and intelligence use
Law enforcement and intelligence services can use an IMEI number as input for tracking devices that are able to locate a cell phone with an accuracy of a few meters. Saudi Arabian government agencies have reportedly used IMEI numbers retrieved from cell phone packaging to locate and detain women who fled Saudi Arabia's patriarchal society in other countries.
Allowlists
Some countries use allowlists instead of blocklists for IMEI numbers, so that any mobile phone needs to be legally registered in the country in order to be able to access mobile networks of the country, with possible exceptions for international roaming and a grace period for registering; including Chile, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Colombia, and Nepal; with countries including Cambodia, Ecuador, Indonesia, Iran, Pakistan, Thailand, and Lebanon also having some form of required IMEI registering.
Structure of the IMEI and IMEISV (IMEI software version)
The IMEI (15 decimal digits: 14 digits plus a check digit) or IMEISV (16 decimal digits: 14 digits plus two software version digits) includes information on the origin, model, and serial number of the device. The structure of the IMEI/SV is specified in 3GPP TS 23.003. The model and origin comprise the initial 8-digit portion of the IMEI/SV, known as the Type Allocation Code (TAC). The remainder of the IMEI is manufacturer-defined, with a Luhn check digit at the end. For the IMEI format prior to 2003, the GSMA guideline was to have this Check Digit always transmitted to the network as zero. This guideline seems to have disappeared for the format valid from 2003 onwards.
, the format of the IMEI is AA-BBBBBB-CCCCCC-D, although it may not always be displayed this way. The IMEISV does not have the Luhn check digit but instead has two digits for the Software Version Number (SVN), making the format AA-BBBBBB-CCCCCC-EE
Prior to 2002, the TAC was six digits and followed by a two-digit Final Assembly Code (FAC), which was a manufacturer-specific code indicating the location of the device's construction.
From January 1, 2003 until April 1, 2004, the FAC for all phones was 00.
After April 1, 2004, the Final Assembly Code ceased to exist and the Type Allocation Code increased to eight digits in length.
In any of the above cases, the first two digits of the TAC are the Reporting Body Identifier, which identifies the GSMA-approved group that allocated the TAC. The RBI numbers are allocated by the Global Decimal Administrator. IMEI numbers being decimal helps distinguish them from an MEID, which is hexadecimal and always has 0xA0 or larger as the first two hexadecimal digits.
For example, the old style IMEI code 35-209900-176148-1 or IMEISV code 35-209900-176148-23 tells us the following:
TAC: 35-2099 - issued by the BABT (code 35) with the allocation number 2099
FAC: 00 - indicating the phone was made during the transition period when FACs were being removed.
SNR: 176148 - uniquely identifying a unit of this model
CD: 1 so it is a GSM Phase 2 or higher
SVN: 23 - The "software version number" identifying the revision of the software installed on the phone. 99 is reserved.
By contrast, the new style IMEI code 49-015420-323751-8 has an 8-digit TAC of 49-015420.
The new CDMA Mobile Equipment Identifier (MEID) uses the same basic format as the IMEI.
Check digit computation
The last number of the IMEI is a check digit, calculated using the Luhn algorithm, as defined in the IMEI Allocation and Approval Guidelines:
The Check Digit shall be calculated according to Luhn formula (ISO/IEC 7812). (See GSM 02.16 / 3GPP 22.016). The Check Digit is a function of all other digits in the IMEI. The Software Version Number (SVN) of a mobile is not included in the calculation.
The purpose of the Check Digit is to help guard against the possibility of incorrect entries to the CEIR and EIR equipment.
The presentation of the Check Digit both electronically and in printed form on the label and packaging is very important. Logistics (using bar-code reader) and EIR/CEIR administration cannot use the Check Digit unless it is printed outside of the packaging, and on the ME IMEI/Type Accreditation label.
The check digit is not transmitted over the radio interface, nor is it stored in the EIR database at any point. Therefore, all references to the last three or six digits of an IMEI refer to the actual IMEI number, to which the check digit does not belong.
The check digit is validated in three steps:
Starting from the right, double every other digit (e.g., 7 → 14).
Sum the digits (e.g., 14 → 1 + 4).
Check if the sum is divisible by 10.
Conversely, one can calculate the IMEI by choosing the check digit that would give a sum divisible by 10. For the example IMEI 49015420323751?,
To make the sum divisible by 10, we set x = 8, so the complete IMEI becomes 490154203237518
Usage on satellite phone networks
The Broadband Global Area Network (BGAN), Iridium and Thuraya satellite phone networks all use IMEI numbers on their transceiver units as well as SIM cards in much the same way as GSM phones do. The Iridium 9601 modem relies solely on its IMEI number for identification and uses no SIM card; however, Iridium is a proprietary network and the device is incompatible with terrestrial GSM networks.
See also
International Mobile Subscriber Identity
Mobile Equipment Identifier
Mobile phone
SIM lock
References
External links
Check Detailed information about the IMEI Number
IMEI Blacklist checker
IMEI Number Decoder
Lost mobiles can be tracked even with IMEI Number altered
Mobile telecommunications
Checksum algorithms
Mobile telecommunications standards
Herlitzius is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Evelyn Herlitzius (born 1963), German opera singer
Bettina Herlitzius (born 1960), German politician
1,2-Bis(dichlorophosphino)ethane is an organophosphorus compound with the formula (CH2PCl2)2. A colorless liquid, it is a precursor to chelating diphosphines.
Synthesis and reactions
It is prepared by the reaction of ethylene, white phosphorus, and phosphorus trichloride:
3 C2H4 + 0.5 P4 + 4 PCl3 → 3 (CH2PCl2)2
The compound reacts with Grignard reagents and secondary amines to give chelating ligands. An often practiced use of this compound is the synthesis of 1,2-bis(dimethylphosphino)ethane.
Related compounds
1,2-Bis(dichlorophosphino)benzene
References
Phosphines
1,2-Ethanediyl compounds
Douglas Watt may refer to:
Douglas Watt (critic) (1914–2009), critic for the New York Daily News
Douglas Watt (politician) (1914–1985), politician in Manitoba, Canada
Douglas Watt (psychologist) (born 1950), American neuropsychologist
See also
Robert Watt (born 1945), also known as Robert Douglas Watt, Canadian museum curator
Willie Watt (footballer, born 1946), also known as William Douglas Watt, Scottish footballer
Ancestor is a science fiction thriller novel by American writer Scott Sigler. The novel was released in podcast format in 2006, with it also being released in print via Dragon Moon Press in 2007. Ancestor was later re-released by Crown Publishing in 2010.
Plot
Ancestor follows PJ Colding as he and his crew are tasked with transporting a team of scientists to a remote snow-covered landscape to finish their project: to recreate the ancestor of all humanity in order to provide life-saving organs that would be compatible with all people. As a snow storm threatens to trap them on the island, the scientists succeed beyond their wildest expectations. The result, however, might just bring humanity to extinction.
Reception
Critical reception for the 2010 re-release of Ancestor has been positive, with Nerdist writing "It's like Michael Crichton and Stephen King had a fabulous, bouncing baby". The Guardian criticized the prose and characterisation as "rudimentary" but praised the pacing and denouement. BookReporter also praised the novel, citing its characters as a highlight.
Of the 2009 print release, HorrorNews.net wrote "I can see how this format was appealing for the more imaginative podcast format – but avid readers who enjoy fast-paced and exciting sci-fi thrillers will be disappointed by the print version of this effort."
References
2007 American novels
2007 science fiction novels
American biopunk novels
American thriller novels
Novels by Scott Sigler
Pragati Vidya Mandir is a secondary board high school in Jagda, India, in the city of Rourkela. It is affiliated to Board of Secondary Education, Odisha.
References
Primary schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Odisha
Educational institutions established in 1979
1979 establishments in Orissa
Allahjegerd (, also Romanized as Allāhjegerd; also known as Alājegerd and Alījeh Gerd) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 24 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Rokometni klub Krim (), commonly referred to as RK Krim or simply Krim, currently named Krim Mercator due to sponsorship reasons, is a women's handball club from Ljubljana, Slovenia. Krim was founded in 1984 and has won the Slovenian Championship a record 27 times. The club has also won the EHF Champions League twice, in 2001 and 2003.
Honours
Domestic
Slovenian Championship
Winners (27): 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022
Slovenian Cup
Winners (27): 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022
Slovenian Supercup
Winners (7): 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022
International
EHF Champions League
Winners (2): 2001, 2003
Runners-up (3): 1999, 2004, 2006
EHF Champions Trophy
Winners (2): 2003, 2004
Runners-up (1): 2006
Arena
RK Krim play their home league games at Ogrevalna dvorana Stožice with a seating capacity for 700 spectators. For the Women's EHF Champions League matches, they use Arena Stožice.
Name: Ogrevalna dvorana Stožice
City: Ljubljana
Capacity: 700 spectators
Address: Vojkova cesta 100, 1000 Ljubljana
Name: Arena Stožice
City: Ljubljana
Capacity: 12,480 spectators
Address: Vojkova cesta 100, 1000 Ljubljana
Supporters
RK Krim supporters are called Krimovci.
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Goalkeepers
12 Bárbara Arenhart
16 Zala Miklič
61 Jovana Risović
Left wingers
2 Sanja Radosavljević
8 Ema Abina
99 Maja Svetik
Right wingers
4 Jovanka Radičević
71 Ema Marković
Line players
3 Manca Jurič
15 Valentina Klemenčič
19 Nataša Ljepoja
Left backs
5 Tjaša Stanko
14 Laura Cerovak
23 Betchaïdelle Ngombele
66 Aleksandra Rosiak
Central backs
7 Allison Pineau
9 Nina Žabjek
11 Daria Dmitrieva
Right backs
20 Alja Varagić
25 Barbara Lazović
48 Sára Kovářová
Staff members
Head coach: Dragan Adžić
Assistant coach: Jure Šterbucl
Team leader: Jaka Kravanja
Goalkeeping coach: Rolando Pušnik
Fitness coach: Marko Felja
Physiotherapist: Aldin Muharemović
Team doctor: Klemen Stražar
Video analyst: Matjaž Drolc
Source:
European matches
All results (home and away) list Krim's goal tally first.
Head coach history
Cveta Benet (1985–1991)
Marta Bon (1991–1994)
Andrej Kavčič (1994–1995)
Jiří Zerzáň (1995–1996)
Vinko Kandija (1996–2000)
Tone Tiselj (2000–2006)
Robert Beguš (2006–2007)
Bojan Čotar (2007–2008)
Marta Bon (2008–2011)
Tone Tiselj (2011–2014)
Marta Bon (2014–2016)
Uroš Bregar (2016–2021)
Nataliya Derepasko (2021–2022)
Dragan Adžić (2022–present)
References
External links
Official website
Handball clubs established in 1984
Slovenian handball clubs
Sports clubs in Ljubljana
1984 establishments in Slovenia
Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (1853–1922) was an English journalist and author.
Life
He was a son of the English publisher Henry Vizetelly, by his first marriage to Ellen Elizabeth Pollard. He was known as a war correspondent.
Ernest was present with his father at the Siege of Paris during the Franco-Prussian War and wrote a memoir of his experiences, My Days of Adventure: The Fall of France, 1870-71, which also contains an autobiographical introduction.
He edited some translations of Émile Zola's works that had previously been published by his father between 1884 and 1889, as well as producing his own translations.
When Zola fled France for England during the Dreyfus Affair in 1898, Vizetelly supported and advised Zola.
Works by Zola edited or translated by E.A. Vizetelly
Many of Ernest Vizetelly's translations of Zola were based on work done by anonymous translators who, each to some degree, expurgated the texts. Following the publication of the translation of La Terre, Vizetelly & Co. was prosecuted for obscenity by the National Vigilence Association, causing him to re-edit, rewrite, and further bowdlerize the English versions of the Rougon-Macquart series, and as such they are almost universally considered to be of inferior quality.
The Downfall, translated by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1893)
Doctor Pascal, translated by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1894)
Money, translated by Ernest A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1894)
The Ladies' Paradise, edited with an introduction by Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (London: Hutchinson & Co., 1895)
A Love Episode, translated with a preface by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Hutchinson & Co., 1895)
The Fat and the Thin, translated with an introduction by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1896)
The Dram Shop, edited with an introduction by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1897)
His Excellency, edited with a preface by Ernest A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1897)
The Fortune of the Rougons, edited with an introduction by Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1898)
Abbé Mouret's Transgression, edited with an introduction by Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1900)
The Conquest of Plassans, edited with an introduction by Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1900)
Germinal, edited with a preface by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1901)
The Joy of Life, edited with a preface by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1901)
His Masterpiece, edited with a preface by E. A. Vizetelly (London: Chatto & Windus, 1902)
The "Trois Villes" series: I, "Lourdes," II, "Rome," and III, "Paris," as translated by Ernest A. Vizetelly, is published in London by Chatto and Windus, in New York by the Macmillan Co.
"Fruitfulness" ("Fécondité"), translated by E. A. Vizetelly. London, Chatto; New York, Doubleday.
"Work" ("Travail"), translated by E. A. Vizetelly. London, Chatto.
"Truth" ("Vérité"), translated by E. A. Vizetelly. London, Chatto; New York, John Lane.
Notes
External links
1853 births
1922 deaths
English journalists
Translators of Émile Zola
Hospital Ayres de Menezes is the main hospital in the capital city of São Tomé in São Tomé and Príncipe. In 2009, a hemodialysis centre was installed with Portuguese aid. In late June 2017, a new CT scan facility was opened.
See also
List of buildings and structures in São Tomé and Príncipe
References
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in São Tomé
Medical and health organisations based in São Tomé and Príncipe
Hospitals in São Tomé and Príncipe
Christian Democratic and Flemish (, , CD&V) is a Flemish Christian-democratic political party in Belgium. The party has historical ties to both trade unionism (ACV) and trade associations (UNIZO) and the Farmer's League. Until 2001, the party was named the Christian People's Party (Christelijke Volkspartij, CVP).
It was traditionally the largest political party of Flanders, until it was overtaken by the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) in the 2010s. CD&V participated in most governments and has generally the largest number of mayors. Most Prime Ministers of Belgium and Ministers-President of Flanders have been CD&V politicians. Herman Van Rompuy, the president of the European Council from 2009 to 2014, is one of the leading politicians of CD&V.
CD&V is a member of the European People's Party (EPP) and Centrist Democrat International.
History
The history of the CD&V dates back to the 19th century. It originated in the 19th century Catholic Party. At the end of the century, the new fraction of Christian democrats shifted the focus of the party slightly to the left. In the interwar years the party was renamed Catholic Bloc. Then, the Christian Social Party (PSC-CVP) existed from 1945 until 1968. In 1968, the PSC-CVP was split into the French-speaking Christian Social Party (PSC, now Humanist Democratic Centre, cdH) and Flemish Christian People's Party (Christelijke Volkspartij CVP). In 2001 the CVP changed its name to the CD&V.
The party was almost continually in power from its establishment until 1999, with the exception of 1954–1958. In 1999, the Flemish Liberals and Democrats (VLD) became the largest party in Belgium, and formed a majority purple government of liberals, social democrats and greens. The same happened in the Flemish Government, but with the addition of Flemish nationalists. In 2003 CD&V again lost the federal elections which continued the federal centre-left coalition, but this time without the Greens.
In 2004, Flemish elections were held and the CD&V once more became the largest political party by representation in the Flemish Parliament. Yves Leterme became Flemish minister-president. After successful local elections in 2006, the party became the largest party in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives after the federal elections of 2007. The CD&V led the subsequent coalition talks, which repeatedly stalled (see 2007–2008 Belgian government formation). On the 20 March 2008, a new federal government was finally assembled, led by Yves Leterme. Kris Peeters subsequently became the next minister-president of Flanders. From 30 December 2008 till 25 November 2009, Herman Van Rompuy led his first cabinet before becoming the first permanent president of the European Council. Afterwards, Yves Leterme led his second government.
In June 2009, Flemish elections were held and the CD&V remained the largest party of Flanders. Kris Peeters stayed as Flemish minister-president. The party also remained the largest Flemish party in the European Parliament after the 2009 European elections.
In 2010, the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats (Open VLD) decided to step out of the federal coalition, consequently ending the government. The federal elections of 2010 resulted in a major loss of historic proportions for CD&V, largely due to votes lost to the Flemish-nationalist New Flemish Alliance. In the campaign, former prime minister Yves Leterme took a subtle step aside as frontrunner of the party. The president of the party, Marianne Thyssen, had pre-electorally stated that she was a candidate to become Prime Minister.
On 6 December 2011, the Di Rupo Government was formed, with the CD&V as the largest Flemish party.
During the local elections in 2012, CD&V managed to remain the largest Flemish party on the local level. It remained in the coalition of all five Flemish provinces and in three quarters of the municipalities. Almost half of these municipalities were subsequently led by CD&V mayors.
Ideology
CD&V follows the principle of Christian democracy and describes itself as a broad movement that bases its ideology on "solidarity and justice." It describes its core philosophy as ensuring socio-economic policies made by government create a good quality of life for Flemish citizens through investing in cultural education and maintaining the family unit. CD&V also supports stricter penalties for sexual crimes and opposes legalization of hard drugs. The party also supports reform of the Belgian state by giving visibility to Flemish voters and creating a unified police zone in Brussels.
Members holding notable public offices
European politics
Federal politics
Regional politics
Electoral results
Chamber of Representatives
Results for the Chamber of Representatives, in percentages for the Kingdom of Belgium. From 1971 tot 1999: CVP figures. 2003: CD&V figures. 2007: CD&V/N-VA figures. From 2010 onwards: CD&V figures.
Senate
Regional
Brussels Parliament
Flemish Parliament
Provincial
European Parliament
Presidents
CVP/PSC
1945–1947 Gilbert Mullie
1947–1949 Paul Willem Segers
1949–1959 Jef De Schuyffeleer
1959–1961 Fred Bertrand
1961–1963 Jozef De Saeger
1963–1968 Robert Vandekerckhove
CVP
1968–1972 Robert Vandekerckhove
1972–1979 Wilfried Martens
1979–1982 Leo Tindemans
1982–1988 Frank Swaelen
1988–1993 Herman Van Rompuy
1993–1996 Johan Van Hecke
1996–1999 Marc Van Peel
1999–2001 Stefaan De Clerck
CD&V
2001–2003 Stefaan De Clerck
2003–2004 Yves Leterme
2004–2007 Jo Vandeurzen
2007–2008 Etienne Schouppe
2008–2008 Wouter Beke
2008–2010 Marianne Thyssen
2010–2019 Wouter Beke
2019 Cindy Franssen & Griet Smaers (ad interim)
2019–2022 Joachim Coens
2022– Sammy Mahdi
Until 1968 this lists gives the president of the Flemish part of the unitary CVP/PSC.
The party changed its name from CVP to CD&V on 29 September 2001.
See also
Christene Volkspartij
Graves de communi re
Notes
References
Th. Luykx and M. Platel, Politieke geschiedenis van België, 2 vol., Kluwer, 1985
W. Dewachter, Tussen staat en maatschappij, 1945–1995, christendemocratie in België, Tielt, 1995.
E. Witte, J. Craeybeckx en A. Meynen, Politieke geschiedenis van België, Standaard, 1997
Further reading
External links
Official website
CD&V page on the website of the European People's Party
Catholic political parties
Flemish political parties in Belgium
Christian democratic parties in Europe
Political parties established in 1968
1968 establishments in Belgium
Member parties of the European People's Party
Ypsolopha sublucella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from California, United States.
The larvae feed on oaks of the section Protobalanus (intermediate oaks), including Quercus vaccinifolia.
References
Ypsolophidae
Endemic fauna of California
Moths of North America
Fauna of the California chaparral and woodlands
Fauna of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Fauna without expected TNC conservation status
Never summer may refer to:
Never Summer Snowboard Company
Never Summer Mountains
Asterina hoensonae is a species of pentagonal starfish in the family Asterinidae. The holotype was collected at Cape Agulhas, South Africa.
Etymology
The specific epithet "hoensonae" refers to Elizabeth Hoenson of the South Africa Museum who "went to considerable lengths to make available essential loans for this work".
References
Asterinidae
Starfishes described in 2009
Altes Stadthaus may refer to:
Altes Stadthaus, Berlin
Altes Stadthaus, Bonn
Altes Stadthaus, Dortmund
John Robert Cunningham, , (January 5, 1927 – January 4, 2020) was a Canadian medical physicist noted for his contributions in the development of computerized radiation treatment planning dose calculations in radiation therapy.
Early life and education
Cunningham, known as Jack, received his B.Eng. in Engineering Physics (1950) and M.Sc. in Radiation Physics (1951) from the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon. In 1955 he completed his Ph.D. from the University of Toronto in Physics. After working for the Canada's Defense Research Board, he became a staff Medical Physicist at Toronto's Ontario Cancer Institute / Princess Margaret Cancer Centre in 1958.
Career
During his medical physics career, Cunningham published over 70 peer-reviewed papers, book chapters, and conference proceedings, and is widely known for co-authoring The Physics of Radiology (1953) with Dr. Harold E. Johns. The final fourth edition (1983) remains a staple in medical physics education for medical physicists, technologists, and physicians. He is a pioneer in developing computational techniques for calculating absorbed dose from radiation beams, and computer software and algorithms he developed continue to be used in both commercial and open source treatment planning systems. Upon retirement from clinical medical physics in 1989, Cunningham became a consultant with Theratronics/MDS Nordion (Kanata, Ontario) until 1998 when he moved to Camrose Alberta.
Teaching
He was an Adjunct Professor at the University of Alberta in Edmonton and regularly lectured at the Cross Cancer Institute in the Department of Medical Physics until 2018. He and his wife Sheila lived in Calgary, Alberta, until his death on January 4, 2020, one day before his 93rd birthday.
Awards and recognition
In 1988 he was awarded the highest award given by the American Association of Physicists in Medicine, the William D. Coolidge Award for his contributions to the field. In 2005, Cunningham was inducted as an Officer of the Order of Canada. In 2006, he received the Canadian Organization of Medical Physicists Gold Medal Award for "outstanding contribution[s] to the field of medical physics in Canada".
References
Canadian medical researchers
Officers of the Order of Canada
1927 births
2020 deaths
Canadian physicists
University of Saskatchewan alumni
University of Toronto faculty
Medical physicists
Larraya is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 55.
Geography
Larraya is located 11km west-southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Panam Ningthou () is a God in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the protector of crops, especially paddy from hailstorm and thunder. According to legends, He ignited fire for the first time by rubbing flints. He is one of the Umang Lai deities.
History
God Panam Ningthou has his major cult center in Andro village. The Andro village in Imphal East district of present day Manipur is an ancient village. People of this village worship fire that is kept burning from the time of Poireiton Khunthokpa (34 BC-18 BC). The fire is kept in the Chakpa Panam Ningthou Meihoupirol (lit. Panam Ningthou sacred burning fireplace).
According to R. Constantine, the fire burning in Andro is the oldest man-made fire in India. It has been burning without break for centuries.
Description
According to Thomas Callan Hodson (T.C. Hodson), Panam Ningthou is a rain and weather God of the Meitei people of Manipur. He recorded his description in his monograph "The Meitheis" published in 1908.
Mythology
When it was one or two days before the Lai Haraoba festival of God Lainingthou Panam Ningthou begins, the God came to his temple in the form of a ball of light. He came flying from the east. He landed at a part of the Nongmaiching Hill. Sometimes, some people of Andro claimed to see that ball of light, even at other times of the year.
God Lainingthou Panam Ningthou has a wife named Leimaren Sanarik Chaning Khombi. Some people believed that she might be of Burmese origin, though it's not certain. So, the God went to Burma () to meet her from time to time.
Festival and worship
God Panam Ningthou is mainly worshipped by the people of Loi caste of Meitei ethnicity in Manipur. He has his major cult center in Andro village of Imphal East district of Manipur.
Shakespeare noted that the Loi people regarded God Panam Ningthou as a special deity of the Meitei king. He further noted that the King himself provided sacrificial animals to the God. Buffalo was one among the sacrificial animals used to be sacrificed during the Lai Haraoba festival. Pigs were sacrificed when there was no Lai Haraoba festival. Whenever there was any suspicion of danger to the Meitei king, the King would send a pig and a cock to be sacrificed to God Panam Ningthou of Andro.
The Chakpa Haraoba (one of the 4 types of Lai Haraoba festival) is annually celebrated in honor of God Panam Ningthou. The festive occasion falls in the Meitei lunar month of Lamta (March-April interface month). The festival starts from the first Sunday of the Lamta month.
During the 9 day long festival, no outsiders of Andro are allowed to stay at the village. In modern times, notice is issued one month before the festival begins through mass media like television, newspaper and radio. The notice informs outsiders to leave the place as it is about to begin the festival. Natives of Andro may come to Andro before the festival starts. Once the festival begins, no one is allowed to either leave from or come to the village. People who have converted into another religion are not allowed to participate in the religious festival even if they are native of Andro. There are some Christian converts and Hindu converts in Andro.
During the festival, people of Andro village wear black clothes as a custom. Besides Panam Ningthou, there are twelve other deities worshipped in Andro. During the Lai Haraoba festivals of these deities, outsiders of Andro can witness the event. The festivals in their honor are done separately from that of Panam Ningthou. But the festival of Pureiromba can be done together with that of Panam Ningthou. At this too, outsiders can witness the event but the place of worship is different from the exclusive one of Panam Ningthou.
During the Haraoba of Panam Ningthou, there is no shortage of meat and wine. Boys and girls play important role in the festival.
Temple
The Temple of Panam Ningthou is in Andro, Imphal East, Manipur. It is also the Loishang (English: Office) to the representatives of the panas (English: State Divisions). Sacred items are kept inside the temple. One house each for two Panas was constructed near the Loishang. Two dormitories for boys and girls are also built.
The sanctum of God Lainingthou Panam Ningthou and Goddess Leimaren Sanarik Chaning Khombi are located in the right side corner and the left side corner respectively as one enters the room.
Association with other gods
According to the Thalon text, Panam Ningthou was one of the 5 gods of 5 different places of the Selloi Langmai Hill. The cults of these five gods were integrated into that of a single God with the name "Langmai Ningthou" (lit. King of the Langmais). The personal names became the aliases or various forms of the God. With this, the tribal society of the Selloi Langmai people evolved into a chiefdom. This chiefdom later rose to the Angom clan.
Namesake
Panam Ningthou Semba
There is a real servant class named Panam Ningthou Semba. It takes care of the articles (things) related to polo () for the Meitei royalty. There are seven grades of officers in this group. The grades are (1) Sellungba Ahal, (2) Sellungba Naha, (3) Pakhan-lakpa, (4) Naharakpa, (5) Yaphi Ahal, (6) Yaphi Naha and (7) Sennakhal.
Gallery
References
External links
INTERNET ARCHIVE, Panam Ningthou
E-PAO, Panam Ningthou
Abundance gods
Agricultural gods
Arts gods
Crafts gods
Creator gods
Domestic and hearth gods
Earth gods
Fertility gods
Fire gods
Food gods
Fortune gods
Harvest gods
Health gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Life-death-rebirth gods
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace gods
Savior gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
Tutelary gods
Starokuruchevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 1,478 as of 2010. There are 20 streets.
Geography
Starokuruchevo is located 21 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kilkabyzovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Saltuarius swaini, also known as the southern leaf-tailed gecko or Border Ranges leaf-tailed gecko is endemic to Australia. where it is found in coastal mountain ranges of southeastern Queensland and northern New South Wales.
It inhabits rainforests and lives inside large tree root systems and hollows of strangler figs.
Camouflage
When threatened or caught geckos can drop their tail to confuse predators. Eventually a new tail will be regenerated, although only the original tail will have the tubercules and matching colour and pattern to the torso; new tails will be very different in both colour and pattern. Southern leaf tailed geckos are a light to dark brown colour with darker patterns.
Life cycle
Female southern leaf-tailed geckos usually lay one or two soft-shelled eggs in late spring. These eggs are up to 28 mm in length. The eggs are buried in moist soil or leaf litter to prevent their drying out. Left to develop unattended, 3 months later the offspring hatch and begin fending for themselves, catching insects within only a few days of birth. They take up to two years to fully mature and then can survive for up to eight more years.
Diet
The southern leaf-tailed gecko eats mostly insects.
References
Geckos of Australia
Saltuarius
Reptiles described in 1985
Taxa named by Richard Walter Wells
Taxa named by Cliff Ross Wellington
The 2020 Georgia Southern Eagles baseball team represented Georgia Southern Eagles in the 2020 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Eagles played their home games at J. I. Clements Stadium and were led by twentieth year head coach Rodney Hennon.
On March 12, the Sun Belt Conference announced the indefinite suspension of all spring athletics, including baseball, due to the increasing risk of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Preseason
Signing Day Recruits
Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll
The Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll was released sometime on January 30, 2020 and the Eagles were picked to finish third in the East Division and sixth overall in the conference.
Preseason All-Sun Belt Team & Honors
Drake Nightengale (USA, Sr, Pitcher)
Zach McCambley (CCU, Jr, Pitcher)
Levi Thomas (TROY, Jr, Pitcher)
Andrew Papp (APP, Sr, Pitcher)
Jack Jumper (ARST, Sr, Pitcher)
Kale Emshoff (LR, RS-Jr, Catcher)
Kaleb DeLatorre (USA, Sr, First Base)
Luke Drumheller (APP, So, Second Base)
Hayden Cantrelle (LA, Jr, Shortstop)
Garrett Scott (LR, RS-Sr, Third Base)
Mason McWhorter (GASO, Sr, Outfielder)
Ethan Wilson (USA, So, Outfielder)
Rigsby Mosley (TROY, Jr, Outfielder)
Will Hollis (TXST, Sr, Designated Hitter)
Andrew Beesley (ULM, Sr, Utility)
Personnel
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule and results
Schedule Source:
*Rankings are based on the team's current ranking in the D1Baseball poll.
References
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles baseball seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles baseball
Lavinia Dugan Smith (29 July 1871 – 3 August 1944) was a teacher and museum founder in East Hendred, Oxfordshire.
Early life in America
Lavinia Dugan Smith was born on 29 July 1871 in Portsmouth, Ohio, USA. Her parents were Daniel Smith and Alice Smith (née Gallagher). Daniel Smith was born in Bavaria, Germany in 1843 and both his parents John A Smith and Elizabeth Smith were born in Bavaria. Daniel Smith, his parents and his three elder brothers emigrated to the USA when Daniel was around 5 years old.
Smith's sister Frances Elizabeth Smith was born on 27 November 1873 in Portsmouth, Ohio.
Smith was educated in Portsmouth schools, and according to her obituary she studied at the Episcopal School for Girls in Gambier, Ohio. In 1890 she enrolled at Wellesley College, Wellesey, Massachusetts, USA. She graduated with a BA in 1894. Smith was as associate art editor of the senior class year book in 1894, the Legenda, and member of the Shakespeare Society.
From 1894 to 1898 she taught at Bishop Hopkins Hall, Burlington, Vermont. This Episcopal foundation had a Girls school which ran for just over a decade from 1888 to 1900, closing due to financial difficulties.
From 1898 to 1900 Lavinia taught at Harcourt Place Seminary in Gambier, Ohio. The Harcourt Place Seminary for Young Ladies and Girls was a boarding school for girls. Harcourt Place Seminary has strong links to Wellesley College, through its faculty members and students going on to the College.
Life in the United Kingdom
Around 1905 Smith moved to England, where she lived for 40 years. In 1906 Smith gained a Lambeth Diploma of Student in Theology awarded by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Smith was one of the first women to gain the qualification that enabled women to study theology, mainly so that they could teach religious education in schools and churches.
In 1907 Smith became a member of the Community of St Mary the Virgin, Wantage. In 1911 she was working for the Community as a teacher at St Dunstan's Abbey school in Plymouth, as a Sister in religion. The Anglican convent of St Dunstan's Abbey operated by the Sisters of the Holy Trinity closed in 1906 but in 1907 the property was transferred to the Community of St Mary the Virgin at Wantage, who continued to run St Dunstan's Abbey School for Girls.
In 1910 she was awarded a Diploma at Oxford in Theory, History and Practice in Education. In the 1910s Smith also taught in other schools of the Community of St Mary the Virgin, including St Helens School for Girls, Abingdon-on-Thames.
In around 1920 Smith moved to Downside, a Tudor house, Newbury Road, East Hendred, leaving the Community of St Mary the Virgin. In May 1922 Smith's sister Frances applied for a passport to go on holiday to Europe and visit her sister in England, and possibly to take up residence in England.
Between 1928–1931 Smith worked as Private Secretary to the Bishop of Gloucester, Arthur Cayley Headlam. She coached students in Latin and Greek for entrance exams at Oxford University.
East Hendred Museum
Smith collected objects to form a museum of agricultural and village antiquities illustrating old English village life. She opened her museum on Whit Sunday in 1933. She welcomed school children as visitors. She kept records of the collection and who donated the items.
Later life
In the 1930s and 1940s Smith continued to live at Downside, with her sister Frances, and friends. In around 1941-1942 Smith had a bad stroke, but recovered.
Smith was keen to move to St John's Home, an independent residential care for the elderly, in Oxford run by the All Saints Sisters of the Poor. She was on a two week respite at St John's Home when she had a stroke from which she did not regain consciousness. She died on 3 August 1944. She was 74.
She left her home and possessions to Miss Dorothy May Lyddon Rippon, an old friend and pupil, who entrusted the village museum objects to the Berkshire Education Committee. In February 1951 the Berkshire Education Committee transferred the objects and archives to the Museum of English Rural Life. Smith wished that the collection didn't leave Berkshire, and that the collection was kept together. Although due to county boundary changes in 1974 the village of East Hendred moved into Oxfordshire.
The Champs Chapel Museum of East Hendred has archives for Lavinia Smith.
References
1871 births
1944 deaths
Directors of museums in the United Kingdom
Humphrey Ocean (born 22 June 1951) is a contemporary British painter.
Early life
Humphrey Ocean was born Humphrey Anthony Erdeswick Butler-Bowdon, on 22 June 1951 in Sussex, England. He went to Ampleforth College and in 1967 went to Tunbridge Wells School of Art for two years, going on to do a Foundation Course at Brighton College of Art and DipAD Painting at Canterbury College of Art.
It was at Canterbury that he was taught by Ian Dury, then a painter. From 1971 he was a bass player with the band Kilburn and the High Roads formed at Canterbury with Dury. They opened for The Who on its Christmas tour in 1973, after which Ocean resigned from music with the notable exception of recording the single "Whoops-a-Daisy" written by Ian Dury and Russell Hardy, for Stiff Records in 1978.
Art
Ocean's earliest notable work as an artist was as a designer and pencil-artist for record album covers and sleeves; in particular, he contributed pencil drawings for the cover and lyric insert for 10cc's 1975 album The Original Soundtrack, and inner-sleeve art for Paul McCartney and Wings' 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound.
In 1983, Ocean painted Paul McCartney's portrait as part of the first prize in the 1982 Imperial Tobacco Portrait Award with his painting Lord Volvo and his Estate and the following year painted the poet Philip Larkin's portrait, also for the National Portrait Gallery, a work described by the novelist Nick Hornby as "unanswerable".
In 1988 Ocean travelled to Northern Brazil with the American anthropologist Stephen Nugent, a lecturer at the University of London, eager to expose colonial caricatures of the region. Their subsequent book, Big Mouth: The Amazon Speaks, was published by Fourth Estate (HarperCollins) in 1990, and features evocative illustrations of Brazil. In 1999 the National Maritime Museum commissioned Ocean to paint a picture of modern maritime Britain. Throughout the 1990s and the early years of the twenty-first century, Ocean's paintings were exhibited in many of the leading museums in the United Kingdom.
In 2002, Ocean was Artist-in-Residence at the Dulwich Picture Gallery, culminating in how's my driving, an exhibition linking 17th-century Dutch genre paintings with south London suburbia. That year he was awarded an honorary fellowship by Canterbury College of Art where he had been a student between 1970-1973. In 2009 he worked on an Artangel project Life Class: Today's Nude directed by Alan Kane, shown on Channel 4 television. He also painted Catherine Hughes in her role as principal of Somerville College, Oxford.
A handbook of modern life
Ocean came to prominence with his exhibition A handbook of modern life (2012–13) at the National Portrait Gallery London curated by Rosie Broadley who wrote:
"Working swiftly in gouache on large sheets of paper in his studio, Ocean paints his sitters, including family members, friends and professional acquaintances, in simple forms and bold colours. The project has an obsessive character that is compelling and, when seen together, the portraits are an exuberant display of the artist's love of painting, colour and people. The sitters have shared the experience of sitting for a portrait, but Ocean has illuminated something unique about each person-how they tilt their head or how they wear their shirt - with an immediacy that tethers the image to the day they visited the studio."
Etching
In addition to his portrait of Philip Larkin, he is perhaps best known for his iconic etching, Black Love Chair, which appeared on the cover of Paul McCartney's 2007 album Memory Almost Full. This is an image McCartney chose from the series of etchings begun in 2003 when Ocean was working with Maurice Payne in Miankoma Studio in Amagansett, Long Island.
Dot Books
In 2017 Ocean exhibited Dot Book 1 in Drawing Together at the Courtauld Gallery London curated by Dr Ketty Gottardo and Dr Ben Thomas who wrote:
"Humphrey Ocean's Dot Book also represents a type of artistic wayfaring, on a local scale, as it could be described as recording a notional trip to the supermarket where it becomes ‘impossible to get to Sainsbury's' because there are so many arresting motifs to discover along the way which prompt the thought ‘I like that and I want to tell somebody I saw that'. However, this is not a case of taking a line for a walk but of a series of vivid illuminations registered, as it were, at thirty miles an hour through the windscreen of a family estate car. The unremarkable objects, logos and snatched views of corners of suburbia collected together in this album of precise, crisply executed drawings are all 'perfectly ordinary' (to use the title of one of Ocean's exhibitions)."
Recent
Ocean was elected a Royal Academician in 2004. He was Royal Academy Professor of Perspective 2012 - 2020, a position once held by J. M. W. Turner.
In 2013 Lord Volvo and his Estate (1982) by Ocean was voted one of 57 of the nation's favourite paintings and appeared on billboards around Britain in Art Everywhere organised by the Art Fund. In 2014 he completed a portrait of Randy Lerner for the National Portrait Gallery. In the same year he advised on Turner's approach to perspective in Mike Leigh's film Mr Turner.
In 2015 he was made an Honorary Doctor by the University of Kent and in 2016 he was appointed a trustee of the Royal Drawing School. Ocean designed a road sign for his friend Margaret Calvert for the 50th Anniversary of the British Road Sign exhibition at the Design Museum (2015) and showed in books + papers (2015), "Wären Fluss und Meere Tinte..." (2017) and books + papers 2 (2019) at Christine Koenig Galerie, Vienna.
For the BBC, on Radio 4 he featured in Will Gompertz Gets Creative (2015), presented The Essay on Radio 3 on Impington Village College (2016) and Only Artists with Mark Alexander on Radio 4 (2018). In 2018 Ocean's solo exhibition I've No Idea Either of works on paper and sculpture was at Sims Reed Gallery London. In 2019 he had a solo exhibition Birds, Cars and Chairs in the Keeper's House at the Royal Academy of Arts. A 320 page full colour monograph of his work was published by the Royal Academy of Arts in autumn 2019. Simultaneously published by the RA is A Book of Birds by Humphrey Ocean. In 2020 he showed his painting Self in Me, Myself, I at Christine Koenig Galerie, Vienna. Fresh as Paint, Ocean's personal selection of objects and art from the school collections will be shown at Eton College in 2022.
Humphrey Ocean is married to artist Miranda Argyle and has two daughters, Ruby and Beatrice. He lives and works in south London.
Solo exhibitions
1984: Paul McCartney New Portrait by Humphrey Ocean And Pictures Made on the 1976 Wings Tour, National Portrait Gallery
1992: Double-Portrait, Tate Liverpool
1997: urbasuburba (with Jock McFadyen), the Whitworth Art Gallery, Manchester
1999: The Painter's Eye (with John Tchalenko), National Portrait Gallery, London
2003: how's my driving, Dulwich Picture Gallery
2006: How do you look (film with John Tchalenko), Hunterian Museum, Royal College of Surgeons of England
2009: Perfectly Ordinary, Sidney Cooper Gallery, Canterbury Christ Church University
2011: Here and There, Jesus College Cambridge
2012: A handbook of modern life, National Portrait Gallery, London
2018: I've No Idea Either, Sims Reed Gallery, London
2019: Birds, Cars and Chairs, Keeper's House, Royal Academy of Arts, London
2022: Fresh as Paint, Verey Gallery, Eton College
Public collections
British Council, London
Bruges-Zeebrugge Port Authority, Belgium
Christ Church, Oxford
Ferens Art Gallery, Hull
Fitzwilliam Museum Cambridge
Hertford College, Oxford
Imperial War Museum, London
National Maritime Museum, London
National Portrait Gallery, London
Pallant House Gallery, Chichester
Queen Mary College, London
Royal Academy of Arts, London
Royal Library, Windsor Castle
Royal Opera House, Covent Garden
Royal Society of Chemistry
Somerville College, Oxford
St Cross College, Oxford
St John's College, Cambridge
Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Edinburgh
South London Gallery
University of Birmingham
Victoria & Albert Museum, London
Whitworth Art Gallery, Manchester
Wolverhampton Art Gallery
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
People from Pulborough
English rock bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
Alumni of the University for the Creative Arts
Royal Academicians
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
Martin Humphrey Moynihan (5 February 1928 – 3 December 1996) was a behavioral evolutionary biologist and ornithologist who studied under Ernst Mayr and Niko Tinbergen, and was a contemporary of Desmond Morris. He was the founding director of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI) in Panama.
His early research was mainly on seagulls. Later work included the octopus, and Terence McKenna quotes Moynihan in his book Food of the Gods as saying, with respect to the octopus' ability to change its body's shape, texture and color, "Like the octopi, our destiny is to become what we think, to have our thoughts become our bodies and our bodies become our thoughts."
He was married to Olga F. Linares, a Panamanian-American anthropologist and STRI senior research scientist.
Moynihan died in Albi, France in 1996 of lung cancer, aged 68.
References
Further reading
External links
Martin H. Moynihan Papers, 1952–1996 from the Smithsonian Institution Archives
1928 births
1996 deaths
Evolutionary biologists
Ethologists
Princeton University alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Smithsonian Institution people
Deaths from lung cancer
American ornithologists
Horace Mann School alumni
20th-century American zoologists
Scientists from New York (state)
The Independent Honor Guard Battalion of the Ministry of Defence of Turkmenistan (; ) is the official ceremonial unit of the Armed Forces of Turkmenistan that serves as a guard of honour unit. The battalion guards the Independence Monument, the National Museum of Turkmenistan and the Presidential Palace in Ashgabat. The battalion was formed in 1992 as one of the first purely ceremonial units of the Turkmen Armed Forces. The battalion is composed of two infantry companies and also maintains a cavalry company. The Turkmen Internal Troops, Turkmen Border Troops, and Turkmen National Guard are separate from the battalion.
Role and history of activities
Ceremonial duties are usually served by the battalion:
State visits of foreign leaders visiting Turkmenistan (e.g. Presidents Hassan Rouhani and Ilham Aliyev)
Guarding the National Museum of Turkmenistan and the Independence Monument in Ashgabat.
Raise the national flag on special ceremonies
Receiving the new armed forces unit colors
Unveiling of monuments
A military band was created within the unit in 1992.
Independence Day
One of the first events the battalion took part in was the independence day military parade on Makhtumkuli Avenue in October 1992, serving as linemen for the parading troops. The battalion is the first contingent on Independence Square during the annual Independence Day Parade, during which it also performs a unique drill routine that sees it create shapes and figures such as a Map of Turkmenistan, the Akhal-Teke, and a figure of the number "27".
Victory Day 2010
The battalion took part in the annual Victory Day Parade in Moscow in May 2010, and with the Russian Government's permission, the commander of the battalion, Major Pygy Baýramdurdyýew, led the contingent on horseback, with the white Akhal-Teke horse being a descendant of the horse Marshal Georgy Zhukov rode on during the Moscow Victory Parade of 1945. President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov praised the level of training of the unit put in while in Moscow, saying that it will be "immortalized in modern history of Turkmenistan".
Victory Day Parade in Ashgabat
In 2020, the battalion took part in the first Victory Parade in Ashgabat, held at Halk Hakydasy Memorial Complex on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the war victory. The one of the color guards In the parade held the combat flag of the 748th Infantry Regiment, which was the unit Berdymuhammed Annayev (President Berdimuhamedov's grandfather) served in during the Great Patriotic War. The battalion received the flag at Ashgabat International Airport from a color guard from the Russian Armed Forces that was on a special Moscow-Ashgabat flight. They were transported by a special car to the site of the parade. The Victory Banner was also brought from Russia to be trooped on the square.
Victory Day 2020
During the 2020 Moscow Victory Day Parade, the Turkmen contingent from the battalion consisted of two color guards riding in two GAZ-M20 Pobeda cars brought in from the Turkmen capital. One guards carried the Flag of Turkmenistan and the other carried the combat flag of the 748th Infantry Regiment. After their appearance, the contingent were quarantined at a hospital in Turkmenabad due to COVID-19 restrictions.
Training
The honor guard trains by tightening a 500-grit sack of sand at the end of a 4kg carbine during an arms exercise, increasing the strength of the hands of the servicemen which allows them to easily control the carbines. Concrete products with the shape of a jar (500 gr) are used to instill handshakes that conform to the guard of honor. In addition, they are trained with a coarse-grained sandstone (700–750 gr) that is specially tied to their feet so that their marches are harmonious.
Uniform
The full dress uniform of the infantry unit is based on that of Russian honor guards and has a range of shades of green, the national color. The cavalry squadron wears more traditional clothing. Their uniform consists of fur hats and long quilted robes, as well harem pants that resemble loose trousers. In March 2015, Berdimuhamedov personally sampled the new dress uniform of the guard of honor and the equestrian escort after a meeting of the State Security Council of Turkmenistan.
Unit photos
See also
154th Preobrazhensky Independent Commandant's Regiment
Kyiv Presidential Honor Guard Battalion
Aibyn Presidential Regiment
References
Links
Turkmen Changing of the Guard
Members of the battalion during the 2010 Moscow Victory Day Parade
The battalion training at their barracks
Türkmen Esgeri – Türkmen Askeri – Turkmen Soldier / Garaşsyzlyk binasy nobat üýtgeşigi
Hormat Garawuly Batalýony RPK
Military units and formations of Turkmenistan
Military units and formations established in 1992
1992 establishments in Turkmenistan
Guards of honour
Faculty of Law, Göttingen University is the Faculty of Law of University of Göttingen in Göttingen, Niedersachsen, Germany. Established in 1737, the law faculty belongs to one of the four founding faculties of the university. It offers the Dipl.-Jur., LL.M. and Dr. jur. degrees in law. It also hosts visiting scholars and several legal research centers.
The leading German legal scholar Rudolf von Jhering taught here in the late 19th century. Otto von Bismarck, "Iron Chancellor" of the second German Empire once studied law here in Göttingen. The former German President Richard von Weizsäcker obtained his Dr.iur. at Göttingen in 1955. Chancellor Gerhard Schröder studied there later in the century and became a lawyer thereafter.
History
Throughout the 18th century the University of Göttingen was at the top of German universities for its extremely free spirit and atmosphere of scientific exploration and research. Napoleon had even studied law here and remarked that "Göttingen belongs to the whole Europe".
In the first years of the University of Göttingen it became famous for its faculty of law. In the 18th century Johann Stephan Pütter, the most prestigious scholar of public law at that time, taught jus publicum here for half a century, which had attracted a great number of students such as Klemens von Metternich, later diplomat and prime minister of Austria, and Wilhelm von Humboldt, who later set up the University of Berlin.
By 1837, when the university was a hundred years old, the University of Göttingen had earned its fame as "university of law" because almost every year the students enrolled by the faculty of law made up more than half of all the students on the campus. Göttingen became a mecca for the study of public law in Germany. Heinrich Heine, the famous German poet, studied law and was awarded Dr.iur.
However, political disturbances, in which both professors and students were implicated, lowered the attendance to 860 in 1834. The expulsion in 1837 of the famous seven professors – Die Göttingen Seven for protesting against the revocation by King Ernest Augustus of Hanover of the liberal constitution of 1833, further reduced the prosperity of the university.
Thereafter, Gustav Hugo, forerunner of the historical school of law, and Rudolf von Jhering, a most significant jurist who created the theory of "culpa in contraendo" and wrote Battle for Right, taught here in the 19th century and maintained the good reputation of the faculty of law. Otto von Bismarck, the main creator and first chancellor of the second German Empire, had also studied law in Göttingen in 1833 and lived in a tiny house on the "Wall" (according to oral tradition, he lived there because his rowdiness had caused him to be banned from living within the city walls), now known as "Bismarck Cottage".
Notable alumni
Student Journal
There is one student journal in the field of international law which is published online in English – Goettingen Journal of International Law.
References
External links
Faculty Website
Goettingen Journal of International Law
University of Göttingen
1737 establishments in Europe
Educational institutions established in 1737
Women is a 1978 novel written by Charles Bukowski, starring his semi-autobiographical character Henry Chinaski. In contrast to Factotum, Post Office and Ham on Rye, Women is centered on Chinaski's later life, as a celebrated poet and writer, not as a dead-end lowlife. It does, however, feature the same constant carousel of women with whom Chinaski only finds temporary fulfillment.
Plot
Characters
Introduction
Woman focuses on the many complications Chinaski faced with each new woman he encountered and had sexual relations with. When asked about his relationship to women, he said that they gave much more than he gave to the relationship, and this acts as a central foundation to the development of Chinaski as a character, especially in the beginning of the novel.
One of the first women featured in the book, who also recurred throughout the novel through random phonecalls and thoughts, is a character named Lydia Vance; she is based on Bukowski's one-time girlfriend, the sculptor and sometime poet Linda King. Chinaski's last face-to-face encounter with Lydia ended with her breaking into his house, destroying his paintings and books, and being arrested by police shortly afterwards; Chinaski refused to press charges, because Lydia had children she was struggling for custody for, and the charge would reflect negatively on that. But as soon as she was released, she called and threatened Chinaski again.
Women and More Women
After Lydia, there is an endless list of women that Chinaski goes through: Dee Dee (a successful Jewish music executive, "How the fatherland would've looked at us," he sarcastically sighed while with her), Tammie (an immature 20 year old woman and speed addict), Iris (an Indian-Canadian belly dancer met while giving a reading in Canada), Debra (a successful court documents company manager and paralegal), Laura (a Texas woman that Bukowski renamed "Katherine" because she looked like Katharine Hepburn), Sara (a health food nut who worked at a health food store), Cassie (rejected outright when Chinaski called and heard a man's voice respond), Tanya (a 23-year-old promiscuous mother, a 90-pound "tiny girl-child," and Chinaski's pen-pal), and Rochelle (the first and last woman he rejects in order to grow his final relationship, appearing only on the second to last page).
In fact, a number of characters are introduced by means of sending a letter to Chinaski admiring his work (usually with photo if successful) and wanting to meet him. A good number of other female characters (who are sexual with Chinaski) are friends or co-workers of his other partners or friends, such as Valerie, the girlfriend of his friend Bobby, an LA musician, and one of the subordinate clerks of Debra. Several of Chinaski's sex acts in this work, including anal sex with non-consenting partners who were drunk or unconscious, are vividly described in this book.
Developing Guilt Complex
At first, Chinaski slowly realizes that he is not beneficial to the women he is with when some of them ask him questions about this. This latent theme grows and grows, and it becomes the final plot, which revolves around a developing guilt complex as Chinaski is increasingly made aware of both how he has hurt these women and ultimately how he has pushed good women away from himself by his behavior. In excuse, he says he does this because he wasn't loved enough as a child and that he was insufficiently intimate with women in his 20's and 30's, having married a sexless woman who was 35 when he himself was only 25.
This is in contrast to his other slowly-diminishing feeling, the shameless feeling that he was once a "lowly" postal worker, now was "famous writer", and needed to celebrate this every instant with alcohol and many sexual partners, making up for lost time in his 20's and 30's. He mentions his former, postal co-workers, and how they would think of him, during a threesome with two women whose summed ages was less than his age.
Setting
Los Angeles is the backdrop to the work for the majority, except when he travels to New York, Canada, or elsewhere to give readings of his material. He constantly derides his own poor, unsafe neighborhood, the large amount of prostitution available (even when he is a client of these services), and the fact that "all American women wear pants." Political commentary on these conditions, though powerful, would only amount to a few paragraphs or few pages of the work.
Trivia
In the book, Chinaski's nickname is Hank, which was one of Bukowski's nicknames.
History
Chinaski and Tanya had a weekend tryst. The real-life counterpart to this character wrote a self-published chapbook about the affair entitled "Blowing My Hero" under the pseudonym Amber O'Neil. The washed-up folksinger "Dinky Summers" is based on Bob Lind.
Cover art
Bukowski himself drew the picture of the woman on the cover of the book. During the work, he does mention traveling to Paris France to meet a woman and learn painting, which probably influenced this piece.
Publication
The book was simultaneously published in Australia by Wild and Woolley, who bought a chunk of the first Black Sparrow Press print run.
Adaptation
As of 1996, there was a planned film adaptation of Women that apparently never materialized. The writer, producer, and production designer Polly Platt adapted the screenplay. Another attempt to turn Bukowski's novel into a film emerged in the 2010s; James Franco, Don Jon, and Voltage Pictures have been working with a new version scripted by Ethan Furman. It is not clear (as of May 2019) whether this project is creatively connected to the '90s version, and whether the film will be completed and distributed.
Influences
Throughout the novel, Chinaski is asked his favorite novelist many times. The first time he responds with Knut Hamsun, and later avers that he was deliberately misleading the questioner with a false answer, to see if the interviewer was smart enough to ask a followup (in which they failed). Elsewhere, he responds, "Fante." John Fante was a major influence on Bukowski. But at the end, Bukowski was able to recommend favorite authors at least four times, without finally concluding on any one as best of bests.
In 1980, he wrote the introduction for the reprint of Fante's 1939 novel Ask the Dust.
Also in Californication, the lead character Hank Moody (Hank was the nickname of Bukowski) is inspired from the story.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Woman Quotes
1978 American novels
Novels by Charles Bukowski
American autobiographical novels
Novels set in Los Angeles
ADI 3510 (April 29, 2008), is a landmark Brazil Supreme Court case. The minister relator Carlos Ayres Britto voted in favor of embryonic stem cell research (Biosecurity Law).
High Court decision
Judiciary representation
Legislative representation
Executive representation
See also
Stem cell laws
Stem cell research
Stem cell
References
Brazilian legislation
Stem cells
In finance, the yield spread or credit spread is the difference between the quoted rates of return on two different investments, usually of different credit qualities but similar maturities. It is often an indication of the risk premium for one investment product over another. The phrase is a compound of yield and spread.
The "yield spread of X over Y" is generally the annualized percentage yield to maturity (YTM) of financial instrument X minus the YTM of financial instrument Y.
There are several measures of yield spread relative to a benchmark yield curve, including interpolated spread (I-spread), zero-volatility spread (Z-spread), and option-adjusted spread (OAS).
It is also possible to define a yield spread between two different maturities of otherwise comparable bonds. For example, if a certain bond with 10-year maturity yields 8% and a comparable bond from the same issuer with 5-year maturity yields 5%, then the term premium between them may be quoted as 8% – 5% = 3%.
Yield spread analysis
Yield spread analysis involves comparing the yield, maturity, liquidity and creditworthiness of two instruments, or of one security relative to a benchmark, and tracking how particular patterns vary over time.
When yield spreads widen between bond categories with different credit ratings, all else equal, it implies that the market is factoring more risk of default on the lower-grade bonds. For example, if a risk-free 10-year Treasury note is currently yielding 5% while junk bonds with the same duration are averaging 7%, then the spread between Treasuries and junk bonds is 2%. If that spread widens to 4% (increasing the junk bond yield to 9%), then the market is forecasting a greater risk of default, probably because of weaker economic prospects for the borrowers. A narrowing of yield spreads (between bonds of different risk ratings) implies that the market is factoring in less risk, probably due to an improving economic outlook.
The TED spread is one commonly-quoted credit spread. The difference between Baa-rated ten-year corporate bonds and ten-year Treasuries is another commonly-quoted credit spread.
Consumer loans
Yield spread can also be an indicator of profitability for a lender providing a loan to an individual borrower. For consumer loans, particularly home mortgages, an important yield spread is the difference between the interest rate actually paid by the borrower on a particular loan and the (lower) interest rate that the borrower's credit would allow that borrower to pay. For example, if a borrower's credit is good enough to qualify for a loan at 5% interest rate but accepts a loan at 6%, then the extra 1% yield spread (with the same credit risk) translates into additional profit for the lender. As a business strategy, lenders typically offer yield spread premiums to brokers who identify borrowers willing to pay higher yield spreads.
See also
I-spread
Option-adjusted spread
Spread trade
Yield curve
Yield spread premium
Z-spread
Notes
Bond valuation
Fixed income analysis
Credit risk
is a train station in Miyoshi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Suthershini Sivanantham (born 20 December 1973) is a former women's cricketer who played international cricket for and captained Sri Lanka and Canada, and played domestic cricket for Colts Women. Sivanantham was an off-spin bowler.
Sri Lanka career
Sivanantham made her Women's One Day International cricket debut for Sri Lanka in a 1997/8 match against The Netherlands, taking 1/16 from 8 overs, and making 10*. She played three matches in the 1997 Women's Cricket World Cup, taking 4 wickets; only Thalika Gunaratne took more wickets for Sri Lanka in the tournament. Sivanantham was vice-captain of the Sri Lankan team for the 2000 Women's Cricket World Cup, and was the captain of the team for a 2001/02 series against Pakistan. In January 2002, she recorded bowling figures of 5 wickets for 2 runs in a match against Pakistan; these are the best bowling figures for a Sri Lankan bowler in a Women's ODI.
Canada career
Sivanantham moved to Canada in 2008, and her first recorded match for Canada was in July 2010 against the United States. Sivanantham took 1/46 from 10 overs. A few days later, Sivanantham captained the team in a Twenty20 match against the United States, making 31*. She also captained the team in the 2012 Americas T20 Championship in the Cayman Islands, a pre-qualifying tournament for the 2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20. Canada qualified for the 2013 World T20 Qualifier tournament; in the first match, they were bowled out for 44, with Sivanantham top scorer with 13. Canada won their final group game against Japan, with Sivanantham scoring 32 from 41 balls.
References
External links
Sri Lanka women One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka women cricket captains
1973 births
Living people
Canadian women cricketers
Sri Lankan emigrants to Canada
Cricketers from Colombo
George Washington Latimer (July 4, 1819 – May 29, 1897) was an escaped enslaved person whose case became a major political issue in Massachusetts.
Early life
George Washington Latimer was born in Norfolk, Virginia. His father, Mitchell Latimer, was a white man and his mother, Margaret Olmsted, a woman who was enslaved by his uncle Edward A. Latimer. In the early part of his life he was enslaved by a man named Edward Mallery and was a "domestic servant" until the age of sixteen. After that time, his labor was hired out and he primarily worked driving a dray and as a shopkeeper. On two separate occasions, he spent time in prison as a result of the debts of his enslaver. He was eventually sold to enslaver James B. Gray. Gray was a shop owner whose store Latimer manned. He abused Latimer and it is thought that this abuse in part precipitated Latimer's flight to Boston.
Escape from slavery
On October 4, 1842, Latimer and his wife, Rebecca, who was pregnant at the time, ran away. The pair hid beneath the deck of a northbound ship that took them to Baltimore. From there they traveled to Philadelphia, with Rebecca posing as a servant to her lighter-skinned husband. At last, they made their way to Boston, arriving on either October 7 or 8th. James Gray offered a reward of $25 if Latimer was captured in Virginia and $50 plus expenses if he was captured outside Virginia. On the day George Latimer and Rebecca arrived in Boston, Latimer was recognized by a man named William R. Carpenter, a former employee of James Gray, who contacted Gray. On October 20, Latimer was arrested. The initial charge was larceny. Latimer was brought before Justice Joseph Story, who ordered that he be held.
Events surrounding Latimer's imprisonment
After Latimer's arrest word spread through the black community and a group led by Henry G. Tracy attempted to rescue him. They were unsuccessful. Latimer's lawyer, Samuel Edmund Sewall, then sought a writ of personal replevin from Massachusetts Chief Justice Lemuel Shaw, who was known to have strong anti-slavery views. Sewall argued that Latimer should have the right to have his identity determined by a jury. This attempt at freeing Latimer, however, also failed, as Shaw denied the writ. According to the abolitionist paper The Liberator, Shaw said that it was a federal matter and the Constitution and the laws of Congress "were to be obeyed, however disagreeable to our natural sympathies or views of duty."
Latimer's arrest resulted in an uproar so great that "Boston was, without a doubt, the most potentially violent city in America." The case brought about an immense public response in the state of Massachusetts. Latimer's counsel, Sewell, chaired a meeting at Faneuil Hall where attendees not only vowed resistance to slave-catching but also voted for disunion. Additional meetings were held throughout the state, called "Latimer Meetings." These meetings included both black and white abolitionists.
The Latimer and North Star Journal was created by the men appointed to the newly formed Latimer Committee, Henry Ingersoll Bowditch, William F. Channing, and Frederick Cabot. Issues came out every other day. The Latimer Journal reported that the social unrest related to Latimer's imprisonment was such that "fire and bloodshed threatened in every direction."
A major development that occurred as a result of Latimer's arrest was the Latimer Committee's creation of two separate petitions, the "Great Massachusetts Petition" and the "Great Petition to Congress." The former requested a law banning the involvement of state officials or public property in the detention or arrest of suspected fugitives. The latter demanded that laws be passed severing any connection between Massachusetts and slavery. Latimer's freedom was purchased while these petition drives were still ongoing, but they had a considerable impact. The petition delivered to the State Assembly contained 64,526 signatures and weighed 150 pounds by the time it was delivered on February 17, 1843. This petition was a significant contribution to the passage of the 1843 Liberty Act, dubbed the "Latimer Law," which prevented Massachusetts officials from assisting in the detention of suspected fugitive enslaved people and banned the use of state facilities to detain such suspects. The petition to Congress, delivered to John Quincy Adams was less successful, with no legislation resulting from it.
Latimer's arrest spurred other action as well. It was the "immediate impetus" for the organization of the New England Freedom Association and increased collective action in the black community of Massachusetts. One example of this is the fundraising efforts that helped raise the money that was eventually used to purchase Latimer. These meeting were addressed by such abolitionists as Frederick Douglass and Charles Lenox Remond.
Latimer's freedom was eventually purchased from Gray for $400.
Post-freedom
After his freedom was purchased, George Latimer remained involved in the abolitionist cause, attending anti-slavery conventions and helping to gather signatures for the two petitions that were started while he was imprisoned.
There is not a great deal of information available about Latimer's life as a free man. He continued to be involved in, and connected to, the abolitionist movement. In 1851 he was involved in the rescue of an escaped enslaved person, Shadrach Minkins, when he was paid to keep Minkins's owner under surveillance.
Latimer's primary occupation was as a paperhanger and he worked in this capacity for forty-five years in Lynn, Massachusetts. The first of the Latimers' four children was born shortly after his freedom was purchased. The youngest, Lewis Howard Latimer, who was born in 1848, went on to become an inventor, and worked for such prominent inventors as Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison.
References
External links
The George Latimer Case
1819 births
1896 deaths
People from Norfolk, Virginia
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
African-American abolitionists
Fugitive American slaves
Pro-fugitive slave riots and civil disorder in the United States
Fugitive American slaves returned to their owners
The Pangkajene and Islands Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Pangkajene dan Kepulauan, usually shortened to Pangkep), (, ) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The regency lies primarily on the mainland of Sulawesi's southern peninsula, but also includes the Spermonde Islands (Kepulauan Spermonde) off the west coast of that peninsula, as well as other small islands further west and southwest. The principal town lies at Pangkajene on Sulawesi, but there are a series of further towns like Lejang, Labakkang, Bontobonto and Segeri proceeding northwards from Pangkajene along the Trans-Sulawesi Highway. The total land area is 1,112.29 km2, and the population was 305,737 at the 2010 Census and 345,775 at the 2020 Census.
Administrative Districts
The Regency comprises thirteen administrative Districts (Kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district.
The Regency includes four districts which cover 115 small islands off the west and south coasts of South Sulawesi Province. Liukang Tangaya comprises 55 islands off the south and southwest of Sulawesi; Liukang Tupabbiring and Liukang Tupabbiring Utara together comprise the 43 Spermonde Islands off the west coast of South Sulawesi; and Liukang Kalmas comprises 17 other islands more to the west of South Sulawesi.
Climate
Pangkajene has a tropical monsoon climate (Am) with moderate to little rainfall from June to October and heavy to very rainfall from November to May. The following climate data is for the town of Pangkajene.
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
The Trade Union for Theatre and Media (, TeMe) is a trade union representing workers in theatre, dance, film, and television production, in Finland.
History
The union was founded on 12 November 1973, when the Finnish Theatre Directors' Union, the Finnish Union of Set Designers, the Finland Theatre Teachers' Federation and the Finnish Union of Technical Theatre merged, to form the Finnish Theatre Workers' Union. In 1988, the Finnish Union of Film and Video Workers also joined.
In 1998, the union changed its name to Theatre and Media Workers, and it adopted its current name in 2013. In 2007, the union affiliated to the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions.
As of 2020, the union has about 5,020 members, each of whom is a member of one of seven affiliated sections:
Theatre, Film and Television Designers
Union of Dance and Circus Artists Finland
Union of Film and Media Employees Finland
Lighting, Sound and Video Designers in Finland
Union of Theatre Directors and Dramaturges Finland
Theatre Professionals' Union Finland
Association of Cinema Projectionists Finland
Presidents
1973: Paul Suominen
1976: Raija-Sinikka Rantala
1977: Heikki Mäkelä
1983: Liisi Tandefelt
1985: Ossi Räikkä
1987: Veli-Pekka Niiranen
1991: Antti Einari Halonen
1993: Kaija Siikala
1995: Samppa Lahdenperä
2003: Minna Sirnö
2009: Reija Hirvikoski
2016: Kalle Ropponen
2019: Atro Kahiluoto
References
External links
Entertainment industry unions
Trade unions established in 1973
Trade unions in Finland
The 1966 Gator Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game that featured the Tennessee Volunteers and the Syracuse Orangemen.
Background
The Volunteers had finished fifth in the Southeastern Conference, with an 11–10 loss to #3 Alabama being especially damaging. Nevertheless, they were invited to their second straight bowl appearance, the first time they had made consecutive bowls since 1956–57. This was the first Gator Bowl for either team. As for the Orangemen, they were making their fourth bowl appearance in the decade.
Game summary
Gary Wright kicked two 38-yard field goals to make it 6–0, and Dewey Warren threw touchdown passes to Austin Denney and Richmond Flowers to make it 18–0 at halftime. On the first drive of the second half, Larry Csonka scored on an 8-yard touchdown plunge to make it 18–6 (after a failed conversion play). With only 46 seconds left in the game, Floyd Little made it 18–12 on a 3-yard touchdown plunge (with another failed conversion play), but it wasn't enough. Little (216 on 29 carries) and Csonka (114 on 18 carries) combined for 330 yards rushing in losing efforts. Warren 17-of-29 for 244 yards.
Aftermath
The Vols returned to the Gator Bowl three years later. The Orangemen did not play in a bowl game again for 13 years. They returned to the Gator Bowl 30 years later.
Statistics
References
Gator Bowl
Gator Bowl
Tennessee Volunteers football bowl games
Syracuse Orange football bowl games
December 1966 sports events in the United States
Gator Bowl
Though resource rich, Bolivia is one of the poorest countries in Latin America. In the 1980s the tin market collapsed, the currency dived, and inflation soared. Austerity measures restored some confidence, but at the cost of widening inequality. This was exacerbated when, at the behest of the US, coca growing, a prime source of income for the poor, was shut down. There are also tensions over natural gas deposits, perhaps Bolivia's last remaining resource. And while GDP and GNI have both grown significantly since 2000, severe disparities exist both regionally and ethnically. UNICEF reports that women and children are the most vulnerable group. In 2002, the percentage of the population living below the poverty line was 82% in rural areas and 54% in urban areas. The departments with the most poverty are Potosi, Chuquisaca and Pando, while Santa Cruz and Tarija have the least.
The World Bank's Gini coefficient indicates that income inequality in Bolivia, estimated on the basis of size-adjusted household data, increased by almost ten percentage points between 1992 (49.1) and 1997 (58.2), where a value of 100 percent corresponds to the maximum income inequality and a value of zero percent to the minimum. An increasingly unequal distribution of income is also recorded for the following years. This growth reaches its climax at the turn of the millennium, when 61.6 percent of total income was distributed unequally across households in Bolivia. However, the year 2000 also marks a remarkable turning point. For the following 18 years, the estimated inequality index shows decline without significant fluctuations and points to an actual income inequality of 42.2 percent in 2018. In summary, income inequality in Bolivia has decreased by 6.9 percent points for the period under consideration (1992-2018).
Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Inequality
Bolivia is one of the most culturally diverse societies in Latin America, with approximately 35 different ethnic groups. Official figures from the Bolivian
Population Census 2001 estimates that approximately 62% of the total population are indigenous in 2001.
However, this majority of the population remain highly marginalized in economic terms and continue to live in extreme poverty. In Bolivia, mean income per capita in indigenous households was about 300 Bolivian Bolivianos per month in 2001 compared with 480 Bolivian Bolivianos for non-indigenous households. This gap can partly be explained by the fact that the largest source of income among the non-indigenous is non-agricultural wages, while the most important source of income for indigenous families, is agricultural self-employment which tend to be lower on average. By factoring out the difference in income due to types of employment, indigenous families still receive lower average incomes compared to non-indigenous families even within each category of employment. It should also be noted that the differences in income might also be due to differences in worker characteristics. However, neither labour market experience nor female participation seems to drive the differences in incomes. Education has appeared to have the biggest correlation with the disparity in income.
Ethnic Education Gap
The main social indicators (such as illiteracy rate, mother and child mortality; primary and secondary enrolment rates) also indicate that indigenous peoples have significantly less access to social services than non-indigenous peoples. While non-indigenous people (age 15 and older) completed on average 9.6 years of education, indigenous peoples only completed 5.9 years.
In spite of the significant progress Bolivia has made in enhancing access to education in terms of overall school enrolment rates in the last decade, a high drop-out rate, especially among indigenous children is responsible for a persistent education gap between the indigenous and non-indigenous, with 42.4% of indigenous students dropping out before completing primary school compared to only 17.6% of non-indigenous students.
References
Society of Bolivia
Income distribution
Hancea is a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae. Species include Hancea integrifolia.
See also
Mallotus (plant)
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
2019 Delhi fire may refer to:
Delhi hotel fire, in February
Delhi factory fire, in December
Pointon is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bill Pointon (1920–2008), English footballer
Joe Pointon (1905–1939), English footballer
Malcolm Pointon (died 2007), English pianist and Alzheimer's sufferer
Marcia Pointon, British art historian
Neil Pointon (born 1964), English footballer
Ray Pointon (1947–2013), English footballer
Tom Pointon (1890 – after 1924), English footballer
English-language surnames
Donald Joseph Vicic (born 1935) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions. He won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. He played college football at Ohio State University. He was later an investment advisor and founded Brown & Vicic Limited. He is currently a vice-president and consultant to RBC Dominion Securities.
References
External links
1935 births
BC Lions players
Players of American football from Ohio
Living people
Levent Sahinkaya is the current Turkish ambassador to Djibouti. He played a role in negotiating the release of four New York Times journalists who were held captive in Libya for six days.
Early life and education
Sahinkaya was born in Istanbul in 1959. He attended Saint Joseph High School and graduated from Grenoble University, where he studied industrial economics.
Career
Sahinkaya held various political positions before becoming Ambassador to Libya. He worked at the Embassy in Dakar in 1986 and the Consulate in Düsseldorf in 1988. He worked in the Embassy in Paris in 1993 and the Embassy in Bern in 1999. From March 2008 to October 2009, he served as Turkey's Ambassador to Kenya. He was appointed Turkey's Ambassador to Libya in 2009 and continues to hold the position.
Release of journalists in Libya
In March 2011, four New York Times journalists reporting in Libya went missing. They had entered Libya through the Egyptian border without visas and were captured by forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi. ABC news reports that "Turkey's ambassador in Tripoli, Levent Sahinkaya, held talks with Libyan intelligence agencies and reached an agreement for a handover on Sunday [20 March]". The release instead occurred the next morning due to air strikes by U.N. coalition troops. Sahinkaya picked up the journalists on Monday morning and took them to Turkey's Embassy in Tripoli. From there, they were able to cross into Tunisia. Bill Keller, executive editor of the New York Times, remarked "We're particularly indebted to the Government of Turkey, which intervened on our behalf to oversee the release of our journalists and bring them to Tunisia."
References
Living people
Ambassadors of Turkey to Kenya
Ambassadors of Turkey to Libya
Diplomats from Istanbul
Year of birth missing (living people)
Little Roundtop is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, southwest of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
In enzymology, a N-acylglucosamine-6-phosphate 2-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
N-acyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate N-acyl-D-mannosamine 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, N-acyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate, and one product, N-acyl-D-mannosamine 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is N-acyl-D-glucosamine-6-phosphate 2-epimerase. Other names in common use include acylglucosamine-6-phosphate 2-epimerase, and acylglucosamine phosphate 2-epimerase. This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
Pratt House may refer to:
in Canada
Pratt House, West Vancouver, British Columbia, designed by Charles Edward Pratt
in the United States
(by state then city)
Charles H. Pratt House, Phoenix, Arizona, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Mariposa County
Charles M. Pratt House, Ojai, California, listed on the NRHP in Ventura County
Dr. Ambrose Pratt House, Chester, Connecticut, listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
Pratt House (Essex, Connecticut), listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
James Pratt Funeral Service, Hartford, Connecticut, listed on the NRHP in Hartford County
Clark-Pratt House, Kenton, Delaware, listed on the NRHP in Kent County
Pratt House, Milford, Delaware, National Register of Historic Places listings in Sussex County, Delaware
A.W. Pratt House, Iowa City, Iowa, listed on the NRHP in Johnson County
Cottonwood Ranch, Studley, Kansas, listed on the NRHP as the John Fenton Pratt Ranch in Sheridan County
Dexter Pratt House, Cambridge, Massachusetts, |listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
Pratt Historic Building, Cohasset, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Norfolk County
Miles Pratt House, Watertown, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
Capt. Josiah Pratt House, Foxboro, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Norfolk County
Pratt-Faxon House, Quincy, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Norfolk County
Pratt House (Reading, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
Stillman Pratt House, Reading, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Middlesex County
Lanphere-Pratt House, Coldwater, Michigan, listed on the NRHP in Branch County
Pratt-Tabor House, Red Wing, Minnesota, listed on the NRHP in Goodhue County
Spratt-Allen-Aull House, Lexington, Missouri, listed on the NRHP in Lafayette County
Erwin Library and Pratt House, Boonville, New York, listed on the NRHP in Oneida County
Caroline Ladd Pratt House, Brooklyn, New York
Pratt House (Elmira, New York), listed on the NRHP in Chemung County
John Wells Pratt House, Fulton, New York, listed on the NRHP in Oswego County
Zadock Pratt House, Prattsville, New York, listed on the NRHP in Greene County
Cabe-Pratt-Harris House, Hillsborough, North Carolina, listed on the NRHP in Orange County
Wallace E. Pratt House, Salt Flat, Texas, listed on the NRHP in Culberson County
Wallace Pratt Lodge, Gaudalupe Mountain National Park, Texas, listed on the NRHP in Culberson County
Orson Pratt House, St. George, Utah, listed on the NRHP in Washington County
Pratt-McDaniels-LaFlamme House, Bennington, Vermont, listed on the NRHP in Bennington County
John A. Pratt House, Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Waukesha County
Hannah Pratt House, Waukesha, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Waukesha County
White County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 14,665. Its county seat is Carmi. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
White County was organized from Gallatin County in 1815, and was named after Captain Isaac White, a Gallatin County legislator who is credited with the idea of extending the Illinois-Wisconsin border a few miles north of the southern tip of Lake Michigan and was also in charge of the salt works at Equality. He was killed in 1811 at the Battle of Tippecanoe. The county seat, Carmi, was founded in 1814, and incorporated in 1816. The first courthouse was in the log cabin of John Craw.
The first white settlers came to White County between 1807 and 1809. The first settlements were near the Little Wabash River and Big Prairie, one of the numerous prairies in the county. These families—Hanna, Land, Hay, Williams, Calvert, Ratcliff, Holderby, Robinson, Stewart, among others—typically had spent time in the Carolinas, Kentucky or Tennessee before moving into Illinois, and most were of Scots-Irish descent. Many came through the land office at Shawneetown, Illinois, which was a port for flatboats which traveled the Ohio River.
Other early settlements were Grayville, located at the mouth of Bonpas Creek and the Wabash River, settled by the Gray family around 1810; Phillipstown, on the bluffs above the Wabash and Fox River floodplain; and New Haven (mostly in Gallatin County), which was home to a brother of Daniel Boone around 1818. Old Sharon Church (Presbyterian), located near the later village of Sacramento, was organized around 1816, and the village of Seven Mile Prairie was established a few miles north of the church in the 1830s. The parents of longtime Abraham Lincoln girlfriend Ann Rutledge were part of this group, along with families named McArthy, Miller, McClellan, Pollard, Storey, Fields, and Johnson.
About 1839, a group of Irish immigrants began moving into the extreme western part of Enfield Township, led by Patrick Dolan, as well as members of the Mitchell and Dunn clans. Dolan was auctioneer in 1853 when the village of Enfield was platted, as Seven Mile moved west in anticipation of a railroad line, which was not built until 1872. German families moved into the middle portion of the county in the 1840s and onward, especially from the Baden region, and included the family names of Rebstock, Dartt, Brown, Sailer, Stanley, and Drone.
The second half of the 19th century saw the establishment of the towns of Norris City, Springerton, Mill Shoals (once the home of a thriving barrel-making industry which depleted the nearby virgin forests), Epworth, Herald, Burnt Prairie (previously known as "Liberty"), Crossville, Phillipstown, Concord (also known as Emma), Maunie and Rising Sun (commonly called Dogtown)--the latter two villages are located on the Wabash and attracted several African-American families. A number of villages which no longer exist were also formed: Trumbull, Roland, Middle Point, Stokes Station, Gossett, Bungay, Calvin, Iron, and Dolan Settlement.
In 1925, White County was the last of five Illinois counties affected by the infamous Tri State Tornado. Although the storm spared the towns of Carmi, Enfield and Crossville, significant damage was done to the surrounding rural areas, where 28 people were killed, dozens were injured and scores of homes and farms were destroyed.
Agriculture was the primary industry of White County until the summer of 1939, when oil was discovered in the Storms and Stinson fields in the Wabash River Bottoms. The population of Carmi doubled within two years, from 2,700 to 5,400, with corresponding increases at Crossville and Grayville—in 1940 it was said one could walk between these two towns by simply walking from rig to rig. Many of these workers migrated from previous oil booms in Texas and Oklahoma. As of 2013, fracking is underway near Carmi.
The current population of White County is a little over 17,000, with 6,500 in the county seat of Carmi. There is a high number of retired people, and many citizens work in the factories of Evansville or Mount Vernon, Indiana, located 45 and 25 miles to the east, respectively. Besides oil and agriculture, industries include auto parts manufacturing, plastics, a convenience store distribution center and underground coal mining.
Due to legal actions enforced by Indiana courts, White County, Illinois was also the site of the ill-fated Erie Canal Soda Pop Festival also known as the Bull Island Fest in 1972. Three county sheriffs were the only police force present at the festival.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Carmi have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 64
U.S. Highway 45
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 14
Illinois Route 141
Adjacent counties
Edwards County (north)
Gibson County, Indiana (northeast, now separated by Bonpas Creek instead of the Wabash River)
Posey County, Indiana (east, intermittent sections of water and land boundaries)
Gallatin County (south)
Saline County (southwest)
Hamilton County (west)
Wayne County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,665 people, 6,313 households, and 4,142 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,181 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.5% were German, 15.8% were Irish, 14.0% were American, and 11.8% were English.
Of the 6,313 households, 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.1% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.4% were non-families, and 30.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.78. The median age was 45.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,728 and the median income for a family was $48,666. Males had a median income of $41,712 versus $26,168 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,081. About 10.1% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.7% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Carmi
Grayville (Partially in Edwards County)
Villages
Burnt Prairie
Crossville
Enfield
Maunie
Mill Shoals
Norris City
Phillipstown
Springerton
Unincorporated towns
Brownsville
Emma
Epworth
Herald
Rising Sun
Townships
White County is divided into ten townships:
Burnt Prairie
Carmi
Emma
Enfield
Gray
Hawthorne
Heralds Prairie
Indian Creek
Mill Shoals
Phillips
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in White County, Illinois
References
External links
White County Official website
White County Sheriff's Department
History of the Battle of Tippecanoe
Illinois counties
1815 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1815
White County, Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Clear Creek is an unincorporated community in Siskiyou County, California, United States. The community is along the Klamath River and California State Route 96 southwest of Happy Camp.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Siskiyou County, California
is a private junior college in Tatsuno, Nagano, Japan. It was originally established as a women's junior college in 1983. In 2000, it became coeducational.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1983
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagano Prefecture
1983 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Tatsuno, Nagano
The Bad One is a 1930 American Pre-Code black-and-white musical film directed by George Fitzmaurice, starring Dolores del Río and Edmund Lowe, and featuring Boris Karloff. It is a romantic prison drama film.
Cast
Dolores del Río as Lita
Edmund Lowe as Jerry Flanagan
Don Alvarado as The Spaniard
Blanche Friderici as Madame Durand (as Blanche Frederici)
Adrienne D'Ambricourt as Madame Pompier
Ullrich Haupt as Pierre Ferrande
Mitchell Lewis as Borloff
Ralph Lewis as Blochet
Yola d'Avril as Gida
John St. Polis as Judge
Henry Kolker as Prosecutor
George Fawcett as Warden
Victor Potel as Sailor
Harry Stubbs as Sailor
Tom Dugan as Sailor
Boris Karloff as Monsieur Gaston
See also
Boris Karloff filmography
External links
The Bad One at OVG.Guide
The Bad One review by The New York Times
The Bad One at TCM Database
1930 films
1930s musical drama films
American musical drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by George Fitzmaurice
Films produced by Joseph M. Schenck
United Artists films
1930 drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Quarry (formerly Quarry Integrated Communications) is a privately held marketing communications and advertising agency headquartered in St. Jacobs, Ontario, Canada. Quarry employs approximately 100 people in its headquarters and its locations in Durham, North Carolina and San Jose, California, USA.
Quarry was an early adopter and is a leading practitioner of Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC). Quarry's offering includes customer experience marketing, and it has been cited as a leader in the field of personas development by Forrester Research. Quarry's services include strategic insight and research, branding, advertising, public relations, marketing automation, sales force support and Web and digital media.
History
Robert M. Quarry founded the company in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada in 1973. In 1988, his son Alan Quarry became the company's major shareholder and the company relocated to nearby Waterloo, Ontario the following year. The company expanded through growth and mergers to include companies that specialized in advertising (R.M. Quarry Advertising), visual design (Accelerate Design, Ratchford Design), database marketing (dBasics), interactive design (Interchange) and technical documentation (Quintext). In 1998, the company opened its first office in the United States, a year that also saw the separate operating companies merge into one.
In 2008, Quarry celebrated its 35th anniversary. To mark the occasion, the organization hosted the annual E3 European Agency Network conference, the first such event held outside of Europe. Quarry is also a member of the Trans-Canada Advertising Agency Network and a certified agency partner of marketing automation company Eloqua.
In July 2010, Quarry relocated its headquarters from Waterloo to St. Jacobs, Ontario. In 2012, Quarry received the Innovation Award from the Greater Kitchener Waterloo Chamber of Commerce for its involvement in establishing and housing the Felt Lab, a joint project with the University of Waterloo to foster digital media research.
In 2013, Quarry was named B2B Agency of the Year in MarketingProfs' Bright Bulb B2B Awards.
Quarry is currently led by a four-person partnership with Alan Quarry serving as Chair and Ken Whyte as President.
The Quarry Builder System
Quarry uses its trademarked Demand Builder process to develop marketing campaigns for its clients.
The four-step methodology that underpins the Demand Builder harnesses insight into the customer to create
has also been adapted for use in 1) online traffic generation, 2) customer-relationship nurturing, 3) sales-force readiness and 4) digital product design. These methodologies are called the Traffic Builder, Relationship Builder, Sales Builder and Design Builder, respectively, and collectively constitute the Builder System.
Clients
Quarry's clients market highly engineered products, typically in the healthcare, financial services and technology sectors.
References
Advertising agencies of Canada
Companies based in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo
Business services companies established in 1973
1973 establishments in Ontario
Air Vice Marshal Charles Hubert Boulby Blount, (26 October 1893 – 23 October 1940) was a British soldier, airman and first-class cricketer.
Family
Blount was born in Kamptee (now Kamthi), Bombay Presidency, India. His father, Major Charles Hubert Blount (1855–1900), served with the 20th Battery, Royal Field Artillery, and died of dysentery at Wynberg, Cape Town, Cape Colony, during the Second Anglo-Boer War.
Blount was the first son of his father's second marriage, to Mary Elizabeth Bell. He had half-siblings from his father's first marriage to Eleanor Maud Philips, including Blount's half-brother, Captain Greville Blount, RHA (1883–1914), who died in France during the first year of the First World War, who is a great-grandfather of singer James Blunt.
Blount's younger brother, John Hillier Blount, attended Sandhurst and was granted temporary commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in April 1918. He joined the nascent Royal Air Force, but died in an aircraft crash near Beverley in July 1918.
Blount's son, Christopher Charles Blount, was born 1925. He became a Squadron Leader in the RAF. He married Susan Victoria Cobbold, the second daughter of Cameron Cobbold, 1st Baron Cobbold, in 1957, and was later awarded the MVO.
Blount's great-great nephew is singer James Blunt (né James Hillier Blount).
Cricket
Blount attended Harrow School. He played cricket in the 1910, 1911 and 1912 Eton v Harrow matches, losing each time. The 1910 Eton v Harrow cricket match became known as Fowler's match, after the captain of Eton College, Robert St Leger Fowler, whose outstanding all-round batting and bowling performance allowed Eton to win the match by 9 runs despite being asked to follow on early on the second day, 165 runs in arrears after the teams' first innings. The teams included one schoolboy who would become a field-marshal (Harold Alexander), another an air vice-marshal (Blount), and a third an attorney-general (Walter Monckton), together with various sons of nobility.
Blount was wicket-keeper in the 1911 Eton v Harrow match, and captain in 1912, he scored 137 runs in the second innings of the 1912 match, but could not prevent Eton winning by 6 wickets. He also played six matches for Suffolk in the Minor Counties Championship in 1910 to 1912, for I Zingari against Harrow in 1921, and for Free Foresters against Harrow in 1937.
He played 10 first-class cricket matches between 1920 and 1930, four for the Combined Services cricket team and six for the Royal Air Force cricket team, scoring 575 runs at an average of 33.82, including his maiden century in his last first-class match against the Army in 1930, and took 12 wickets at an average of 25.25.
His name is recorded on the roll of honour at Lord's Cricket Ground.
Army and Air Force career
Blount attended RMC Sandhurst immediately after leaving school, and became a Second Lieutenant in the Queen's (Royal West Surrey) Regiment in September 1913. He was promoted to Lieutenant in October 1914, and then Captain in March 1916. He was taught to fly a Maurice Farman biplane in 1916 and became a Flying Officer in the Royal Flying Corps. He was awarded the Military Cross on 14 November 1916 for organising his squadron and his own flying.
He took command of a flight of No. 34 Squadron, flying the Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2 on the Western Front, in November 1916, became the squadron's acting commander in May 1917, and was confirmed as its commanding officer the following month, flying the Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.8. He was promoted to Temporary Major in June 1917, and became a Temporary Major in the RAF on 1 April 1918. He was also awarded the Italian Silver Medal of Military Valor.
He was appointed as commander of the Artillery and Infantry Co-operation School in May 1918, and was promoted to Acting Lieutenant Colonel on 1 May 1919. He resigned his commission in the Royal West Surrey Regiment in August 1919 after obtaining a permanent commission as a Squadron Leader in the RAF (with seniority backdated to 1 April 1918).
He commanded No. 4 Squadron at Farnborough, flying the Bristol F.2 Fighter, from March 1920 to 1925. His squadron took part in the Chanak Crisis in 1922, flying off HMS Argus. He was appointed OBE on 3 June 1924, and attended the RAF Staff College in 1925. He was promoted Wing Commander in 1925, and took command of No. 7 Squadron at RAF Bircham Newton in April 1926, flying the Vickers Vimy and Vickers Virginia.
He joined the Directorate of Operations and Intelligence in 1927, and commanded No. 70 Squadron from 1930 to 1932, flying the Vickers Victoria at RAF Hinaidi in Iraq. He was promoted Group Captain in 1932, and commanded the Engineering Staff at HQ Iraq Command from April 1932, before being appointed Commandant of the School of Army Co-operation at RAF Old Sarum in April 1933.
He became senior air staff officer (SASO), No. 2 (Bombing) Group in August 1936, and was promoted to air commodore in 1937, becoming temporary AOC, No. 2 (Bombing) Group and then succeeding Stanley Goble as air officer commanding (AOC), No. 2 (Bombing) Group in December 1937. He became AOC, No. 4 (Bomber) Group in May 1938. In July 1939, he was promoted to air vice marshal and became AOC, No. 22 (Army Co-Operation) Group.
In September 1939, soon after the beginning of the Second World War, Blount became AOC of the Air Component of the British Expeditionary Force, part of British Air Forces France. This was an RAF Command set up under the command of Air Marshal Arthur Barratt to provide unified control of all RAF units based in France. The Air Component of the BEF provided RAF reconnaissance and fighter cover.
In May 1940, after the Battle of France, Blount returned to England and resumed his post as AOC, No. 22 (Army Co-Operation) Group. He was appointed CB on 11 July 1940.
Death
Blount was killed in an air accident in October 1940, when a scheduled flight from Hendon Aerodrome to Belfast – where he was due to meet GOC, Northern Ireland – crashed near the airfield shortly after taking off, three days before his 47th birthday. He was buried in the south-west corner of the churchyard at St Mary the Virgin's Church, Essendon. He is commemorated on the Felixstowe War Memorial, where the death of his younger brother, John Hillier Blount in an accidental air crash in 1918 is also commemorated.
References
External links
Air of Authority – A History of RAF Organisation – Air Vice-Marshal C H B Blount
Wisden obituary, 1941
Profile from CricketArchive
Profile from Cricinfo
Old Sarum – Officers in Command
John Hillier Blount, family history
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1893 births
1940 deaths
English cricketers
People educated at Harrow School
Combined Services cricketers
Royal Air Force cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Suffolk cricketers
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Queen's Royal Regiment officers
Royal Flying Corps officers
Recipients of the Military Cross
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Royal Air Force air marshals of World War II
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
British Army personnel of World War I
Military personnel of British India
British people in colonial India
The CINAR scandal was a major accounting scandal in Canada that came to light in March 2000 at CINAR, renamed to Cookie Jar Group, one of the world's most successful children's television production companies at the time. It was exposed when investigators revealed that was invested into Bahamian bank accounts without the board members' approval. The scandal resulted in Canada's longest criminal trial ever brought before a jury.
In 2004, following the scandal, CINAR was sold to a group led by Nelvana founder Michael Hirsh, and former Nelvana president Toper Taylor for . The company was subsequently renamed Cookie Jar.
Background
CINAR was founded by the husband and wife team of Micheline Charest and Ronald Weinberg in 1976 in New York City after organizing an event for a women's film festival, and later moved its operations to Montreal, Quebec. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the company saw massive success with children's programming such as Papa Beaver's Storytime, The Busy World of Richard Scarry, Nickelodeon's Are You Afraid of the Dark? and The Adventures of Paddington Bear. And perhaps its most famous works are Caillou, Zoboomafoo and Arthur.
CINAR went public on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1993, and then on the Nasdaq one year later. By 1999, CINAR boasted annual revenues of and owned about of the children's television market. In 1996, CINAR acquired the library of the British animation studio FilmFair - which includes television adaptations of Paddington Bear, and closed it in 1998. In February 1999, CINAR acquired the film library of Leucadia Film Corporation.
Scandal
The company collapsed in 2001, when an internal audit revealed was invested into Bahamian bank accounts without the board members' approval. CINAR had also paid American screenwriters for work while continuing to accept federal grants and tax credits for the production of domestic content, although the names of Canadian citizens (generally non-writers connected to CINAR, including Charest's sister Helene) were credited for their work.
While criminal charges were not filed, CINAR denied any wrongdoing, choosing instead to pay a settlement to Canadian and Quebec tax authorities of and another to Telefilm Canada, a Canadian federal funding agency. The value of CINAR's stock plummeted, and the company was soon delisted.
There was some speculation that CINAR's CFO Hasanain Panju was the mastermind behind the investment scheme. Other individuals believed to have helped with the scheme include John Xanthoudakis of Norshield Investment Group and Lino Matteo of Mount Real Corporation. It was alleged that Charest and Weinberg (and later Panju) used CINAR as a personal 'piggy bank' and schemed to transfer funds out from the company to the Bahamas through a series of complicated transactions to their own offshore holding companies.
In 2001, Charest and Weinberg agreed to pay $1 million each, and were fired from the company's board of directors.
Aftermath
On August 26, 2009, in a separate case, the Superior Court of Quebec ruled that CINAR had plagiarized the work of Claude Robinson for its animated series Robinson Sucroe. The series was based on a concept he had pitched to CINAR in 1986, but had been turned down. Robinson was awarded $5.2 million in damages, in a suit that resolved a 14-year dispute between the two parties.
On March 10, 2011, co-founder Ronald A. Weinberg returned to Montreal from vacationing in the Caribbean islands and was promptly arrested for securities fraud after a warrant was issued for him to be taken into custody earlier that month.
On January 17, 2014, former CFO Hasanain Panju pleaded guilty to undisclosed crimes. The judge noted these crimes were "disgraceful" and placed a publication ban on details surrounding the trial. Panju was sentenced to four years in prison.
On May 12, 2014, Weinberg, John Xanthoudakis of Norshield Financial Group and Lino Matteo of Mount Real Corp. were charged with 26 counts of fraud in Montreal Superior Court. They were convicted on most of the counts on June 2, 2016, and in the trial Panju acted as a key Crown witness. On June 22, 2016, Weinberg was sentenced to 8 years and 11 months in prison, and the other two received sentences of 7 years and 11 months each. On May 3, 2019, Weinberg was fully paroled.
The CINAR affair was described thus by The Globe and Mail:
References
Accounting scandals
2000 in Quebec
2000s in Montreal
2000 in economics
2000 scandals
2000s economic history
Corporate scandals
Corporate crime
Crime in Montreal
Finance fraud
Fraud in Canada
Scandals in Canada
WildBrain
WJMR-FM (98.3 FM) is an urban adult contemporary radio station serving the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, area. They are known on-air as "Jammin' 98.3", and are licensed to Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. Under ownership of the Milwaukee Radio Group subsidiary of Saga Communications, its studios (which are shared with the other four sister stations) and transmitter are located in Milwaukee's West Side.
History
98.3 FM history
The 98.3 frequency was home for many years to WZMF, which signed on the air in July 1966. At its inception, the station aired a MOR format. WZMF was located in a small house on Shady Lane in Menomonee Falls.
WZMF's pop music programming eventually became more experimental, and the station evolved into a freeform progressive rock format by October 1968, one of the first stations to do so in the midwest. The station was moderately successful with the format for the next eleven years, pushing rival WTOS into a different format and staying competitive with leading rocker WQFM. When WISN-FM switched from beautiful music to rock as WLPX in January 1978, immediately becoming a ratings success, WZMF began to tighten their format, amid protests from the station's on-air staff, and ratings dropped.
WZMF was sold and went silent on March 23, 1979 after playing its last 3 songs, "Not to Touch the Earth" by The Doors, "American Pie" by Don McLean, and the National Anthem by Jimi Hendrix. The station returned to the air in May 1979 with an easy listening format as WXJY (Joy FM 98). In 1983, it became home to WFMR and its classical music format.
WJMR-FM history
WJMR started out on 106.9 FM as WMJO, playing a Jammin' Oldies format. Chancellor Broadcasting owned the trademark for the phrase "Jammin' Oldies", so the station was referred to as "Jammin' Hits" and the call letters (which stood for Milwaukee's Jammin' Oldies) were changed to WJMR, and the station was known as "Jammin' 106.9".
The station stayed at 106.9 FM until December 12, 2000, when current owner Saga Communications moved WJMR's format and call letters to 98.3 in a swap with WFMR. This was done primarily to put WJMR's on a signal that more effectively covered the urban areas of Milwaukee, and to target WFMR toward the western and northern suburbs. Soon after WJMR moved to 98.3, the "Jammin' Oldies" trend was winding down, and the station tweaked its format to urban adult contemporary, a format it retains to this day. The station still refers to itself as "Jammin' 98.3", and has had success with its format since moving to the new frequency. The station is a probable rival to WKKV-FM, though the station's focus on an older audience and type of music means their formats rarely clash.
References
External links
Jammin' 98.3 station website
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
Former WZMF and WFMR studios
A sample playlist from WZMF
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
JMR-FM
Leucopogon mitchellii is a plant in the Ericaceae family and is endemic to Queensland. It was first formally described in 1868 by George Bentham in Flora Australiensis from specimens collected, among others, by Thomas Mitchell near Lake Salvator Rosa.
Leucopogon mitchellii is listed as a synonym of Styphelia mitchellii by Plants of the World Online. The name Leucopogon mitchellii is listed as superseded by Styphelia mitchellii by the Queensland Department of Environment and Science, where its conservation status is listed as of "least concern".
Description
Bentham describes the species:
References
External links
Leucopogon mitchellii occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
mitchellii
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Taxa named by George Bentham
Plants described in 1868
18th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1847, the 18th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 18th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1937 Nova Scotia general election, the 40th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 41st Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 18th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Pamela Fischer may refer to:
Pamela Fischer (lawyer), Canadian lawyer
Pamela Fischer (synchronized swimmer) (born 1988), Swiss synchronised swimmer
The WCPW Middleweight Championship was a professional wrestling middleweight championship in Windy City Pro Wrestling (WCPW). It was the original secondary title for the promotion before the creation of the WCPW League Championship in 1993 and its incorporation into the then newly created weight-class division as a legitimate middleweight title (211 to 240 lbs).
The inaugural champion was K.C. Knight, who defeated Mike Samson in Hebron, Indiana on April 13, 1991 to become the first WCW Middleweight Champion. Mike Anthony and Chris "Curse" Collins are tied for the record for most reigns, with two each. At 455 days, Ripper Manson's reign is the longest in the title's history. "The Golden Greek" Mike Londos's reign was the shortest in the history of the title as he lost it to Stone Manson less than 10 minutes after having won the belt. Overall, there have been 27 reigns shared between 25 wrestlers, with three vacancies, and 1 deactivation.
Title history
Key
Names
Reigns
Combined reigns
References
External links
WindyCityProWrestling.com
Title History - Windy City Pro Wrestling
WCPW Middleweight Championship
Middleweight Championship
Middleweight wrestling championships
Flint glass is a form of glass characterised by having a high refractive index and a low Abbe number.
Flint Glass may also refer to:
Flint Glass, an electronic music project by Gwenn Tremorin
Umma () is a 1960 Malayalam social drama film directed and produced by Kunchacko. It was the first directorial venture of Kunchacko. Its screenplay is written by Vimal while the dialogues are by P. K. Sarangapani, who was on his debut. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Moidu Padiyath. It was the first Muslim social film in Malayalam. The story of the film revolves around marital evils that prevailed in the Muslim community, particularly in the Malabar region.
The film was a box office success and gained critical praise. The famous song "Kadalivaazhakayyilirunnu" is from this film.
Plot
Polygamy is the theme of the film. An illiterate rich landlord Aboobacker Haji married three times and divorced all the three wives. His next aim is to get married again which according to traditions will be his last marriage. He marries Ibrahim Kakka's daughter Ayisha. Ayisha gives birth to a daughter and a maid servant named Khadeeja is appointed to take care of the child.
Haji eventually develops a desire to marry Khadeeja. Though this was against custom, nobody was dared to question him. Haji divorces Ayisha, who seeks refuge in Ibrahim Kakka's house. She sends her daughter Zainaba to school ignoring protests from the community. Zainaba falls in love with her classmate Hameed. When Haji learns of this affair, he tries to take his daughter with him, which is opposed by Ayisha and Ibrahim Kakka. They decide to conduct the marriage of Zainaba with Hameed. The marriage did not take place as Haji interrupted. Haji takes Zainaba to his house where she faces tortures from her stepmother Khadeeja.
Meanwhile, Ibrahim Kakka dies. Haji arranges Zainaba's marriage with a rich jewellery shop owner. Haji's mother Pathumma comes to the help of her granddaughter. She pleads with the Haji to change his decision. At this moment in time Haji learns of Khadeeja's cruel tricks. His heart melts and he withdraws from his decision. In the end, Zainaba marries Hameed.
Cast
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Abobacker Haji
B. S. Saroja as Ayisha
Rajakumari as Zainaba
K. P. Ummer as Hameed
K. Sadanandan as Ibrahim Kakka
Kanchana as Khadeeja
S. P. Pillai as Vattathil Kurup, the crooked manager of Haji
L. Ponnamma as Pathumma, Haji's mother
Bahadur
S. J. Dev
Rajamma
Nirmala Devi
Changanasseri Thankam
T. V. Mathew
Krishnakumari
Pushpam
Alex
P. B. Pillai
Soundtrack
References
External links
1964 drama films
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
1960 directorial debut films
1960 films
Films directed by Kunchacko
Indian drama films
1960 drama films
Brachystoma is a genus of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
Species
B. aestivus (Scopoli, 1763)
B. ambiguum (Philippi, 1865)
B. apicale Smith, 1969
B. bimaculatum Smith, 1969
B. flavella Wagner & Andersen, 1995
B. flavicolle Mik, 1887
B. fuscipennis Saigusa, 1963
B. jonesi Smith, 1969
B. longirostris (Macquart, 1823)
B. minuta (Olivier, 1791)
B. mite (Jones, 1940)
B. montanum Smith, 1969
B. nigrimanum Loew, 1862
B. obscuripes Loew, 1856
B. occidentale Melander, 1902
B. pectiniferum Smith, 1969
B. pleurale Frey, 1956
B. punctatus (Scopoli, 1763)
B. pusillus (Scopoli, 1763)
B. reflexiseta Smith, 1969
B. robertsonii Coquillett, 1895
B. serrulatum Loew, 1861
B. setosus (Scopoli, 1763)
B. simile Smith, 1969
B. spinulosa Loew, 1850
B. spinulosa Meunier, 1899
B. submaculatum Smith, 1969
B. takahashii Saigusa, 1963
B. thoracicum (Philippi, 1865)
B. truncatum Smith, 1969
B. vesiculosum (Fabricius, 1794)
B. vittigerum (Philippi, 1865)
Distribution
Species of this genus are present in Austria, Croatia, France, Germany, Italy, Republic of Macedonia, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Switzerland.
References
External links
Brachystoma at Biolib.cz
Fauna europaea at faunaeur.org
Empididae
Empidoidea genera
Asilomorph flies of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Wilhelm Meigen
The Leinster Senior Camogie Championship is a competition for inter-county teams in the women's field sport of game of camogie played in Leinster.
Roll of Honour
See also
All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship
References
Camogie competitions
Signs of Life is a novel by M. John Harrison published in 1997. The dystopian narrative centers on Mick "China" Rose, a biomedical transportation entrepreneur, and his lover Isobel Avens's dream of flying. The novel was nominated for the British Science Fiction Award in 1997, and for the British Fantasy Award the following year.
Mick "China" Rose starts up a medical courier service with associate Choe Ashton, who is given to erratic behavior and gnomic utterances. Their first job is illegally to dump a load of hazardous medical waste. Meanwhile, waitress Isobel Avens, China's live-in lover, dreams, literally, of flying. But as his business expands, Isobel becomes increasingly unhappy, complaining that she can no longer fly in her dreams; soon she leaves China for rich doctor Brian Alexander (one of China's clients) and disappears into Brian's Miami clinic. In a rare moment of candor, Choe tells China about a transcendental experience he once had at beautiful Jumble Wood involving a green-eyed woman. Unable either to comprehend or repeat the experience, Choe makes an annual pilgrimage to the spot. Then Isobel telephones. Rejected by Brian, she is now almost constantly ill after mysterious, and illegal, treatments in Miami. Slowly, horrifyingly, China watches as the treatments begin to take effect: Isobel grows feathers while her metabolism turns birdlike; but she still cannot fly and attempts suicide. China takes her to Brian and demands help. Eventually, Isobel recovers, physically, but she cannot, or will not, give up her dream, and China leaves her. Choe, meanwhile, now rich through an association with gangsters, has bought Jumble Wood and turned it into a toxic waste dump.
References
External links
Review
Signs of Life at Worlds Without End
1997 British novels
British science fiction novels
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
PMFTC, Inc. is the Philippine affiliate of Philip Morris International (PMI). Owned 50-50 by PMI and local conglomerate LT Group, PMFTC is the leading cigarette manufacturer in the Philippines, controlling over 90% of the local market, commercialising the brands Hope Luxury, Marlboro, and More, among others.
The company is a joint-venture between the Philippine unit of PMI and local firm Fortune Tobacco Corporation (FTC), which joined forces in 2010 to form a new company that, after the agreement, would control the 90% of the market.
History
In 1955, Philip Morris International entered into a licensing agreement with La Suerte Cigar and Cigarette Factory to manufacture and sell Marlboro cigarettes in the Philippines.
Fortune Tobacco Corporation (FTC) was established in 1966 founded by Benito Tan Kee Hiong, Atty. Florencio N. Santos, Lucio Tan and Mariano Tanenglian.
In 1995, Philip Morris Philippines, Inc. (PMPI) was established to handle all sales and marketing aspects related to the Marlboro and Philip Morris brands.
In 2002, the licensing agreement with La Suerte was terminated and Philip Morris Philippines Manufacturing, Inc. (PMPMI) was established to handle all aspects of the Philippine business, including manufacturing operations. PMPI was subsequently merged with PMPMI. A new factory located in Tanauan, Batangas was inaugurated by PMPMI in 2003.
On February 25, 2010, PMI and Fortune Tobacco Corporation (FTC) signed an agreement to unite their respective business activities by transferring selected assets and liabilities of both companies a new company named "PMFTC, Inc.", with each party holding an equal economic interest. Lucio Tan served as the chairman of PMFTC, Inc., while day-to-day operations was managed by PMI. The agreement stated that PMI retained its export business, while FTC kept its interest in the distribution of the Winston brand of Japan Tobacco. PMFTC would not be affected by pending tax and ownership disputes with local courts involving FTC.
Brands
PMI brands
Bowling Gold
Bowling Green
Chesterfield
L&M
Marlboro
Miller
Philip Morris
Stork
FTC brands
Boss
Champion
Fortune International
Hope Luxury
Jackpot International
Mark
More
Salem - under license
Terra
Westpoint
References
External links
PMFTC, Inc. on PMI
PMFTC on LT Group
Tobacco companies of the Philippines
Philippine companies established in 2010
Companies based in Makati
Philip Morris International
Peculator obconicus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.
References
Powell A W B, New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Volutomitridae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1952
Wyatt is a Canadian country music group from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan composed of Scott Patrick (vocals, guitar), Daniel Fortier (vocals, guitar), Bray Hudson (drums) and Cam Ewart (bass). Following the release of a Christmas album, Snowed In, in 2005, Wyatt released their debut album, Hard Road, in 2007. No singles were released from the project because the band "didn't feel it was quite there yet."
In June 2009, Wyatt won Big Dog 92.7's The Next Big Thing talent contest. Their prize included $5,000 cash, a showcase for music industry professionals, career guidance, a trip to the Canadian Country Music Association Awards and the option of having a professional single released to radio. Their single "Ride On" debuted at No. 48 on the Billboard Canadian Country Singles chart in December 2009. A second single, "Questions," reached the Top 40 in May 2010. Both songs are included on Wyatt's second studio album, If I Had a Dollar…, released in June 2010.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Canadian country music groups
Musical groups from Saskatoon
Musical groups established in 2004
2004 establishments in Saskatchewan
Feeding the Monkies at Ma Maison is an album by Frank Zappa, which was released posthumously in 2011 by The Zappa Family Trust on Zappa Records.
History
Executed by Frank Zappa on his Synclavier at the Utility Muffin Research Kitchen circa 1986, it was originally intended as a vinyl release. It appears to be the missing link between Jazz from Hell (1986) and Civilization, Phaze III (1994). Of the track "Worms from Hell" 28 seconds first appeared as opening title music for the Video from Hell VHS release in 1987.
Track listing
All songs written, composed and arranged by Frank Zappa.
Personnel
Frank Zappa – synclavier
Moon Zappa – vocals
References
External links
Frank Zappa albums
2011 albums
Albums published posthumously
The grey-and-gold tanager (Poecilostreptus palmeri) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
grey-and-gold tanager
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
grey-and-gold tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Prince Island may refer to:
Prince Island (California)
Prince Island (Western Australia)
See also
Prince Islands, a chain of nine islands off the coast of Istanbul, Turkey
Prince's Island Park, an urban park in the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada
Príncipe, island of the country of São Tomé and Príncipe, once known as Prince's Island
Haplogroup T may refer to:
Haplogroup T (mtDNA), a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup
Haplogroup T (Y-DNA), a human Y-chromosome (Y-DNA) haplogroup
John MacGregor (27 August 1885 - 14 July 1940) was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played rugby union for Edinburgh University.
Provincial career
MacGregor played in the Inter-City match on 3 December 1910 for Edinburgh District against Glasgow District.
International career
He was capped once for in 1909.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1885 births
1940 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh University RFC players
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Rugby union players from Pontypridd
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
Rugby union fly-halves
Karvinen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eetu Karvinen (born 1993), Finnish ice hockey player
Michelle Karvinen (born 1990), Danish-Finnish ice hockey player
Shirly Karvinen (born 1993), Miss Finland 2016
Finnish-language surnames
Brandon Phinney (born April 27, 1988) is an American politician and former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing Strafford County's 24th district.
Career
Phinney earned his associate degree from Great Bay Community College and his bachelor's degree from Southern New Hampshire University. In 2016, he was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives as a Republican, beating his Democratic opponent by just 116 votes. There, he became notable in atheist circles as the only openly atheist Republican legislator in the United States. On June 27, 2017 he announced in a press conference that he had changed his party affiliation to Libertarian.
Phinney was defeated for re-election in a three-way race, finishing in third place with 10% of the total vote. He was succeeded by Republican Mona Perreault. Following his defeat, he announced he would run for Rochester City Council in 2019.
Electoral history
2016
2018
See also
Max Abramson
References
1988 births
Living people
American atheists
Libertarian Party (United States) officeholders
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
New Hampshire Libertarians
New Hampshire Republicans
Southern New Hampshire University alumni
William Leslie Amanzuru is a Ugandan environmental human rights activist and team leader at friends of Zoka in Uganda.
Background
Born in Adjumani district in north western Uganda, Amanzuru grew in the Area around Zoka forest a forest reserve in west Nile Uganda.
Career
Troubled by illegal exploitation of the forest resources, Amanzuru decided to do something to ensure that Zoka forest is preserved. In 2015 , Amanzuru together with the community founded a group called "friends of Zoka", a group of environmental activists that love Zoka central forest reserve to stop illegal plundering of the reserve by illegal loggers, timber dealers and charcoal dealers.
At the onset of the friends of Zoka, the group coordinated their activities on a watsap group to track loggers and inform each other incase of any activity that warranted action.
Amanzuru met stiff resistance from powerful Uganda army and police officers who were complacent in the illegal timber trade. He faced death threats, break ins at his home and has had to move his family 500kms away in search of safety.
He and other activists have organized events to sensitize the public about the dangers of climate change. In 2019 they organized a 470 km walk to save Zoka forest, the walk started from Kampala the capital city of Uganda up to Zoka forest in Adjumani district and lasted for 15 days.
Awards
Amanzuru was the recipient of the European Union human rights Defenders Award 2019 in Uganda for his work that focuses on environmental protection and climate justice.
References
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Ugandan human rights activists
People from Adjumani District
INS Magar is the lead ship of s of the Indian Navy. She was built by Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, Kolkata and was commissioned by Admiral R.H. Tahiliani, Chief of the Naval Staff on 15 July 1987. The ship has a length of 120 metres and a beam of 17.5 metres. The main weapon systems of the ship consist of CRN 91 Guns, chaff launcher (Kavach) and the WM-18A Rocket launcher. The ship also carries four landing craft vehicle personnel (LCVP) on board, which can be used for the landing of troops.
History
The major operations undertaken by the ship include Operation Pawan (Indian Peace Keeping Force operations in Sri Lanka), wherein she played a pivotal role in movement of logistics supplies to the area of operations, to support the IPKF land forces.
In the wake of the 2004 Tsunami, the ship had provided relief for over 1,300 survivors.
On 22 February 2006, at around 5 pm local time, an accidental fire broke out on the ship. It was caused while the ship was engaged in dumping expired ammunition, and one of the boxes of ammunition caught fire. At the time of the accident the Magar was in the Bay of Bengal, around from Visakhapatnam. Casualties included three deaths and a further nineteen sailors sustaining injuries. The injured were rushed to a naval hospital in Visakhapatnam by the Sea King helicopter on board.
In April 2018, the ship changed base port to Kochi, the Indian Navy's training command. She underwent modifications and joined First Training Squadron for training sea officers.
In May 2020, INS Jalashwa and INS Magar were dispatched to Malé, the capital of the Maldives, as part of Phase-I of the evacuation of stranded Indians under Operation Samudra Setu during the Covid pandemic.
References
Magar-class amphibious warfare vessels
Amphibious warfare vessels of the Indian Navy
Ships built in India
1987 ships
Sir Alexander Abercromby of Birkenbog, 1st Baronet (c. 1603 – December 1684) was a Scottish politician.
He was the oldest son of Alexander Abercromby of Birkenbog and his wife Elizabeth Bethune, daughter of David Bethune. On 20 February 1636, he was created a Baronet, of Birkenbog, in the County of Banff. Abercromby entered the Parliament of Scotland in 1640, sitting for Banffshire until the following year. He represented the constituency also in 1643 and after a break of three years, he was returned for it in 1646, a seat he held for the next two years. In 1661, he was again successful for Banffshire until 1663. Abercromby was a Covenanter and in 1645 took part at the Battle of Auldearn under command of John Hurry.
He married firstly Jane Urquhart, daughter of Sir Thomas Urquhart, and had by her a son and three daughters. After her death, Abercromby remarried Jane Sutherland. On 22 August 1668 he married thirdly Elizabeth Baird, daughter of Sir James Baird. Abercromby had another daughter by his second wife and three sons and a daughter by his third wife. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his second and oldest surviving son James. His third son Alexander was also a Member of Parliament and ancestor of the Barons Abercromby.
References
1610s births
1684 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Shire Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland
17th-century Scottish people
Banffshire
Covenanters
Scottish soldiers
Scottish knights
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1639–1641
Members of the Convention of the Estates of Scotland 1643–44
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1644–1647
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1648–1651
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1661–1663
Alexander
The Xinfengjiang Dam (also known as the Xinfeng Dam) is a gravity dam on the Xinfeng River, upstream of its confluence with the Dong River, and just west of Heyuan City in Guangdong Province, China. The dam's power station has a 292.5 MW installed capacity and its reservoir supplies water for farming along with drinking water to Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Construction on the dam began in 1958, the first generator was operational in 1960 and the dam complete in 1962. The dam's reservoir-filling is attributed to several earthquakes within the project area including a 6.1-magnitude (Mw) on March 19, 1962.
Background
Construction on the dam began in 1958, a total of of earth was excavated at the construction site. On October 20, 1959 the reservoir behind the dam began to fill and in November there were several small earthquakes within the reservoir zone. When the water level reached above sea level (ASL) in May 1960, there were three to four earthquakes at a 3.1- and on July 18, when the water level ASL, a 4.3- earthquake occurred. On March 19, 1962 when the reservoir reached ASL there was a 6.1- earthquake with an epicenter downstream from the dam which destroyed several houses in the area. After the earthquake and as a precaution, cavities within the foundation were reinforced with concrete. This and other upgrades brought the dam to a 9.5--rated resistant design.
Design
The dam is a tall, wide gravity dam. Its crest width is and it has a structural volume of of concrete. Above the dam is a drainage area and it withholds a reservoir of . The dam contains a surface controlled spillway with three floodgates, each with a maximum discharge capacity for a total of . The discharge tunnel on the dam's left bank has a diameter, is long and has a capacity. The dam's reservoir has a flood storage capacity, rated for a once in a hundred-year flood. The dam's power station is located at its base (toe) and contains four Francis turbine generators. Three are rated at 72.5 MW and the fourth at 75 MW for a total design capacity of 292.5 MW but the power plant can operate at a maximum 315 MW after later upgrades.
See also
List of power stations in China
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Guangdong
Dams in China
Gravity dams
Dams completed in 1962
de:Xinfeng-Stausee
no:Xinfengjiang-demningen
zh:新丰江水库
Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes (3 April 1874, in Havana – 7 September 1944) was a Cuban composer, and an author of books on the history of Cuban folk music.
The outstanding habanera Tú, written when he was sixteen, was his best-known composition. As an adult, he composed the scores for the opera Yumurí, the ballet Dioné, the oratorio Navidad and the cantata Anacaona.
His writings are still charming and informative today, though their standing has suffered from an accurate criticism by later musicologists. They realized that he had systematically underestimated the contribution of the Africans in Cuba. He insisted, instead, on the supposed contribution of Cuba's original aboriginal population, which was subsequently disproved.
"It is a shame that a succession of errors should have spoilt the greatest work of a man who had carried his musicianship for almost half a century with rare dignity. Because in the end...Sanchez de Fuentes will remain, above all, a composer of habaneras and songs. In a hundred years his Cuban melodies will occupy a place of honor in our traditions..."
His books
El folklore en la música cubana
Cuba y sus músicos
Influencia de los ritmos africanos en nuestro cancionero
La contradanza y la habanera
Ignacio Cervantes
Consideraciones sobre la música cubana
Viejos ritmos cubanos
La última firma de Brindis de Sala
La música aborigen de América
Foklorismo
References
External links
1874 births
1944 deaths
Contradanza
Cuban composers
Cuban songwriters
Male songwriters
Cuban non-fiction writers
Cuban male writers
Male non-fiction writers
The Stellenbosch University Botanical Garden located in the historical center of Stellenbosch is the oldest university botanical garden in South Africa. The Garden is relatively small and houses an enormous diversity of plants, both indigenous to South Africa and introduced species. It is open to the public.
History
The history of the Stellenbosch University Botanical Garden dates back to 1902 when lecturer Augusta Vera Duthie grew plants next to the then Main Building on campus for research and student practicals. The Botanical Garden's current site dates back to 1922 when Gert Cornelius Nel, professor of botany at the time convinced the University Council to allocate land for the establishment of the Garden. Hans Herre was appointed as the first curator of the Garden in 1925. Curators of the botanical garden included Hans Herre (1925–1962), Wim Tijmens (1962–1999), Deon Kotze (1999–2012), Martin Smit (2013–2018), and Donovan Kirkwood (2018-).
Key functions and activities
The Stellenbosch University Botanical Garden fulfills many functions within the university and the local community. The garden supports research and training of students within Stellenbosch University, and increasingly has a strong conservation focus with work on species on the brink of extinction. In 2018 the garden was accredited as a Conservation Practitioner by Botanic Gardens Conservation International (BGCI). The local community and other visitors also utilize the garden for both relaxation and education.
Some facilities in the garden include: The Botanical Garden Shop, which functions as a visitor center but also sells various books, seeds and local plant products; A small specialist nursery and the Katjiepiering Restaurant. The garden itself is also utilized for sculpture exhibitions.
Plant collections
Stellenbosch is located in a valley at an average elevation of 136m above sea-level. It has a Mediterranean climate with dry warm summers. Winters are cool and rainy. During spring and autumn daytime temperatures hover in the 20 °C's. This mild climate allows the garden to grow an incredible diversity of plant species. Various plants indigenous to the Cape Floral Kingdom and southern Africa, many of them rare, threatened or endangered species, can be found in the garden. Even some indigenous species now classified as extinct in the wild, such as Erica verticillata, can also be found in the garden. The garden also has various theme gardens and various specific plant collections.
Bonsai
The Western Cape Bonsai Heritage Collection is probably the biggest publicly accessible collection of bonsai in South Africa and features trees from well-known South African bonsai enthusiasts such as Becky Lucas, Gerjo van der Merwe and Louis Nel.
Ferns
A large collection of ferns can be found throughout the garden, especially in the two ferneries. Several species of ferns and tree ferns (especially the genus Cyathea) along with other closely related plants such as horsetails (Equisetum) are among the genera represented in the collection.
Insectivorous plants
Several insectivorous plant species are grown in the garden, including pitcher plants (Nepenthes and Sarracenia) and sundews (Drosera).
Medicinal plants
Medicinal plants and herbs from all over the world and southern Africa can be found in the garden. Some indigenous medicinal plants found in the collection include: boegoe (Agathosma), cancer bush (Lessertia frutescens), wild rosemary (Eriocephalus africanus), Pelargonium peltatum and Tetradenia riparia to name a few.
Oxalis
The collection was started in 2001 and has grown to currently include about 70% of southern African species. It acts as both a reference and research collection, and houses almost all specimens included in the species-level molecular phylogenetic reconstruction of southern African Oxalis.
Succulents and xerophytes
A wide variety of succulent and xerophytic plants from especially southern Africa and Madagascar can be found in the two arid houses and throughout the garden. Some interesting succulents and xerophytes on display include Welwitschia mirabilis, Aloidendron dichotomum (quiver tree), Xerosicyos danguyi (silver dollar vine), Dioscorea elephantipes (elephant's foot) and Pachypodium namaquanum (halfmens). Rare vygies such as Herreanthus meyeri (named after Hans Herre), Meyerophytum meyeri and Fenestraria aurantiaca are also on display.
Trees
Some interesting trees that can be found in the garden include Sequoiadendron giganteum (giant sequoia - the biggest tree species on earth), Metasequoia glyptostroboides (dawn redwood - thought to be extinct until 1948) and Sequoia sempervirens (Californian redwood - the tallest tree species on earth). Other trees of interest vary from olive trees (Olea europaea) grown from cuttings taken from the Garden of Gethsemane, to various trees indigenous to southern Africa such as Nuxia floribunda (forest elder), to subtropical trees such as Cinnamomum verum (cinnamon).
Gallery
See also
List of botanical gardens in South Africa
References
External links
Stellenbosch University Botanical Garden website
Botanic Gardens Conservation International website
Botanical gardens in South Africa
Stellenbosch University
Stellenbosch
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Texas County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 24 properties listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Texas County
MADT may refer to:
Micro alloy diffused transistor, in electronics
Multiple APIC Description Table, in computing
"Crash" is a song by English indie pop band the Primitives, written by band members Paul Court, Steve Dullaghan, and Tracy Cattell. The song was first recorded for the band's 1988 debut album, Lovely. "Crash" was released as a single in February 1988, peaking at number five on UK Singles Chart, number three on the US Modern Rock Tracks chart, and number two on the Swedish Singles Chart.
In 1994, the song was featured on the Dumb & Dumber movie soundtrack as "Crash (The '95 Mix)". This remix included additional guitars, percussion, organ, and backing vocals—none of which were performed by any of the Primitives. Several cover versions are based on the '95 Mixes rather than the original.
Track listings
UK 7-inch single
A. "Crash"
B. "I'll Stick with You"
UK 10-inch single
A1. "Crash" – 2:32
B1. "I'll Stick with You" – 1:58
B2. "Crash" (live in studio) – 2:06
UK 12-inch single
A1. "Crash" – 2:32
A2. "I'll Stick with You" – 2:34
B1. "Crash" (demo recorded October 1985) – 2:19
B2. "Things Get in Your Way" – 2:21
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
Chloë version
"Crash" was covered by Australian singer-songwriter Chloë for her album Beyond Coming, and released as her second single on 5 September 2005. It peaked at No. 10 on the Australian Singles Chart.
The music video was directed by Mark Barold, and filmed at a Sushi Train restaurant. It depicts Chloë as a customer. Instead of sushi going around the conveyor belt there are objects like a drummer, some dancers, a fish and a pair of sumo wrestlers.
Track listing
"Crash" – 3:16
"Crash" (Crackle N' Pop remix) – 7:03
"Stars" (Sterling remix) – 3:39
Charts
Matt Willis version
"Crash" was also covered by British singer-songwriter Matt Willis and released as a single on 16 April 2007. Willis rerecorded the song specially for the 2007 film Mr. Bean's Holiday, for which Rowan Atkinson appeared as his character in the music video along with Willis.
Track listing
Charts
Other artists
PLASTICZOOMS featuring Alina Rin
Belle & Sebastian covered the song for their 2012 album Late Night Tales: Belle & Sebastian Vol. II
References
1988 songs
1988 singles
2005 singles
2007 singles
The Primitives songs
Chloë (Australian singer) songs
Matt Willis songs
Mr. Bean
RCA Records singles
Sony BMG singles
Mercury Records singles
British power pop songs
Lawless Valley is a 1938 American Western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Oliver Drake, based on the short story "No Law in Shadow Valley" by W. C. Tuttle. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, it opened on November 4, 1937. The film stars George O'Brien and Kay Sutton.
Plot
Framed for a robbery, Larry Rhodes gets out of prison and returns to Lawless Valley to seek the killer of his father.
Cast
George O'Brien as Larry Rhodes
Kay Sutton as Norma Rogers
Walter Miller as Bob North
Fred Kohler as Tom Marsh (credited as Fred Kohler Sr.)
Fred Kohler Jr. as Jeff Marsh
Lew Kelly as Fresno
George MacQuarrie as Tim Wade
Earle Hodgins as Sheriff Heck Hampton
Chill Wills as Deputy Speedy McGow
Dot Farley as Anna
Victor Adamson as Townsman (uncredited)
George Chesebro as Ranch Hand (uncredited)
Ben Corbett as Short Ranch Hand (uncredited)
The Four Tunes as Boxcar Singers (uncredited)
Kirby Grant as Ranch Hand (uncredited)
James Mason as Ranch Hand (uncredited)
Bob McKenzie as Justice James McClung (uncredited)
Carl Miller as Ranch Hand (uncredited)
Frank O'Connor as Prison Guard (uncredited)
Carl Stockdale as Seth, a Storekeeper (uncredited)
References
External links
1938 Western (genre) films
1938 films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by David Howard
Films based on short fiction
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films shot in California
Films produced by Bert Gilroy
1930s American films
Pennington is an unincorporated community in Houston and Trinity Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. Originally known as Tyler or Tyler's Prairie, Pennington is located off U.S. Highway 287 near the Davy Crockett National Forest. Although it is unincorporated, It has a post office with a zip code of 75856.
History
Pennington was founded by Jose Martin Predo, AF Westall, and Daniel Dailey in 1835 on a land grant By 1859, Dailey was the sole owner of the land grant. In 1866, Dailey began to plot out the land grant, what is today Pennington, then solely in Trinity County, named after Hill Pennington, the town's first merchant. The post office opened in 1883. The peak of the town was around this time, as it was the county seat, with a population over 1,500, but the seat was moved to nearby Groveton, because Pennington had no railroad, which lead to its decline in 1882. Pennington was briefly an incorporated town in 1901, but unincorporated in 1904. From then to now, Pennington became a quiet farm town, although, unlike most rural towns that decline, Pennington still has a post office. By the 1990s, a small portion of Pennington extended to Houston County. Its population was 67 as of 2000.
Education
The Groveton Independent School District serves students on both the Houston and Trinity County sides of the community.
References
External links
Gallery
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Houston County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Trinity County, Texas
Anne or Ann Holmes may refer to:
Anne Holmes, see List of As the World Turns characters
Ann Holmes Redding (born 1952), former Episcopal priest, defrocked for converting to Islam
Ann Holmes, lesbian minister, see Lesbian American history
Brian Dean Morehouse (born July 2, 1968) is an American college basketball coach currently serving as the head coach of the Hope Flying Dutch women's basketball team. On January 25, 2020, Morehouse became the fastest college basketball coach (men's or women's) to reach 600 wins, reaching the mark in his 690th game.
Head coaching record
1. Cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic
See also
List of college women's basketball coaches with 600 wins
References
External links
Hope profile
1968 births
Living people
American basketball coaches
College women's basketball coaches in the United States
Hope Flying Dutch women's basketball coaches
Hope Flying Dutchmen men's basketball coaches
Carlyle (2016 population 1,508) is a town in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Carlyle is the largest town servicing the far south-eastern corner of Saskatchewan and as a result, has become the economic and services centre of the region. Estevan and Weyburn are the closest cities and both are a little over 100 kilometres away. Regina, the provincial capital, lies 200 km to the north-west.
Carlyle is located within the RM of Moose Mountain in Census Division No. 1 in Western Canada. Geographically, it is in the Canadian Prairies, which is part of the Great Plains and Prairie Pothole Region of North America. Carlyle was incorporated as a village in 1902, and as a town in 1905. The name Carlyle was chosen by the first postmaster to honour the niece of the Scottish historian and essayist, Thomas Carlyle. His niece and her husband settled in the Arcola district, and farmed and raised a family there.
Several other communities in south-east Saskatchewan along the Canadian National Railway were also named after famous British and Canadian poets, garnering the nickname "Poet's Corner". Some of the others include, Wordsworth (William Wordsworth), Browning (Robert Browning), Service (Robert W. Service), Cowper (William Cowper), and Lampman (Archibald Lampman).
History
In 1870 Canada purchased Rupert's Land from the Hudson's Bay Company and created a vast territory called the North-West Territories. The future site of Carlyle was in this territory. In 1874 the North-West Mounted Police (NWMP), as part of their March West, travelled through the area just south of present-day Carlyle en route to what is now Southern Alberta to deal with the Cypress Hills Massacre. This route taken is known as the Red Coat Trail, which today's Highway 13 through Carlyle approximates.
The original Carlyle townsite was chosen by a Métis man named John G. Turriff at NW 26-07-03 W2 in 1882, which is about 8 kilometres south of present-day Carlyle, along the east bank of Swift Creek, near where it and Morrison Creek meet Moose Mountain Creek. The first post office opened at that location on 1 December 1883. When it looked like the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) was going to build its track north of the townsite, the town moved north to 07-08-02 W2 in 1900, its current location.
The CPR branch line was constructed in 1900 and in operation by 1901. This original branch line went from Souris, Manitoba through Carlyle to Arcola, Saskatchewan. The Canadian National Railway (CNR) laid steel into the townsite on 28 October 1909, and on 7 June 1910, the first passenger train went through town. This rail line was built to bring coal from the coalfields near Bienfait, Saskatchewan and Estevan, Saskatchewan to Brandon, Manitoba and it just happened to go past Carlyle's original location. In 1912, the CNR built a brick roundhouse capable of servicing up to five engines and a bunkhouse to house the engineers while they waited for the engines to be serviced. With diesel locomotives replacing steam engines, the water tower was demolished in 1969. The former CN Carlyle railway station was sold in 1976 and then moved to its current location and now houses the Rusty Relics Museum and tourist Information Centre.
Historical photographs
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Carlyle had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Climate
Industry and businesses
The three most prominent industries in the Carlyle area are agriculture, the oil and gas sector, and tourism. Tourism sees its biggest impact to local businesses that cater to tourists who come to south-eastern Saskatchewan to visit nearby attractions, such as Moose Mountain Provincial Park.
Being the largest town in the area, Carlyle has a wide variety of businesses that not only cater to local residents and tourists, but to people from neighbouring communities as well. Businesses such as hotels, grocery stores, banks, a Credit Union, gas stations, several restaurants, including fast food chains, a department store, building supply outlets, and several mom-and-pop specialty shops provide an ample variety of services. There are also two car dealerships, an RV dealership, a pleasure craft dealership, and other businesses that deal in ATVs and snowmobiles. Every September Carlyle hosts the annual Home Spun Craft Show that features over 70 venders from all over Canada. The show is held in the Carlyle Sports Arena and over 4,000 people attend.
Agriculture is what initially brought settlers to Carlyle in the late 1800s and it continues to play an important role in the local economy. While Carlyle's grain elevator is long gone, a vibrant trucking industry, farm equipment sales and repair, and other agriculture related businesses continue to thrive.
Compared to the other two main industries, oil and gas is the newest. Oil was first discovered in south-eastern Saskatchewan in 1953 near Midale. The oil industry was slow to develop but with advances in Bakken oil extraction techniques in the 1990s, the industry started to take off. And by the 2000s, the industry was booming. Pump jacks, oil batteries, and pipeline terminals are found all around the Carlyle area. Oil companies have set up offices in Carlyle and companies that service the oil industry, such as drilling rigs, service rigs, transport, oil waste disposal and cleanup, and petro-chemicals, have come to dominate the local economy.
Transportation
Carlyle sits at the cross-roads of Saskatchewan highways 9 and 13. Of the two original railway lines that went though Carlyle, only one, the CNR line, remains and it carries freight, such as oil and grain. The last passenger train to depart from Carlyle was on 25 August 1959. The other line, CPR, issued notices of discontinuance for the section going from Carlyle to Arcola on 24 March 2000 and from Redvers to Carlyle on 20 July 2004.
There is no public transportation to or from town, with the exception of a shuttle that goes to the Bear Claw Casino. Locally, the town operates a Handi-Transit van for the elderly and disabled.
The Carlyle Airport is owned and operated by the town. The Carlyle Flying Club sells 100LL and Jet A.
Services
On main street in the Carlyle Civic Centre, there's the Carlyle Provincial Court-Circuit Point that takes care of many court related needs, such as traffic tickets. The Carlyle Detachment of the RCMP is located on Railway Avenue W and, like the Provincial Court, is responsible for a large catchment around Carlyle. Carlyle does not have a hospital, but does have a Primary Health Clinic and ambulance service; the nearest hospital is about 17 kilometres away in Arcola. The volunteer fire department, located on the west side of town, is responsible for fire management in town and the surrounding RM of Moose Mountain. Construction of the current fire hall was completed in 2020 and the official opening ceremony was on 7 December 2020.
Other services include a post office, the Carlyle Observer, which is a weekly print and online newspaper, the Carlyle Public Library, which is a branch of the Southeast Regional Library. and five churches.
Parks and recreation
Twenty-four kilometres north of Carlyle on Highway 9, in the heart of Moose Mountain Uplands, is Moose Mountain Provincial Park, the most significant tourist attraction in the region. The park features Kenosee Lake, Kenosee Superslides, golfing, mini-golf, the Moose Mountain Chalet, camping, hiking, fishing, and many more activities. About 30 kilometres to the north-east is Cannington Manor Provincial Park, which is a IUCN protected area category III and on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.
The Bear Claw Casino & Hotel is also located north of Carlyle on highway 9. It is on the White Bear First Nation.
In town, there's a 9-hole golf course, Carlyle Sports Arena (CSA), an outdoor swimming pool, curling with four sheets of ice, a motocross track, and a playground. Lions Park in Carlyle has a soccer pitch, six ball diamonds, the aforementioned swimming pool, camping, and walking paths. Centennial Park was established in 2005 to recognise Carlyle's 100-year anniversary. There's a gazebo, time capsule, and a children's splash park, which was added in the spring of 2021. West Park, on the west side of town along Morrison Creek, has a picnic area, gazebo, and, added in 2020, an off-leash dog park. Carlyle was featured on Global Regina's 'Focus Saskatchewan' on 12 January 2014.
The Prairie Dog Drive-in Theatre, one of five left in Saskatchewan, is located about three kilometres north of town along Highway 9. The drive-in theatre originally opened at that site in 1981 and has gone through several name changes since. The only other big screen in town is a one-screen theatre on the second floor of the Carlyle Memorial Hall in downtown. Unlike the Prairie Dog Theatre, it does not have regular showings and is only open for special events. The other four drive-in theatres include the Jubilee Drive-In Theatre in Manitou Beach, the Clearwater Drive-In in Kyle, the Moonlight Movies Drive-in in Pilot Butte, and the Twilite Drive-In Theater in Wolseley.
Dickens Village Festival
On the first weekend of December each year since 2002, the town holds a Dickens Village Festival, which features a Christmas parade, horse carriage rides, and many of the businesses and people put on a Charles Dickens-19th century theme. It is the only annual Dickens Village Festival in Canada. The Cornerstone Theatre group runs at least two shows a year. The one on the first weekend in December is in co-ordination with the Dickens Village Festival. The theatre shows are sold out every year.
Carlyle Fun Dayz
Carlyle Fun Dayz is an annual summer event put on by the town. The event features a Lion's Pancake Breakfast, live shows with music and street dancing, beer gardens, food venders, a kids zone that includes a petting zoo, a parade, and a farmer's market.
Organised sports
Carlyle has a variety of organised sports that make use of its facilities.
The Carlyle Cardinals of the men's senior Saskota Baseball League call the baseball diamonds at Lions Park home. There is also a Carlyle Minor Ball for youth programme there. Another youth programme, Moose Mountain Soccer, plays at the soccer pitch at Lions Park.
In the Carlyle Sports Arena, the Cougars of the Big 6 Hockey League play senior men's ice hockey. The Cougars have won the championship Lincoln Trophy nine times since the league's inception in 1960; the last time was in 2001. For youth, there is a CanSkate programme through Carlyle Skating Club, minor hockey, and female midget hockey. There is also a figure skating club.
Education
Carlyle has two public schools, an elementary school and a high school, and they are in the South East Cornerstone Public School Division. Carlyle Elementary School (CES) has children from pre-kindergarten to grade 6. The school's mission statement is "To enable every student to be the best that they can be." The high school, Gordon F. Kells, has grades from 7 to 12. Its moto is "Respect, Responsibility, and Integrity."
Notable people
Brenden Morrow – ice hockey player
Eliza Beatty – Silver Cross Mother
Haydn Fleury - ice hockey player
Cale Fleury - ice hockey player
See also
List of towns in Saskatchewan
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Carlyle Lake Resort
White Bear 70
References
External links
Towns in Saskatchewan
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
is a Japanese former competitive programmer. He is one of three people to have won both the Google Code Jam and the Facebook Hacker Cup and the only one to have also won a gold medal with a perfect score at the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO). In International Science Olympiads, he has won three gold medals and one bronze in the International Mathematical Olympiad as well as two silver medals in the International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI).
Biography
Soejima was born in 1991. He began competitive programming in 1999. He attended Junior and Senior High School at Komaba, University of Tsukuba. During his time at high school, he participated in the IMO multiple times (2005, 2007–2009) where he obtained three gold medals and one bronze. On his final attempt in 2009, he achieved a perfect score. At the same time, Soejima also participated in the 2008 and 2009 IOI where he obtained a silver medal both times.
Soejima then attended The University of Tokyo where he studied mathematics. He was part of the university team in the 2013 and 2015 International Collegiate Programming Contest which won third place both times. Soejima also attended the Graduate School of Information Science and Technology at The University of Tokyo.
Soejima's other significant achievements in competitive programming include winning the 2011 Google Code Jam, winning the 2016 Facebook Hacker Cup, and being Topcoder Open Algorithm champion in 2010, 2011 and 2016.
In December 2020, Soejima retired from competitive programming. Soejima worked at AtCoder, a company that organizes programming competitions.
Achievements
International Mathematical Olympiad: 3 Gold (2007, 2008, 2009 (Perfect Score)) and 1 Bronze (2005)
International Olympiad in Informatics: 2 Silver (2008, 2009)
International Collegiate Programming Contest World Finals: 2 Gold medals (third place in 2013 and 2015)
Google Code Jam: Champion (2011), Second place (2019 and 2015), Third place (2018)
Facebook Hacker Cup: Champion (2016 ), Second place( 2018), Third place (2014)
TopCoder Open: Algorithm champion (2016, 2011 and 2010)
Codeforces: Legendary Grandmaster (peak rating 3115)
Publications
See also
International Mathematical Olympiad
List of International Mathematical Olympiad participants
International Olympiad in Informatics
Gennady Korotkevich
Petr Mitrichev
References
External links
Online coding profiles
Topcoder: rng_58
Codeforces: rng_58
CodeChef: Makoto Soejima
Living people
1991 births
International Mathematical Olympiad participants
University of Tokyo alumni
20th-century Japanese people
Competitive programmers
Japanese computer programmers
21st-century Japanese mathematicians
Fire in the Sky is a 1993 American biopic science fiction mystery film directed by Robert Lieberman and adapted by Tracy Tormé. It is based on Travis Walton's book The Walton Experience, which describes an extraterrestrial abduction. The film stars D. B. Sweeney as Walton, and Robert Patrick as his best friend and future brother-in-law, Mike Rogers. James Garner, Craig Sheffer, Scott MacDonald, Henry Thomas and Peter Berg also star.
Fire in the Sky grossed $19.9 million domestically on a $15 million budget and received mixed reviews. It was nominated for four Saturn Awards.
Plot
On November 5, 1975 in Snowflake, Arizona, logger Travis Walton, and his co-workers — Mike Rogers, Allan Dallis, David Whitlock, Greg Hayes and Bobby Cogdill — head to work in the White Mountains.
Driving home from work, the loggers come across an unidentified flying object. Curious, Walton gets out of the truck and is struck by a bright beam of light from the object and is sent flying several feet backwards as if pushed by an unseen force. Fearing Walton has been killed, the others escape from the scene. Rogers decides to go back to the spot to retrieve Walton, but he is nowhere to be found. Making their way back to town to report the incident, the loggers are met with skepticism by investigators Sheriff Blake Davis and Lieutenant Frank Watters. Watters, realizing that there was a great deal of tension between Dallis and Walton and that Dallis has a criminal record, suspects foul play, a belief that quickly spreads to the rest of the town, leaving the loggers as social pariahs.
After a large search party turns up no sign of Travis, the loggers are offered the chance to take a lie detector test. Though Dallis is initially hesitant, the loggers ultimately take the test in the hopes of proving their innocence. However, Watters declares that the tests were inconclusive and that they will have to return the next day to retake it. Rogers is outraged and he angrily declines, the other loggers following suit. The test's administrator reveals to Watters and Davis that, with the exception of Dallis (whose test results were inconclusive), the loggers seem to be telling the truth.
Five days later, Rogers receives a call from someone claiming to be Walton. He is found at a Heber gas station, alive but naked, dehydrated and incoherent. A ufologist questions Walton but he is thrown out and Walton is taken to a hospital. Rogers visits Walton while in the emergency room and ends up telling Walton that he left him after he was struck by the light but came back to get him. Walton appears enraged by this and turns away from Rogers who blames the whole incident on Walton for getting out of the truck. During a welcome home party, Walton suffers from a mental breakdown and flashback of the abduction by the extraterrestrials.
In his flashback, he awakens inside a slimy cocoon. Breaking out of its membrane, he finds himself in a zero-gravity environment inside a cylindrical enclosure whose walls contain other similar cocoons and he is horrified to inadvertently discover that one contains the decomposing remains of a human body. As he makes his way to a neighboring area featuring what appear to be several humanoid space suits, he is apprehended by two extraterrestrial creatures. He is unwillingly hauled down corridors full of terrestrial detritus such as shoes and keys before arriving in a bizarre examination room. The aliens strip him of his clothes and cover him with an elastic material that pins him to a raised platform under an array of equipment and lights in the middle of the room. Despite Walton's terrified screams, the aliens pitilessly subject him to an experiment in which a gelatinous substance is shoved into his mouth, his jaw is clamped open, a device is inserted into his neck and he is forced to endure an ocular probe while fully conscious during the experience. Afterwards, Walton loses consciousness until finding himself back on Earth disoriented and severely traumatized.
While interviewing Walton, Lieutenant Watters expresses his doubts about the abduction, dismissing it as merely a hoax. He notes Walton's newfound celebrity because of the tabloids' attempts to profit from his tale, believing that he had faked the abduction to become a celebrity. However, with the investigation closed, Watters is forced to abandon his pursuit and leaves town. Two and a half years later, Walton visits Rogers, now a recluse, and the two reconcile. The closing titles inform that in 1993, Walton, Rogers, and Dallis were resubmitted to additional polygraph examinations, which they passed, corroborating their innocence.
Cast
D. B. Sweeney as Travis Walton
Robert Patrick as Mike Rogers
James Garner as Lt. Frank Watters
Craig Sheffer as Allan Dallis
Peter Berg as David Whitlock
Henry Thomas as Greg Hayes
Bradley Gregg as Bobby Cogdill
Kathleen Wilhoite as Katie Rogers
Georgia Emelin as Dana Rogers
Scott MacDonald as Dan Walton
Noble Willingham as Sheriff Blake Davis
Production
The film is based on the book The Walton Experience by Travis Walton. In the book, Walton tells of how he was abducted by a UFO. Walton's original book was later re-released as Fire in the Sky () to promote the book's connection to the film. The real Travis Walton and his wife, Dana Walton, have a brief cameo in the film.
The film's alien abduction scenes bear almost no resemblance to Walton's actual claims. Scriptwriter Tracy Tormé reported that executives found Walton's account boring, and insisted on the changes. Director Robert Lieberman suspected Travis Walton's account was a hoax, saying: "My gut feeling had it that Travis was so much smarter than those other guys, that it started out as a gag. They probably laced their beer at the end of the day with a little acid or something and then they put on a show for these guys and they believed it."
Cast members Scott MacDonald, who played Dan Walton, and Robert Patrick, who played Mike Rogers, spent time with their counterparts. Patrick, who felt typecast in villainous roles following Terminator 2: Judgment Day, gained weight and grew a beard for the audition. He later found out that he was related to his character: "Lo and behold, when I contacted the Mormons in my family, I found out through marriage, I am related to Mike Rogers. And I was like, ‘I am?!' I called him, we spoke, I asked him specifically about how he was feeling during all this. I wanted to know his emotions. And he said to me during the abduction and the subsequent conversations afterward, that he could not control his emotion. And I tried to utilize that during the film."
The special effects in the film were coordinated by Industrial Light & Magic, and the cinematography was handled by Bill Pope. The original music score was composed and arranged by Mark Isham. The audio soundtrack was released in compact disc format on March 30, 1993.
Reception
Fire in the Sky met with generally favorable reviews. John Ferguson of the Radio Times wrote, "Lieberman wisely concentrates on the emotional impact of the event on a close-knit circle of friends and family, although the eventual revelation of the abduction is genuinely scary. D. B. Sweeney shines in the lead role and there's good support." Entertainment Weekly journalist Owen Gleiberman suggested that "It almost doesn't matter if you don't believe any of this stuff. For a few queasy minutes, Fire in the Sky lets you meditate on the aliens in your imagination." Critic Roger Ebert said, "The scenes inside the craft are really very good. They convincingly depict a reality I haven't seen in the movies before, and for once I did believe that I was seeing something truly alien, and not just a set decorator's daydreams." However, he felt that "there's not enough detail about the aliens, and the movie ends on an inconclusive and frustrating note."
Chris Hicks of the Deseret News found that Fire in the Sky "leans in favor of believers, suggesting that all of this really did happen. And some of it is fairly entertaining." However, he disliked the film's sober tone and would have preferred it be "more humorous or satirical, without necessarily sacrificing the sense that these characters believe it all." Critic James Berardinelli applauded the "stunning, gut-wrenching realism" of the abduction scenes, but called the film a "muddled-up mess" that "can't make up its mind whether it wants to be horror, drama or science-fiction." The X-Files creator Chris Carter and executive producer Frank Spotnitz were impressed by Patrick's performance in the film, which led to his casting Patrick as FBI Special Agent John Doggett for the series' eighth season in 2000.
Critical opinion of Fire in the Sky settled into a mixed range: the film holds a 45% approval rating at review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 22 appraisals, with an average score of 5.1/10. Nonetheless, its alien abduction scenes are considered by many to be highly effective. In 2017, Paste named Fire in the Sky as one of the 25 best science fiction films on Netflix.
Accolades
Fire in the Sky was nominated for four Saturn Awards: Best Science Fiction Film, Best Writing, Best Music, and for Patrick, Best Actor.
See also
Communion, 1989 film based on Whitley Strieber's book describing experiences of alien abduction
References
External links
Fire in the Sky at the Movie Review Query Engine
1993 films
1993 drama films
1990s mystery films
1990s science fiction drama films
Alien abduction films
Alien invasions in films
American mystery films
American science fiction drama films
American films based on actual events
Mystery films based on actual events
Films about extraterrestrial life
Films directed by Robert Lieberman
Films scored by Mark Isham
Films set in 1975
Films set in Arizona
Films shot in Oregon
Paramount Pictures films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The Crowell Trust (full name: The Henry Parsons Crowell and Susan Coleman Crowell Trust) is a charitable foundation in the United States which states that it "is dedicated to the teaching and active extension of the doctrines of Evangelical Christianity". It has funded a television program opposing evolution, which television station KNME refused to broadcast.
The foundation was established in 1927 by American businessman Henry Parsons Crowell, who was founder of the Quaker Oats Company, but not himself a Quaker. The foundation makes grants to various organizations in order to promote Evangelical Christianity.
References
1927 establishments in the United States
Christian charities based in the United States
Charities based in Colorado
The Bethnahrain Women's Protection Forces (; HSNB) is an all-female Assyrian military and police organization based in al-Qahtaniyah, al-Hasakah Governorate, Syria.
HSNB was set up as a female brigade of the Syriac Military Council and assumes guard roles in areas where Assyrians reside.
HSNB includes military & police forces. The police section of HSNB has offices in Gozarto, likewise for the military section, academies & military points.
History
The Bethnahrain Women's Protection Forces was formed on the first day of September 2015. During the announcement of the formation, the group declared that it will fight under the guidance of the Syriac Union Party, ally with the Assyrian group Sutoro, and "improve the values of Syriac people, women's rights and to act with solidarity with other nations' women and to struggle against the reactionarism."
On 6 November 2016, the HSNB announced that it would partake in the Raqqa offensive alongside the MFS and Kurdish and Arab forces of the Syrian Democratic Forces
Ideology
The Bethnahrain Women's Protection Forces follow the Dawronoye ideology, a secular left-wing Assyrian nationalist movement tracing back to the 1980s in Midyat, Turkey.
Shamiran Shimon, the head of the Syriac Women's Union (SWU) in Syria, announced that the HSNB was to be formed as Assyrian women in Syria had been obscured and persecuted by the masculine communities in the region.
The HSNB was formed to guarantee equal rights for Assyrian women in Syria and counters the constraints religious figures in the region have placed on women and the ideals of feminism.
See also
Dawronoye
Syrian Civil War
Sutoro
References
Military units and formations of Syria
All-female military units and formations
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Assyrian organizations
Syrian Democratic Forces
Military units and formations established in 2015
2015 establishments in Syria
Dawronoye
Assyrians in Syria
Anti-government factions of the Syrian civil war
Aggie (or Agie), was launched in Liverpool in 1777. She traded locally until 1781 when her owners renamed her Spy. She briefly became a privateer, and then a slave ship, engaged in the triangular trade in enslaved people. The French Navy captured her in 1782 in the West Indies as she was arriving to deliver her cargo of slaves on her first slave-trading voyage.
Career
Agie first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1778.
Slave trading voyage: Captain John Burrows sailed Spy from Liverpool in July 1781, bound for West Africa.
Fate
On 4 June 1782 two French frigates captured Spy, Burrows, master, and took her into Dominica. She was carrying 250 slaves and six tons of ivory.
Citations
1777 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Privateer ships of Great Britain
Liverpool slave ships
Captured ships
"Stairway to the Stars" is a popular song composed by Matty Malneck and Frank Signorelli, with lyrics by Mitchell Parish. It was based on a theme from Malneck and Signorelli's 1934 instrumental piece, "Park Avenue Fantasy."
Hit recordings in 1939 were by Glenn Miller, Kay Kyser, Jimmy Dorsey and by Al Donohue.
Notable recordings
Glenn Miller and His Orchestra, vocals by Ray Eberle (May 9, 1939)
Ella Fitzgerald and her Famous Orchestra (June 29, 1939)
The Ink Spots - 1939 NBC radio Broadcast (July 12, 1939)
Jimmy Dorsey and his Orchestra, vocals by Bob Eberly (1939)
Kay Kyser and his Orchestra, vocals by Harry Babbitt (1939)
Al Donahue and his Orchestra, vocals by Paula Kelly (1939)
Carmen Cavallaro – Decca (1947)
Dinah Washington with Chubby Jackson's Orchestra (1947)
Buddy DeFranco quartet - New York (1953)
Benny Goodman – An Album of Swing Classics (1955)
Bud Powell – Piano Interpretations by Bud Powell (1956)
Sarah Vaughan – At Mister Kelly's (1957)
Lee Konitz – Very Cool 1957
Ella Fitzgerald – Hello, Love (1960)
Johnny Mathis – I'll Buy You a Star (1961)
Milt Jackson and Wes Montgomery – Bags Meets Wes! (1962)
Stan Kenton – Adventures In Jazz (1962)
Bill Evans – Moon Beams (1962)
Dexter Gordon – Our Man in Paris (1963)
Johnny Hartman – I Just Dropped by to Say Hello (1964)
Natalie Cole – Don't Look Back (1980)
Mel Tormé – An Evening with Mel Tormé (1994)
Ian Shaw – The Abbey Road Sessions (2011)
Notable uses
Major theme in the motion picture Some Like It Hot directed by Billy Wilder.
References
1930s jazz standards
Ella Fitzgerald songs
Johnny Mathis songs
Songs with lyrics by Mitchell Parish
Songs with music by Matty Malneck
The 1993 Amway Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand that was part of Tier IV of the 1993 WTA Tour. It was the eighth edition of the tournament and was held from 1 February through 7 February 1993. Unseeded Elna Reinach won the singles title and earned $18,000 first prize money.
Finals
Singles
Elna Reinach defeated Caroline Kuhlman 6–0, 6–0
It was Reinach's only WTA title of her career.
Doubles
Isabelle Demongeot / Elna Reinach defeated Jill Hetherington / Kathy Rinaldi 6–2, 6–4
Prize money
* per team
See also
1993 Benson and Hedges Open – men's tournament
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Amway Classic
WTA Auckland Open
AM
ASB
1993 in New Zealand tennis
Banner (formerly, Banner City) is an unincorporated community in San Diego County, California. It lies at an elevation of 2743 feet (836 m). It is located on California State Route 78.
History
Banner City was founded in August 1870 by Louis B. Redman, east of Julian, serving several gold mines in the surrounding hills in the Julian Banner Mining District. It had a hotel, two stores, three saloons, and stamping mills. The town received its name after a miner marked his claim with an American flag (in reference to the Star-Spangled Banner.) Chariot Canyon, a small canyon south-adjacent to the town, was where most of the town's mining took place. Some claim that the yield of Banner's mines even surpassed those of rivaling town Julian's. The greatest period of mining activity was from 1870 to 1880.
In the fall of 1870, a miner named George V. King came to Banner after finding that all the mines in Julian had been claimed. One day in Chariot Canyon, King broke off a piece of quartz while climbing and found that it had flecks of gold inside. He and a few friends established adjoining land claims and founded the Golden Chariot mine. The mine grossed from its first five tons of gold, creating notoriety for Banner throughout the southwestern United States. The mine exported over of gold within its first year of operation. Mark McDonald and W. A. Whitney purchased the Golden Chariot mine for . The new owners installed a 10-stamp mill and replaced the modest mining equipment used by the previous owners. Under the new supervision, the Golden Chariot mine produced nearly worth of gold within a decade.
Several other mines such as Ready Relief, Big Blue, Warlock, Antelope, and Chaparral operated in Banner and collectively excavated millions of dollars worth of gold. Bringing in heavy machinery for the mines proved to be a tough task as they had to be lowered via stone sleds down the Banner Gilbert Slide. The Wilcox toll road opened in 1872 which greatly reduced the difficulty of getting mining equipment into the area.
The Banner post office operated from July 29, 1873, to November 24, 1876, Dec 5, 1876 to Oct 31, 1877 and from 25 Apr 1883 to Dec 28, 1906 when it was moved to Julian. Unlike its rival, Julian, the town suffered from multiple floods in 1874, 1916, and 1926. In the 1930s, it suffered a fire that left little trace of the old town.
1989 Memorial Day Killings
On May 29, 1989, five men exchanged fire in a deadly dispute over a gold claim in the historic Chariot Canyon gold field. Originally, two individuals (Benjamin Haimes of Encino and Gustav Oran Hudson of El Cajon) had become involved in a land dispute over the Ready Relief and Hubbard Mines in Chariot Canyon (historically owned by the Bureau of Land Management), as both had intentions to prospect in the area.
Hudson and his family happened to arrive at the property at the same time as Haimes' appointed caretaker, Chris Zerbe. After a verbal altercation, the resulting escalation involved multiple weapons and resulted in the death of Zerbe and his companion.
Due to an unsavory reputation in the neighboring town of Julian, Zerbe was labeled as the main aggressor and no charges were filed against Hudson. The San Diego District Attorney is on record as stating, "It is our conclusion upon sifting [through the] facts as adduced from the reports and supplemental review[...], that no criminal complaint can be filed as a result of this incident.”
Nicknamed the “Chariot Canyon Massacre,” this incident is understood to be the first gold prospecting-related killing in the area since the gold rush of the late 1800s.
References
External links
Ramona 1901 1:125,000 U.S. Geological Survey Topography Map Shows Banner in 1901.
USGS Map Name: Julian, CA from Topoquest website, accessed 2/25/2013 Shows Banner in a current USGS topographic map, and mine locations.
1870 establishments in California
Ghost towns in California
History of San Diego
Former settlements in San Diego County, California
Mining communities in California
Populated places established in 1870
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1883 was the cricket season when the English club Derbyshire had been playing for twelve years. They won two first class matches out of ten.
1883 season
Derbyshire played two county matches each against Lancashire, Yorkshire, Surrey and Sussex, and two against MCC. They won two of their matches and lost six. Robert Smith was captain for his eighth and last season. In a sparse season without any centuries, Wallis Evershed was top scorer and William Cropper James Brelsford shared the most wickets.
There were no long term additions to the team but George Earl, Joseph Needham, George Yates and Percy Exham made their only career appearances and Thomas Evans made his two career appearances for Derbyshire during the season. The season also saw the last appearances of John Richardson who had been a steady bowler since 1878 and George Osborne who had played since 1879.
Matches
{| class="wikitable" width="100%"
! bgcolor="#efefef" colspan=6 | List of first class matches
|- bgcolor="#efefef"
!No.
!Date
!V
!Result
!Margin
!Notes
|-
|1
| 17 May 1883
| Lancashire Old Trafford, Manchester
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| Innings and 160 runs
| George Nash 5-24; RG Barlow 5-20
|-
|2
| 21 May 1883
| Surrey County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
| 51 runs
| ED Barratt 5-25 and 7-76; J Brelsford 5-31
|-
|3
| 31 May 1883
| MCC Lord's Cricket Ground, St John's Wood
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| Innings and 29 runs
| W Flowers 131 and 6-44; A Rylott 5-53
|-
|4
| 25 Jun 1883
| Lancashire County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| Innings and 78 runs
| A Watson 6-40 and 6-27
|-
|5
|09 Jul 1883
| MCC <small> County Ground, Derby </small
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| SH Evershed 5–19; GG Hearne 5-49; W Cropper 5-25
|-
|6
| 19 Jul 1883
| Yorkshire County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FFCC00"|Drawn
|
| W Chatterton 5-61
|-
|7
| 30 Jul 1883
| Sussex County Ground, Derby
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| Innings and 68 runs
| JB Hide 5-34
|-
|8
| 06 Aug 1883
| YorkshireBramall Lane, Sheffield
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| Innings and 3 runs
| W Chatterton 6-64; E Peate 5-36
|-
|9
| 30 Aug 1883
| Surrey Kennington Oval
|bgcolor="#FF0000"|Lost
| 6 wickets
| ED Barratt 5-50
|-
|10
| 03 Sep 1883
| Sussex County Ground, Hove
|bgcolor="#00FF00"|Won
| 29 runs
| J Marlow 6-27
|-
Statistics
First-class batting averages
First-class bowling averages
Wicket keeping
James Disney Catches 10, Stumping 0
See also
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
1883 English cricket season
References
1883 in English cricket
Derbyshire County Cricket Club seasons
English cricket seasons from 1864 to 1889
The Rise and Fall of Mars Hill is a podcast that discusses the popularity, and later scandal associated with Mars Hill Church and Mark Driscoll. The show is hosted by Mike Cosper and produced by Christianity Today.
Background
The podcast discusses Mark Driscoll's resignation from Mars Hill Church in Seattle. Mars Hill Church was founded in 1996 and later collapsed in 2014. Mars Hill Church had twelve thousand weekly attendance, roughly six thousand members, and twelve different locations. The first episode emphasizes that pastors like Driscoll have a lot of charisma and natural speaking ability, but they lack the character needed to properly use those abilities. The show focuses on the culture surrounding megachurches and evangelicalism, however, the show is produced by the evangelical magazine Christianity Today and it is hosted by a former pastor, Mike Cosper. The show discusses Mars Hill's emphasis on church growth. The show draws out the connections between Mars Hill Church and the Southern Baptist Convention.
The show discusses how the Acts 29 network was co-founded by Driscoll. The podcast focuses heavily on masculinity and notes that Driscoll's approach to motivating men is a form of toxic masculinity. The show discusses Driscoll's Calvinist approach to theology and his emphasis on the need for men to stand and fight against things like feminism, LGBTQ people, Muslims, and secularism. Driscoll is grouped with other celebrity pastors who have lost public support such as Ravi Zacharias and Bill Hybels.
Format
The show is a twelve part series. The show interviews guests from a variety of disciplines—historians, sociologists, and anthropologists—in order to better understand Mars Hill and Mark Driscoll. Episode five included an interview with Dr. Rose Madrid-Swetman. There is a bonus episode dedicated specifically to Joshua Harris. The podcast's title and journalistic style resemble the true crime genre.
Reception
The podcast received four out of five mics from Podcast Magazine. Concerns have been raised by Brad Hambrick of the Center for Faith & Culture regarding whether a podcast like The Rise and Fall of Mars Hill Church is healthy or not. Trevin Wax of The Gospel Coalition, noted that "Christian podcasts in the journalism genre will stand in the shadow of this one, much like Serial changed the game for narrative podcasts nationwide" and the show's production quality has been noted by others.
See also
Oh No, Ross and Carrie!
Harry Potter and the Sacred Text
On Being
References
External links
American podcasts
2021 podcast debuts
Religion and spirituality podcasts
Audio podcasts
Christian podcasts
Documentary podcasts
Berkrerk Chartvanchai (, October 25, 1944 – March 7, 2022) was a boxing champion who won the WBA World Flyweight Title on April 5, 1970 against Bernabe Villacampo in a fifteen round split decision at Bangkok, Thailand. Chartvanchai became the third Thai in history to hold a version of the World Flyweight Title (The first one is Pone Kingpetch, the second is a Chartchai Chionoi).
Early life and career
Chartvanchai was born in Thai Chinese family on October 25, 1944 in Phra Nakhon District near Memorial Bridge, Bangkok, Thailand. His real name was Tinapong Sae-Han (ติณพงษ์ แซ่ห่าน) or Tinapong Hantanasirisakul (ติณพงษ์ หาญตนศิริสกุล). Before he was a professional boxer, he used to be a famous Muay Thai fighter under the ring name "Berkrerk Lookyodfah" (เบิกฤกษ์ ลูกยอดฟ้า). He had won the championships of the Rajadamnern Stadium and Lumpinee Boxing Stadium.
He began competitive professional boxing in early 1966, and in his first twenty-seven bouts through January 1970, he won twenty-four with the remaining three as draws. Nearly all of his early bouts took place in his native Bangkok. By June 1967, he was fighting better known opponents, winning his first bout with Bernabe Villacampo on May 6, 1969, in a ten round points decision.
Taking the WBA World Flyweight Title
Chartvanchai took the WBA World Flyweight Title on April 5, 1970 against Bernabe Villacampo in a fifteen round split decision at Charusathian Stadium, Bangkok, Thailand. In a close bout, the Associated Press had the scoring 73-70 for Chartvanchai. Chartvanchai used primarily body punches and solid defense to take the title. He made Villicampo miss repeatedly and scored frequently with blows to the torso. In the eighth he opened a cut above Villacampo's eye that bothered his opponent throughout the remainder of the bout. One source noted "Villicampo...was the more aggressive but could not land telling blows." Many of Chartvanchai's best scoring punches were quick strikes to the torso after breaking out of clinches.
On July 25, 1970, in a non-title fight he lost to Filipino boxer Erbito Salavario in a non-title ten round fight in Manila. Salavario was Flyweight Champion of the Orient. Chartvantchai at 115, outweighed his opponent by two pounds.
Losing the WBA World Flyweight Title
On October 22, 1970, he lost the WBA World Flyweight Title in a thirteenth round knockout against Masao Oba in a title bout at Nichidi Auditorium in Tokyo, Japan. According to one source, the bout was postponed from its initial date when Chartvanchai took ill with a high fever. Chartvanchai was down three times in the third round before finally being called out for the full count at their bout at Nihon University. Enrique Jimenez refereed. Chartvanchai was finished off with a volley of punches to the head at 2:16 into the thirteenth round. He had trouble making the weight limit, even after doing light exercise and taking a steam bath, which may have weakened him for the bout. Oba gained a considerable lead in points throughout the match.
Retirement
After retiring he changed his real name to Berkrerk Chartvanchai. Chartvanchai studied at the Postal School, and worked as a postal employee of the Communications Authority of Thailand (CAT) until retirement in 2004. He later lived with his family at Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province. Chartvanchai died on March 7, 2022, at the age of 77.
References
External links
Achievements
1944 births
2022 deaths
World Boxing Association champions
World flyweight boxing champions
Flyweight boxers
World boxing champions
Berkrerk Chartvanchai
Berkrerk Chartvanchai
Berkrerk Chartvanchai
Berkrerk Chartvanchai
Berkrerk Chartvanchai
The 2013–14 Rain or Shine Elasto Painters season was the eighth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
February 7, 2014: Elasto Painters coach Yeng Guiao was served with a one-game suspension and missed Game 5 of the semifinals match-up between Rain or Shine and Petron. Rain or Shine won the game though, 97–88 while Guiao was watching in his house, and the Elasto Painters book first finals spot.
Draft picks
Roster
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters seasons
Rain Or Shine Elasto Painters Season, 2013-14
Murshidabad-Jiaganj is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography
Jiaganj is located at
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block lies in the Ganges-Bhagirathi Basin, which is a long and narrow river valley. The Bhagirathi River splits the district into two natural physiographic regions – Rarh on the west and Bagri on the east. It has fertile soil suitable for cultivation.
The Bagri or the eastern part of the district is a low lying alluvial plain with the shape of an isosceles triangle. The Ganges/Padma and the Bhagirathi form the two equal sides; the Jalangi forms the entire base; other offshoots of the Ganges meander within the area. It is liable to be flooded by the spill of the Bhagirathi and other rivers.
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block is bounded by Bhagawangola I and Bhagawangola II CD blocks in the north, Raninagar I CD blocks in the east, Berhampore CD block in the south and Nabagram CD block in the west.
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block has an area of 192.13 km2. It has 1 panchayat samity, 8 gram panchayats, 153 gram sansads (village councils), 132 mouzas and 127 inhabited villages. Murshidabad and Jiaganj police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this CD block is at Murshidabad.
Gram panchayats in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block/ panchayat samiti are: Bahadurpur, Dahapara, Dangapara, Kapasdanga, Mukundabagh, Nutungram, Prosadpur and Tentulia.
Demographics
Population
According to the 2011 Census of India, Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block had a total population of 234,565, all of which were rural. There were 121,187 (52%) males and 113,378 (48%) females. The population in the age range 0-6 years was 28,993. Scheduled Castes numbered 40,442 (17.24%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 12,326 (5.25%).
As per 2001 census, Murshidabad-Jiaganj block has a total population of 199,261, out of which 103,421 were males and 96,200 were females. Murshidabad-Jiaganj block registered a population growth of 26.11 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
The decadal growth of population in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block in 2001-2011 was 17.13%.
Villages
Large villages in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block were (2011 population figure in brackets): Sanyasidanga (6,891), Talgachi (10,435), Chunakhali (5,599), Khanpur (7,118), Kapasdanda (5,154), Gudhia (9,660), Tentulia (7,576), Dharmmapur (5,319), Hasenpur (8,093) and Dangapara (4,900).
Literacy
As per the 2011 census, the total number of literate persons in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block was 142,137 (69.12% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 77,495 (72.82% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 64,642 (65.16% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was 7.66%.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Language and religion
In the 2001 census, Bengali was mother tongue of 98.3% of the population in Murshidabad district, followed by Santhali 0.8%, Hindi 0.4%, Telugu 0.2% and Urdu 0.1%.
In the 2011 census, Muslims numbered 127,886 and formed 54.52% of the population in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block. Hindus numbered 104,636 and formed 44.61% of the population. Others numbered 2,043 and formed 0.87% of the population. In Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block while the proportion of Muslims increased marginally from 52.27% in 1991 to 52.81% in 2001, the proportion of Hindus declined marginally from 46.92% in 1991 to 46.03% in 2001.
Murshidabad district had 4,707,573 Muslims who formed 66.27% of the population, 2,359,061 Hindus who formed 33.21% of the population, and 37, 173 persons belonging to other religions who formed 0.52% of the population, in the 2011 census. While the proportion of Muslim population in the district increased from 61.40% in 1991 to 63.67% in 2001, the proportion of Hindu population declined from 38.39% in 1991 to 35.92% in 2001.
Rural poverty
As per the Human Development Report 2004 for West Bengal, the rural poverty ratio in Murshidabad district was 46.12%. Purulia, Bankura and Birbhum districts had higher rural poverty ratios. These estimates were based on Central Sample data of NSS 55th round 1999-2000.
Economy
Livelihood
In Murshidabad Jiaganj-CD block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 15,450 and formed 18.06%, agricultural labourers numbered 36,829 and formed 43.06%, household industry workers numbered 5,127 and formed 5.99% and other workers numbered 28,124 and formed 32.88%.
Infrastructure
There are 127 inhabited villages in Murshidabad-Jiaganaj CD block. 100% villages have power supply and drinking water supply. 14 villages (11.02%) have post offices. 115 villages (90.55%) have telephones (including landlines, public call offices and mobile phones). 57 villages (44.88%) have a pucca approach road and 54 villages (44.52%) have transport communication (includes bus service, rail facility and navigable waterways). 7 villages (5.51%) have agricultural credit societies and 11 villages (8.66%) have banks.
Agriculture
From 1977 onwards major land reforms took place in West Bengal. Land in excess of land ceiling was acquired and distributed amongst the peasants. Following land reforms land ownership pattern has undergone transformation. In 2013-14, persons engaged in agriculture in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block could be classified as follows: bargadars 3,766 (4.90%), patta (document) holders 5,690 (7.40%), small farmers (possessing land between 1 and 2 hectares) 4,040 (5.25%), marginal farmers (possessing land up to 1 hectare) 26,585 (34.57%) and agricultural labourers 36,829 (47.89%).
Murshidabad-Jiaganj II CD block had 130 fertiliser depots, 3 seed stores and 41 fair price shops in 2013-14.
In 2013-14, Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block produced 671 tonnes of Aman paddy, the main winter crop from 307 hectares, 5,431 tonnes of Boro paddy (spring crop) from 1,691 hectares, 141 tonnes of Aus paddy (summer crop) from 75 hectares, 8,930 tonnes of wheat from 3,985 hectares, 31 tonnes of maize from 12 hectares, 91,177 tonnes of jute from 7,991 hectares and 9,499 tonnes of potatoes from 495 hectares. It also produced pulses and oilseeds.
In 2013-14, the total area irrigated in Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block was 9,889 hectares, out of which 150 hectares were irrigated with canal water, 2,500 hectares with tank water, 959 hectares with river lift irrigation, 920 hectares by deep tube well, 320 hectares with shallow tube well and 5,040 hectares by other means.
Silk and handicrafts
Murshidabad is famous for its silk industry since the Middle Ages. There are three distinct categories in this industry, namely (i) Mulberry cultivation and silkworm rearing (ii) Peeling of raw silk (iii) Weaving of silk fabrics.
Ivory carving is an important cottage industry from the era of the Nawabs. The main areas where this industry has flourished are Khagra and Jiaganj. 99% of ivory craft production is exported. In more recent years sandalwood etching has become more popular than ivory carving. Bell metal and Brass utensils are manufactured in large quantities at Khagra, Berhampore, Kandi and Jangipur. Beedi making has flourished in the Jangipur subdivision.
Banking
In 2013-14, Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block had offices of 7 commercial banks and 1 gramin bank.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Murshidabad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 11 districts of West Bengal.
Transport
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block has 6 ferry services and 5 originating/ terminating bus routes.
The Ranaghat-Lalgola branch line was opened in 1905. It passes through this CD Block and there are stations at Jiaganj and Murshidabad.
Baharampur-Lalgola Road and Rabindra Sarani-Siraj-ud-daulah Road pass through this block.
Education
In 2013-14, Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block had 110 primary schools with 12,409 students, 6 middle schools with 473 students, 4 high schools with 4,801 students and 10 higher secondary schools with 16,174 students. Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block had 2 technical/ professional institutions with 194 students and 415 institutions for special and non-formal education with 18,231 students.
In Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block, amongst the 127 inhabited villages, 26 villages did not have a school, the highest amongst all CD blocks in the district, 34 villages have more than 1 primary school, 28 villages have at least 1 primary and 1 middle school and 20 villages had at least 1 middle and 1 secondary school.
Culture
Jiaganj Murshidabad CD block has two historical centres, a temple town, three palatial buildings and several historical mosques:
Healthcare
In 2014, Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block had 2 primary health centres, 1 Government of India/ central PSU medical unit and 1 private nursing home with total 8 beds and 3 doctors (excluding private bodies). It had 29 family welfare subcentres. 96,835 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD block.
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block has Jiaganj Rural Hospital at Jiaganj (with 30 beds), Azimganj Primary Health Centre (with 15 beds), Dangapra PHC at Hasanpur (with 4 beds) and Lalkuthi PHC at Dahapara (with 4 beds).
Murshidabad-Jiaganj CD block is one of the areas of Murshidabad district where ground water is affected by a high level of arsenic contamination. The WHO guideline for arsenic in drinking water is 10 mg/ litre, and the Indian Standard value is 50 mg/ litre. All but one of the 26 blocks of Murshidabad district have arsenic contamination above the WHO level, all but two of the blocks have arsenic concentration above the Indian Standard value and 17 blocks have arsenic concentration above 300 mg/litre. The maximum concentration in Murshidabad-Jiagnj CD block is 286 mg/litre.
External links
References
Community development blocks in Murshidabad district
Florida Georgia Line are an American country music duo founded in 2010 by Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley, both of whom are vocalists and songwriters. Their 2012 debut single "Cruise" broke two major sales records: it was downloaded over seven million times, making it the first country song ever to receive the Diamond certification, and it became the best-selling digital country song, with 24 weeks at number one, until it was surpassed in July 2017 by Sam Hunt's "Body Like a Back Road". "Cruise" helped to pioneer a style of country music known as "bro-country", which incorporates production elements from rock and hip-hop music, and tends to cover subject matter such as partying, drinking, driving trucks and sexual attraction. Much of their subsequent music has been tagged with the "bro-country" label as well.
Florida Georgia Line was formed in 2010 in Nashville, Tennessee, and began as a cover band. In December 2011, they signed to the Big Loud Mountain label. Their second EP, It'z Just What We Do, was released in 2012 and charted on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. Several months later they signed with Republic Nashville, part of the Big Machine Label Group. They released their second album, Anything Goes on October 14, 2014. Their third album, Dig Your Roots, was released on August 26, 2016, and the fourth Can't Say I Ain't Country on February 15, 2019. Their fifth album, Life Rolls On, was released on February 12, 2021.
Early history
Both members of Florida Georgia Line first gained interest in music through church worship services. Brian Kelley, from Ormond Beach, Florida, was a star pitcher on his high school baseball team, leading to a scholarship at Florida State University; he later transferred to Belmont University after it became clear to him he would not succeed in the sport. He began learning to play guitar then began writing music inspired by Christian rock group Casting Crowns. Tyler Hubbard, a native of Monroe, Georgia, was a church worship leader who formed a hip hop group, Ingenious Circuit, in his teens. The two had a myriad of musical interests growing up: "Me and my friends drove trucks, listened to Garth Brooks, Alabama, Lil Wayne and Eminem," said Kelley.
The duo met at Belmont University in 2008 through a campus worship group, and following graduation, decided to give themselves two years to succeed as a country duo. They moved in together and began several odd jobs to pay bills, while playing clubs on the weekends. While independent, they recorded and digitally distributed their first EP, Anything Like Me (2010). They were discovered by Nickelback producer Joey Moi at a county fair, and the three began entering the studio together. Unlike typical country music sessions, the group spent days polishing songs, which were collected on the duo's second EP, It'z Just What We Do (2012). In terms of production, the band modeled their sound on bands such as Nickelback, Shinedown, and Three Days Grace, while Moi aimed for each song to resemble hair metal group Def Leppard in structure. Major labels became interested when the song "Cruise" first aired on satellite radio on The Highway channel and began selling well in the iTunes Store, leading to a deal with Republic Nashville and Big Machine Label Group.
Kelley likes to think of his career not as a career, but as a lifestyle. "Country music is always evolving and will continue to evolve," he told Forbes magazine.
Musical career
2010: Anything Like Me
Florida Georgia Line's first EP, released on December 14, 2010, is a six-song EP produced with Wesley Walker. All of the songs were written by either Hubbard or Hubbard and Kelley. The EP consists of the songs "You're Country", "Now That She's Gone", "Man I Am Today", "Never Let Her Go" (co-written with "Cruise" co-writer Chase Rice), "Black Tears", and "Backwoods Beauty Queen". The song "Black Tears" was also on Jason Aldean's 2012 album Night Train.
2012–2013: It'z Just What We Do and Here's to the Good Times
The duo's second EP is a five-song EP produced by Joey Moi on Big Loud Mountain Records and released on May 15, 2012. It starts off with "Cruise" and also includes "Get Your Shine On", "Tip It Back", "Tell Me How You Like It", and the title track "It'z Just What We Do".
The duo's first studio album, Here's to the Good Times, was an 11-song album produced by Joey Moi on Republic Nashville and released on December 4, 2012. The pair's first full-length, Here's to the Good Times, was the sixth-best-selling album of 2013 (topping Drake and Katy Perry, among others). "Cruise", the first single, reached number one on the Country Airplay chart dated December 15, 2012. A remix of "Cruise" featuring Nelly later hit number four on the US Billboard Hot 100. Florida Georgia Line's signature hit, "Cruise", holds one major record to date: the best-selling country digital song of all time, with sales surpassing 10 million. The song spent a record 24 weeks at number one on Billboards Hot Country Songs chart, which was the longest reign in the history of the chart until July 2017 when it was surpassed by Sam Hunt's "Body Like a Back Road".
The album's second single, "Get Your Shine On", was released to country radio on January 21, 2013, and reached number one on the Country Airplay chart in May 2013. It was co-written by the duo along with Rodney Clawson and Chris Tompkins. "Round Here" was released as the album's third single on June 3, 2013, and reached number one on the Country Airplay chart in September 2013. The album's fourth single, "Stay", was released to country radio on October 7, 2013. It was co-written and originally recorded by Black Stone Cherry. It reached number one on the Hot Country Songs chart and the Country Airplay chart in December 2013.
A deluxe edition of Here's to the Good Times titled Here's to the Good Times... This Is How We Roll was released on November 25, 2013. A music video for "It'z Just What We Do" premiered on December 13, 2013, with the video being uploaded to YouTube on December 26, 2013. "This Is How We Roll", a collaboration with Luke Bryan, was released from the deluxe edition as the album's fifth and final single on February 10, 2014, and reached number one on the Hot Country Songs chart in March 2014.
Florida Georgia Line toured the United States as part of the Dirt Road Diaries Tour with Thompson Square and headlining act Luke Bryan. In June 2013, the album reached number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. It stayed at the top spot for ten weeks.
2014–2017: Anything Goes and Dig Your Roots
The duo revealed on August 15, 2014, that their second studio album would be titled Anything Goes with a release date of October 14, 2014. The album's first single, "Dirt", was released to country radio and digital sales outlets on July 8, 2014, and became the sixth consecutive single by Florida Georgia Line to make the top five on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. "Sun Daze" was released to digital sales outlets on September 16, 2014. A week later, the album's title track, "Anything Goes", was released on September 22, 2014. Florida Georgia Line also appeared on the Hot Tours recap. "Confession" was released to country radio on November 3, 2015 as the album's final single, and reached number one on the Country Airplay chart in April 2016.
In 2016, Florida Georgia Line became the first and only country artist to receive the Digital Diamond Award, for their single "Cruise" crossing the 10× Platinum threshold.
The duo released their third studio album Dig Your Roots on August 29, 2016, featuring Tim McGraw, Ziggy Marley, and the Backstreet Boys and started their Dig Your Roots tour, with Ryan Follesé, Chris Lane, and Dustin Lynch. They collaborated with Bebe Rexha on the song "Meant to Be" for her EP, All Your Fault: Pt. 2. Along with Hank Williams Jr. and Jason Derulo, Florida Georgia Line sang "All My Rowdy Friends Are Here on Monday Night" for ESPN's Monday Night Football NFL broadcasts in 2017.
2018–2022: Can't Say I Ain't Country and Life Rolls On
The duo released "Simple" to country radio on June 1, 2018. Since then, they have released the preview tracks "Colorado," "Talk You Out of It," and "Sittin Pretty." "Talk You Out of It" was announced as the second single from the album, and was released to country radio on November 5, 2018. On December 11, 2018, the duo announced their fourth studio album, Can't Say I Ain't Country, which was released on February 15, 2019. On September 30, 2019, they won the Breakout Artist of the Decade award, along with Single of the Decade for their Diamond-certified 2012 hit “Cruise,” and Music Event of the Decade for "Meant to Be", their 2017 collaboration with Bebe Rexha. On September 23, 2019, Blessings was released as the third single to country radio. On February 19, 2020, the duo featured on the country remix of Canadian singer Justin Bieber's January 2020 single, "Yummy". The original song is the lead single of Bieber's fifth studio album, Changes, released five days before the remix.
On March 27, 2020, the duo released "I Love My Country", the debut single off their upcoming fifth album. The duo appeared on NBC's Songland where they premiered the track "Second Guessing". On May 22, 2020, they released the 6-Pack EP. In June 2020, they were featured on Christian music singer Chris Tomlin's "Thank You Lord" with Thomas Rhett. The track was part of Tomlin's collaboration album Chris Tomlin & Friends, which included "Forever Home", another track they were featured on. Both members of the duo were co-executive producers of the album and co-writers on many of the tracks. In September 2020, the duo released the single "Long Live". They then released the single "Lil Bit", a collaboration with Nelly from his upcoming country-influenced album Heartland, a project the duo are co-executive producers on. They were also featured on long-time friend Chase Rice's single "Drinkin' Beer. Talkin' God. Amen.". In December 2020, they announced their fifth studio album Life Rolls On, which was released on February 12, 2021, and includes "Long Live", as well as all six songs from the 6-Pack EP.
In February 2022, Hubbard and Kelley announced they will be "taking a break" from recording music together and will be on an indefinite hiatus from touring after several live shows they have booked in 2022.
Philanthropy and impact
Brian and Tyler have participated in a number of philanthropic endeavors, but mostly focus on feeding the hungry. In 2014, the band was the face of the General Mills "Outnumber Hunger" campaign, which raised $1.2M for Feeding America.
"Through our experiences with Outnumber Hunger, we have learned the far reach of hunger in America, affecting people from all different backgrounds," said Tyler Hubbard, the Georgia half of Florida Georgia Line. "This year, we're proud to take an even bigger role in the fight against hunger and rally the nation to help those in need."
Controversy
In July 2016, Florida Georgia Line came under fire when they banned law enforcement from being backstage during a concert in Wisconsin. Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said he never found out why the band's agent made this request. Following the incident, Brian Kelley called Kenosha County sheriff David Beth and apologized, calling it a misunderstanding. The duo issued an apology.
Personal lives
On December 16, 2013, Kelley married his girlfriend of seven months, Brittney Marie Cole. In 2014, Kelley appeared on Animal Planet's Treehouse Masters.
In February 2014, Hubbard sustained a back injury in a dirt bike accident. On July 1, 2015, Hubbard married his longtime girlfriend Hayley Stommel. The couple have three children together: daughter Olivia Rose Hubbard (born December 2017), and sons Luca Reed Hubbard (born August 19, 2019) and Atlas Roy Hubbard (born September 24, 2020).
In 2015, Forbes estimated that Florida Georgia Line's annual income was $36.5 million, split evenly between both men.
Discography
Studio albums
Here's to the Good Times (2012)
Anything Goes (2014)
Dig Your Roots (2016)
Can't Say I Ain't Country (2019)
Life Rolls On (2021)
Tours
Headlining
Here's to the Good Times Tour (2013–2014)
Anything Goes Tour (2015)
Dig Your Roots Tour (2016)
Smooth Tour (2017)
Can't Say I Ain't Country Tour (2019)
Supporting
The Summer Never Ends Tour (2012) with Jake Owen
Dirt Road Diaries Tour (2013) with Luke Bryan
The Red Tour (2013) with Taylor Swift
Burn It Down Tour (2014) with Jason Aldean
Kick the Dust Up Tour (2015) with Luke Bryan
Chillaxification Tour (2020) with Kenny Chesney
Awards and nominations
Businesses
Florida Georgia Line has taken advantage of their musical career success and used it to open other businesses that have been successful partially because of the popularity in the country music community. They have used their music to promote their own brand of whiskey “Old Camp Whiskey” in their song Smooth and their feature on Morgan Wallen's single Up Down. The duo also has a restaurant named FGL House in Nashville, TN, as well as a new creative compound in Nashville, that is home to three businesses. The three business are meet + greet, Tree Vibez Music (which is a publishing company launched by Kelley and Hubbard in 2015), and Tribe Kelley Trading Post (which is a business started by Brian Kelley and his wife.) The two men launched Round Here Records in 2019; an independent label with Canaan Smith signed as the flagship artist.
Television appearances
References
External links
2010 establishments in Tennessee
Country music groups from Tennessee
American musical duos
Country music duos
Musical groups established in 2010
Musical groups from Nashville, Tennessee
Republic Records artists
Male musical duos
Símun av Skarði (3 May 1872 – 9 October 1942) was a Faroese poet, politician, and teacher.
Biography
Símun was born in the village of Skarð on Kunoy. In 1893, he entered the seminary in Tórshavn, which he graduated from as a teacher in 1896. He attended Askov Højskole from 1896 to 1898, and then the State Teachers College in Copenhagen from 1898 to 1899. In 1899, he co-founded the Faroese folk high school (Føroya Fólkaháskúli) together with Rasmus Rasmussen (1871–1962). He worked there as headmaster and teacher from 1899 to 1942. Símun's sister, Anna Suffía Rasmussen (1876–1932), who had married Rasmus Rasmussen, served as the superintendent. Rasmus Rasmussen worked there as a teacher until 1947.
He was the husband of the educator Sanna av Skarði (1876–1978), who also taught at Føroya Fólkaháskúli. They were the parents of
the journalist Sigrið av Skarði Joensen (1908–1975) and linguist Jóhannes av Skarði (1911–1999). Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen is his great-grandson-in-law.
His best-known work as a poet is the Faroese National Anthem, Mítt alfagra land, better known by its incipit Tú alfagra land mítt. He was a member of parliament for the Self-Government Party (Sjálvstýrisflokkurin) from 1906 to 1914.
References
Other sources
Løgtingið og høvundarnir 2: Løgtingið 150 (1st ed.) p. 350. Tórshavn Løgtingið 2002.
External links
Føroya Fólkaháskúli website
1872 births
1942 deaths
20th-century Faroese poets
Faroese-language poets
Self-Government (Faroe Islands) politicians
Members of the Løgting
National anthem writers
Faroese male poets
19th-century Faroese people
20th-century Faroese people
20th-century Danish male writers
The women's 1500 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 9 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
1500 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
Chuck Kyle (born November 22, 1950) is an English teacher at St. Ignatius High School in Cleveland, Ohio, and an American football coach. Since 1983 he has coached at Saint Ignatius, owning an overall record of 353-90-1 (.797) and a mark of 72-18 (.800) in Ohio state playoffs. He has led the St. Ignatius Wildcats to a state-record 11 Division I State Titles: 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1999, 2001, 2008, and 2011. Kyle's Wildcats have also won National Championships in 1989, 1993, 1995, and 2008. In 2018, Kyle was named the 6th greatest high school football coach of all time in a computerized ranking by MaxPreps.
References
For St. Ignatius football coach Chuck Kyle, it's about being part of one team, one school: Terry Pluto
1950 births
Living people
High school football coaches in Ohio
John Carroll University alumni
Sportspeople from Cleveland
Edward Pennefather PC, KC (22 October 1774 – 6 September 1847) was an Irish barrister, Law Officer and judge of the Victorian era, who held office as Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.
Early life
Pennefather was born in Tipperary, the second son of William Pennefather of Knockeevan, member of the Irish House of Commons for Cashel, and his wife Ellen Moore, daughter of Edward Moore, Archdeacon of Emly and Ellen Dobson. He went to school in Clonmel and graduated from the University of Dublin. He was called to the Irish Bar in 1795. He lived at Rathsallagh House, near Dunlavin, County Wicklow.
His brother Richard Pennefather (1773-1859) had a longer and more successful career as a judge: appointed a Baron of the Court of Exchequer in 1821, he served for nearly 40 years and was held in universal regard; with the general support of the profession he remained on the Bench until shortly before his death at eighty-six, by which time he was blind. Edward and Richard, "the two Pennefathers", were leading practitioners in the Court of Chancery (Ireland).
Edward was generally regarded as more gifted, a master of the law of equity and also a skilled libel lawyer. In 1816 he was one of the lead counsel in the celebrated libel case of Bruce v. Grady, which arose from the publication of a scurrilous poem called "The Nosegay", written by a barrister Thomas Grady about his former friend, the notably eccentric banker George Evans Brady of Hermitage House, Castleconnell. The quarrel is said to have arisen from a dispute over money which Bruce had loaned to Grady. The plaintiff claimed £20000; the jury awarded £500.
Law officer and judge
He was made a King's Counsel by 1816. He was very briefly Attorney-General for Ireland in 1830, and was made Third Serjeant-at-law (Ireland) in the same year. He became Second Serjeant and First Serjeant in the two following years. He was Solicitor-General for Ireland in the First Peel ministry in 1835 and again in the Second Peel ministry in 1841. In the latter year, he was appointed Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench for Ireland and held the position until he resigned on health grounds in 1846.
Reputation
According to Elrington Ball, Pennefather was considered to be one of the greatest Irish advocates of his time, and one with few rivals in any age, but he did not live up to expectations as a judge, due largely to his age and increasing ill-health. As a judge he is remembered mainly for presiding at the trial of Daniel O'Connell in 1843 for sedition, where his alleged bias against the accused damaged his reputation: he was accused of acting as prosecutor rather than judge, and his summing-up was described as simply an extra speech for the prosecution. Further damage to his reputation was done by the majority decision of the House of Lords quashing the verdict in the O'Connell case: while many of the errors were the fault of the prosecution, the Law Lords did not spare Pennefather for his conduct of the proceedings, and in particular for his summing-up. The Law Lords commented severely that the course of the trial, if condoned, would make a mockery of trial by jury in Ireland.
The related trial of Sir John Grey descended into farce when the Attorney General, Sir Thomas Cusack-Smith, who was noted for his hot temper, challenged one of the defence counsel Gerald Fitzgibbon to a duel, for having allegedly accused him of improper motives. Pennefather told the Attorney General severely that a man in his position had no excuse for such conduct, whereupon the Attorney General agreed to let the matter drop. The public noted with interest that Fitzgibbon's wife and daughter had been present in Court during the contretemps.
Family
In 1806 he married Susannah Darby, the eldest daughter of John Darby of Leap Castle, County Offaly, and his wife Anne Vaughan, and sister of John Nelson Darby, one of the most influential of the early Plymouth Brethren. They had ten children, including Edward, the eldest son and heir; Richard, Auditor General of Ceylon; Ellen, who married James Thomas O'Brien, Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin, and Dorothea, (Dora) (1825-1859), who married in 1850, as his second wife, James Stopford, 4th Earl of Courtown, and had three sons. Two of Dora's sons, General Sir Frederick Stopford, commander at the Landing at Suvla Bay, and Admiral Walter Stopford, became famous.
References
1775 births
1847 deaths
Irish barristers
Solicitors-General for Ireland
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Lords chief justice of Ireland
People from County Tipperary
Serjeants-at-law (Ireland)
Gradnik () is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Mass grave
Gradnik is the site of a mass grave from the Second World War. The Pintarca Mass Grave () is located on the southwest slope of a large sinkhole about east of Omota. It contains the remains of four to six people killed by the Partisans in October 1943.
Church
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to Parish of Semič. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1523 and was restyled in the Baroque in the 18th century.
References
External links
Gradnik at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Radical 206 meaning "sacrificial tripod" or "three-legged cauldron" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 14 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
Characters with Radical 206
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+9F0E
206
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Seri Perak (SEMARAK) or formerly known as Sekolah Menengah Telok Anson, is a secondary school located in Teluk Intan in Perak, Malaysia. The school was opened in 1957 but officially named in 1965. It is one of the oldest schools that provides a Malay Stream not only in Perak but also in Malaysia. In 1998 the school was officially listed as a Sekolah Bestari (Smart School).
Emblem
The shield is divided into three sections. The middle section is coloured red symbolizing determination. The other hues that are used are black, white, and yellow which are the official colours of the State of Perak.
In the centre of the emblem is a wreath made from flower of rice which circulates another symbol which is a book which represents knowledge. On top of the book are a coil which represents science and a wheel which symbolizes technology. Passing through the symbol of a book is a torch which represents the Torch of Knowledge.
School anthem
Kami Pelajar Sekolah Seri Perak<br/ >
Tumpukan Tenaga Pastikan Tetap Berjaya*<br/ >
Tujuan Kami Bersih, Suci, dan Murni<br/ >
Nama yang Tertinggi Tetap Kami Hormati<br/ >
Marilah Kita Bekerjasama (Chorus)<br/ >
Tinggikan Taraf Kita<br/ >
Buktikan Setia Setiap Masa<br/ >
Kuatkan Semangat cita-cita<br/ >
Kami Pelajar Berpimpinan Murni<br/ >
Semangat Berkobar untuk Bangsa dan Negara
For the second line of the lyric, the original lyric before altered in the year of 1993 was:Berikrar Berusaha Belajar Terus Belajar
History
It began in 1958 with the name of Sekolah Menengah Telok Anson commemorating Telok Anson. During that time, some students had to study at Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Sultan Abdul Aziz while the buildings for the school were under construction. By 1964, the buildings were complete and were officially opened by Sultan Idris Shah of Perak on January 17, 1965. At that time the school was lacking in proper amenities because there were only few blocks built including few classes, a science lab, an ERT room, a boys hostel, and two houses for teachers. In 1971 more blocks were built such as a big hall and a block for Physics, Chemistry, and Biology labs
In commemoration of the state of Perak, the school was renamed in 1974 as Sekolah Menengah Seri Perak replacing the name of Sekolah Menengah Telok Anson, followed by the formation of Form 6 Science Stream.
In 1986, three more buildings were built including 10 classrooms and one staffroom and were opened by Perak's YB Menteri Besar, Dato' Sri Ramli Ngah Talib. In 1995 a lecture hall was built, with other buildings in 2002 and 2007.
Principals
January 1964—February 1964: Mr. V. Shanmugam
February 1964—January 1965: Mr. Foong See Toon
January 1965—October 1972: Tuan Haji Zainal Adnan Bin Yang Yahya
October 1972—March 1974: Mr. Zainuddin Bin Yeop Mat Tamin
March 1974—April 1977: Mr. Rozali Bin Nordin
April 1977—October 1978: Tuan Haji Moh Arif Bin Osman
October 1978—December 1979: Mr. Adnan Bin Bashah
January 1980—January 1992: Mr. Zainal Abidin Bin Haji Abdullah
January 1992—October 1997: Tuan Haji Abdullah Bin Othman
October 1997—June 1999: Encik Saharuddin Bin Atan
July 1999—September 2007: Puan Hajah Nor Ainy Binti Abdul Hamid
September 2007—March 2009: Tuan Muhd Suod Bin Mat Thani
March 2009 – 2011&iHajah Naimah Binti Ali
2011-2016 :Tn Haji Masri B Suwarto
2016-2017:Tn Haji Muhd Shafie B Abdul Karim.
2018-Now :Pn Sanafiza Bt Salim
References
External links
SMK Seri Perak's Official Website—
Educational institutions established in 1958
Schools in Perak
1958 establishments in Malaya
Zollernia is a genus of the family Fabaceae native to Central and South America. Zollernia are trees or shrubs that flower annually.
Leaves of Zollernia ilicifolia are used medicinally as an analgesic and antiulcerogenic by the peoples of the Brazilian Tropical Atlantic Rainforest.
References
Exostyleae
Fabaceae genera
Flora of Central America
Flora of South America
Flora of Brazil
Flora of Atlantic Forest (biome)
Medicinal plants of South America
Taxa named by Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied
Trees of Central America
Trees of South America
Richard Terry Bates (born 17 June 1972) is a former English cricketer. Bates was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. He was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire.
Cricket career
Bates was a junior at Bourne CC and a made his debut in county cricket for Lincolnshire in the Minor Counties Championship against Bedfordshire in 1990. Bates played 2 further Championship matches for the county, against Hertfordshire in 1990 and Cumberland in 2006. He played 3 matches for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy: Twice against Suffolk and once against Devon. Bates made his debut in List A cricket for Lincolnshire in the 1990 NatWest Trophy against Gloucestershire.
In 1993, he made his debut in first-class cricket for Nottinghamshire against Oxford University. From 1993 to 1999, he represented the county in 33 first-class matches, the last of which came against Northamptonshire. In his 33 first-class matches, he scored 450 runs at an average of 12.50, with a high score of 34, while in the field he took 18 catches. With the ball he took 50 wickets at a bowling average of 50.40, with a single five wicket hauls which gave him best figures of 5/88.
It was in List A cricket that Bates played the majority of his cricket for Nottinghamshire. From 1993 to 1999, he represented the county in 69 matches, the last of which came against Somerset. During his List A playing span with Nottinghamshire, he scored 234 runs at an average of 8.66, with a high score of 28*, while in the field he took 29 catches. With the ball he took 63 wickets at a bowling average of 34.07, with best figures of 3/21.
In 2002, he represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002.
Coaching career
Bates was appointed the coach of the England women's cricket team in 2003. He held the position for 4 years, during which he aided them in regaining the Women's Ashes in 2005. He quit the job in April 2007 and subsequently moved with his family to Australia.
References
External links
Richard Bates at Cricinfo
Richard Bates at CricketArchive
1972 births
Living people
People from Stamford, Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
English cricket coaches
English expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Johanna André (30 June 186123 June 1926) was a German soprano in opera and concert and a voice teacher. A long-term member of the Braunschweig court theatre, she appeared at major German opera houses, especially in dramatic roles such as Beethoven's Fidelio, and Wagner's Senta, Isolde and Brünnhilde. She took part in the world premiere of Wagner's Parsifal at the Bayreuth Festival.
Life
Born in Bad Doberan, André was the daughter of the grand ducal court opera singer Anton André, who was a popular member of the Schwerin court theatre. Her voice was trained in Berlin by Frau Hesse-Bürg, a student of Pauline Viardot. She made her stage debut as Ännchen in Weber's Der Freischütz at the Kroll Opera in 1875. She then performed at the court theatre in Darmstadt and from 1876 at the Stadttheater Bremen. In 1877, she was engaged by Franz Abt for the court theatre in Braunschweig, where she remained until she retired from the stage in 1906. She became known for dramatic roles by Wagner, including Senta in Der fliegende Holländer, Isolde in Tristan und Isolde, and Brünnhilde in Der Ring des Nibelungen. Other leading roles included Donna Anna in Mozart's Don Giovanni and Pamina in Die Zauberflöte, the title role in Beethoven's Fidelio, and Agathe in Der Freischütz. On 27 November 1887, she took part in the world premiere of Der wilde Jäger by August Schulz in Braunschweig.
André sang these roles also as a guest at the Hannover and Kassel court operas, at the Oper Frankfurt and the Oper Leipzig. In 1882, she was invited to participate at the world premiere of Parsifal at the second Bayreuth Festival as one of the Flower Maidens, repeated the two following years.
André was also active as a concert singer and as a singing teacher in Braunschweig, where she died at the age of 64.
References
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg: Johanna André. In Großes biographisches Lexikon der deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. Paul List, Leipzig 1903, .
External links
Johanna André on Stanford University website
German stage actresses
German operatic sopranos
Voice teachers
1861 births
1926 deaths
People from Bad Doberan
Poland competed at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona, Spain, from 27 July - 1 August 2010. A delegation of 71 athletes were sent to represent the country.
Medals
References
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
Lucia Hwong is an American composer and instrumentalist. She has created music for theater, film, television, dance and the concert stage.
Biography
Hwong was born in Hawaii and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her grandmother was a grande dame of Chinese opera and her mother is international actress Lisa Lu. Her first public performance was in concert, playing the pipa, an ancient Chinese lute, at the age of six. She studied ethnomusicology, theater and dance at UCLA and Columbia University from 1978 to 1982, graduating with a B.A. degree cum laude in ethnomusicology.
She has chaired philanthropic events for organizations including the Women's Project, American Theatre Wing, Asia Society and Parrish Art Museum and has been on committees such as Southampton Hospital.
Compositions
Her music for theater includes the scores for the Tony Award-winning Broadway production of M. Butterfly and Tony-nominated Golden Child; as well as David Henry Hwang's New York Shakespeare Festival presentations of Sound and Beauty and The Dance and the Railroad and the Obie Award-winner FOB. She composed the music for Iago and Venus Voodoo at Lincoln Center.
Hwong also scored the Mark Taper and McCarter Theatre premieres of Anna Deavere Smith's Twilight: Los Angeles 1992 and created a 12-tone fugue for Joyce Carol Oates' The Perfectionist. Among her dance scores, Fierce Attachments debuted at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next Wave Festival. She also scored Ali MacGraw's Yoga Mindbody and created music for the Guggenheim Museum's Soho video wall.
Her music for television and film include Hiroshima (NBC), Vietnam War Story (HBO), Forbidden Nights (Tiananmen Square massacre) (ABC), Paper Angels (Angel Island) (PBS), Jennifer's in Jail (girl gangs) (Lifetime), Lotus (women's emancipation in China) (AFI), Who Killed Vincent Chin? (racial murder) (1998 Oscar nomination: Best Documentary) and Silverlake Life: the View from Here (AIDS), honored with Sundance Film Festival and Peabody awards.
Concert pieces include The Unwelcome and Rhythm of Your Pulse, commissioned and performed by the Women's Philharmonic.
Her two albums, House of Sleeping Beauties and Secret Luminescence were released on the Private Music label. The Goddess Trilogy CDs of new-age music were released on her own label, Goddess Music, and received a Visionary Award in 2000.
Discography
The works of Lucia Hwong
Recognition
In 1978, Hwong received a Citation of Outstanding Contribution by the Board of Public Works of the City of Los Angeles. Time magazine (September 1986) and The New York Times (May 1986) included her in a list of America's exceptional new composers; and in 1993, she received the first Asian American Arts award from the Asian American Arts Alliance as Artist of the Year.
Composer Philip Glass wrote, "a young generation of composers has begun to appear. And the thing which distinguishes them...is that they represent...dual tradition...perhaps really for the first time, or something new. Not a borrowing from one tradition or incorporating the sounds of another, but a real blending of Eastern and Western music. Lucia Hwong is such a composer."
Hwong is on the Board of The Women's Project and was honored at its Women of Achievement Awards on March 2, 2009. Mayor Bloomberg declared the day "Women's Project Day" by Proclamation. Lucia has chaired the 21st, 22nd and 23rd Women's Project Galas.
References
External links
American women composers
21st-century American composers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American people of Chinese descent
Private Music artists
UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture alumni
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
Musicians from Hawaii
Musicians from Los Angeles
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century women composers
The Institute of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IBMBB), Sri Lanka, is the National Node for European Molecular Biology Network (EMBnet) and is designated as a Resource Centre for Molecular Life Sciences by the International Programme in Chemical Sciences, University of Uppsala, Sweden.
External links
Institute of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biotechnology
University of Colombo
Biochemistry research institutes
Research institutes in Sri Lanka
Anwar Yassin (Arabic: أنور ياسين) is a former Lebanese detainee in Israeli prisons. He was both a member of the Popular Guard, the armed wing of the Lebanese Communist Party (LCP), and the broader Lebanese National Resistance Front (LNRF; aka Jammoul) guerrilla alliance, since his early youth in the mid-1980s. He was detained by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) during an operation in southern Lebanon, near the Shebaa Farms, in September 1987, when he was only 17 years old.
He was released in an exchange operation between the Lebanese resistance led by Hizbollah and the IDF in January 2005 after spending 18 years in detention. Anwar Yassin ran for parliamentary elections representing the LCP in May 2005 and got 18,244 votes in Bint Jbeil in southern Lebanon, but lost to his opponents from the Hizbollah and Amal parties.
Since his release from prison, Yassin has been active in both the Union of Lebanese Democratic Youth and the LCP. He was elected as member of the central committee of the party in its 10th congress in March 2009. He also works as a reporter for the Lebanese television station New TV.
See also
George Hawi
Lebanese Civil War
Lebanese Communist Party
Lebanese National Resistance Front
Souha Bechara
Popular Guard
References
External links
Official party website
Union of Lebanese Democratic Youth
Jammoul
New TV
Lebanese prisoners and detainees
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Henry Jacob (1563–1624) was an English clergyman of Calvinist views, who founded a separatist congregation associated with the Brownists.
Life
He was the son of Kohn Jacob, yeoman, of Cheriton, Kent. He matriculated at St. Mary Hall, Oxford on 27 November 1581 and graduated B.A. in 1583 and M.A. in 1586. His father left him property at Godmersham, near Canterbury. For some time he was precentor of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.
About 1590 he joined the Brownists, and when they went into exile in 1593 he moved to Holland. There he formed a technically non-separatist independent faction of former Church of England members. On his return to England in 1597 he heard Thomas Bilson preach at Paul's Cross on the article in the Apostles' Creed relating to Christ's descent into hell. He opposed Bilson's doctrine in a pamphlet, and again had to leave the country.
Though a Brownist, Jacob allowed that the church of England was a true church in need of a thorough reformation. Hence he was commonly called a 'semiseparatist'. Contemporary scholars refer to them as Independents, Brownists, semi-Separatists, or Puritans. They were Calvinist in theological matters. Jacob's relative moderation involved him in a fierce controversy with Francis Johnson. For a time Jacob settled at Middelburg in Zeeland, where he collected a congregation of English exiles. His group of 'Jacobites' included William Ames, Paul Barnes, William Bradshaw and Robert Parker. In 1610 he went to Leyden to confer with John Robinson. Ultimately Jacob adopted Robinson's views on church government, but the influence was mutual.
In 1616 he returned to London with the object of forming a separatist congregation similar to those which he and Robinson had organised in Holland. The religious society which he succeeded in bringing together in Southwark is generally supposed to have been the first congregational church in England. He continued with this congregation for about six years. He travelled to Virginia with some of his family in October 1622 and formed a settlement, which was named after him 'Jacobopolis'. He died in April or May 1624 in the parish of St. Andrew Hubbard, London. By his wife Sara, sister of John Dumaresq of Jersey, who survived him, he had several children, including Henry Jacob the younger. John Lothropp picked up the threads of Jacob's London congregation.
Bibliography
Primary sources
Ames, William, 1576-1633. The relation of church and state [n.d.], in The Reformation of the Church, Murray, I. H. (ed.) [1965]
__. De Conscientia et ejus vel casibus (1630)
__. Conscience with the power and cases thereof. (Tr. out of Latine) (1639) [STC 552]
Bilson, Thomas, 1546-7?-1616. The effect of certaine sermons, touching the full redemption of mankind (1599) [STC 3064]
__. Perpetual government of Christes Church
Bradshaw, William, 1571-1618. A treatise of divine worship, tending to prove that the ceremonies imposed vpon the ministers of the Gospell in England, in the present controversie, are in their vse vnlawfull (1604) [STC 3528]
__. A Protestation of the King's Supremacie (1605) [STC 3525]
Cosin, Richard, 1549?-1597. Answer to the two first and principall tin faction libel, put foorth latelie, without name of author or printer, and without approbation by authoritie, ...
Dickinson, Edmund, 1624-1707. Delphi phoenicizantes, sive Tractatus, in quo Graecos, quicquid apud Delphos celebre erat: ... (1655) [EEb, 1641–1700 ; 528:19]
Downame, George, d. 1634. Defence of the sermon preached at the consecration of the L. Bishop of Bath and Welles [1613]
Featley, Daniel. The Dippers Dipt (1645)
[Fenner, Dudley, 1558?-1587] A counter-poyson, modestly written for the time, to make aunswere to the obiections and reproaches, wherein the aunswere to the Abstract, would disgrace the holy discipline of Christ [1584] [EEb, 1475-1460; 224:8] [STC (2nd ed.) 10770] [ESTCS101936]
Howard, Luke., A Looking-Glass for Baptists (1672)
Jacob, Henry, 1563-1624.
__. A treatise of the sufferings and victory of Christ, in then work of our redemption declaring by the Scriptures these two questions, ... (1598) [EEb, 1475–1640; 936:16][STC 14340] [ESCTS107530]
__. A Defence of the Chvrches and Ministry of Englande. Written in two treatises, against the reasons and obiections of Maister Francis Iohnson. and others of the separation commonly called Brownists, ... (1599) [EEb, 1475–1640; 251:2][STC 14335] [ESTCS107526]
__. A short treatise concerning the trvenes of a pastorall calling in pastors made by prelates ... (1599)
__. A defence of a treatise touching the sufferings and victorie of Christ in the worke of our redemption. ... (1600) [EEb, 1475–1640; 936:15][STC (2nd ed.)14333] [ESTCS103093]
__. [Another. ed.] (1600) [STC 14334]
__. Reasons taken ovt of Gods Word and the best humane Testimonies proving a necessitie of reforming ovr churches in England ... (1603) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:9][STC 14338] [ESTCS120955]
__. [Another ed.] (1909)
__. Principles and Foundations of the Christian Religion
__. A Third Humble Supplication of many faithful subjects in England falsely called Puritans directed to the King's Majesty (1605)
__. A Christian and Modest Offer of a Most Indifferent Conference or dispvtation, abovt the Maine and principall coutroversies betwixt the prelate, and the late silenced and deprived ministers in England (1606) [EEb, 1475–1640; 1145:3] [STC 14329] [ESTCS120767]
__. .To the High and mightie Prince, Iames by the grace of God, King of great Britannie, France, and Irelande ... : An Humble Supplication for Toleration and Libertie to Enjoy and Observe the Ordinances of Christ Jesus in th' administration of His Churches in Lieu of Human Constitutions (1609)
__. [Another ed.] (1975)
__. An humble Supplication for Toleration (1609)
__. Divine Beginnings and Institutions of Christ true Visible ... Church, (1610)
__. [The divine beginning of Christs church] (1610) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:7] [STC 14336] [ESTCS101363]
__. A plaine and cleere Exposition of the Second Commandement (1610) [STC 14337]
__. A declaration and plainer opening of certaine pointes in the divine beginning of Christes true Church (1611) [STC 14331]
__. A declaration and plainer opening of certaine points, with a sound confirmation of some other, contained in a teatise intituled, The divine beginning and institution of Christes true visible and ministeriall church (1612) [EEb, 1475–1640; 1145:4, 1549:4][STC 14332] [ESTCS102836]
__. An Attestation of many Learned godly, and famous Divines, lightes of religion, and pillars of the Gospell, iustifying this doctrine, ... (1613) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:5] [STC 14328] [ESTCS117858]
__. An Attestation of many divines that the Church-government ought to bee alwayes with the people's free consent (1613)
__. [Another ed.] (1975)
__. Anno Domini 1616. A Confession and Protestation of the Faith of certaine Christians in England [1616] [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:6] [STC 14330] [ESCTS120216]
__. Kneeling in the act of eating and drinking at the Lords table is a sinne. Proved by 8 arguments printed in the yeare. 1641. (1641) [Wing (2nd ed.) J96] [Thomason Tracts; 163:E.1102(5)][ESTCR208356]
Jessey, Henry, 1603-1663. The Scripture-almanacke, or a calculation according to the English account, and the Word of God. [1646][EEb, 1641–1700; 2380:2] [Wing (CD-ROM, 1996) A1833A] [ESTCR223971]
__. [Another ed.] 1650. The scripture-kalendar, used by the prophets and apostles, and by our Lord Jesus Christ [1650] [EEb, 1641–1700; 2322:4] [Wing A1835A] [ECTSR229487]
__. A Storehouse of Provision (1650)
__. Miscellanea sacra, or, Diverse necessary truths, now as seasonably published, as they were plainly and compendeously proved by Henry Jessey, late minister of the Gospel in London (1665) [EEb, 1641–1700; 1950:6] [Wing (2nd ed.) J695] [ESTCR216570]
__. A Looking-glass for children being a narrative of God's gracious dealings with some little children, recollectedby Henry Jessey in his lifetime [4th ed.; 1673] [EEB, 1641–1700; 2292:24] [Wing P30A] [ESTCR42778]
__. [Another ed.] (1709)[ESTCW38859]
__. "Letters to Henry Jacie", in Collections (Mass. Historical Society), 3rd ser., 1; 4th ser., 6
Johnson, Francis, 1562-1618. An answer to Maister H. Iacob his defence of the churches and ministry of England. By Francis Johnson an exile of Iesus Christ (1600) [EEb, 1475–1640; 994:11] [STC 14658] [ESTCS121679]
Killcop, Thomas, A short Treatise of Baptisme (1642)
Ormerod, Oliver, 1580?-1626. The Picture of a Puritane ; or a relation of the opinions a. practises of the Anabaptists in Germanie a. of the puritanes in England. Whereunto is annexed Puritano-papismus (1605) [STC 18851]
__. [Anr. ed.] Newly corrected and enlarged (1605) [STC 18852]
Staresmore, Sabine (fl. 1616-1647). Unlawfullnes of Reading in Prayer (1619)
Secondary sources
Brachlow, S., The Communion of Saints: Radical Puritan and Separatists Ecclesiology 1570-1625 (1988)
__. "The Elizabethan Roots of Henry Jacob's Churchmanship", Journal of Ecclesiastical History, 36 (1985)
Dodd, J. A., "The Eschatology of Praise-God Barebone", Transactions of the Congregational Historical Society, 4 (1909–10)
Hylson-Smith, K., The Churches in England from Elizabeth I to Elizabeth II, Vol. 1, 1558-1688 (1996)
Nuttall, G. F., Visible Saints: The Congregational Way 1640-1660 (1957)
Paul, R. S., "Henry Jacob and Seventeenth-Century Puritanism", Hartford Quarterly, 7 (1967)
Tolmie, M., The Triumph of the Saints, The Separate Churches of London, 1616-1649 (1977)
__. "The Jacob Church", in The Triumph of the Saints, The Separate Churches of London, 1616-1649 (1977)
von Rohr, J., "The Congregationalism of Henry Jacob", Transactions of the Congregational Historical Society, 19 (1962)
__. "Extra Ecclesiam Nulla Salus: An Early Congregational Version", Church History, 36 (1967)
White, B. R., "How did William Kiffin join the Baptist?", Baptist Quarterly, 23
__. "Samuel Eaton (d. 1639), Particular Baptist Pioneer", Baptist Quarterly, 24
Whitley, W. T., "Debate of Infant Baptism, 1643", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society, 1 (1908–09)
__. "The Jacob-Jessey Church, 1616-1678", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society, 1 (1908–09)
__."Records of the Jabob-Lathrop-Jessey Church, 1616-1641", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society 1, (1908–09)
__. 'Rise of the Particular Baptists in London, 1633–1644, Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society 1, (1908–09)
References
Attribution
External links
English Dissenters: Jacobites
1563 births
1624 deaths
English separatists
English Congregationalist ministers
16th-century Puritans
People from Folkestone and Hythe District
17th-century English clergy
17th-century Protestants
Flirting with Anthony is a 2005 released film written and directed by Christian Calson.
Plot
Anthony is member of a gang. As a revenge for something not clearly said, he gets caught and placed by Jack and another man into a garage. Here Jack is torturing and sexually abusing Anthony. Bruno comes into the garage and is doing the same while Jack is leaving, although he comes back rescues Anthony and both starting in return torturing Bruno. They go away leaving wounded Bruno in the garage. Some times later Anthony lives together with Donna and her gay brother. While they were playing at home, Donna receives a phone call, telling her that her father died. Anthony and Donna decide to drive to the funeral. On their long journey they meet several people. For the nights, they stay in motels and have sexy plays with two male prostitutes, one called in by Anthony. The other called in on the next night by Donna. In their journey they also meet Jack; the second time at a petrol station, where Anthony and Jack have sex in the toilets. Anthony falls for Jack and decides to stay with him, while Donna decided to leave them and is driving home.
Cast
Daniel Cartier as Anthony
Lowe Taylor as Donna
Linus as Jack
Ryan A. Allen as Leroy
Andrew Sears as Bruno (billed as Ward Montgomery)
Mink Stole as Psychic
Judy Tenuta as Jayleen the Motel Lady
Brian Grillo as Tommy
Don Allen as Johnnie
Ruby Boofont as Ruby
Vicky Boofont as Vicky
Alex Garner as Colt
Edward Hibbs as Rodney
Heather Meyer as Mona
Mr. Dan as Crazy Foreign Lady
David Sivits as Sean
Carl Strecker as Carl
Reviews
What's really going on here is Calson projecting his own sexual fantasies (bondage, jockstraps, seedy motel rooms) onto the screen, and for that you have to give him some credit. How many of us have the ambition to gather the money and people to bring our darkest desires to life right in front of our own eyes?
Flirting with Anthony is a failed experiment in combining gay sex with violent imagery.
References
External links
Official site
2005 films
American LGBT-related films
American independent films
2000s erotic thriller films
2005 LGBT-related films
LGBT-related thriller films
American erotic thriller films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Mary from Dungloe may refer to:
Mary from Dungloe (festival), an Irish music festival in Dungloe, County Donegal
"Mary from Dungloe" (song), an Irish song by Donegal stonemason Pádraig Mac Cumhaill in 1936
is a private junior college in Yatsushiro, Kumamoto, Japan, established in 1974.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1974
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kumamoto Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
The CMLL Universal Championship 2010 (Campeonato Universal in Spanish) was a professional wrestling annual tournament produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) took place over three CMLL Super Viernes shows between July 30, 2010 and August 13, 2010 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico. The CMLL Universal Championship is an annual tournament of CMLL Champions that was first held in 2009. All officially recognized male CMLL Champions participated in a 16-man tournament. In the finals CMLL World Middleweight Champion Jushin Thunder Liger defeated CMLL World Trios Champion La Sombra to win the tournament.
Background
The tournament featured 15 professional wrestling matches under elimination rules, which means that wrestlers were eliminated when they lose a match. There were no specific storylines that build to the tournament, rather is an annual tournament held by CMLL since 2009, replacing their Leyenda de Plata tournament. All male "non-regional" CMLL Champions at the time of the tournament were involved in the tournament with the exception of the reigning CMLL World Mini-Estrella and Mexican National Lightweight Champions. Regionally promoted championships such as the CMLL Arena Coliseo Tag Team Championship and the Occidente championships promoted in Guadalajara, Jalisco were not included in the tournament, only titles that have been defended in CMLL's main venue Arena Mexico were included. The tournament was divided into two qualifying blocks, which took place on the July 30, 2010 Super Viernes and the August 6, 2010 Super Viernes while the final took place on the August 13, 2010 Super Viernes.
2010 Universal Championship tournament
When CMLL announced the 2010 tournament the following champions were eligible to participate:
Block A
Block A took place on the July 30, 2010 Super Viernes, featuring eight champions wrestling for a place in the final.
Block B
Block B took place on the August 6, 2010 Super Viernes, featuring eight champions wrestling for a place in the final.
Finals
The finals of the tournament took place on the August 13, 2010 Super Viernes and saw Jushin Thunder Liger defeat La Sombra two falls to one, after interference from Liger's cornerman Okumura.
References
2010 in professional wrestling
CMLL Universal Championship
The 2013 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship was the 30th edition of the FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. 16 teams participated in the competition, held in Latvia, from 18 to 28 July 2013. Croatia were the defending champions. Turkey became the new champions, taking their first title.
Participating teams
(Winners, 2012 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B)
(Runners-up, 2012 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B)
(3rd place, 2012 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B)
First round
The first-round groups draw took place on 8 December 2012 in Freising, Germany. In the first round, the sixteen teams were allocated in four groups of four teams each. The top three teams of each group qualified for the Second Round. The last team of each group played in the Classification Group G first, then in the 9th–16th place playoffs.
Times below are in CEST (UTC+2).
Group A
|}
Group B
|}
Group C
|}
Group D
|}
Second round
Twelve advancing teams from the First Round were allocated in two groups of six teams each. The top four teams of each group advanced to the quarterfinals. The last two teams of each group played for the 9th–16th place against the teams from the Group G.
Group E
|}
Group F
|}
Classification Group G
The last team of each group of the First Round competed in this Classification Round.
|}
Classification playoffs for 9th – 16th place
Classification games for 9th – 16th place
Classification games for 13th – 16th place
Classification games for 9th – 12th place
1st – 8th Place Playoff
5–8th place bracket
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Classification games for 5th – 8th place
Final classification games
Match for 15th place
Match for 13th place
Match for 11th place
Match for 9th place
Match for 7th place
Match for 5th place
Bronze medal match
Final
Final standings
Awards
All-Tournament Team
Kenan Sipahi
Paolo Marinelli
Domagoj Bošnjak
Kristaps Porziņģis
Anžejs Pasečņiks
References
External links
FIBA European U-18 Championship
FIBA U18 European Championship
2013–14 in European basketball
2013–14 in Latvian basketball
International youth basketball competitions hosted by Latvia
Donald S. Siegel is an American economist and academic administrator. He is Foundation Professor of Public Policy and Management and Director of the School of Public Affairs at Arizona State University.
Biography
Siegel received his B.A. from Columbia College in 1981 and his Ph.D. from Columbia Business School in 1988. He then received a Sloan Research Fellowship at the National Bureau of Economic Research. He then taught at Stony Brook University, was chair of industrial economics at University of Nottingham's business school, and chaired Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute's department of economics before moving to University of California, Riverside, where he was associate dean.
From 2008 to 2016, Siegel served as dean of the University of Albany's business school, where he concurrently served as professor. He joined the Arizona State University faculty in 2017. In 2022, he was appointed to led ASU's Global Center for Technology Transfer. His scholarship has focused on technology transfer from universities and laboratories to firms, technology and entrepreneurship, as well as corporate governance and social responsibility.
Siegel was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2022. He is also a fellow of the Academy of Management and was elected its dean of fellows in 2020.
Siegel served as the general editor of the Journal of Management Studies.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Business School alumni
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Arizona State University faculty
American university and college faculty deans
Sloan Research Fellows
University at Albany, SUNY faculty
Stony Brook University faculty
University of California, Riverside faculty
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute faculty
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Marianne-Caroline Hamilton (1777 – 29 July 1861) was an Irish artist and memoirist. Her memoirs, Reminiscences of Marianne-Caroline Hamilton (1777–1861), were published in 2010.
Early life and family
Marianne-Caroline Hamilton was born in 1777 at Rossana, County Wicklow. She was the second daughter of landowner and MP for Athboy, William Tighe, and Sarah (née Fownes). William Tighe was a friend of John Wesley who used Rossana as his base from which to preach in Ireland. Sarah Tighe was the heir of Sir William Fownes, and Lady Elizabeth Fownes (née Ponsonby). Hamilton spent a great deal of her youth at Harrow, England, where her younger brother was attending boarding school, and in London. The family holidayed in Ireland, which she preferred due to the space and freedom she had there. Hamilton received a comprehensive education from a number of governesses, a master for arithmetic, and her brother's tutor providing Latin tuition. Her main interest was art however, later confessing to avoiding Latin classes to draw. She travelled with her family, spending time in France, Flanders, and Holland, with the family returning to live in Ireland in 1795. John Inigo Spilsbury was employed as her drawing master, during which time she reached the skill level of a professional artist.
She married Charles Hamilton, of Hamwood House, Dunboyne, County Meath in April 1801. Charles was a land agent for the Dukes of Leinster. The couple had six children, Sarah, Caroline Elizabeth, Mary, Charles William, William Tighe, and Frederick John Henry Fownes. Hamilton educated her children herself, which left little time to paint. From her writings it is evident she was deeply involved in the running of Hamwood and its gardens.
Literary work
Hamilton transcribed a number of albums of poetry, with contributions from Thomas Moore and Hamilton's cousin and sister-in-law Mary Tighe. Thomas Campbell wrote a poem in tribute to her, The stanzas on painting. She wrote a history of her family, detailing the lives of Theodosia and Mary Blachford, and Sarah Ponsonby. Ponsonby bequeathed all of her private papers to Hamilton.
Memoir and legacy
Hamilton wrote in a satirical style, providing a critical depiction of the Anglo-Irish ascendancy from that period. Her best known works include Domestic happiness as acted in the city: a tragic comic farce, The Kingston to Holyhead packet, and Society. Her family memoir was purchased by the National Library of Ireland from the estate of her descendant William Howard in the 1970s. The memoir was published in 2010 as the edited volume Reminiscences of Marianne-Caroline Hamilton (1777–1861).
Hamilton died at her Dublin home, 40 Dominick Street, on 29 July 1861. Some of her drawings at still kept at Hamwood. Desmond Fitzgerald and Professor Anne Crookshank used Hamilton's drawings in books covering the history of art in Ireland. Her great-granddaughter was artist Letitia Marion Hamilton.
References
1777 births
1861 deaths
18th-century Irish painters
19th-century Irish painters
19th-century Irish women artists
18th-century Irish women artists
Irish women painters
Irish non-fiction writers
Irish women non-fiction writers
Irish women writers
The Bailey peptide synthesis is a name reaction in organic chemistry developed 1949 by J. L. Bailey. It is a method for the synthesis of a peptide from α-amino acid-N-carboxylic acid anhydrides (NCAs) and amino acids or peptide esters. The reaction is characterized by short reaction times and a high yield of the target peptide.
The reaction can be carried out at low temperatures in organic solvents. The residues R1 and R2 can be organic groups or hydrogen atoms, R3 is the used amino acid or peptide ester:
Reaction mechanism
The reaction mechanism is not known in detail. Supposedly, the reaction begins with a nucleophilic attack of the amino group on the carbonyl carbon of the anhydride group of the N-carboxylic acid anhydride (1). After an intramolecular proton migration, a 1,4-proton shift and the cleavage of carbon dioxide follows, resulting in the peptide bond in the final product (2):
Atom economy
The advantage in atom economy of using NCAs for peptide formation is that there is no need for a protecting group on the functional group reacted with the amino acid. For example, the Merrifield synthesis depends on the use of Boc and Bzl protecting groups, which need be removed after the reaction. In the case of Bailey peptide synthesis, the free peptide is directly obtained after the reaction. However, unwanted and difficult to remove by-products may be formed. An N-substitution of the NCA (for example, by an o-nitrophenylsulfenyl group) can simplify the subsequent purification process, but on the other hand deteriorates the atom economy of the reaction. The synthesis of NCAs can be carried out by the Leuchs reaction or by the reaction of N-(benzyloxycarbonyl)-amino acids with oxalyl chloride. In the latter case, again the procedure is less efficient in the sense of atom economy.
Synthesized peptides
The following peptides were synthesized using this method by 1949:
DL-Ala-Gly
L-Tyr-Gly
DL-Tyr-Tyr
DL-Ala-DL-Ala-Gly
DL-di-Ala-L-cystinyl-di-Gly
DL-Ala-L-Tyr-Gly
DL-Ala-L-Tyr-Gly-Gly
DL-Ala-DL-Ala-L-Tyr-Gly-Gly
L-Tyr-L-Tyr-L-Tyr
L-Cystinyl-di-Gly
Literature
P. Katsoyannis: The Chemistry of Polypeptides. Springer Science & Business Media, 2012, , S. 129.
References
Biochemistry
Name reactions
Jeff Mutis (born December 20, 1966) is an American former professional baseball pitcher.
Mutis was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 34th round of the 1985 Major League Baseball draft, but did not sign. He was subsequently drafted by the Indians in the 1st round (27th pick) of the 1988 Major League Baseball draft. In 1993, he was selected off waivers by the Florida Marlins, and he played his final major league game with them on July 31, 1994.
External links
1966 births
Living people
Allentown Ambassadors players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Burlington Indians players (1986–2006)
Canton-Akron Indians players
Charlotte Knights players
Cleveland Indians players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Edmonton Trappers players
Florida Marlins players
Kinston Indians players
Lafayette Leopards baseball players
Louisville Redbirds players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Fredrika, a Swedish feminine given name, may also refer to:
People
Fredrika Bremer (1801-1865), Swedish author and feminist
Fredrika Eleonora von Düben (1738-1808), Swedish dilettante painter and embroiderer
Fredrika Limnell (1816-1897), Swedish philanthropist and salonist
Fredrika Runeberg (1807-1879), Finnish writer
Fredrika Stahl (1984- ), Swedish singer and songwriter
Fredrika Stenhammar (1836-1880), Swedish opera singer
Places
Fredrika, Sweden, a locality
Institutions
Fredrika Bremer Association, Swedish women's organisation
Fredrika Bremer Intermediate School, school in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
See also
Frederica (disambiguation)
Frederika (disambiguation)
Friederike (disambiguation)
Princess Frederica (disambiguation) including Fredrika and other variant spellings
The Escolania de Montserrat, or simply the Escolania () is a boys' choir of sopranos and altos based at the Benedictine abbey Santa Maria de Montserrat near Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. When the repertory requires it, they are accompanied by the Montserrat Chapel Choir, composed of old choirboys and the monks of the Ministry Chapel Choir.
The Escolania of Montserrat, which belongs to the Monastery of Montserrat, is one of the oldest boys choirs in Europe. Records show that the Escolania has existed as a religious and musical institution since the 14th century.
It is composed of more than fifty boys, from ages nine to fourteen, originating from various towns in Catalonia, the Balearic Islands, and the Valencian community. During their time at the Escolania, they complete courses at the Primary, and beginning of Secondary levels, as well as corresponding musical studies.
Each student must study two instruments; the piano, as well as a second orchestral instrument of their choice. Along with this, they study Musical Language, Orchestra, and participate in the choir (the distinguished focus of the school).
Musical Activities of the Choir
The school choir sings daily in the Basilica, often in front of large groups of pilgrims and visitors from around the world. The midday singing of Salve Regina has become the most attended act of the Sanctuary. They have released numerous albums, and have toured in various countries such as: Hungary, Switzerland, France, Italy, Ireland, Belgium, Germany, Poland, Russia, where they have performed three times (Moscow 2011 & 2013, and St. Petersburg 2011), United States (2014) and China (2015).
History
1025: The Benedictine Community of Montserrat was founded.
12th Century: Period of the Virgin of Montserrat. Pilgrims started to climb the mountain to venerate the Virgin.
1307: First documentation showing the existence of the Escolania, which is also the first reference to the choir robes worn today.
1479: The choir sang for the Catholic King Fernando during his visit to Barcelona.
1494: Abbot Garcia de Cisneros spoke of the importance of religious music in relation to the choristers of the Escolania, which was made up of about 20 boys at the time.
16th Century: Bartomeu Garriga, a chorister at the time, promised that when he was older, he would make a great temple for the Virgin. In 1560, as Abbot of the Monastery, he started to construct the current Basilica.
17th-18th Century: Period of growth, with the first appearance of Masters of the Escolania. This title was given to monks that directed the choir and cultivated a new repertoire of compositions.
1889-1909: Fr. Manuel Guzman introduced a new style to the sound of the choir, and continued on to teach future directors of the Escolania.
1909-1911: Fr.Ramir Escofet became director.
1911-1933: Fr. Anselm Ferrer, of Italy, became the director and composer. He created the first recordings of the Escolania and evolved the tone of the choir.
1933-1936: Blessed Fr. Angel Rodamilan was director as well as a martyr during the Civil War.
1936-1939: The monks and students needed to abandon Montserrat during the Spanish Civil War.
1939-1953: Fr. David Pujol was director.
1953-1997: Fr. Ireneu Segarra, director and composer. Under his leadership, the choir grew to fifty students, and released numerous records. They also began to perform concerts outside of Montserrat for the first time in the 1960s, including international tours.
1997-2000: Fr. Jordi-Agustí Piqué was the director.
2000-2007: Joaquim Piqué was the first lay director.
2007–2014: Bernat Vivancos was the director.
2014-Present: Llorenç Castelló is the current director.
References
External links
Choirs of children
Boys' and men's choirs
Spanish choirs
Musical groups from Catalonia
Music schools in Spain
Musical groups established in the 14th century
The bluish-slate antshrike (Thamnomanes schistogynus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
bluish-slate antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
bluish-slate antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rus or RUS may refer to:
People and places
Rus (surname), a Romanian-language surname
East Slavic historical territories and peoples (). See Names of Rus', Russia and Ruthenia
Rus' people, the people of Rus'
Rus' territories
Kievan Rus', a medieval East Slavic state, centered in Kiev
Rus' Khaganate, a ninth-century Eastern European state
Ruthenia
Vladimir-Suzdal (Vladimirian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, centered in Vladimir
Principality of Halych (Halychian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, in region of Halych
Principality of Volhynia (Volhynian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, in regions of Volhynia
Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia (Halych-Volhynian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, uniting Halych and Volhynia
Kingdom of Rus', an East Slavic medieval kingdom (Galicia-Volhynia)
Principality of Turov (Turovian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, in region of Turov
Principality of Polotsk (Polotskian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, in region of Polotsk
Novgorod Republic (Novgorodian Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, centered in Novgorod
Grand Duchy of Moscow (Muscovite Rus'), an East Slavic medieval state, centered in Moscow
Tsardom of Russia (Tsardom of Rus'), an East Slavic early modern state, centered in Moscow
Little Russia (Minor Rus'), an East Slavic historical region
Great Russia (Great Rus'), an East Slavic historical region
White Ruthenia (White Rus'), an East Slavic historical region
Red Ruthenia (Red Rus'), an East Slavic historical region
Black Ruthenia (Black Rus'), an East Slavic historical region
Carpathian Ruthenia (Red Rus', Carpathian Rus'), an East Slavic historical region inhabited mostly by Rusyns (Rusynia), and a 1918–1919 provisional autonomous region, known as the "Rusyn Land"
Carpathian Ruthenia (Subcarpathian Rus'), an administrative region of the First Czechoslovak Republic
Western Rus (disambiguation)
Principality of Rus' (disambiguation)
Grand Principality of Rus' (disambiguation)
Rus, a legendary eponymous ancestor, see Lech, Czech and Rus
Acronyms
Rajshahi University School
Réacteur Université de Strasbourg, French nuclear research reactor
Resonant ultrasound spectroscopy, a laboratory technique
Route utilisation strategy
Rural Utilities Service, an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture
Raptor Upper Stage, a version of the SpaceX Raptor rocket engine
Codes
rus, the ISO 639-2 code for the Russian language
RUS, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code for the Russian Federation
RUS, the IATA airport code for Marau Airport
Other places
Ruś (disambiguation), the name of several Polish villages
Rus, Jaén, a municipality in the Province of Jaén, Spain
Rus, Sălaj, a commune in Sălaj County, Romania
Ruse, Bulgaria, Bulgaria
Ruski Krstur, Vojvodina, Serbia
Rus, a village in Dumbrăviţa Commune, Maramureș County, Romania
Other uses
Rus (1903), a Russian newspaper published intermittently from 1903 to 1908
Rus (special forces), a unit of interior troops of the Russian Federation
Rus-M, a cancelled Russian space rocket program
See also
Pyc (disambiguation), in Latin characters
Russ (disambiguation)
Birmingham City Football Club, an association football club based in Birmingham, England, was founded in 1875 as Small Heath Alliance. For the first thirteen years of their existence, there was no league football, so matches were arranged on an ad hoc basis, supplemented by cup competitions organised at local and national level. Small Heath first entered the FA Cup in the 1881–82 season, and won their first trophy, the Walsall Cup, the following season. During the 1880s, they played between 20 and 30 matches each season.
In 1888, the club became a limited company under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd, and joined the Combination, a league set up to provide organised football for those clubs not invited to join the Football League which was to start the same year. However, the Combination was not well organised and folded in April 1889 with many fixtures still outstanding. Small Heath were founder members of the Football Alliance in 1889–90, and three years later were elected to the newly formed Second Division of the Football League. They topped the table in their first season, failing to win promotion via the test match system then in operation, but reached the top flight for the first time in 1894. They were renamed Birmingham in 1905, finally becoming Birmingham City in 1943.
The club's official history rated 1955–56 as their best season to date. The newly promoted club achieved their highest ever finishing position of sixth in the First Division, reached the 1956 FA Cup Final, and became the first English club side to participate in European competition when they played their opening game in the group stages of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. Their only major trophy is the League Cup, which they won in 1963 and 2011; they reached the FA Cup final twice and the final of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup twice. During the 1990s, they twice won the Associate Members' Cup, a competition open to clubs in the third and fourth tiers of English football.
As of the end of the 2021–22 season, the club's first team had spent 57 seasons in the top division of English football, 58 in the second, and 4 in the third. The table details their achievements in first-team competitions, and records their top goalscorer and average home league attendance, for each completed season since their first appearance in the Birmingham Senior Cup in 1878–79.
Key
Key to league record:
P – Played
W – Games won
D – Games drawn
L – Games lost
F – Goals for
A – Goals against
Pts – Points
Pos – Final position
Key to colours and symbols:
Key to divisions:
Comb – The Combination
All – Football Alliance
United – United League
Div 1 – Football League First Division
Div 2 – Football League Second Division
Div 3 – Football League Third Division
Champ – EFL Championship
Prem – Premier League
Key to rounds:
Prelim – Preliminary round
Group – Group stage
QR3 – Third qualifying round
QR4 – Fourth qualifying round, etc.
IntR – Intermediate round (between qualifying rounds and rounds proper)
R1 – First round
R2 – Second round, etc.
QF – Quarter-final
SF – Semi-final
P3rd – Third place
F – Finalists
W – Winners
DQ – Disqualified
DNE – Did not enter
Details of abandoned competitions – The Combination in 1888–89 and the 1939–40 Football League – are shown in italics and appropriately footnoted.
Seasons
Notes
References
Sources
Seasons
English football club seasons
The 28th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1882 Nova Scotia general election, the 27th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 28th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1886 Nova Scotia general election, the 28th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 29th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 6th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1974 Nova Scotia general election, the 50th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 51st Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 28th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Amir Jangoo (born 14 July 1997) is a Trinidadian cricketer. He made his List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2014–15 Regional Super50 on 16 January 2015. He made his first-class debut for Trinidad and Tobago in the 2016–17 Regional Four Day Competition on 7 April 2017. In July 2020, he was named in the Trinbago Knight Riders squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League (CPL). He made his Twenty20 debut on 2 September 2020, for the Trinbago Knight Riders in the 2020 CPL.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Combined Campuses and Colleges cricketers
Trinidad and Tobago cricketers
Trinbago Knight Riders cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Karatal District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Ushtobe. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Kunmingella is genus of Cambrian bradoriid from the Chengjiang biota, containing the single species K. douvillei.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Ruth Gallard Ainsworth (16 October 1908 – 16 May 1984) was a British writer, of over seventy children's books and numerous radio scripts.
Life
Ainsworth was born in Manchester, in 1908, the second child (and first daughter) of Methodist minister Rev. Percy Clough Ainsworth and Gertrude Fisk of Pendleton, her older brother being mycologist Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth.
Ainsworth's father died on 1 July 1909 from typhoid aged 36. Soon after the family moved to 2 High Cliff Villas, Cobbold Road, Felixstowe. Ainsworth enrolled at Ipswich High School, Woolverstone where she studied between September 1924 and July 1926. She later attended the Froebel Training Centre in Leicester.
On 29 March 1935 she married chemist Frank Lathe Gilbert in Leicester. On 7 September 1936 she gave birth to twin sons: Christopher Gallard Gilbert (furniture historian and museum curator) and Oliver Lathe Gilbert (ecologist and lichenologist). She had a third son Richard Frank Gilbert.
The Gilberts initially settled in London, but their house was bombed in World War II. They relocated to Porthmadog. Latterly theGilberts lived in Corbridge, Northumberland.
Ainsworth died in 1984 aged 75. Her ashes were scattered in a stream in Wasdale.
Work
Ainsworth re-told classic fairy tales, as well as new stories of her own.
Ainsworth was a scriptwriter for Listen with Mother, a popular BBC children's programme. Some were published as .
Some of her stories were televised as marionette plays.
Bibliography
The series "Books for me to read", written with Ronald Ridout, has the secondary title "A book for me to read" on each cover.
It is not clear if the color sub-series ("Red book 1" etc.) is used throughout its history. Some or all of the books were republished with slightly different titles, for example Pony Pony (London: Bancroft, 1965) as Pony, pony : my sixth reading book (Bristol: Purnell, 1983) while still in "Books for me to read. Blue series." Most or all of these books were published in the initial teaching alphabet.
-
-
References
External links
1908 births
1984 deaths
British children's writers
Writers from Manchester
Kitura is a free and open-source web framework written in Swift, developed by IBM and licensed under Apache License 2.0. It's an HTTP server and web framework for writing Swift server applications.
In December 2019, IBM announced it had no further plans to develop the Kitura framework. As of January 2020, work on server-side Swift was discontinued at IBM. In September 2020, Kitura transitioned to be a community-run project however it struggled to gain traction within the developer community and so is no longer under active development.
Features
URL routing (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
URL parameters
Static file serving
FastCGI support
JSON parsing
Pluggable middleware
See also
Vapor (web framework)
References
External links
Web frameworks
IBM software
The 1986–87 season was Paris Saint-Germain's 17th season in existence. PSG played their home league games at the Parc des Princes in Paris, registering an average attendance of 20,312 spectators per match. The club was presided by Francis Borelli and the team was coached by Gérard Houllier. Jean-Marc Pilorget was the team captain.
Summary
The follow-up to the league title was not as glorious though. Key players Luis Fernandez, Jean-Claude Lemoult and Thierry Morin departed ahead of 1986–87 and PSG tried to replace them with more gunpowder up front. Gérard Houllier brought in forwards Vahid Halilhodžić, Daniel Xuereb and Jules Bocandé, all of whom joined Dominique Rocheteau in an extremely attack-minded yet unbalanced squad. The end result was a 7th-place finish in the league, an early exit from the French Cup and a disappointing first European Cup appearance, getting knocked out by Czech minnows Vítkovice in the first round.
Players
As of the 1986–87 season.
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
As of the 1986–87 season.
Arrivals
Departures
Kits
French radio RTL and French premium television channel Canal+ were the shirt sponsors. German sportswear brand Adidas was the kit manufacturer.
Friendly tournaments
Coupe d'Été
Second round (Group 3)
Tournoi de Paris
Challenge des Champions
Tournoi Indoor de Jérusalem
Tournoi Indoor de Paris-Bercy
First group stage (Group B)
Second group stage (Winners Group)
Competitions
Overview
Division 1
League table
Results by round
Matches
Coupe de France
Round of 64
Round of 32
European Cup
First round
Statistics
As of the 1986–87 season.
Appearances and goals
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Goalkeepers
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Defenders
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Midfielders
|-
!colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"|Forwards
|-
References
External links
Official websites
PSG.FR - Site officiel du Paris Saint-Germain
Paris Saint-Germain - Ligue 1
Paris Saint-Germain - UEFA.com
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. seasons
French football clubs 1986–87 season
Gilbert McKenna (1800 – after 1877) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1840 to 1843 and from 1847 to 1851.
He was born in Shelburne, Nova Scotia, the son of Duncan McKenna, a United Empire Loyalist originally from Scotland. McKenna was educated in Shelburne and Halifax. In 1846, he married Mary Stalker. McKenna was called to the province's Legislative Council in 1868.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion for 1875, HJ Morgan
1800 births
Year of death missing
Nova Scotia pre-Confederation MLAs
Members of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia
Bocquillonia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1862. The entire genus is endemic to New Caledonia (including smaller islands that are part of the territory). Molecular phylogenetic analyses suggest that Bocquillonia is nested in Alchornea.
Species
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of New Caledonia
Endemic flora of New Caledonia
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Ukraine. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts by the Ukrainian Weightlifting Federation.
Current records
Men
Women
Historical records
Men (1998–2018)
Women (1998–2018)
Kalina failed the competition doping re-test in 2016 and the IOC & IWF canceled the results, the UWF however still lists them as records.
References
General
Ukrainen records – Men Updated 22.09.2017
Ukrainen records – Women Updated 06.04.2017
Specific
External links
Ukrainian Weightlifting Federation
records
Ukraine
Olympic weightlifting
weightlifting
The 2001–02 Los Angeles Kings season was the Kings' 35th season in the National Hockey League.
Offseason
Regular season
The Kings tied the Red Wings for most power-play goals scored during the regular season, with 73, and had the best power-play percentage, at 20.68%.
All-Star game
The 52nd National Hockey League All-Star Game took place on February 2, 2002, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The final score was World 8, North America 5.
Season standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
In a rematch of the previous playoff season, Colorado defeated the Kings in the first round in seven games.
Round 1: Los Angeles vs. Colorado
Player statistics
Transactions
The Kings were involved in the following transactions during the 2001–02 season.
Trades
Free agent signings
Free agents lost
Waivers
Draft picks
Los Angeles's draft picks at the 2001 NHL Entry Draft held at the National Car Rental Center in Sunrise, Florida.
References
Kings on Hockey Database
Los
Los
Los Angeles Kings seasons
National Hockey League All-Star Game hosts
LA Kings
LA Kings
The Democratic Jihad Party was an Egyptian political party made up of former members of the group Egyptian Islamic Jihad; it was also made up of members of other "former jihadist groups". The party is also known as the Islamic Democratic Jihad Party, as well as the Islamist Jihadi Party. A member of the party has stated that the party has "failed". The party has stated that it supported Ahmed Shafiq in the 2012 presidential election; Sabra Ibrahim, a deputy founder in the party, stated that the party gave its support to Shafiq in order to prevent the establishment of a theocratic state ruled by the Muslim Brotherhood. The party condemned the attack in August 2012 that killed 16 soldiers, saying that it was committed by “sinful terrorist[s].” Yasser Saad is now a member of an umbrella coalition of former jihadis, ex-members of the Muslim Brotherhood and ex-al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya members called the Moderate Front.
Policy
Sheikh Yasser Saad, the leader of the party, has stated that the party will be inclusive regarding minorities. A young female party member named Hanan Nouredin appeared unveiled at the press conference announcing the plan to found the party.
Criticism
The party was criticized by Muhammad al-Zawahiri for embracing democracy.
See also
Islamic Party, another political party founded by former Egyptian Islamic Jihad members
References
2012 establishments in Egypt
Centrist parties in Egypt
Defunct political parties in Egypt
Islamic political parties in Egypt
Political parties established in 2012
The Church of Saint Faith of Sélestat (, ) is a major Romanesque architecture landmark in Sélestat along the Route Romane d'Alsace in the East of France. The church having been built over a very short time span (only ten years, from 1170 to 1180), it appears strikingly homogenous in style and proportions, however some parts have been completed and others modified in a Romanesque Revival style by the architect Charles Winckler (sometimes spelled Winkler) between 1889 and 1893. During that restoration campaign, a crypt dating back to around 1085 was discovered and made accessible as well. Like many major buildings in Alsace the church is made of pink Vosges mountains sandstone.
History
, the wife of Friedrich von Büren, one of the ancestors of the House of Hohenstaufen, founded a first sanctuary dedicated to Saint Faith at this place around 1085, of which the crypt is today the only part remaining. In 1094, the centre of the adoration of Saint Faith was moved to Conques, where a grander sanctuary and pilgrimage site was being built as the Abbey Church of Saint Foy. The church was rebuilt in the 12th century as the centre of a monastery. In 1615, it became a Jesuit college (see also Jesuit Church, Molsheim), which it remained until 1767. The church, which was then menaced of destruction by the town council, was saved by the intervention of the Bishop of Strasbourg, Louis Constantin de Rohan The Jesuits have left their mark on the church's furniture, most notably the pulpit, an important example of local Baroque art. After the restoration of 1889–1893, the church had to be repaired again in the 1940s, having been damaged during the Allied advance from Paris to the Rhine in the last weeks of 1944.
Among the churches many features, the ornate capitals crowning the columns inside and pillars of the windows outside belong to the finest. Saint Faith's two pipe organs (the tribune organ of 1892 and the choir organ of 1880) have been repaired several times since their installation, they do however still show beautifully crafted cases.
Dimensions
Some of the building's dimensions are the following:
Outside length:
Height of crossing tower:
Width of façade:
Inside length:
Inside height of central nave:
Inside height of lateral naves:
Inside height of crossing:
Inside height of apse:
Width of central nave:
Width of lateral naves:
Gallery
See also
St. George's Church, Sélestat
List of Jesuit sites
References
External links
Buildings and structures completed in 1180
12th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in France
Faiths
Churches in Bas-Rhin
Monuments historiques of Bas-Rhin
Romanesque architecture in France
Jesuit churches in France
The Scarlet Woman is a lost 1916 silent film melodrama directed by Edmund Lawrence and starring Madame Olga Petrova. It was distributed by Metro Pictures, then a newly formed organization.
Cast
Olga Petrova - Thora Davis
Edward Martindel - Hanlin Davis
Arthur Hoops - Clinton Hastings
Eugene O'Brien - Robert Blake
Frances Gordon - Paula Gordon
Frank Hanna
References
External links
1916 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1916 drama films
Melodrama films
Metro Pictures films
1916 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
The tawny-breasted wren-babbler (Spelaeornis longicaudatus) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is endemic to the Khasi Hills of Northeast India.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
tawny-breasted wren-babbler
Birds of Northeast India
tawny-breasted wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
