Harvey James Rodgers (born 20 October 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Accrington Stanley.
Career
In January 2017 Rodgers joined Accrington Stanley on loan with fellow Hull City player Jonathan Edwards, He made his league debut against Carlise United.
In July 2017 Rodgers signed for Fleetwood Town. On his debut for Fleetwood he was sent off in an EFL Cup defeat to Carlisle United.
In December 2018 Rodgers joined National League side Hartlepool United on loan.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from York
English footballers
Hull City A.F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football defenders
Anuraadha Tewari (born 11 August 1971) is a well known Indian Writer, Director and Creative Force working in the Media Industry of Mumbai. A Gold Medalist in Film Making from Jamia Milia Islamia with a Masters in Mass Comm, Anuraadha has worked extensively across all Media platforms, as both a Creative Artiste and a Creative Head of Companies for the last 25 years. In 2017, Anuraadha set up India's first set of Writer's Rooms under the umbrella academy 'Kosen Rufu' that works extensively with various OTT Platforms, Film Studios as well as TV channels across the Country. She also conducts a Certification Course in Screenwriting across the World. Most celebrated for writing the Story and Screenplay of Award winning Films like Fashion (2008), Jail (2010), and Heroine (2012), Anuraadha's scripts won the leading ladies Priyanka Chopra and Kangana Ranaut a National Award each. The Web Series Laakhon Mein Ek (Season 2) on Amazon Prime won her a nomination in the first every SWA Awards of which she was also a Jury Member. Working prolifically across genres, Anuraadha is known for her passion for #ConsciousCreativity and a desire to train younger, fresher Creative Minds to focus on Stories as a Healing Tool.
Biography
Education
ISC, Welham Girls' School, Topper, ISC Commerce B Com (Hons) Lady Shri Ram College, New Delhi President, Students Union MA Mass Communication MCRC, Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi Topper, the Class of '95.
Career graph
With a master's degree and a Gold Medal in Film Direction from the prestigious Film School of Jamia, Millia Islamia, New Delhi, Anuraadha began her career as a Chief Assistant to Mahesh Bhatt and worked with him on 3 Films followed by a long stint as an independent Writer Director for Anupam Kher's Media based Company and was acknowledged as the youngest Director in India at the time by the mainstream Press for having directed some path breaking shows and events for TV. Thereafter, she has worked as the Supervising Producer of Channel V, the CEO of a Cinema-based portal by the Walchand group, the Creative Business Strategist for Astral Star Asia as well Vogue Entertainment, ending her corporate stint with the role of the National Creative Director, Crest Communications. Getting back to pure creatives in 2002,she worked As a Story – Screenplay Writer on Prakash Jha's 'Rahul', 'Yaadein' by Subhash Ghai and 'Supari' by Padam Kumar. Starting in 2004, she has written 12 successful Television Shows ending with 'Seven' a 26 part superhero series for Yashraj Films aired on Sony, followed by the story and screenplay of the award-winning 'Fashion' (2008) 'Jail' and Heroine (2012) all 3 directed by Madhur Bhandarkar. In 2017, she created KOSEN-RUFU, a Company that collaborates with Writers from across the world, to work as a Writers' Room on various Projects. She is also the Curator of Film Festivals and has her own Certification Course in Screenwriting that are conducted in various Countries.
Filmography
Chief Assistant Director to Mahesh Bhatt
‘Papa Kehte Hain'
Story Screenplay Writer
‘Rahul'
Directed by Prakash Jha
Story Screenplay Writer
‘Fashion'
Directed by Madhur Bhandarkar
Story Screenplay Writer
‘Jail'
Directed by Madhur Bhandarkar
Story Screenplay Writer
‘Heroine'
Directed by Madhur Bhandarkar
Creative entrepreneur
" Founder": Kosen-Rufu
(Specialised Writers'Rooms for Content Development)
" Teacher": Story as a Healer: Foundations of Screenwriting'''
(A Certification Course)
"Curator": The Changing Narrative
(A Travelling Film Festival)
Writer TV / web series
Yeh Meri Life Hai (Sony)
Hum 2 Hain Na (Sony)
Saaksshi (Sony)
Shararat (Star Plus)
Jab Love Hua (Zee)
Kaajjal (Sony)
Jeete Hain Jisske Liye (Sony)
Dhoom Machaao Dhoom (Disney)
Chhoona Hai Aasmaan (Star One)
Salaam Zindagi (Sony)
Yahaan ke Hum Sikandar (Zee Next)
Seven (YRF – Sony)
Ek Hazaaron mein Meri Behnaa Hai (Star Plus)
Humsafars (Sony)
2612 (Life Ok)
Crazy, Stupid, Ishq (Channel V)
O Gujariya (Channel V)
Adhuuri Humaari Kahaani (& TV)
Qubool Hai - Season 5 (Zee)
Girls On Top (MTV)
Savdhaan India (TV series) (Life Ok)
Laakhon Mein Ek - Season 2 (Web series) (Amazon)
Director
Writer-Director
‘A Silent Love Story'
India's First Silent Comedy
Star Plus
Writer-Director
‘Kirron Kher Today'
A Talk Show on Taboo Topics
Star Plus
Writer-Director
‘Take Off'
India's First Live Action Animation Series
Sony
Writer-Director
‘Good Shot'
A Film Magazine Show for Television
Sony
Specials
Creative Director & Copywriter
Kiah Diamond Jewelry TVC
(For Sushmita Sen's Production)
Writer –Director
Special Promos for 'Viruddh' the film
Star TV, AB Corp and Satyajeet Movies
Creative Director / Head of Programming
Anupam Kher's Media Entertainment Co.
Apart from Writing and Directing her own shows on TV
Was responsible for launching and supervising 9 Shows
On Star Plus, Sony, Zee as well as DD 1.
Vogue Communications Pvt. Ltd.
Set up the Creative Strategy of the Co. as well as launched its maiden
venture 'Tere Liye' directed by Sanjay Gadhvi
Channel V
As Supervising Producer was responsible for several teams of Producers,
Assistant Producers and Production Executives.
Was creatively responsible for 7 Shows on air
The Walchand Group
CEO, 3to6.com – a sister concern of cricketnext.com
Was responsible for setting up the co., creating manpower resources,
creating creative strategy as well as content with the additional responsibility
of Marketing and PR.
Crest Communications Ltd.
As National Creative Director was responsible for setting up the Films and
TV Division in Crest Bombay, New Delhi as well Singapore
Astral Star, Malaysia
Set up the India Branch of the Malaysian Co. which deals with Film
Acquisition as well as Co-Production
Events
Director, Lata Mangeshkar Live in Concert – the First,
1997
Director, The 3rd Screen Awards, 1998
Director, The 7th Zee Cine Awards, 2001
Writer Director, Filmfare Awards
A series of Curtain Raisers on its Golden Jubilee,
2005
Writer-Director, Indian Idol Special,
Singers in Aid of Tsunami Relief, 2006
Writer-Director, The Holi Concert for Sony,
2006
Writer Director, Zee Diwaali Dhamaaka
Zee 2006
Writer Director, Aap Jaisa Koi Awards,
A 10 episode Award Series on Sony, 2006
Additional Experience
Guest Lecturer,
NID,
Ahmedabad
Guest Lecturer,
EMRC
Pune
Guest Lecturer,
XIC
Bombay
Guest Lecturer
The Writers' Workshop
Bombay
Special Correspondent,
Zee Premier Magazine,
Bombay
Columnist,
The Middles Section,
Times of India,
New Delhi
Columnist,
The Sun Magazine,
New Delhi
Writer-Producer-Radio Jockey
AIR FM,
New Delhi
References
External links
Official Facebook Fan Page
1971 births
Living people
Indian women screenwriters
Writers from Varanasi
Indian television writers
Delhi University alumni
Jamia Millia Islamia alumni
Indian women television directors
Indian television directors
Indian women television writers
Hindi screenwriters
Women writers from Uttar Pradesh
Screenwriters from Uttar Pradesh
Businesspeople from Varanasi
Businesswomen from Uttar Pradesh
Dora L. Costa (born 1964) is an American economics professor at the University of California, Los Angeles where she is the Kenneth L. Sokoloff Professor of Economic History. She is also the department chair of the economics department. In addition to her teaching position, Costa is a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER).
She is married to fellow economist Matthew Edwin Kahn who is a professor at the University of Southern California's economics department and a Bloomberg Distinguished Professor at Johns Hopkins University's Economics Department and Business School.
Early life and education
Costa was born in Berkeley, California to Dr. Natalia Costa and Dr. Gustavo Costa in 1964. Costa earned her Bachelors of Arts degree in economics and mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1986. She went on to earn an M.A. in economics in 1988 before earning her Ph.D. in Economics in 1993 both from the University of Chicago.
Career
After receiving her Ph.D., Costa accepted an assistant professor position at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1993. She later became a Ford Career Development Associate Professor in 1997 before becoming an associate professor with tenure in 2000 and finally a full professor in 2003 at MIT, leaving in 2008. Since 2007, Costa is a professor of economics at UCLA, where she teaches economic history and health economics. In 2017, she became both the Kenneth T. Sokoloff Professor of Economic History and a department chair (from 2017-2021).
Her affiliation with NBER began in 1993 as a faculty research fellow before becoming a research associate in 2000. She is currently a researcher on their programs on the Development of the American Economy and on Aging and the director of the NBER working group Cohort Studies since 2000 as well.
Costa has also worked for the California Center for Population Research, holding the position of associate director from 2007 to 2017. From 2014 to 2016, Costa was on the executive committee of the American Economic Association. She was also on the Sub-Committee on Non-Discrimination in the Economics Profession from 2015-2017 and the nominating committee in 2016. Her past experiences include positions on editorial boards as well, including the American Economic Review, the Journal of Economic Literature, and a current position at Cliometrica, Journal of Economic Perspectives.
Research
Costa's research focuses on interpretations of labor economics, demography, and health through American economic history. Her research has covered several topics including but not limited to retirement, elderly living, older age mortality and morbidity, trends in population health and leisure, CPI bias, and social capital. A majority of her research compares and examines cross-sectional relations from the past and present have been changing. This is done with the goal of better informing our understanding of the future in these topics. She has written numerous works such as:
Heroes and Cowards: The Social Face of War
The Evolution of Retirement: An American Economic History 1880-1990
Understanding Long-Run Economic Growth
Health and Labor Force Participation Over the Life Cycle: Evidence from the Past
Leaders: Privilege, Sacrifice, Opportunity and Personnel Economics in the American Civil War
Surviving Andersonville: The Benefits of Social Networks in POW Camps
Energy Conservation ‘Nudges' and Environmental Ideology: Evidence from a Randomized Residential Electricity Field Experiment
From Mill Town to Board Room: The Rise of Women's Paid Labor
Power Couples: Changes in the Locational Choice of the College Educated, 1940-1990
Her current research focuses on two topics. First, she is investigating long-term trends in health inequality by social class at all stages of the life cycle. She also analyzes the effect of childhood health on morbidity and economic outcomes at older ages. The second topic is the intergenerational and transgenerational transmission of health and socioeconomic status.
Recognition
Costa has been awarded the Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship and was a fellow at both the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral and Social Sciences and NBER. She was awarded the Allen Nevins Prize for outstanding dissertation in U.S. economic history in 1994 by the Economic History Association. Her paper, "The Evolution of Retirement: An American Economic History 1880-1990" received the TIAA-CREF's 1998 Paul A. Samuelson Award for Outstanding Scholarly Writing on Lifelong Financial Security. In 2014, her article in the journal Law, Economics and Organization won the Oliver E. Williamson Prize for Best Article.
References
Bibliography
Heroes and Cowards: The Social Face of War (joint with Matthew Kahn). 2008. Princeton University Press.
The Evolution of Retirement: An American Economic History 1880-1990. 1998. University of Chicago Press.
Understanding Long-Run Economic Growth. 2011. (joint co-editor with Naomi Lamoreaux) University of Chicago Press for NBER.
Health and Labor Force Participation Over the Life Cycle: Evidence from the Past. 2003. University of Chicago Press for NBER.
“Leaders: Privilege, Sacrifice, Opportunity and Personnel Economics in the American Civil War.” (First published on-line, June 14, 2013.) Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization. 30(3): 437-62.
"Surviving Andersonville: The Benefits of Social Networks in POW Camps." (joint with Matthew Kahn) 2007. American Economic Review. 97(4): 1467-1487.
“Energy Conservation ‘Nudges' and Environmental Ideology: Evidence from a Randomized Residential Electricity Field Experiment.” (joint with Matthew Kahn). 2013. Journal of the European Economic Association. 11(3): 680-702.
"From Mill Town to Board Room: The Rise of Women's Paid Labor." Journal of Economic Perspectives. Fall 2000. 14(4): 101-122.
"Power Couples: Changes in the Locational Choice of the College Educated, 1940-1990." (joint with Matthew E. Kahn), Quarterly Journal of Economics. November 2000. 115(4): 1287-1315.
External links
CV
Home Page of Dora Costa - UCLA Economics
1964 births
Living people
21st-century American economists
American women economists
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
University of Chicago alumni
21st-century American women
Frère León (, ; December 31, 1871 – November 20, 1955) was a French-born Cuban botanist and De La Salle Brother. Born Joseph Sylvestre Sauget in Arbois, Jura, León was an important contributor to the botanical exploration of Cuba and co-authored, with Frère Alain, the five-volume Flora of Cuba which remains the standard reference on the topic.
Early life and education
Joseph Sylvestre Sauget was born in Arbois, Jura, in France on December 31, 1871. He obtained his secondary education in Dijon before joining the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools and adopting the name León.
Professional life
Frère León made extensive collections of Cuban plants, culminating with the production of the Flora of Cuba. He arrived in Cuba in 1905 after spending a year teaching in Canada. Working outward from his station in Havana, he engaged in a botanical exploration of the entire country. At that time, Cuba's flora was poorly recorded, and León's collections included many new species and new records for the island. Lacking a reference collection, León initially sent his specimens to Charles F. Baker, an American botanist based at the Agricultural Station at Santiago de Las Vegas. After Baker left Cuba, León corresponded extensively with Nathaniel Lord Britton at the New York Botanical Garden, grass specialists A. S. Hitchcock and Mary Agnes Chase at the United States Department of Agriculture, and fern specialist William Ralph Maxon at the United States National Museum.
León's collaborations with visiting plant collectors expanded the scope of his collections. Working with John Adolph Shafer in 1912, León was able to expand the range of his collecting. The arrival of Swedish botanist Erik Ekman in 1914 marked the beginning of a new phase in León's career as a botanist. Ekman, an avid plant collector, conveyed both his enthusiasm for collecting and his collecting methods to León. In 1916 León collected a grass species which was placed in a new genus, Saugetia (named in León's honour) by A. S. Hitchcock. Ekman remained in Cuba until 1924, when he left for Hispaniola. In 1938, León hosted the visit of Canadian botanist and fellow Lasallean Brother Marie-Victorin, with whom he engaged in further explorations of Cuba. Marie-Victorin returned to Cuba every winter until his death in 1944, and throughout this period he and León continued to research the island's flora.
Initially León focused on the grass family. He worked closely with Hitchcock as the latter prepared his Manual of the Grasses of the West Indies. In the 1920s León worked with Britton and Percy Wilson to produce a checklist of the Cuban flora which laid the groundwork for his Flora of Cuba. In 1928 he undertook a study of Cuban palms, which resulted in the description of several new species. His collections of mosses resulted in the publication of a catalogue of Cuban mosses in 1933. In the 1930s he focused on the cacti; his unfinished work on the family was incorporated into the third volume of the Flora of Cuba. In 1940 he began work on the Flora of Cuba. The first volume was published in 1947 and the second followed in 1951. His health and eyesight failing, León was unable to contribute further to the work, and died in 1955 before the final two volumes were completed. The work, completed by Frère Alain, remains the standard reference on the Cuban flora. León's extensive collections of Cuban plants are housed primarily at the Cuban Academy of Sciences.
Awards and honours
Frère León received honorary doctorates from Columbia University in 1927 and the University of Havana in 1951. He was appointed an Officer of the National Order of Merit of Carlos Manuel de Cespedes by the government of Cuba, while the French government appointed him an Officier d'Instruction Publique in the Ordre des Palmes Académiques.
References
1871 births
1955 deaths
20th-century French botanists
Cuban botanists
De La Salle Brothers
Recipients of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
The olive-backed woodpecker (Gecinulus rafflesii) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae that is found in Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy
The olive-backed woodpecker was described by the Irish zoologist Nicholas Aylward Vigors in 1830 from a specimen collected by Stamford Raffles. Vigors coined the binomial name Picus rafflesii, with the specific epithet chosen to honour the memory of Raffles. The type location is Sumatra. The species is now placed in the genus Dinopium that was introduced by the French polymath Constantine Samuel Rafinesque in 1814.
A large phylogenetic study of the woodpecker family Picidae published in 2017 found that the olive-backed woodpecker (Gecinulus rafflesii) is more closely related to the pale-headed woodpecker (Gecinulus grantia). It may, therefore, be more appropriately assigned to the genus Chloropicoides.
Two subspecies are recognised:
G. r. rafflesii (Vigors, 1830) – south Myanmar, southwest Thailand, Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Bangka Island (east of Sumatra)
G. r. dulitense Delacour, 1946 – Borneo
Description
The olive-backed woodpecker has yellow-green upperparts and gray-olive underparts. The side of the head has two black and white stripes. The male has a large red crest, the female has a smaller black crest.
Distribution and habitat
The olive-backed woodpecker has a wide range in Southeast Asia, occurring in Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, and Indonesia (on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland, mangrove and montane forests; the species avoids clearings and secondary forest.
Conservation
Gecinulus rafflesii is threatened by illegal deforestation due to the development of palm oil plantations and the deliberate targeting of primary forest wood. These practices of deforestation even continue in protected areas. The total population of this bird is unknown but it is thought to be uncommon. It is currently classified as Near threatened by the IUCN.
References
olive-backed woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
olive-backed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Nicholas Aylward Vigors
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Binji is a Bantu language of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. Maho (2009) states that it is close to Songe, which is otherwise isolated within the Luban languages established by Ahmed (1995).
In the literature it has been confused with Mbagani, which goes by the same name. For instance, Guthrie assigned code L.22 "Binji" to what Maho labels Mbagani; in Maho, true Binji is L.231. The two languages are separated by 200 km.
References
Luban languages
Languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Swaziland competed in the Winter Olympic Games for the first time at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France from 8–23 February 1992. The Swazi delegation consisted of a single competitor, the alpine skier Keith Fraser, who competed in the slalom, where he failed to finish the first run; in the giant slalom, where he came 63rd; and in the Super-G, finishing 79th.
Background
The Swaziland Olympic and Commonwealth Games Association was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on 1 January 1972. Swaziland first sent a delegation to the Summer Olympic Games at the 1972 Summer Olympics, and these Albertville Games were their first, and of 2018, only appearance at a Winter Olympic Games. The 1992 Winter Olympics were held from 8–23 February 1992, a total of 1,801 athletes representing 64 National Olympic Committees took part. The only competitor sent to Albertville by Swaziland was alpine skier Keith Fraser. He was chosen as the flag-bearer for the opening ceremony.
Alpine skiing
Keith Fraser was 24 years old at the time of the Albertville Olympics. Making his only Olympic appearance, he was entered into three events. On 16 February he took part in the Super-G, finishing the single-run race in 1 minute and 29.39 seconds, which put him in 79th place out of 93 classified finishers. The gold medal was won by Kjetil André Aamodt of Norway in a time of 1 minute and 13.04 seconds, the silver medal by Marc Girardelli of Luxembourg, and the bronze by Jan Einar Thorsen, also of Norway.
The giant slalom was held on 18 February and was held over two legs, with the total of both runs determining each competitor's final time. Fraser finished the first leg in 1 minute and 21.93 seconds, which put him in 78th place, out of 112 competitors who finished the first run. He finished the second run in a faster time of 1 minute and 19.83 seconds, which was 63rd position for that run. His total time for the event was therefore 2 minutes and 41.76 seconds, which put Fraser in 63rd place out of 91 competitors who finished both legs. The gold medal was won by Italian Alberto Tomba in a time of 2 minutes and 6.98 seconds. The silver medal was won by Girardelli of Luxembourg, and the bronze by the Norwegian Aamodt.
The slalom race was held on 22 February, and Fraser failed to finish the first leg of the two-leg race. The gold medal was won by Norwegian Finn Christian Jagge, the silver by Tomba, and the bronze by Michael Tritscher of Austria.
See also
Swaziland at the 1992 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 1992 Winter Olympics
1992
OLy
Mount Kauffman is a prominent mountain, high, that surmounts the northwest end of the Ames Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander S.K. Kauffman, U.S. Navy, a staff civil engineering officer who supervised the planning and building of Plateau Station, 1965–66.
It is connected to Mount Kosciusko by Gardiner Ridge which is at one end of Brown Valley.
Kauffman consists of a potentially active shield volcano with a wide summit caldera. Minor fumarolic activity was observed in 1977.
References
Volcanoes of Marie Byrd Land
Polygenetic shield volcanoes
Calderas of Antarctica
Ames Range
Miocene shield volcanoes
The 1946 Dickinson Red and White football team was an American football team that represented Dickinson College as an independent during the 1946 college football season. In their first year under head coach Ralph Ricker, the Red Devils compiled a 6–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 115 to 51. It was Dickinson's first season of college football since 1942, the program having been suspended during World War II. It was also the program's most successful season since the unbeaten 1937 season.
Schedule
References
Dickinson
Dickinson Red Devils football seasons
Dickinson Red and White football
In mathematics, the incomplete Bessel functions are types of special functions which act as a type of extension from the complete-type of Bessel functions.
Definition
The incomplete Bessel functions are defined as the same delay differential equations of the complete-type Bessel functions:
And the following suitable extension forms of delay differential equations from that of the complete-type Bessel functions:
Where the new parameter defines the integral bound of the upper-incomplete form and lower-incomplete form of the modified Bessel function of the second kind:
Properties
for integer
for non-integer
for non-integer
for non-integer
Differential equations
satisfies the inhomogeneous Bessel's differential equation
Both , , and satisfy the partial differential equation
Both and satisfy the partial differential equation
Integral representations
Base on the preliminary definitions above, one would derive directly the following integral forms of , :
With the Mehler–Sonine integral expressions of and mentioned in Digital Library of Mathematical Functions,
we can further simplify to and , but the issue is not quite good since the convergence range will reduce greatly to .
References
External links
Special hypergeometric functions
Eğriköy, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
Geography
Eğriköy is 204 km far away from Ankara city and 43 km far away from Nallıhan town.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Where the Bungalows Roam is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson, released 27 March 2007 on Kelp Records.
Track listing
All songs written by Jim Bryson, except as noted
"Flowers"
"If by the Bridge"
"Pissing on Everything"
"Clear the Crowds"
"The Wishes Pile Up"
"Fire Watch" (Bryson and Ken Babstock)
"Don't Fail Me Now" (Sinkhole)
"All the Fallen Leaves"
"My Marie of the Sea"
"Death by Vibration" (Miche Jette)
"The Options"
"Humling" (vinyl only)
References
External links
WhereTheBungalowsRoam.com
2007 albums
Jim Bryson albums
Gossypium raimondii is a species of cotton plant endemic to northern Peru. Its genome has been sequenced in order to improve the productivity and fiber quality of other Gossypium species.
References
raimondii
Endemic flora of Peru
The Integrated Qualifications Register (IQR) is a public register of worker qualifications awarded in Poland.
The IQR can include various types of qualifications awarded in Poland. Qualifications will be entered into the IQR regardless of whether they are included in other registers (lists, inventories) of qualifications kept by various ministries, sectors, communities and institutions. The entry of a qualification into the IQR means that the credibility of such qualification has been confirmed by public authorities and that a given qualification has been assigned to a PQF level. Qualifications not entered into the IQR will not be assigned to a Polish Qualifications Framework level.
The terms and conditions for entering qualifications into the IQR shall be determined by provisions of the law. The descriptions of all qualifications in the IQR will be presented in a uniform format. The information gathered in the IQR will be accessible through an NQS internet portal, integrated with the EQF portal. The IQR will play the role of a unique "link" between qualifications sub-systems that have been operating autonomously until now.
The IQR will be a collaborative effort of central and local government institutions, the education system and higher education institutions, employer organisations, trade unions, other employee organisations and civil society organisations.
The entry of a qualification into the national register will mean that such a qualification has been assigned to a PQF level. Therefore, a registered qualification (both "full" and "partial") will also be referenced to a level of the European Qualifications Framework. The IQR will be operated as a repository of all data relevant to the qualifications it includes, stored in electronic format.
External links
The Integrated Qualifications Register
References
Słownik podstawowych terminów dotyczących krajowego systemu kwalifikacji, ed. Stanisław Sławiński, Warsaw 2013, p. 26.
Elżbieta Lechowicz, The Integrated Qualifications Register – cooperation with stakeholders (a presentation), http://biblioteka-krk.ibe.edu.pl/opac_css/doc_num.php?explnum_id=533.
Educational Research Institute, Referencing report. Referencing the Polish Qualifications Framework for Lifelong Learning to the European Qualifications Framework, Warsaw 2013, p. 36.
Education in Poland
Qualifications
The Cologne Tower () is a 44-storey office skyscraper in the Köln-Neustadt-Nord district of Cologne, Germany that stands high, or , including its antenna. Construction of the tower lasted from June 1999 to November 2001. It is the second-tallest building in the city (after the Cathedral), the second-tallest in North Rhine-Westphalia (after the Post Tower in Bonn), and the twelfth-tallest in Germany. The Cologne Cathedral is considered a building in Cologne but outside of North-Rhine-Westphalia due to the canon law of the Catholic Church.
Because of the tower's location near Cologne's MediaPark, it is home to several media sector companies.
The observation deck and restaurant, located on the 30th floor, were opened to the public in June 2006.
Architecture
The reinforced concrete building was built in cooperation between the architectural firm Kohl & Kohl and Parisian architect Jean Nouvel. It contains a suspended centre core and the edge between floors to Pendelstützen. The floor plan of the tower is divided into three areas, with an mast to the upper end.
The glass facade of the building was designed with reflected light in mind. Pictures of the Cologne Cathedral and the skyline of Cologne's Old Town were applied to the glass via screen-printing. Depending on light exposure, different combinations of these images appear on the building.
Transmitter
From the antenna on top of the tower, three FM frequencies are broadcast mainly for the northern districts of Cologne: 98.6 MHz/0.4 kW WDR 2 Regionalfenster Cologne, 87.6 MHz/0.3 kW WDR Eins Live, and 89.9 MHz/0.03 kW Germany Kultur. Despite the low power levels, the height of the antenna allows all frequencies to transmit to the northern suburbs. In 2002, the Cologne Tower replaced the former FM transmitter site on the nearby Hansahochaus on Hansaring.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Germany
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Cologne
Skyscrapers in Cologne
Jean Nouvel buildings
Tourist attractions in Cologne
Skyscraper office buildings in Germany
Office buildings completed in 2001
Banjane () or Banjani () is a village in the municipality of Čučer-Sandevo, North Macedonia. The village lies some 15 kilometers north of Skopje, in the region of Skopska Crna Gora. Banjane is best known for its three churches, St. Nicetas and St. Elias from 14th century and St. George from 16th century.
Geography and location
The village is located in the northern part of the Skopje Valley, on the territory of the Municipality of Cucer-Sandevo, below the southwestern slope of Skopska Crna Gora. The village is hilly, at an altitude of 500 meters. The village is 15 km away from the city of Skopje.
The area is rich in forests and pastures in the north, and in the south there is arable land. The Banjane River also passes through it. The locals were supplied with drinking water from wells, pumps and fountains.
Surrounding villages are Gornjane and Čučer-Sandevo from the west, Kučevište from the east and Gluvo/Brazda from the south.
Economy
The area of the village is large and covers an area of . It is dominated by forests with an area of 1,915.1 hectares , 301.1 hectares fall to pastures and 153 hectares to arable land.
The village basically has a mixed agricultural function.
Demographics
According to the statistics of the Bulgarian ethnographer Vasil Kanchov from 1900, 400 inhabitants lived in the village of Banjane, all Bulgarians.
According to the Secretary of the Bulgarian Exarchate Dimitar Mišev ("La Macédoine et sa Population Chrétienne"), in 1905 there were 600 Bulgarians in Banjane, labelled by him as Serbomans (patriarchs).
In his 1927 map of Macedonia, German explorer Leonhard Schultze-Jena shows Banjani as a Serbian village.
In 1961 the village had 687 inhabitants, of which 382 were Macedonians and 293 Serbs, while in 1994 it had 563 inhabitants, of which 324 were Serbs, 221 Macedonians and 8 Romani.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 597 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 294
Turks
Serbs 288
Romani 9
Others 5
References
Villages in Čučer-Sandevo Municipality
Serb communities in North Macedonia
Mojtaba Shiri may refer to:
Mojtaba Shiri (footballer born 1979), Iranian football defender who plays for Sanat Naft
Mojtaba Shiri (footballer born 1990), Iranian football striker who plays for Rah Ahan
Robert Allan Sneddon (born May 31, 1944) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in five games with the California Golden Seals during the 1970–71 NHL season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
1944 births
Anglophone Quebec people
Baltimore Clippers players
Binghamton Dusters players
California Golden Seals players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Dallas Black Hawks players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Living people
Muskegon Zephyrs players
Portland Buckaroos players
Port Huron Flags players
Providence Reds players
Quebec Aces (AHL) players
Rochester Americans players
St. Catharines Black Hawks players
Seattle Totems (WHL) players
Springfield Kings players
Tidewater Wings players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Domnus (or Domnio) was the metropolitan bishop of Sirmium early in the fourth century. He probably succeeded Irenaeus, the first known bishop of Sirmium, who was martyred in 304. He was deposed after 325 and before 337. By 343 he was dead.
Domnus was one of just five bishops from the Latin-speaking western half of the Roman empire known to have attended the First Council of Nicaea in 325. He is mentioned in the lists of signatories to the canons and the Nicene creed as Domnus Pannoniae (Domnus of Pannonia), Domnus Pannoniensis (the Pannonian) or Domnus metropolitanus (the metropolitan), without mention of a see. Similarly, when Domnus' successor at Sirmium, Eutherius, attended the Council of Serdica in 343, the lists named him only as a Pannoniis (from Pannonia). Since Sirmium was the capital of the province of Pannonia Secunda at the time and the largest and richest city in all of Pannonia, it is likely that it was the metropolis of the church there and it was understood that the Domnus and Eutherius represented their entire province.
Towards the end of the reign of Constantine I around the time of the First Council of Tyre in 335, Domnus was the victim of the anti-Nicene reaction that took hold in Pannonia. According to Athanasius of Alexandria's History of the Arians, Domnus was deposed, forced into exile and replaced because he "hated the [Arian] heresy". It is only Athanasius' contemporary reference to Domnus Sirmii that allows the bishop of Sirmium and the Nicene bishop to be connected. It is possible, however, reconstruct a nearly complete list of Catholic and Arian bishops of Sirmium for the fourth century.
Older works sometimes refer to Domnus of Pannonia as "Domnus of Stridon" (Domnus Stridonensis). This is an error. The village of Stridon, birthplace of Saint Jerome, did not have bishops. Rather, in some lists of Nicene signatories the name preceding that of Domnus, Budius Stobiensis (bishop of Stobi), has been corrupted to Stribon(ensis) and then mistakenly applied to Domnus, being hypercorrected in the process to Stridon(ensis). This error appears in the Illyricum sacrum (1751) and in Giovanni Domenico Mansi's Sacrorum Conciliorum nova et amplissima collectio (1758–98).
References
Further reading
Heinrich Gelzer, Heinrich Hilgenfeld and Otto Cuntz, eds. Patrum Nicaenorum Nomina Latine Graece Coptice Syriace Arabice Armeniace. Leipzig: Teubner, 1898.
4th-century births
4th-century bishops in Pannonia
Illyrian people
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Sirmium
Casey Snider is an American politician serving as a member of the Utah House of Representatives from the 5th district. Elected in 2018, he assumed office on January 2, 2019.
Early life and education
Snider was raised in Liberty, Utah. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in conservation and restoration ecology, law, and constitutional studies from Utah State University and a Master of Science in environmental science and policy from Johns Hopkins University.
Career
After earning his master's degree, Snider worked in the field of environmental and natural resources policy, commuting between Utah and Washington, D.C. He worked as a legislative director for Rob Bishop and was a staffer on the United States House Committee on Natural Resources. He is the executive director of the Bear River Land Conservancy. Snider has also worked as a rancher and volunteer firefighter in Cache County, Utah. Snider was elected to the Utah House of Representatives in 2018. When he assumed office on January 2, 2019, he became one of the youngest members of the House.
Personal life
Snider and his wife, Kelli, have one daughter. They live in Avon, Utah.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Utah State University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
People from Cache County, Utah
Utah Republicans
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
"Television Romance" is a song by the English indie pop band Pale Waves, released on 16 August 2017 to promote their debut album, My Mind Makes Noise (2018). The song, written by Heather Baron-Gracie and Ciara Doran and produced by Matthew Healy and George Daniel of the 1975, was inspired by an incident in which Baron-Gracie had to bluntly rebuff a hopeful suitor who was oblivious to her disinterest. The band also released a video for the song; directed by Healy and Samuel Burgess-Johnson, it features the band performing the song in a Manchester flat.
On 10 November 2017, "Television Romance" was re-released with the band's "There's a Honey" as a double A-side single by Dirty Hit. The single received largely positive reviews from music critics, with many applauding the band's sound and the song's catchiness (although some criticism was aimed at the song's similarity to the band's previous single, "There's a Honey"). At the end of 2017, Marie Claire named the single one of the best songs of the year, and upon its release as a physical single, "Television Romance" debuted at number 83 on the Scottish Singles Chart and at number 2 on the UK Vinyl Singles and UK Singles Sales Charts.
Composition
Background
"Television Romance" was written in 2016 by Pale Waves members Ciara Doran and Heather Baron-Gracie after a tour with the English indie pop band Sundara Karma, and in an interview with NME, Baron-Gracie explained that during this time, the band members were going through a period of self-doubt: "We got off that tour, and we're like, 'Right, we can't write.' We were so sad. … [But] then we came out with one of our best songs." According to Baron-Gracie, she and Doran came up with the title "Television Romance" while working on a university project: "There was this activity we were asked to do. We cut up all these words and had to find a title within these words. I found television and romance. We said we were going to make it into a song, and we did."
Lyrically, "Television Romance" was inspired by an interaction Baron-Gracie had had with an admirer who was oblivious to her disinterest: "['Television Romance'] is about a night we had … [And] somebody was just constantly coming onto me, and I was like, 'No, please stop! Because one, I don't want this, and two, I'm not really into you.' And they just wouldn't stop and I was like, 'Is it not obvious that I don't like you back?'" In a discussion with Sarah Kidd of Ambient Light, Baron-Gracie said, "That happens a lot in this day and age where people just don't listen and just keep trying to say something that obviously isn't the same for the other person." In the same interview, Baron-Gracie noted that some listeners incorrectly assume that "Television Romance" is a love song, even though "it's a rejection song ... It's looking at romance in a negative manner."
When it was being written, "Television Romance" went through various iterations—so many that the band began to question what exactly it "want[ed] to be". The final version of the song was produced by Matthew Healy and George Daniel of the 1975, and it was recorded in Healy's attic in 2017. Healy first expressed interest in producing the single after his manager, Jamie Oborne (who managed both the 1975 and Pale Waves), played him a demo of "Television Romance" and "There's a Honey". "Matty said he wished that 'Television Romance' was his song", Doran explained to the BBC, "so he wanted to have some involvement." Doran credits Healy and Daniel with "[taking] what [Pale Waves] had and [making] it sonically bigger", That said, when discussing how much of an impact Healy had on the band's sound, Baron-Gracie told NME that "we're different bands and different people. [Healy and the 1975] are our friends, and we're really close to them but we're both doing our own thing right now."
Music and lyrics
Musically, "Television Romance" is an indie pop song in the key of E major that is played at a tempo of 115 beats per minute. Described as "dream pop nostalgia", "Television Romance" opens with a "swirling guitar riff", and "high-pitched vocals, [all] backed by sugar-sweet synths". This specific soundscape has often been compared to music of the 1975 (NME, for instance, referred to the song as having "1975-like staccato verses") Regarding these comparisons, Baron-Gracie told Nylon magazine: "I guess people just hear poppy guitars these days and think, 'The 1975,' because they're the most relevant band at the moment, and they're so big people are automatically inclined to compare." While analysing the lyrics to "Television Romance", Euphoria magazine wrote that they are "dripping with solitude and teen angst as it is blooming with confidence".
When it came time to include "Television Romance" on the band's debut studio album, My Mind Makes Noises, the members of Pale Waves decided to remix both this song and their debut single "There's a Honey". "When we were listening back to [original mixes of 'There's a Honey' and 'Television Romance'] it was pretty clear that we had to re-record them," Baron-Gracie explained in a feature with Ones to Watch. "We wanted it to sound like they were all recorded at the same time in the same studio and having the [original versions] on the album just wouldn't have worked." Ciara Doran and Jonathan Gilmore (the latter of whom produced the band's debut album) handled remixing duties.
Music video
The music video for "Television Romance" was co-directed by Samuel Burgess-Johnson and Matty Healy, with the latter making his directorial debut. It was released on 18 September 2017 and features the band performing the song in the living room of a residence at a tower block. The video was filmed in a block of flats in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, near where the band's first practice space had been located. Regarding the location, Doran explained: "Everyone wanted [the video] to be Manchester-based, because it was important to us". The particular flat used in the video was owned by a 92-year-old woman. "She had no clue what was going on but she was loving it", Healy noted in an interview with NME. , the video has been viewed over 14.64 million times on YouTube.
Shahlin Graves of Coup de Main commented on how Baron-Gracie adds character to the video, writing "Heather Baron-Gracie, queen of iconic eye-rolls – long may you reign." Brittany Vincent of Alternative Press wrote positively of the video, describing it as both "low-key" and "very soothing". On 17 January it was announced that the music video was nominated for Best Video at the NME Awards 2018. The winner was revealed at the ceremony at London's O2 Academy Brixton on 14 February, with the band losing out to The Big Moon with their video for "Sucker".
Release and critical reception
Commercial release
The song was originally released on 16 August 2017 as a download and made available on streaming services the same day. It was re-released on 10 November 2017 as a 7" double A-side single with the band's debut single "There's a Honey", pressed on a limited edition white vinyl. Following its release, the "Television Romance"/"There's a Honey" double A-side debuted at number 83 on the Scottish Singles Chart, and at number 2 on the UK Vinyl Singles and UK Singles Sales Charts. , "Television Romance" has been streamed 18.10 million times on Spotify.
Critical reviews
Upon its release, "Television Romance" received positive reviews from music critics. Thomas Smith, writing for NME, called the song "a shimmering, summer-tinged indie banger". In particular, he applauded "the song's heavenly chorus", which "allows the Manchester quartet to elevate into a league of their own". Clash writer Robin Murray called the song "a sugar-sweet ear-worm of a track". She further described it as "infectious of chorus and glistening of production". Andy Von Pip of the online music blog, The VPME, praised the track, naming it their track of the day on 17 August 2017. Von Pip wrote that the song was a "lovingly crafted slice of slick but heartfelt indie, one that you could imagine being featured in a John Hughes montage". Von Pip also wrote highly of the "melancholic winsome appeal of Heather Baron-Gracie's fragile vocal". In a review of the band's debut album, My Mind Makes Noises, Emily Mackay of The Guardian, described the song as "monstrously addictive", and "all glistening 80s pop muscle and deadpan delivery". Marie Claire later named "Television Romance" one of the "Best Songs of 2017", ranking it at number 14.
Limited criticism was directed at the song for its similarities to the band's previous single, "There's a Honey". Von Pip, for instance, wrote: "['Television Romance' is] the follow up to their sublime official debut single for Dirty Hit Records 'There's A Honey' and to be honest it isn't a million miles away from that track, indeed there are points in the chorus that sound like it's actually going to morph into said debut". Heather Baron-Gracie addressed this criticism on 5 December 2017 via her official Twitter account, saying: "If our songs sound ‘similar' it's because we're the same band... lol".
Year-end lists
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of My Mind Makes Noises.
Pale Waves
Heather Baron-Gracie – vocals, guitar
Ciara Doran – drums, synthesizers, programming
Hugo Silvani – guitar
Charlie Wood – bass guitar
Additional musicians
Jonathan Gilmore – programming
Technical
George Daniel – production
Matthew Healy – production
Jonathan Gilmore – additional production
Ciara Doran – additional production
Joseph Rodgers – engineering
Mark "Spike" Stent – mixing
Robin Schmidt – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Release history
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Dirty Hit singles
Pale Waves songs
Songs written by Heather Baron-Gracie
Saint Francis of Assisi (Spanish:San Francisco de Asís) is a 1944 Mexican historical drama film directed by Alberto Gout and starring José Luis Jiménez, Alicia de Phillips and Antonio Bravo. It portrays the life of the Italian Saint Francis of Assisi.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Manuel Fontanals.
Cast
José Luis Jiménez
Alicia de Phillips
Antonio Bravo
Carmen Molina
Crox Alvarado
Elena D'Orgaz
Luis Alcoriza
Arturo Soto Rangel
Agustín Sen
Elia Ortiz
Roberto Cañedo
Emilio Brillas
Salvador Quiroz
Ángel T. Sala
Manuel Noriega
Conchita Gentil Arcos
Pepe Ruiz Vélez
Fernando Curiel
Francisco Pando
Manuel Pozos
Paco Martinez
Humberto Rodríguez
María Gentil Arcos
Leonor de Martorel
Ana Sáenz
Carmen Cortés
José Arratia
Alberto A. Ferrer
Jorge Arriaga
María Marcos
References
Bibliography
Daniel Biltereyst & Daniela Treveri Gennari. Moralizing Cinema: Film, Catholicism, and Power. Routledge, 2014.
External links
1944 films
1940s historical drama films
Mexican historical drama films
1940s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Alberto Gout
Films set in the 13th century
Films set in Italy
Mexican black-and-white films
1944 drama films
1940s Mexican films
Raghupriya (meaning The one dear to Raghu) is a ragam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 42nd melakarta rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Ravikriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 6th rāgam in the 7th chakra Rishi. The mnemonic name is Rishi-Sha. The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dhu nu. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(the notes shuddha rishabham, shuddha gandharam, prati madhyamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham, kakali nishadham are used in this scale)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Tanaroopi, which is the 6th melakarta scale.
Janya rāgams
Raghupriya has a few minor janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of janya Rāgams for full list of scales associated with Raghupriya.
Compositions
A few compositions set to the scale Raghupriya are:
Khalitaka vamsa by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Himagiri kumari by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Sadananda by Koteeswara Iyer
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Raghupriya's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields no other melakarta rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the Rishi chakra (Salagam, Jalarnavam, Jhalavarali, Navaneetam and Pavani being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
2-Bromopyridine is an organic compound with the formula BrC5H4N. It is a colorless liquid that is used as an intermediate in organic synthesis. It can be prepared from 2-aminopyridine via diazotization followed by bromination.
Reactions
2-Bromopyridine reacts with butyllithium to give 2-lithiopyridine, which is a versatile reagent. Pyrithione can be prepared in a two-step synthesis from 2-bromopyridine by oxidation to the N-oxide with a suitable peracid followed by substitution using either sodium dithionite or sodium sulfide with sodium hydroxide to introduce the thiol functional group.
References
Pyridines
Bromoarenes
Ross Canyon () is an undersea canyon named in association with Ross Sea. Name approved 6/88 (ACUF 228).
Canyons and gorges of Antarctica
Landforms of the Southern Ocean
Ninian Pinkney (17 June 1811 – 15 December 1877), also spelled Pinckney, born in the Hammond-Harwood House in Annapolis, Maryland. He graduated from St. John's College, Annapolis, Maryland, in 1829, and from Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1833. He spent his entire naval career helping to develop the field of surgery and medicine. He was especially prominent—and praised—during the American Civil War.
Military service
Appointed an assistant surgeon in the United States Navy on 26 March 1834, Pinkney received orders to the sloop of war Erie on 5 May. Ordered to report by 20 June, he joined the ship at Boston, Massachusetts, on 24 June, shortly before she sailed for the Brazil Station. Detached from Erie on 18 September 1837, he began two months of leave on 20 September, later changed to "waiting orders." Ordered to duty at the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 9 April 1838, he was detached from that duty on 2 April 1839, receiving one month of leave. He then joined the frigate Brandywine, assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron, on 17 August, shortly after she was recommissioned.
On 12 February 1840, Commodore Isaac Hull, commanding the squadron, ordered Pinkney to return to the United States, and the assistant surgeon reported his arrival on 24 April. Ordered thence, on 12 October 1840, to the storeship Relief, on the Pacific Squadron, Pinkney later served again on board Erie. He was promoted to surgeon on 27 October 1841.
Commodore Alexander J. Dallas, commanding the Pacific Squadron, granted Surgeon Pinkney permission to return to the United States in February 1844, and he arrived there in April of the same year. Ordered to the Receiving Ship and Naval Station, Baltimore, Maryland, on 24 June 1844, he received orders to "discharge duties" at the Naval Rendezvous (recruiting station) as well, on 21 April 1845.
Detached from the Baltimore Station on 19 September 1846 and placed in the status of "waiting orders," Pinkney was ordered to Albany on 14 October; he reported to that new sloop of war, assigned to the Home Squadron, a little less than a fortnight later, on 27 October. Transferred to sloop of war Germantown, also in the Home Squadron, three days after Christmas the following year 28 December 1847, he was detached from that ship on 23 February 1848. Carried on the status of "waiting orders" on 1 January of the following year [1849], Pinkney was ordered to the new sidewheel sloop of war Saranac on 4 February 1850, to report for duty on the 24th of that month. Detached from that ship on 22 July 1851, the surgeon was then ordered [10 September] to review candidates for admission to the U.S. Naval Academy. Following another period of "waiting orders," he was ordered to the Naval Academy on 3 April 1852.
Detached from the Academy on 5 July 1855, Pinkney subsequently received orders to the sidewheel frigate Susquehanna on 31 March 1856, and served in that ship as she cruised in the Mediterranean and off the coast of Central America, and later operated in assistance of the steam frigate Niagara in her unsuccessful attempt to lay the Atlantic Cable in August 1857. Detached from Susquehanna on 19 April 1858, he was ordered to the U.S. Naval Hospital at Norfolk, Virginia, on 21 October, his actual time of reporting delayed from 1 November to 1 December 1858. Detached from that medical facility ashore on 9 June 1859, Pinkney received orders to join the screw frigate San Jacinto as she prepared for a cruise to the coast of Africa.
Illness, however, shortened Pinkney's tour of duty in San Jacinto, as he was detached from the ship at Cadiz, Spain, and ordered home "because of ill health" on 28 March 1860. Arriving back in the United States on 23 April, he went to Easton, Maryland, where he apparently remained until he was ordered to special duty in Washington, D.C., on 8 June 1861. Detached from duty in the capitol on 12 December 1861, he received orders to report as the Fleet Surgeon, Mississippi Squadron, on the last day 1861.
Civil War service
Pinkney served in the Mississippi Squadron for the duration of the American Civil War, performing "the most arduous duty in caring for the sick and wounded." He succeeded in getting possession of the Commercial Hotel, in Memphis, Tennessee, a building "admirably located and well adapted for hospital purposes" in March 1863. The shortage of assistant surgeons compelled Pinkney to serve on board the U.S. Navy Hospital Ship Red Rover, "where he has been of great service fitting out his department." Acting Rear-Admiral David Dixon Porter, Commanding the Mississippi Squadron, called Pinkney's presence
Porter used the occasion to dispel any misgivings about the fleet surgeon's "little peculiarities" (Pinkney was known to be of "a 'peppery' nature and stood firmly on his dignity and rights"), writing to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles on 30 March 1863 of Pinkney that "...a more zealous, devoted officer to the profession, and to the country, does not exist anywhere..."
Soon thereafter, the fleet surgeon directed the provision of new ships fitting out at St. Louis, Missouri, and Cincinnati, Ohio, with medical stores during June, 1863, and later that summer supervised the conversion of a seized Rebel building at Memphis, Tennessee, into a hospital.
Pinkney received the wounded from the fall of Fort Pillow in April 1864, on board the Hospital Ship Red Rover, and treated them. Subsequently, one of the nursing Sisters, employed on board Red Rover, wrote to express her appreciation for the kindness Pinkney had extended to them. "Through them," Sister Angela, of the Order of the Holy Cross, wrote on 11 August 1864,
Post-Civil War service
Commodore Pinkney retired from active duty on 15 June 1865. Over the next four years (until 8 November 1869), performed a succession of duties, serving as a member of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy, presided over the board that examined candidates for admission to the Academy, and served as a delegate to represent the Medical Department of the Navy to the Medical Department in England. Ordered to duty at Washington, D.C., on 1 October 1870, he was promoted to the rank of Medical Director on 3 March 1871.
Final years
Detached from the Washington Navy Yard and retired with that rank on 7 June 1873, Pinkney, who received a doctor of laws degree from his alma mater, St. John's College, Annapolis, in 1873. He died after a brief illness at his residence, "Londonderry," near Easton, Maryland, on 15 December 1877.
Honored in ship naming
The United States Navy ship [[USS Pinkney (APH-2)|USS Pinkney (APH-2)]] which saw action in the Pacific Ocean during World War II was named in his honor.
References
1811 births
1877 deaths
United States Navy Medical Corps officers
United States Naval Academy
Union Navy surgeons
St. John's College (Annapolis/Santa Fe) alumni
Thomas Jefferson University alumni
People from Annapolis, Maryland
People of Maryland in the American Civil War
Physicians from Maryland
The Tasikmalaya derailment occurred on 4 April 2014 at 18:30 local time when the passenger train "Malabar", with 250 passengers on board, was derailed by a landslide in Kadipaten, Tasikmalaya Regency, West Java. The accident killed 5 people and another 35 were injured. Heavy rain triggered the landslide, which derailed the train as it traveled through Java, the most populous island in Indonesia.
Accident
The Malabar train was carrying 11 train cars and 360 passengers at the time of the incident, this accident was caused by a landslide at km 244, Terung Village RT 05 RW 09, Mekarsari Village, Kadipaten District, Tasikmalaya Regency, West Java due to heavy rains with a long duration, so the train overturned. This accident resulted in 5 deaths.
As a result of the accident, two executive-class cars, K1 0 67 27 and K1 0 67 22, along with the CC206 13 55 locomotive fell off the rails. Due to the heavy terrain, the evacuation of the locomotive was hampered. The weight of the CC206 locomotive, , also hindered its evacuation. In addition, because of the very severe damage to carriage K1 0 67 22, the carriage had to be dismantled. Meanwhile, K1 0 67 27 could be saved after being fitted with a temporary bogie and undergoing major repairs at the Manggarai Depot.
References
Railway accidents in 2014
Accidents and incidents involving Kereta Api Indonesia
2014 in Indonesia
Derailments in Indonesia
Tasikmalaya Regency
Derailments in Asia
April 2014 events in Asia
The South Dakota Public Utilities Commission (PUC) regulates the energy, Telecommunications and grain warehouse companies located in South Dakota. The PUC keeps track of the Do Not Call Registry. Commissioners are elected to six-year terms in staggered elections, with special elections should vacancies arise.
References
External links
South Dakota Public Utilities Commission Website
Michelle Georgina Mone, Baroness Mone, (née Allan; born 8 October 1971) is a British businesswoman and life peer. In 1996, she and her husband Michael Mone founded MJM International Ltd and the lingerie company Ultimo, which she sold in 2014. While working for MJM, she promoted naturopathic diet pills from TrimSecrets, which were criticised by the British Dietetic Association.
In 2015, she became a Conservative life peer. In 2020, it was revealed by The Guardian that Mone's husband was involved with PPE Medpro, a company supplying personal protective equipment to the NHS. The company had been given two controversial fast-tracked contracts during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom after it had been recommended to the government by Mone four days prior to its official establishment. The House of Lords commissioner for standards launched an investigation into these contracts in January 2022.
Business career
Mone obtained a marketing job with the Labatt brewing company and, within two years, had risen to become its head of marketing in Scotland. She was then made redundant by the company, prompting her to set up her own business, and has since admitted that she invented qualifications on her CV to obtain the job.
MJM International
In November 1996 she founded MJM International with her then-husband Michael. In August 1999, Mone launched the Ultimo lingerie brand at Selfridges department store in London. Mone came up with the idea for the Ultimo bra, the brand's first product when she was wearing an uncomfortable cleavage-enhancing bra one day and believed she could create a more comfortable cleavage-enhancing bra. Mone had read about a new silicone product while on holiday in Florida and approached the company to obtain its European licence to produce bras. Mone has claimed that an Ultimo bra was worn by Julia Roberts in the Hollywood movie, Erin Brockovich, but this was refuted by the film's creators. Ultimo went on to include other products, such as backless dresses and shapewear, which led to MJM International's growth.
In 2014, a former operations director for MJM won a claim for unfair dismissal from her company after discovering that Mone had authorised electronic bugging of his office. Mone threatened to sue her critics when it was revealed her company MJM International had paid a substantial sum of money into a controversial tax avoidance scheme, criticised by Chancellor George Osborne as "morally repugnant". Following a test case brought by HMRC against Rangers F.C., the employee benefit trust (the type of tax avoidance scheme used by MJM International) was ruled illegal in November 2015. Following the breakdown of her relationship with her husband, Mone left the company briefly in 2013. The business assets were transferred to its parent firm, Ultimo Brands International Ltd, in a partnership with MAS Holdings. MJM International was then dissolved. In November 2014, Mone sold down her stake in Ultimo Brands International to 20% to partner MAS Holdings. In August 2015, Mone resigned her directorships of both MJM and Ultimo, saying she had sold 80% of the latter.
TrimSecrets and weight loss
TrimSecrets were weight loss pills originally formulated by the naturopath, Jan de Vries. The product also consisted of diet and exercise advice. In 2006 MJM formed a joint venture with Jan de Vries, taking a 50% share in the product. Mone claimed that exercise and reduced caloric intake had no effect on her weight and has credited TrimSecrets pills with her weight loss. Mone also incorrectly claimed the efficacy of the product had been proven in clinical trials, but when questioned further, she explained that circa 60 users had completed a questionnaire but was unable to produce the results.
In October 2013, Jan de Vries sold his interest in the company with Mone having 60% of the business and a silent business partner the remaining 40%. In August 2015 it was reported that the company had made a loss in each of the last four years that accounts were available.
In November 2015, Mone was criticised for using her "Baroness Mone"-styled Twitter account to promote TrimSecrets pills, although a spokesman for Mone said she had disposed of her ownership of the firm before her tweet. A spokesman for the British Dietetic Association said "there is no scientific basis or rationale for these products, they are making claims which are unfounded and feeding into public confusion around nutrition and pseudo-science."
In 2007, Mone said she kept fit by running around meeting to meeting. On Loose Women in 2020, she said she lost weight through hiring a nutritionist and trainer full-time.
Ultimo Beauty / Ubeauty Global
In 2012 Mone's company, Ultimo Beauty, launched a fake tan product. In 2014 when announcing that she had sold most of her stake in Ultimo, she confirmed she had taken 100% control of Ubeauty Global, consisting of the assets of Ultimo Beauty.
In 2016, after she was made a peer, Mone changed the company formation so that it no longer had to publish public trading accounts. In February 2017 accounts for the company were published, covering the time from 2014 to 2016 and it was revealed the company had assets of £23,000. In March 2017, Mone announced that she had sold the company.
Political career
Mone says she previously supported the Labour Party, as did her family, but withdrew her support in 2009 after the prime minister, Gordon Brown, increased the top income tax rate to 50%, also indicating that she would leave the UK. She further stated that Brown and his government mismanaged the country's finances during the global economic crisis. During the London riots in August 2011, Mone called for the army to be brought in and tweeted "People who riot, steal, cover face deserve zero human rights". In January 2012, she gave an interview to The Sunday Times stating her intention to move herself and her business to England were Scotland to become independent following the 2014 referendum on the issue. However, despite Scotland voting No in the referendum, Mone confirmed a few months later that she was leaving Scotland.
On 10 August 2015, the government announced that Mone would lead a two-part review into entrepreneurship and small businesses, particularly focusing upon setting up small businesses in deprived areas, under the Work and Pensions Secretary, Iain Duncan Smith. On 27 August 2015, the prime minister, David Cameron, announced a list of new creations of life peers, including Mone. Her inclusion drew criticism from other business leaders. Some Conservatives questioned her suitability for the House of Lords. Senior Scottish Conservatives also criticised Cameron's action, describing Mone as "a public relations creation, a personal brand rather than a serious businesswoman".
Mone was criticised when her first vote in the House of Lords was to vote against a motion to delay government cuts to tax credits of around £1300 a year for three million low-income families. Mone responded to the controversy by tweeting that people should "work hard" and not "look for excuses" for their own poverty. In October 2016 she said that she was wrong to support the cuts and she regretted the way she voted. By early 2022, Mone had made only five speeches in the House of Lords and asked 22 written questions.
PPE Medpro Controversy and Guardian Investigation
In October 2020 it was revealed that PPE Medpro, a company led by Anthony Page, a business associate of Mone and her husband Doug Barrowman, had been awarded a contract for £122 million to supply personal protective equipment (PPE) to the NHS during the COVID-19 pandemic. Page resigned as secretary for MGM Media, the company that manages and receives payment for Mone's branding and media engagements and on the same day he formed Medpro. In October 2020, a spokeswoman for Mone stated she "has no role or involvement in PPE Medpro", adding: "Mr Barrowman is also not involved in the company PPE Medpro and is not a Director or Shareholder." It later emerged that a second contract for £80 million was awarded to Medpro even earlier when the company was just 4 weeks old.
In November 2021, Freedom of Information request revealed that Mone personally recommended the company to the government through its VIP fast-track lane for firms with political connections and that the company was awarded £200m in government contracts. This high-priority process was set up in the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic in order to bypass the normal competitive tender process for procurement that was considered urgent. It further emerged in January 2022 that Mone recommended Medpro for a government contract five days before the company had been formed. At the time, Mone's lawyers stated that she "was not connected to PPE Medpro in any capacity" but documents leaked to The Guardian revealed that a director of the company was a long term employee of Mone's husband's company. WhatsApp messages seen by The Guardian appeared to show Mone discussing the size of garments that formed part of a contract. Lawyers for Mone and her husband denied the allegations. Following a complaint by the Labour peer George Foulkes, the House of Lords commissioner for standards launched an investigation into the relationship between Mone and Medpro in January 2022. On Wednesday 27 April 2022 Mone's homes in London and on the Isle of Man and associated business addresses were raided by the police, who have launched an investigation into potential fraud. The National Crime Agency is pursuing a tandem investigation into PPE Medpro.
Awards and recognition
On 21 November 2002, Paisley University awarded her an honorary doctorate. Mone was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her "services to the lingerie industry" in the 2010 New Year Honours.
After consultation with the College of Arms, on 30 September 2015, she was created a life peer as Baroness Mone, of Mayfair in the City of Westminster. She was introduced in the House of Lords on 15 October by fellow Conservative peers Lord Freud and Baroness Morris of Bolton.
Personal life
Born on 8 October 1971, Michelle Allan grew up in Glasgow's East End. Mone's younger brother died as a result of spina bifida.
Mone left school aged 15, with no qualifications, to pursue a modelling career. At 17 she met her future husband, Michael Mone and by 18 years old, Michelle was pregnant with her first child, Rebecca. She then converted from Protestantism to Catholicism and married Michael, an anaesthetist's son from a Catholic family. The couple had three children during their marriage. On 27 December 2011, lawyers announced the couple's formal separation after 20 years of marriage.
Mone has appeared on a number of TV programmes, including The Apprentice and 71 Degrees North.
On 26 December 2018 Mone announced her engagement to billionaire businessman Douglas Barrowman. They were married on 29 November 2020.
In December 2021, a wealth manager of Indian heritage accused Mone of sending racist text messages to him after the two were involved in a 2019 yachting incident in Monaco, which resulted in the death of a person. He said that Mone called him "a waste of a man's white skin" via text. A spokesperson for Mone said she was not racist because "Baroness Mone and her husband have built over 15 schools in Africa in the past three years"; this was followed by a message from her lawyers, who said that Mone could not access her messages and had no "detailed memory of them". The allegations of racism were referred to the House of Lords Commissioner for Standards, but commissioners did not investigate the matter as Mone's comments were said in a personal capacity and not in her capacity as a member of the House of Lords. In January 2022, the Metropolitan Police announced they were investigating the incident after receipt of an allegation of a racially aggravated malicious communication.
References
External links
Official Michelle Mone website
www.parliament.uk
1971 births
Living people
Scottish fashion designers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Businesspeople from Glasgow
People from Thorntonhall
Scottish Roman Catholics
Scottish businesspeople in fashion
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
British monarchists
21st-century Scottish businesspeople
BBC 100 Women
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Protestantism
Labour Party (UK) people
Politicians from Glasgow
Scottish Conservative Party politicians
British women fashion designers
21st-century British women politicians
Francis Higginson (1588 – 1630) was an early Puritan minister in Colonial New England, and the first minister of Salem, Massachusetts.
Biography
England
The son of a minister, Francis Higginson received his B.A. degree from Jesus College, Cambridge, in 1610 and his M.A. in 1613. About 1615, he became minister at Claybrooke, one of the parishes of Leicester, and acquired great influence as a preacher. Through his acquaintance with Arthur Hildersham and Thomas Hooker, he became disenchanted with the church of England and began to associate himself with Puritan congregations. Religion in England was still going through a very discordant time, especially when King Charles I ascended the throne in 1625 and married a French Catholic Princess. Puritans in England were persecuted for their beliefs and practices with their ministers being forbidden to preach. Higginson left his parish, although he continued to preach occasionally in the pulpits of the church of England. He refused offers of many excellent well paying jobs on account of his opinions, and was supporting himself by preparing young men for the university.
Expedition
In 1628, Higginson was invited to join the Massachusetts Bay Company, which he did. In 1629 the Company obtained a Royal Charter from Charles I of England to form a "plantation" in New England. Higginson and his Puritan sympathizers were asked to lead the first expedition to New England's Massachusetts Bay Colony and establish preliminary settlements.
Higginson led a group of about 350 settlers (including many of his own congregation) on six ships from England to New England. Because of the ever-present pirate threat as well as the undeclared war with Spain all ships carried armament. The Lyon's Whelp and the "Talbot" left from Yarmouth, Isle of Wight 11 May 1629 and arrived in Salem harbor 29 June 1629. The Higginson Fleet brought with them 115 head of cattle, as well as horses and mares, cows and oxen, 41 goats, some conies (rabbits), along with all the provisions needed for setting up households and surviving till they could get crops in. They would have to build their lodgings for the coming winter from scratch. These were some of the first settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, the main body who would start coming in 1630 on the Winthrop Fleet. The Higginson Fleet set sail on the 1 May 1629, arriving in Salem harbor on the 24 June 1629, and was greeted by a small group of settlers, led by John Endecott.
The ships in the fleet were:
Talbot (carried 19 cannon) Capt. Benjamin Gonson/Ganson, family had long history with the Royal Navy., Sir Admiral Richard Hawkins and Sir Francis Drake. Long line of descendants.
George Bonaventure (carried 20 cannon)
Lyon's Whelp (carried 40 planters + crew + 8 cannon)
Four Sisters (carried 14 cannon)
Mayflower (carried 14 guns and was a different ship than the Pilgrim's Mayflower.
Pilgrim (small ship with 4 guns that carried supplies only)
Salem
In Salem there were five houses besides Endecott's. They had no trained minister, however, so Higginson and Samuel Skelton began conducting services immediately. Higginson drew up a confession of faith, which was assented to, on 6 August, by thirty persons. In the following winter, in the general sickness that ravaged the Massachusetts Bay Colony, he was attacked by a fever, which disabled him, and finally caused his death at the age of 43, leaving behind a widow and eight children.
He had married Anne Herbert (died in or before 1640) on 8 January 1616 at St Peter's, Nottingham. Their eldest son, John (1616–1708), also trained for the ministry. He succeeded his father-in-law Henry Whitfeld or Whitfield (1597-1687) as minister at Guilford, Connecticut, and served as pastor of Salem from 1659. Another son, Francis Higginson (1618–1673), returned to England and became vicar of Kirkby Stephen, Westmoreland, where he lived until his death.
A portion of his diary was published in 1630 under the title, New Englands Plantation, or a Short and True Description of the Commodities and Discommodities of that Country. He also wrote an account of his voyage, which is preserved in Hutchinson's collection of papers.
References
1588 births
1630 deaths
17th-century Christian clergy
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
Kingdom of England emigrants to Massachusetts Bay Colony
Massachusetts colonial-era clergy
17th-century New England Puritan ministers
Santa Maria della Manna d'Oro is a renaissance-style, former sanctuary-church located in the center of Spoleto, Province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy. The church faces the piazza del Duomo.
A sanctuary dedicated to the Vergine della Misericordia existed at the site, but because it was dilapidated and because the city had escaped sacking by the Imperial troops in 1527, the merchants in the commune decided to refurbish the church. It is also said that Spoleto merchants profited from trading with the imperial forces, hence the surname manna of gold. It was built with an octagonal dome above a plain square base, and the interior space reflects the octagonal layout.
Construction began in 1527, but was not complete until the early 17th century. The interior is now used for exhibition space and houses an elaborate baptismal font originally from the Cathedral, and some canvases by Sebastiano Conca.
AA.VV.,
References
Churches in Spoleto
Neoclassical architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Neoclassical church buildings in Italy
The concept of an Ogdoad appears in Gnostic systems of the early Christian era, and was further developed by the theologian Valentinus (ca. 160 AD).
The number eight plays an important part in Gnostic systems, and it is necessary to distinguish the different forms in which it appeared at different stages in the development of Gnosticism. The earliest Gnostic systems included a theory of seven heavens and a supercelestial region called the Ogdoad. Astronomical theories had introduced the concept of seven planetary spheres with an eighth above them, the sphere of the fixed stars.
In the system of Valentinus, the seven heavens, and even the region above them, were regarded as but the lowest and last stage of the exercise of creative power. Above them was the Pleroma, where were exhibited the first manifestations of the evolution of subordinate existence from the great First Principle.
7 + 1 System
Seven heavens
All the early Gnostics of whose opinions Irenaeus gives an account, in a section (i. 23 sqq.) probably derived from an earlier writer, agree in the doctrine that the world was made by the instrumentality of archons (angels). The brief account given of the teaching of the first two in the list, Simon and Menander, does not state whether or not they defined the number of these archons; but it is expressly told of the third, Saturninus (ch. 24), that he counted them as seven. At the end of the first book of Irenaeus is a section to all appearance derived from a source different from that just referred to. He here (c. 29) relates the opinions of heretics to whom he himself gives no title, but whom his copyist Theodoret (Haer. Fab. i. 14) calls Ophites. The Ophite teaching may be used to illustrate that of Saturninus, his connexion with that school being closer than with any other. It would have been natural to think that the number of seven archons was suggested to Saturninus by astronomical considerations; and this supposition is verified by the statement in the later chapter (c. 30) that the holy Hebdomas are the seven stars called planets. In fact, the sphere of the seven stars, Saturn, Jupiter, Mars, the Sun, Venus, Mercury, and the Moon, were supposed to be presided over, each by a different archon. Their names are differently given; Irenaeus (c. 30) giving them, Ialdabaoth, the chief, Iao, Sabaoth, Adonaeus, Eloaeus, Oreus, and Astaphaeus. With this closely agrees Origen, who, writing of the Ophites (Adv. Cels. vi. 31, 32), gives the names Ialdabaoth, Iao, Sabaoth, Adonaeus, Astaphaeus, Eloaeus, Horaeus. Epiphanius (Haer. 26, p. 91), relating the opinions of what was clearly a branch of the same school, places in the highest heaven Ialdabaoth or, according to others, Sabaoth; in the next, Elilaeus according to one version, Ialdabaoth according to the other; in the next Adonaeus and Eloaeus; beneath these Dades, Seth, and Saclas; lowest of all Iao. It was thought that each of the Jewish prophets was sent by a different one of these seven archons, whose special glory that prophet was to declare. Thus (Irenaeus, i. 30, p. 109) the first archon sent Moses, Joshua, Amos, and Habakkuk; the second Samuel, Nathan, Jonah, and Micah; the third Elijah, Joel, and Zechariah; the fourth Isaiah, Ezekiel, Jeremiah, and Daniel; the fifth Book of Tobit and Haggai; the sixth Micah (qu. Malachi?) and Nahum; the seventh Ezra and Zephaniah.
Eighth sphere
The ancient astronomy taught that above the seven planetary spheres was an eighth, the sphere of the fixed stars (Clem. Alex. Strom. iv. 25, xxv. p. 636: see also his quotation, v. 11, p. 692, of a mention of the fifth heaven in apocryphal writings ascribed to Zephaniah). In the eighth sphere, these Gnostics taught, dwelt the mother to whom all these archons owed their origin, Sophia or Prunikos according to the version of Irenaeus, Barbelo according to that of Epiphanius. In the language of these sects the word hebdomad not only denotes the seven archons, but is also a name of place, denoting the heavenly regions over which the seven archons presided; while Ogdoad denotes the supercelestial regions which lay above their control.
Again, beside the higher hebdomad of the seven archons, the Ophite system told of a lower hebdomad. After the serpent in punishment for having taught the first parents to transgress the commands of Ialdabaoth was cast down into this lower world, he begat himself six sons, who with himself form a hebdomad, the counterpart of that of which his father Ialdabaoth is chief. These are the seven demons, the scene of whose activity is this lower earth, not the heavens; and who delight in injuring the human race on whose account their father had been cast down. Origen (Adv. Cels. 30) gives their names and forms from an Ophite diagram; Michael in form as a lion, Suriel as an ox, Raphael as a dragon, Gabriel as an eagle, Thauthabaoth as a bear, Erataoth as a dog, Onoel or Thartharaoth as an ass.
It does not appear that the Oriental philosophy, or the earliest Gnostic systems, recognised any place higher than the eighth sphere; and it is here that according to the account of Epiphanius (Haer. 26, p. 91) dwelt Barbelo the mother of all. But Grecian philosophy came to teach that above the sensible world there lay a still higher, and Clem. Alex. (iv. 25) speaks of the eighth sphere as lying nearest to noeto kosmo. Accordingly, those Gnostic systems which are tinctured by Grecian philosophy, while leaving untouched the doctrine of seven or eight material heavens, develop in various ways the theory of the region above them. In the system of Basilides, as reported by Hippolytus (vii. 20 sqq.), Ogdoad and Hebdomad are merely names of place. In that system the universe is divided into the Kosmos and the hypercosmical region. At the highest point of the Kosmos presides the great archon, ruling over the Ogdoad, or ethereal region, which is described as reaching down to the moon. Beneath the Ogdoad is the Hebdomad presided over by its own archon. In one place (p. 238) the names Ogdoad and Hebdomad seem to be given to the archons themselves. In any case the names shew marks of having been derived from a previous system, for the system of Basilides itself gives no account of the numbers seven or eight; and the number of heavens is not limited to seven, as many as 365 being counted. In Pistis Sophia, the doctrine of the higher regions receives such enormous development that the seven planetary spheres are thought of as contemptibly low; and Ialdabaoth, once their ruler, in this book sinks to a demon.
The word Hebdomad occurs also in the Clementine Homilies, but its use there is quite unconnected with the teaching hitherto described. The mystery of the Hebdomad there unfolded (Hom. xvii. 10) is an independent exposition of the six days' work of creation, and the seventh day's rest; illustrated by the six directions, into which infinite space extends, viz. up, down, right, left, backward, forward, together with the central point considered as making a seventh.
The mysteries of the number seven are treated of by Clem. Alex. (Strom. vi. 16), and in the source whence he borrowed (Philo, de Op. Mund. and Leg. Allegor., where the theme is enlarged on, khairei he physis hebdomadi).
6 + 2 System
In the system of Valentinus again the names Ogdoad and Hebdomad occur in the same signification. Above this lower world are the seven heavens, where dwells their maker the Demiurge himself also, on that account, called Hebdomas (Iren. I. v. p. 24). Of these seven heavens Marcus taught in more detail (Iren. I. xiv. 7, p.72). Above these heavens is the Ogdoad, also called he mesotes, and Jerusalem above, the abode of Achamoth, who herself also is called Ogdoad (Iren. I. v. 2, p. 24; Hippol. vi. p. 191). Over the Ogdoad is the Pleroma, the abode of the Aeons. Thus (Hippol. p. 195), we have the threefold division, ta kata tous aionas, ta kata ten ogdoada, ta kata ten hebdomada. This use of the words Hebdomad and Ogdoad also bears traces of derivation from a previous system, the word Ogdoad occurring in a different sense in the system of Valentinus himself, whose Ogdoad within the Pleroma was probably intended to answer to the Ogdoad outside. Irenaeus (ii. 107) argues from what is told of Paul's ascent to the third heaven against the low place assigned to the heavens in the Valentinian scheme.
First Ogdoad
In the earliest stages of that evolution we have (Iren. I. i.) eight primary Aeons constituting the first Ogdoad. The ultimate conception of God, named the Ineffable Father and who has existed since before the beginning, is described as Depth or Profundity (Bythos). All around him exists a female power that has been named Silence (Sige). These two deities, Depth and Silence, become the cause, through a process of emanation, of the other archetypal beings or Aeons. The Aeons are always born in male-female pairs (as syzygies), each of which is in itself a divine principle but at the same time represents one aspect of the Ineffable Father, who otherwise could not be described nor comprehended as he is beyond all names. The emanation takes place in the following manner: Depth-and-Silence gives birth to Mind-and-Truth (Nous and Aletheia), who gives birth to Word-and-Life (Logos and Zoe), who gives birth to Man-and-Church (Anthropos and Ecclesia). These Aeonic pairs comprise the Fullness of Godhead (Pleroma), and the first eight Aeons that have been expounded here are the Valentinian Ogdoad.
Though this Ogdoad is first in order of evolution, if the Valentinian theory be accepted as true, yet to us who trace the history of the development of that system the lower Ogdoad must clearly be pronounced the first, and the higher only as a subsequent extension of the previously accepted action of an Ogdoad. Possibly also the Egyptian doctrine of eight primary gods (see above) may have contributed to the formation of a theory of which Egypt was the birthplace. In any case an Ogdoad 7 + 1 would have been inconsistent with a theory an essential part of which was the coupling its characters in pairs, male and female. Hippolytus of Rome (Ref. vi. 20, p. 176) connects the system of Valentinus with that of Simon, in which the origin of things is traced to a central first principle, together with six "roots." If for the one first principle we substitute a male and female principle, the 6 + 1 of Simon becomes the 6 + 2 of Valentinus. This very question, however, whether the first principle were to be regarded as single or twofold was one on which the Valentinians themselves were not agreed; and their differences as to the manner of counting the numbers of the primary Ogdoad confirm what has been said as to the later origin of this doctrine.
4 + 4 System
The doctrine of an Ogdoad of the commencement of finite existence having been established by Valentinus, those of his followers who had been imbued with the Pythagorean philosophy introduced a modification. In that philosophy the Tetrad was regarded with peculiar veneration, and held to be the foundation of the sensible world. The Pythagorean oath by the Tetrad is well known.
The Valentinian Secundus divided the Ogdoad into a right-hand and a left-hand Tetrad (Iren. I. xi.); and in the case of Marcus, who largely uses Pythagorean speculations about numbers, the Tetrad holds the highest place in the system.
References
Bibliography
Encyclopedie van de Mythologie. van Reeth, Dr. A. Tirion, Baarn: 1994
Ewa Wasilewska Creation Stories of the Middle East, Jessica Kingsley Publishers 2000, pp. 60ff.
George Hart The Routledge Dictionary Of Egyptian Gods And Goddesses, Routledge 2005, p. 113
Françoise Dunand, Christiane Zivie-Coche Gods and Men in Egypt: 3.000 BCE to 395 CE, Cornell University Press 2004
John D. Baines, Byron Esely Shafer, David P. Silverman, Leonard H. Lesko Religion in Ancient Egypt: Gods, Myths, and Personal Practice, Cornell University Press 1991
Attribution
Creation myths
Gnosticism
First Presbyterian Church was a historic Presbyterian church building and congregation at 100 West Bridge Street in Wetumpka, Alabama. The Carpenter Gothic structure was built by a local builder in 1856 at a cost of $2,300. It featured a Gothic Revival exterior and a Greek Revival interior. The finished building was dedicated on June 14, 1857. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Notable past members included the secessionist Congressman William Lowndes Yancey and Alabama's 11th governor Benjamin Fitzpatrick. The Wetumpka Light Guard departed for service in the Confederate States Army from the church's lawn in 1861. Following the American Civil War, Senator John H. Bankhead was married here to Tallulah James Brockman.
The historic church building was destroyed by an EF2 tornado on January 19, 2019. On January 22, 2019, Pastor Jonathan Yarboro stated that the first step will be to salvage anything that is left and that the congregation is committed to rebuilding the church as it was before the storm.
See also
Historical Marker Database
References
External links
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Elmore County, Alabama
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1856
Churches in Elmore County, Alabama
Historic American Buildings Survey in Alabama
Antusheva Gora () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 9 as of 2002.
Geography
Antusheva Gora is located 79 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Petrishcheva Gora is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Puerto Libertador () is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Puerto Libertador
References
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Sean Langmuir (born 9 November 1967 in Grantown-on-Spey) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Scottish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Highland (council area)
People from Moray
Shinyei Nakamine (January 21, 1920 – June 2, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He is best known for receiving the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.
Early life
Nakamine was born in Hawaii to Okinawan immigrant parents. He was a Nisei, which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.
Soldier
One month before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Nakamine joined the US Army in November 1941.
Nakamine volunteered to be part of the all-Nisei 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.
For his actions in June 1944, Nakamine was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross.
Medal of Honor citation
Nakamine received the medal for advancing on enemy forces when his own unit was pinned down. He was subsequently killed during this engagement and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross which was eventually upgraded to the Medal of Honor upon military review in June 2000.
Rank and organization: Private, U.S. Army, Company B, 100th Infantry Battalion (Separate). Place and date: La Torreto, Italy, June 2, 1944. Entered service at: Honolulu, Hawaii. Born: January 21, 1920, Waianae, Oahu
Citation:
Private Shinyei Nakamine distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 2 June 1944, near La Torreto, Italy. During an attack, Private Nakamine's platoon became pinned down by intense machine gun crossfire from a small knoll 200 yards to the front. On his own initiative, Private Nakamine crawled toward one of the hostile weapons. Reaching a point 25 yards from the enemy, he charged the machine gun nest, firing his submachine gun, and killed three enemy soldiers and captured two. Later that afternoon, Private Nakamine discovered an enemy soldier on the right flank of his platoon's position. Crawling 25 yards from his position, Private Nakamine opened fire and killed the soldier. Then, seeing a machine gun nest to his front approximately 75 yards away, he returned to his platoon and led an automatic rifle team toward the enemy. Under covering fire from his team, Private Nakamine crawled to a point 25 yards from the nest and threw hand grenades at the enemy soldiers, wounding one and capturing four. Spotting another machine gun nest 100 yards to his right flank, he led the automatic rifle team toward the hostile position but was killed by a burst of machine gun fire. Private Nakamine's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.
See also
List of Asian American Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
442nd Regimental Combat Team
References
External links
"Army Secretary Lionizes 22 World War II Heroes" at Defense.gov
Shineyei Nakamine at Hall of Valor
1920 births
1944 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American military personnel of Japanese descent
United States Army soldiers
Hawaii people of Okinawan descent
People from Hawaii
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific
The Chinese gold yuan (also known as golden round, golden yuan, among others) was a defunct legal tender currency of China between August 1948 and 1949. It was a method used by the Republic of China government to accumulate gold from its citizens in preparation to relocate to Taiwan. It circulated in the country under the effective control of the Government of the Republic of China known as Taiwan Province, R.O.C., which issued paper money. issued on August 19, 1948. This currency was notorious for vicious inflation due to inadequate issuance preparation and failure to strictly enforce issuance limits. In the early days of the issuance of the Golden yuan, the government used executive actions to force the public to exchange gold, foreign currency for the new currency. The legal exchange rate was 0.22217 grams of gold per gold yuan but it could not be honored. The sharply depreciating Fabi currency was at the rate of one golden yuan of the yen to Fabi $3 million, and this rate was used for the compulsory collection of public gold, silver, and foreign currency. In particular, the economic losses suffered by the urban middle class were so great that the ROC government lost its original most important supporters and was one of the reasons why the ROC government failed so quickly in the Chinese Civil War.
After the failure of the issuance of the Golden Yuan, the government of the Republic of China immediately issued Silver Yuan, but it was soon rejected in circulation, and the Chinese golden yuan was recalled by Central People's Government with the RMB; the people's government announced from June 1949 to stop the circulation of the Golden Yuan, and its replacement for the modern-day yuan at a rate of 100,000 yuan to 1 yuan.
Issue background
The purpose of the issuance of a new currency was to replace the original hyperinflated Fabi currency that was issued by the national government since 1935. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Fabi currency was issued in large quantities due to increased fiscal expenditure. After the war, the number of Fabi currency issued by the National Government to pay for the huge military costs of the war against the Communists increased rapidly from $556.9 billion at the time of the victory of the war to $604 trillion in August 1948, an increase of over a thousand times in less than three years.
In terms of the size of the currency supply, it consisted of $1.4 billion before the war. In early 1947, Fabi currency issues totaled 3.5 trillion, rising to over 10 trillion by July. With no real increase in government inventories gold, foreign currency, such huge issuances led to the extreme inflation. In the beginning, some paper mills were profiting from the use of low-denomination Fabi currency resource recovery as raw material for paper making. Song Ziwen, when he was in Executive charge of the Yuan, tried to stabilize the Fabi currency with a financial policy of selling inventory gold to buy back the Fabi currency. But it was fruitless because the Fabi currency kept being issued massively, so it couldn't be fully backed by gold.
After the constitutional election in May 1948, Weng Wen-ho became Executive Yuan Head and Wang Yun-five was appointed Minister of Finance and began planning for monetary reform. At the same time, Chiang arranged for Yu Hongjun, former Minister of Finance and former president of the Central Bank, to also draw up a proposal for currency reform. The drafting team, led by central bank experts organized by Yu Hongjun, believes that the Fabi currency can be maintained for some time without fundamental reform, and will collapse faster if fundamental reform is carried out.
The program elaborated by Yu's team focused mainly on the increase and improvement of fiscal revenues, proposing to use this special currency for all tax payments and foreign trade remittances without depreciating along with the Fabi currency, following the example of the 1937 tariffs levied by customs, which would increase the proportion of fiscal revenues to fiscal expenditures from more than 10 to 40 or 50 percent. The government's efforts to improve the economy and the economy of the country were not satisfactory, but Chiang was not satisfied with this and thought that it could not collect the country's gold, silver, and private foreign exchange reserves to cope with the difficult situation. At the meeting, Executive Yuan President Weng Wenhao, Foreign Minister -{Wang Shijie}- and Central Bank President Yu Hongjun agreed.
In addition to the attendees, Chiang only approached Zhang Jiajiajie, the former general manager of Bank of China, who had just resigned as president of the Central Bank, and Weng Wenhao, who informed U.S. Ambassador to China Stu Redden a few days before the reform was to take place.
Later Issue
On August 19, 1948, the Chinese Kuomintang convened a Central Political Conference to approve the currency reform proposal put forward by Weng Wenho, Wang Yunwu. Weng Wen-hao held a meeting of the Executive Council that afternoon to discuss and approve the currency reform proposal. According to the Temporary Provisions against the Communist Rebellion adopted by the First Session of the First National Assembly, Chiang issued a "Financial and Economic Emergency Disposition Order" on August 19, issuing Golden Yuan Bills while stopping the issuance of Fabi; and placing economic control supervisors. Chiang made a speech calling on his compatriots to follow the decree and embrace the new currency system for the benefit of the nation. It also announced the "Golden Yuan Issuance Law", the main contents of which are.
At the same time, Chiang sent economic supervisors to the major cities to oversee the issuance of golden yuan. Among them, Shanghai, as the nation's financial hub, was Chiang Ching-kuo as deputy supervisor (took office on August 23, and left on November 6), and the current supervisor was Central Bank President Yu Hongjun, who had actual control over Shanghai's economic situation.
On November 16, 1948, the president of the Central Bank, Yu Hongjun, reported to Chiang Kai-shek the results of the redemption of 1,663,000 taels of gold, 8,937,000 yuan of silver (i.e. silver ingots), 2,438,000 yuan of silver, 4,775,000 yuan of U.S. banknotes, and 8,735,000 yuan of Hong Kong dollars, making a total of US$190 million.
According to the Measures for the Administration of Foreign Exchange Registration of the People of the Republic of China, foreign exchange assets of the people (including natural persons, legal persons, and other associations) deposited abroad shall be declared and registered with the Central Bank or other designated banks before 1 December. The Shanghai Banking Association agreed to raise the full $10 million in accordance with the strengths of each. On 6 September 1948, at the Prime Minister's Memorial Week held at the Central Party Department of the Kuomintang, Chiang Chung-cheng rebuked these leading figures of commercial banks in Shanghai for not complying with the decree to register all their foreign exchange assets (estimated at US$300 million) with the Central Bank, and for wanting to raise US$10 million as a perfunctory measure, and still, as in the past 20 or 30 years, they only loved money, knew only themselves, did not know the people's livelihood, flouted the decree and disregarded the righteousness of the people. According to a report published in the Grand Gazette on 16 August 1948, comparing the pre-war living index, food prices rose 3.9 million times in the first half of August, housing prices rose 770,000 times, clothing prices rose 6.52 million times, and the newspaper that day circled a text message in the form of a lacy news item: "Big pie doughnuts, 100,000 yuan each."
At the same time, the government of the Republic of China tried to freeze prices by decree, forcing merchants to supply goods at pre-August 19 prices and prohibiting price hikes or hoarding. And the capitalists were forced, though unwillingly, to convert some of their assets into gold notes under pressure from the government. In Shanghai, Chiang Ching-kuo imprisoned some capitalists who did not follow political orders and shot them to death as a warning to others. And Du Yueh-Sheng's son Du Weiping was also imprisoned for hoarding. Chiang Ching-kuo's severe "tiger hunting" in Shanghai had slightly gained the people's confidence in the Golden Round.
Collapse
With the loss of the Civil War, the Golden yuan collapsed at an extremely rapid rate, and events changed almost in days to the end of the market prices even increased several times a day, the currency almost became scrap paper but bartered for supplies.
The Golden yuan had no cash provision and no restrictions on issuance, resulting in a total failure. The failure of the Golden yuan was doomed in the first place. Since the total amount of Fabi currency issued at the time of its withdrawal from circulation was 663 trillion yuan, the total amount of Fabi currency issued was only 200 million yuan in gold notes with 3 million yuan of Fabi currency combined with 1 yuan of gold notes. The gold notes were set to be issued at the beginning of 2 billion yuan, which is equivalent to creating an inflation equivalent to 10 times the final Fabi currency at once.
Military, Political, Economic and Diplomatic were reversed, and in April and May 1949, Nanjing and Shanghai were successively overrun by the Chinese People's Liberation Army, and Communist Party announced the cessation of the circulation of gold vouchers from June. The R.O.C. government has continued to issue Golden Yuan notes after moving to Guangzhou, and Xinjiang and other regions have continued to issue them, but their value is close to that of waste paper, for example, Xinjiang banks have issued single high-denomination notes of $6 billion.
Denominations
In 1946, the Republic of China government experimentally commissioned the British Thomas de Narro Banknote Printing Company to print 10 cents (10 cents) and 20 cents (20 cents) in two small denominations, and in August 1948, five types of banknotes - 50 cents, 10 cents, 20 cents, 50 cents and 100 cents - were issued. The ROC Central Printing Office printed 50-cent and 10-yuan notes, while the Central Printing Office and China Book Office were ordered to issue two plates of each denomination, and the ROC government commissioned the British Walt's Road Company to print several gold circulars, but they were issued in very small numbers and circulated only in Shanghai; In January 1949, 100-yuan Central Printing Office red plate notes and 500-yuan notes were issued, and in February the production and issuance of 1,000-yuan notes began gradually; in March 1949, 5,000-yuan notes were issued, followed by 10,000-yuan notes; in April, 50,000-yuan notes and 100,000-yuan notes; in May, 500,000-dollar notes and 1 million-dollar notes were issued, but the Shanghai was immediately occupied by the PLA and was not issued.
Impact
The rapid devaluation of the Gold yuan and the resulting hyperinflation stem from the government's fiscal and monetary policies. The Republic of China's government continued to maintain the war despite the financial constraints. The government deficit is paid for by printing money, causing sharp inflation. The government, unable to control the issuance of a common currency on its own, merely tries to maintain prices and currency values by executive orders that violate the laws of the market, eventually causing financial chaos and market collapse.
The people most affected by the Gold yuan crisis were the lower middle class in the city. They had no greater capital and resources to protect what little they had, nor were they as unproductive as the rural peasants or proletariat. In the early days of the issuance of the Gold yuan, or when forced, or out of trust in the government, to exchange the accumulated property for the Gold yuan, the greatest losses were suffered in the hyperinflation, and some people became destitute as a result. The Republic of China's government, despite the hundreds of millions of dollars of gold and silver foreign exchange seized from the people through the issuance of the Golde Yuan notes, lost the trust and support of the most inclined class in the country: the urban people.
In 1948, the Nationalist Government had already suffered a series of military defeats, and the Gold Yuan storm had deprived the ROC government of all its remaining popular support and morale. Currency abuse was one of the reasons for the rapid collapse of the entire national government regime on the continent.
The Golden Yuan and Taiwan
At that time, the Taiwan Provincial Government was ordered to transfer Taiwan Sugar's total assets of 120 million U.S. dollars to the custodianship method under the Golden Yuan issue, and Taiwan Paper's total assets of 25 million U.S. dollars to 8 million U.S. dollars, thus further drawing Taiwan into the deteriorating economic situation of Mainland China. And at that time, the exchange of the Golden Yuan for Taiwan Dollar $1,835 was also significantly overestimated, and the inflow of mainland China into Taiwan hedging brought Taiwan under severe vicious inflationary pressure and worsened the economic situation In June 1949, Taiwan reformed its monetary system and issued New Taiwan Dollar.
See also
Inflation
Hyperinflation
References
Currency
Modern obsolete currencies
İnceğiz, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Rodman Cove is a cove south of Cape Lindsey on the west coast of Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It was named for Benjamin Rodman of New Bedford, Massachusetts, owner of whaling ships operating from that port in the 1820s and 1830s. The name was suggested by American geographer Lawrence Martin and has appeared in descriptions and charts of Elephant Island since about 1943.
References
Coves of the South Shetland Islands
Elephant Island
Miss Universe 2022 will be the 71st Miss Universe pageant, to be held at the New Orleans Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana in the United States on January 14, 2023. Harnaaz Sandhu of India will crown her successor at the end of the event.
Background
Location and date
In September 2022, Puerto Rican newspaper El Vocero reported that an email had been sent to national directors stating that the 2022 edition of Miss Universe would be held in the first quarter of 2023, due to the potential clash of dates with the 2022 FIFA World Cup in November and December 2022. El Vocero also reported that Los Angeles, Miami, and New Orleans in the United States and Nha Trang in Vietnam were seen as potential host cities.
Later in September, Miss Universe Organization (MUO) president Paula Shugart stated in an interview with ABS-CBN News and Current Affairs that the pageant would be held in January 2023, confirming that the reason for the postponement was to avoid a potential conflict with 2022 FIFA World Cup. Shugart additionally confirmed that the host city would likely be announced during the next week. On September 19, the MUO announced that the pageant would be held on January 14, 2023 at the New Orleans Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. This will be the fourth time in the pageant's history that the event is held after the calendar year has ended; this previously occurred during Miss Universe 2014, Miss Universe 2016, and Miss Universe 2020 when took place the following year.
Selection of participants
Contestants from 73 countries and territories have been selected to compete in the competition. Thirteen of these delegates were appointed to their positions after being a runner-up of their national pageant or being selected through a casting process.
The 2022 edition will see the debut of Bhutan, and the return of Angola, Belize, Guam, Indonesia, Iraq, Lebanon, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Saint Lucia, Seychelles, Switzerland, Trinidad and Tobago and Uruguay. Seychelles previously competed in 1995, making this edition its first time competing after an absence of 27 years. Iraq and Trinidad and Tobago last competed in 2017, Switzerland, Lebanon and Kyrgyzstan last competed in 2018, Angola, Guam, Mongolia and Saint Lucia last competed in 2019, while the others last competed in 2020. Romania will withdraw from the competition for undisclosed reasons.
Contestants
As of 1 October 2022, 73 contestants have been confirmed:
Upcoming pageants
Notes
References
External links
2022
Universe
Universe
Chandra Mauli Upadhyay is an Indian astrologer.
Chandra Mauli Upadhyay is an avid scholar of Indian astrology. Born in the year 1955 in the holy Varanasi city of Uttar Pradesh, India. Upadhyay is Head of the Department of Astrology center at Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi. He is a Ph.D holder in astrology from Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi and teaches Jyotish (astrology) in SVDV, BHU as Professor. Shri Upadhyay has been teaching the science of astrology since 1989. He started learning the knowledge of astrology since his childhood under the guidance of his father and legendary astrologer Pandit Prof. Rajmohan Upadhyay, former dean of Jyotish Department, Banaras Hindu University and Chief Editor of Vishwa Panchangam. Chandra Mauli Upadhyay has been honoured by Shri Kashi Vishwanath Mandir Trust for extraordinary contribution in the field of astrology and also by many other societies and organizations like Ganga Seva Nidhi, Rotary Club etc. for the special contribution in the field of astrology and education.
Apart from being an educationist with innovative ideas, Upadhyay is associated with institutions such as Sri Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi (One of the Twelve Jyotirlingas) as Trustee. He is also the Trustee of one of the oldest temple of India, Mundeshwari Devi Temple in Bihar, India.
Positions held
Head of the Department Jyotish, Banaras Hindu University
Professor, Banaras Hindu University
Trustee, Shri Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi
Founder Member, Saarvbhaum Pandit Mahasabha, Varanasi
Treasurer, Jyotish Vigyan Samiti, Varanasi
Executive Manager, Shri Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Banaras Hindu University Varanasi
Trustee of Mundeshwari Temple in Bihar
Member of Academic council Jammu Central University
Publications
Books
Daivajnabharnam
Vastuprabandha
Sarvijaytantram
Samudrik Jyotish
Kuja Dosha Parihar
Gol Vimarsha
Prashna Vimarsha
References
External links
Times of India
Times of India
Living people
Indian astrologers
1955 births
20th-century astrologers
21st-century astrologers
West Memphis Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of West Memphis, in Crittenden County, Arkansas, United States. The airport is southwest of General DeWitt Spain Airport in Memphis, Tennessee.
According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2007–2011, West Memphis Municipal Airport is categorized as a reliever airport.
Facilities and aircraft
West Memphis Municipal Airport covers an area of which contains one concrete paved runway (17/35) measuring 6,003 x 100 ft (1,830 x 30 m). For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2006, the airport had 75,000 aircraft operations, an average of 205 per day:
99.7% general aviation and 0.3% military. There are 124 aircraft based at this airport: 82% single-engine, 17% multi-engine and 1% helicopter.
References
External links
Airports in Arkansas
Transportation in Crittenden County, Arkansas
Buildings and structures in West Memphis, Arkansas
José Rodolfo Devers (born December 7, 1999) is a Dominican professional baseball shortstop for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Career
New York Yankees
Devers was signed as an international free agent by the New York Yankees in 2016. He made his professional debut in 2017, playing for both the Dominican Summer League Yankees and the Gulf Coast League Yankees, posting a combined .245 batting average with one home run, 16 RBIs and 16 stolen bases in 53 games between both teams.
Miami Marlins
On December 11, 2017, Devers was traded to the Miami Marlins (along with Starlin Castro and Jorge Guzmán) in exchange for outfielder Giancarlo Stanton and cash considerations. He spent 2018 with the Greensboro Grasshoppers, batting .273 with 24 RBIs in 85 games. He also played in two games for the Jupiter Hammerheads during the season. Devers returned to Jupiter to begin 2019, but missed time due to injury; over 33 games, he batted .325. He was selected to play in the Arizona Fall League for the Salt River Rafters following the season.
On November 20, 2020, Devers was added to the 40-man roster. On April 22, 2021, Devers was promoted to the major leagues for the first time. He made his MLB debut on April 24 against the San Francisco Giants as the starting second baseman.
On June 14, Devers was placed on the injured list with a right shoulder impingement. He was transferred to the 60-day injured list on July 20. On August 11, Devers underwent season-ending surgery to repair a labrum tear in his right shoulder.
Personal life
Devers' cousin, Rafael Devers, reached MLB with the Boston Red Sox in 2017. In May 2021 the Marlins visited the Red Sox at Fenway Park for a three game series. In this series Jose played against Rafael, and the two exchanged interactions throughout the series.
External links
External links
Living people
1999 births
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Major League Baseball infielders
Miami Marlins players
Dominican Summer League Yankees players
Gulf Coast Yankees players
Greensboro Grasshoppers players
Jupiter Hammerheads players
Gulf Coast Marlins players
Clinton LumberKings players
Salt River Rafters players
Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp players
The Škoda 19 T is a five carbody section low-floor bi-directional tram, developed by Škoda Transportation for Wrocław.
The tram is not different from currently used Škoda 16 T trams, except for the fact that it has two driver's cabins and doors on both sides of the tram. It also features more CCTV, place for bicycles and baggage in the centre section, and the seats in the end sections are located in the driving direction, not sideways as the predecessor's. The tram type exclusively serves Wrocław 's 31, 32 and 33 lines (Tramwaj Plus). The vehicle is designed by Porsche Design Group. The low-floor area represents 65% of the entire vehicle floor. The tram is air-conditioned.
Production
As of 2010, there are going to be 31 trams produced and delivered Wrocław.
The first vehicle was delivered in December 2010 and all of them were in Wrocław by the end of 2011.
Tramwaj Plus
The Tramwaj Plus is a special tram line project which includes the use of Škoda 19 T. The vehicles moving along the designated tracks of the line will always have the green light on intersections. The line terminates at the Euro 2012 Stadium in Wrocław.
There were stewardesses in the tram during the UEFA Euro 2012 Championships, who were instated to assist tourists and fans. There is a seat marked '"i"' designated for a stewardess in each tram.
References
External links
News on Škoda webpages
Pictures of first manufactured 19T in a Polish online newspaper
Tram vehicles of Poland
Škoda trams
de:Škoda Elektra#19T Zweirichtungsversion für Breslau
Craig Porteils was an Australian music producer, mixer, audio engineer, composer, songwriter, and guitarist based in Sydney.
Biography
Career
Porteils began his career in the decade of the 1980s, as the guitarist of his own band. However, Porteils excelled in behind-the-scenes production and started producing music in continuation. From 1989 to 1996, Porteils was based out of Los Angeles where he experienced great success writing for huge artists such as Cher, having helped produce her 3× platinum album Heart of Stone which peaked at number 10 on the US Billboard 200, by contributing to the song "If I Could Turn Back Time", which went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. He also has produced Billy Idol's top 10 hit "Cradle of Love" from the album Charmed Life, Tevin Campbell's top 10 hit Back to the World, Guns N' Roses' number 1 hit "Knockin' on Heaven's Door", Terence Trent D'arby's Symphony or Damn, Rod Stewart's "Rhythm of My Heart", Ozzy Osbourne's No More Tears, and Richie Sambora's "One Light Burning".
Porteils has been the production manager and composer of many American film scores and soundtracks, such as Parenthood, directed by Ron Howard and starring Steve Martin, Frankie and Johnny, starring Al Pacino, Three of Hearts, Johnny Handsome, starring Micky Rourke, and Cry-Baby, starring Johnny Depp.,
In 1996, Porteils returned to Australia to work in the music industry of his native country. He has participated in the production of the popular show Australian Idol and produced albums for Shannon Noll and Guy Sebastian. He has produced for many winners of the show in studio. Some of his Australian collaborations include Diesel, Cactus Child, Wendy Matthews, Shortstack, David Campbell, Deni Hines, Ultimo, Damien Lieth, Young Divas, Joel Turner, Michala Banas, The Noll Brothers, The Jefferson and Human Nature.
Eurovision Song Contest 2009
On 10 February 2009, it was revealed by the Greek networks Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi (ERT) and MAD TV (Greece) that Porteilis along with Greek-Australian songwriter and record executive Cameron Giles-Webb had written the lyrics to two songs called "Right on Time" and "This is Our Night" for Greek superstar Sakis Rouvas as two of three potential candidates that competed in the Greek National Final where both the public and a professional jury voted on 18 February to select Rouvas' entry to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow.
Porteils and Giles-Webb were competing against an up-and-coming Greek lyricist Alexandra Zakka, whose first works as a songwriter was her collaboration for the Eurovision. All three songs had been produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos, as had been previously confirmed by ERT, while the names of the lyricists and the song titles as well as vague descriptions of the genres of the songs were revealed on 10 February. Originally, the songs were to be presented at a press conference on ERT at the Hilton Hotel on 11 February, however, small pieces of information were given out the day before, while the official press conference where the songs will be presented for the first time will take place on 12 February. On 18 February 2009, Rouvas will perform all three songs in the National Final, with full choreography by Fokas Evangelinos. The selected entry will represent Greece in the Eurovision.
The song "Right on Time" was described as a dynamic, mid-tempo song, while "This Is Our Night" was characterized as an imposing dance song.
Portiels died on the 30th of April, 2022 from cancer.
References
External links
Eurovision ERT Official site
People from Sydney
Australian people of Greek descent
Australian rock guitarists
Australian songwriters
Australian record producers
Greek songwriters
Greek rock guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Kazanlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 59 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Nicole Bradtke (née Provis) (born 22 September 1969) is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.
Bradtke won three singles and nine doubles titles on the WTA Tour. She reached the semifinals of the 1988 French Open, and won a bronze medal in doubles at the 1992 Summer Olympics, partnering Rachel McQuillan. In mixed doubles, she reached four Grand Slam finals, winning two of those partnering Mark Woodforde. Bradtke reached career-high rankings of No. 24 in singles and No. 11 in doubles. She retired from professional tennis in 1997 after a shoulder injury.
Professional career
The young Nicole Provis (Bradtke) started playing tennis at the age of seven. Whilst still at school, she played her first professional tennis match in 1985, and made her debut at the Australian Open later that year. She found early success in mixed doubles, finishing runner-up at the 1987 Wimbledon Championships with Darren Cahill.
Bradtke burst into prominence in 1988, when she made the semifinals of the French Open as a relative unknown. She beat Sybille Niox-Château, Emmanuelle Derly before defeating two seeded players, Claudia Kohde-Kilsch and Sylvia Hanika, as well as Arantxa Sánchez Vicario (who had earlier beaten Chris Evert) before losing to Natasha Zvereva, despite holding two match points.
In early 1989, she reached the top 30, but failed to fulfill her early promise and quickly settled into the lower top 100 range, despite making further fourth rounds at the 1989 Australian Open and the 1990 French Open and winning her first title at home in Brisbane in 1992.
She then went on to great success in mixed doubles, winning both the 1992 Australian Open and the 1992 US Open with her partner, Mark Woodforde; and women's doubles, earning a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
She enjoyed a minor resurgence in singles in 1993, winning her second tour title in Kuala Lumpur and reaching the fourth round of the Australian Open. She also earned her biggest career victory during that year, beating world No. 1 Steffi Graf in a Fed Cup tie. Bradtke later helped Australia to reach the final, where they lost to the Spanish team.
After playing only eight events in 1994, she dropped out of the top 100, before recovering in 1995, earning another big victory over Gabriela Sabatini at the tournament in Berlin and returning to the top 40 in the world.
Bradtke retired after the 1997 Australian Open.
Personal life
She is married to Mark Bradtke, a former Australian professional basketball player, since 1994. Together they have two boys, Austin (born 2000) and Jensen (born 2004), and run an indoor sports centre in Melbourne. She previously served as a coach for the Australian Fed Cup team, as well as undertaking private coaching. She has worked with fellow Australians Samantha Stosur and Alicia Molik. In 2007, she joined the National High Performance Academy team.
Her sister Natasha is married to Todd Woodbridge, making him her brother-in-law.
Her eldest son Austin was selected by the Melbourne Football Club as a category B rookie and will join the club from 2019.
Grand Slam finals
Mixed doubles: 4 (2 titles, 2 runners-up)
WTA career finals
Singles (3–1)
Doubles (9–4)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles (4–0)
Doubles (0–1)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Australian Open (tennis) champions
Hopman Cup competitors
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic tennis players of Australia
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Tennis players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in tennis
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in mixed doubles
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' doubles
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Tennis players from Melbourne
Tennis players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Australian Open (tennis) junior champions
Masirpur is a village in Jaisinghpur block of Sultanpur district, Uttar Pradesh, India. As of 2011, it has a population of 967 people, in 163 households. It has no schools and no healthcare facilities. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Jaisinghpur.
The 1951 census recorded Masirpur as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 349 people (185 male and 164 female), in 72 households and 69 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 346 acres. 41 residents were literate, 38 male and 3 female. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Baraunsa and the thana of Jaisinghpur.
The 1961 census recorded Masirpur as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 388 people (197 male and 191 female), in 77 households and 75 physical houses.. The area of the village was given as 347 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Masirpur as having a population of 484 people, in 89 households, and having an area of 138.81 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice.
The 1991 census recorded Masirpur as having a total population of 698 people (353 male and 345 female), in 123 households and 120 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 138.81 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 121, or 17% of the total; this group was 48% male (58) and 52% female (63). Members of scheduled castes numbered 120, or 17% of the village's total population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 53% (199 men and 109 women, counting only people age 7 and up). 211 people were classified as main workers (180 men and 31 women), while 13 people were classified as marginal workers (all women); the remaining 474 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 166 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 22 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 0 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 2 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 5 employed in trade and commerce; 1 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 15 in other services.
References
Villages in Sultanpur district
The Columbus Open, also known as the Buckeye Tennis Championships or Buckeye Open, is a defunct affiliated men's tennis tournament played from 1970 to 1984 in Columbus, Ohio in the United States. The inaugural edition in 1970 was an invitational tournament with eight top independent professional players. It was played on synthetic hard court at the newly created 3,200-seat stadium at the Buckeye Boys Ranch in Grove City, a suburb of Columbus. From 1971 until 1984 the tournament was part of the Grand Prix circuit. The tournament was played on outdoor clay courts from 1971 to 1979, and then played on outdoor hard courts from 1980 to 1984.
Brian Teacher was the most successful player at the tournament, winning the singles competition twice and the doubles competition three times with three different partners; once with American William Brown, once with American Bruce Manson and once with American Scott Davis.
Finals
Singles
Doubles
See also
Virginia Slims of Columbus – women's tournament
Columbus Challenger – men's challenger tournament
Notes
References
External links
ATP results archive
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Clay court tennis tournaments
Defunct tennis tournaments in the United States
Grand Prix tennis circuit
The Hoffmantown Baptist Church, at 2335 Wyoming Blvd. NE, in a suburban area in Albuquerque, New Mexico, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2019.
History
The Hoffmantown Baptist Church was established in 1953, and in that year built a one-story brick chapel. The church grew quickly, and built an addition in 1954, a fellowship hall in 1956; and an educational building in 1959.
It commissioned Kruger, Lake and Henderson architects in 1965 to design a larger sanctuary that could accommodate 800 persons. This is the building that is now listed on the National Register. The main building on the site was built in 1965, with New Formalist style, and is roughly three stories tall. Its north-facing main facade, on Phoenix Avenue, has six colossal tapered pilasters. The five bays of the facade are covered with a veneer of small blue tiles, and include vertically staggered windows. The longer east facade, along Wyoming Avenue, has a similar pattern of windows and one-story pilasters which support a reinforced concrete brise soleil. The east side also has an open-frame bell tower which was built in three stages.
The Hoffmantown Baptist Church kept growing, and began a television ministry in 1972 which continues, in 2019, to broadcast throughout New Mexico. During the early 1980s, membership grew to 2,200, and a capital campaign raised funds to build a new, larger church at Ventura and Harper Streets. This was built in 1986–87.
Separately, another Albuquerque church, God's House Church, originally named The House of God, was growing. It was founded in 1916, and built a new church on Arno Street in 1959. God's House Church purchased the entire Wyoming Blvd. campus of the Hoffmantown Baptist Church, and in 1997 opened at this location with 900 members.
The larger campus including the church also has four one- and-two-story plain brick buildings, which are the earlier buildings of the Hoffman Baptist Church built between 1953 and 1968. These are not included in the listing.
References
External links
Hoffmantown Church: Our History
Welcome to God's House Church
Baptist churches in New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Modernist architecture in New Mexico
Churches in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties
Falcon 9 booster B1050 was a reusable first-stage booster for the orbital-class Falcon 9 vehicle manufactured by SpaceX. It launched on December 5, 2018. A grid fin malfunction occurred shortly after the entry burn, resulting in the booster performing a controlled landing in the ocean.
It is likely that the booster was retired permanently, as of 2022 no future flights for B1050 have been confirmed.
Flight
B1050 became the fifth Falcon 9 Block 5 booster to enter service when it launched the SpaceX CRS-16 mission to the International Space Station. It was expected to fly on December 4, but was delayed one day due to moldy rodent food for one of the experiments on Dragon. B1050 successfully launched on December 5, separating from the upper stage and Dragon approximately two minutes after liftoff. The vehicle performed boostback and entry burns to guide itself toward a propulsive landing on LZ-1. However, the grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, rendering the fins inoperable. This resulted in a loss of control, and video footage showed the booster rolling. During descent, the Falcon 9 initially aims its trajectory to miss its landing target in case of a failure, and it only steers to the target if all systems are functioning normally. Due to the grid fin failure, the booster did not divert towards LZ-1 and performed its landing burn over the ocean. Remarkably, the booster was able to achieve an intact landing in the water, and it tipped over shortly after splashdown. The booster continued to transmit data for hours after landing, and recovery boats were sent to retrieve it.
Recovery and possible reuse
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said shortly after the water landing that the booster could be reused for future internal SpaceX launches. Subsequent photos taken of the booster revealed severe damage to the interstage section, raising questions as to whether it could be refurbished.
Divers from Logan Diving and Salvage secured a tow line to the booster on December 6. One landing leg was removed at sea and recovered by the support vessel. The grid fins and remaining landing legs were tethered to airbags prior to towing. B1050 was towed engines-first into Port Canaveral on December 7, 2018, and raised out of the water horizontally.
The landing legs were removed from the booster December 8–11, followed by removal of the grid fins later on December 11.
Disruption to the SpaceX manifest
B1050 was initially scheduled to launch the Canadian RADARSAT mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in February 2019. However, due to the damage from its water landing, B1050 was unable to support the mission. The RADARSAT mission was delayed until June 2019, when B1051 successfully launched the constellation.
Flight history
Future launches
No future flights for B1050 have been confirmed, and it is likely that the booster will be retired permanently.
See also
List of Falcon 9 first-stage boosters
References
Individual Falcon 9 boosters
The late Middle Jurassic lagerstätte at La Voulte-sur-Rhône, in the Ardèche region of southwestern France, offers paleontologists an outstanding view of an undisturbed paleoecosystem that was preserved in fine detail as organisms died at the site and settled to the bottom of a shallow epicontinental sea, with a folded floor that in places exceeded 200 m at this site. The site preserves a marine system of the Lower Callovian stage, a little over 160 mya. The sequence is exposed in a series of quarries at La Boissine, west of the village of La Voulte-sur-Rhône. Iron pyrites in the silty shale are symptoms of an anoxic environment. The site was recognized among French paleontologists from the mid-nineteenth century for its finely detailed fossils.
Preservation
Some soft parts of organisms are preserved as phosphatised concretions, in exceptional cases down to cellular details, e.g. retinal structures in the eyes of conchyliocarid crustacea. Apart
from Beecher's Trilobite Bed and the Hunsrück Slate, La Voulte-sur-Rhône is the only other locality where extensive pyritization of soft parts occurs.
However, pyritisation is not the only preservation pathway; several stages of mineralization (originally phosphate followed by calcite or gypsum, then pyrite and finally galena) are seen, each successive mineralization event degrades the detail preserved, with only gross morphological features preserved in the most advanced stages.
Fauna and flora
The fauna preserved can be broadly divided into the allochthonous fauna (consisting of soft-bodied organisms which lived on the sea floor (benthic) or swam freely just above it (nektobenthic)) and the in-situ mortality horizon.
The allochthonous fauna contains rare and well-preserved organisms. Fossils of pycnogonids ("sea-spiders"), the first find in Mesozoic strata in an admittedly very patchy fossil record, were identified in 2007.
A coleoid cephalopod (a single specimen of a small octopus) was described from La Voulte-sur-Rhône in 1982. The marine crocodile Metriorhynchus, fish, decapod, mysid and thylacocephalan crustaceans, crinoids, ophiuroids (most commonly Ophiopinna elegans) are also to be found.
The in situ mortality horizon consists of abundant pavements of the bivalve Bositra buchi and trace fossils of suspected worm burrows.
Two specimens of plants suggest that a shoreline was not far distant, represented today by France's Massif Central.
References
Jurassic System of Europe
Callovian Stage
Lagerstätten
Paleontology in France
The Lachman Crags () form an escarpment which extends in a north–south direction for about , its high point rising to , standing south-southwest of Cape Lachman on James Ross Island, Antarctica. Berry Hill lies between the crags and the cape. It was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1945, and named after Cape Lachman.
References
Escarpments of Antarctica
Landforms of Graham Land
Landforms of James Ross Island
Carbon nanotube springs are springs made of carbon nanotubes (CNTs). They are an alternate form of high density, lightweight, reversible energy storage based on the elastic deformations of CNTs. Many previous studies on the mechanical properties of CNTs have revealed that they possess high stiffness, strength and flexibility. The Young's modulus of CNTs is 1 TPa and they have the ability to sustain reversible tensile strains of 6% and the mechanical springs based on these structures are likely to surpass the current energy storage capabilities of existing steel springs and provide a viable alternative to electrochemical batteries. The obtainable energy density is predicted to be the highest under tensile loading, with an energy density in the springs themselves about 2500 times greater than the energy density that can be reached in steel springs, and 10 times greater than the energy density of lithium-ion batteries.
The process of elastic energy storage in a CNT involves deforming it under an applied load. On removal of the applied load the energy released from the CNT can be used to perform mechanical work. A CNT has the ability to deform reversibly and a spring made from it can undergo repeated charge-discharge cycles without fatigue.
A CNT spring can store elastic strain energy with a density several orders of magnitude higher than conventional springs made of steel. Strain energy density in a material is proportional to the product of its Young's modulus and the square of the applied strain.
When multi-walled nanotubes (MWCNTs) are loaded, the majority of the applied load is borne by the outer shell. Owing to this limited load transfer between the different layers of MWCNTs, single walled nanotubes (SWCNTs) are more useful structural materials for springs.
Energy storage in CNT springs
Springs for energy storage can be made of SWCNTs or MWCNTs arranged in dense bundles of long, aligned tubes called "forests" of CNTs that are grown by chemical vapor deposition (CVD). The "forests" can grow to heights of up to 6 millimeters. A deformed CNT requires a support structure to carry the load of the spring prior to discharge. A mechanical spring must be coupled to external mechanisms to build a power source that is functionally useful. On its own a spring stores potential energy when an external force is applied to it, but releases the energy in a single rapid burst once the force is removed. An effective power source needs to store energy over a period of time, release the energy only when needed and discharge the energy at a desired power level. A CNT based portable power source should have a basic architecture made of four main components, namely a CNT spring, a supporting structure for the spring, a generator-motor combination, and a coupling mechanism between the spring and the generator.
For CNTs arranged in groups/bundles called "forests" as described earlier, efficient packing and good alignment in necessary between the tubes to achieve a high energy density. Good load transfer and effective attachment techniques are required so that the shells can be loaded to near their elastic limit.
Choosing the appropriate deformation mode consisting of any amongst axial tension, axial compression, torsion or bending or a combination of any of them. A criterion for choosing a deformation mode is not only the highest energy density, but also the proper integration of the deformed spring with the rest of the power dissipation mechanism.
A support structure is required to hold the CNT spring in the fully loaded configuration prior to its release. The design of the support structure will depend on the scale of the spring, the deformation mode the CNT is being subjected to and the architecture of the rest of the system. The material selected for the structure should have high strength, because the added mass and volume of the support contribute to reducing the energy density of the entire system.
Energy storage calculations
Axial tension
Analysis is performed on CNTs subject to tensile loads. A hollow cylindrical structure of CNT of length L, diameter d and mean radius r is considered. The tube has thickness n.h, where n is the number of layers in the CNT and h=0.34 nm is the thickness of one shell. The Young's modulus of the material of the CNT is E. In case of SWCNTs, n=1 and n>1 in case of MWCNTs. The cylinder has inner and outer radii of
and
.
The shell's cross-sectional area is
and the total enclosed area is
.
The strain energy that can be stored in the bar under axial compression to a strain of is
) =
The strain energy density is simply the ratio of the strain energy and the enclosed volume. Therefore, in order for the strain energy density to be high the value of should be large. So, a spring in axial tension should consist of either SWCNTs with small diameters or uniformly loaded MWCNTs with densely packed shells to maximize .
The CNTs are arranged in groupings, generally bundles. The strain energy density must be reduced by a fill factor k to account for the spacing between the individual CNTs.
Consider the cross-section of a bundle of closely packed SWCNTs of radius r, arranged into a two-dimensional triangular lattice with a lattice constant of 2r+h. Ideal packing is assumed with a spacing of h=0.34 nm which is taken equal to the graphitic spacing. When the CNTs are arranged in a bundle the best packing fraction is produced when they are packed in a hexagonal closed packed structure.
Consider a cross-section of one bundle. A hexagonal shape will be observed. The hexagonal shape with an area of is taken to be the repeating geometrical unit in the bundle. Calculations can be performed to show that fill factor k = 91%. In reality, there may not be ideal packing within a bundle, as the actual fraction k may be lower than the value calculated.
The expression of strain energy shows that it is advantageous to apply a high tensile strain to the springs to maximize energy storage since strain energy is proportional to square of the strain.
Axial compression
Analysis is performed on CNTs subject to compressive loads. The CNT is assumed to be a hollow cylindrical beam of length L, Young's modulus E, and thickness n.h, where n is the number of layers and h=0.34 nm is the thickness of one shell (taken equal to the separation between graphene sheets in graphite). The continuous tube has a mean radius r and diameter d. The cylinder has inner and outer radii of
and
.
The shell's cross-sectional area is
and the total enclosed area is
.
The strain energy that can be stored in the bar under axial compression to a strain of is
) =
The strain energy density is just the strain energy divided by the enclosed volume.
High energy densities are achieved with a high ratio. Therefore, in order for CNT springs to achieve a high energy density either SWCNTs with small diameters or MWCNTs with densely packed shells should be used.
Support structure
The purpose of using a support structure is to be able to store energy before it is released for use. The support structure should be strong enough to support the applied load (used to compress the CNTs) without reaching failure itself. Another point of consideration is that the energy density of the combined spring and supporting structure is always lower than the energy density of the spring alone.
Energy density comparison
A CNT spring made of bundles of densely packed 1 nm diameter SWCNTs stretched to a 10% strain is predicted to have an energy density of 3.4 kJ/m3. The energy density of CNT springs loaded in tension is higher than the energy density of CNT springs loaded in compression. Whereas the current maximum energy density of a carbon-steel watch spring is reported to be between 1080 kJ/m3 and 3000 kJ/m3. Calculations show that when a support structure made of single crystal silicon carbide is used the energy density of CNT springs reduces to 1 kJ/m3. Even after considering a support structure and other energy extraction hardware associated with a CNT spring energy harvesting device, its energy density is much greater than mechanical springs and is in approximately the same range as that of lithium-ion batteries. The energy density is much lower than the energy density of any hydrocarbon used in combustion processes.
Failure processes that limit energy storage
A large number of CNTs are needed to store a significant amount of energy that can be used for macroscopic processes. In order to achieve such a large amount of energy storage the CNT springs must maintain high stiffness and elasticity. It is in practice quite difficult to have such high stiffness and elastic strains in yarns or fibers made up of assemblies of CNTs as they seldom maintain mechanical properties of an individual SWCNT. This behavior occurs due to atomic defects and imperfect organisation.
Elastic loading is the preferred loading mechanism for reversible energy storage, experiments have been performed that indicate that loading within the fibers deviates from purely elastic behavior.
Only a portion of the CNTs contribute to the load bearing at a given strain. The unequal amount of slack within each CNT due to the presence of atomic defects and tangling causes different CNTs to fracture at different strains.
When MWCNTs are loaded in tension it is difficult to grasp their inner shells. Tensile tests of MWCNTs attached to atomic force microscope (AFM) tips at both ends show that fracture occurs at the outer shell in a way such that majority loading occurs at the outer shell and little load transfer occurs to the inner shells. This causes the stiffness and strength of MWCNTs to be lower than they would be if the shells were loaded equally.
References
External links
http://memagazine.asme.org/Articles/2010/march/Carbon_SuperSpring.cfm
Energy storage
"Hommage à S. Pickwick Esq. P.P.M.P.C." is the 9th piece in Claude Debussy's second set of préludes. The prelude's title refers to the protagonist of Charles Dickens' The Pickwick Papers – P.P.M.P.C. stands for "Perpetual President Member of the Pickwick Club". The piece is characteristic for its eccentric shifts in expression and often melancholy or sentimental tone. It is also notable for incorporating the opening refrain from "God Save the Queen". A performance lasts approximately two and a half minutes.
References
Preludes by Claude Debussy
1913 compositions
Works based on The Pickwick Papers
FC Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv was a Ukrainian football club from Cherniakhiv, Zhytomyr Oblast.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv, FC
Football clubs in Zhytomyr Oblast
Association football clubs established in 1995
Association football clubs disestablished in 2003
1995 establishments in Ukraine
2003 disestablishments in Ukraine
Netball New South Wales is the governing body for netball in New South Wales. It is affiliated to Netball Australia. It is responsible for organizing and managing two elite level teams, New South Wales Swifts and Giants Netball, who compete in Suncorp Super Netball. It is also responsible for organizing and managing the Netball NSW Premier League as well as numerous other leagues and competitions for junior and youth teams. Its headquarters are based at Netball Central, Sydney Olympic Park.
History
Netball New South Wales was formed in 1929 and was originally known as the New South Wales Women's Basketball Association (NSWWBA). It was formed by members of the Sydney City Girls' Amateur Sports Association. In 1970 it became the New South Wales Netball Association (NSWNA).
Between 1980 and 2014, the Netball NSW headquarters were based at the Anne Clark Centre in Lidcombe. It was officially opened on 11 October 1980 and named after Anne Clark, who had served as the organisation's president between 1950 and 1979. In December 2014, Netball NSW moved to its current home at Netball Central, Sydney Olympic Park.
Representative teams
Current
Former
Competitions
Netball NSW Premier League
Dooleys Metro League
Regional League
Regional State Cup
Senior State Titles
Junior State Titles
Summer Series
Masters State Titles
Social Masters
Netball NSW Board
Notable board members
References
External links
Netball NSW on Facebook
Netball NSW on Twitter
Netball NSW on Instagram
New South Wales
Netball
1929 establishments in Australia
John Bradley Sherman is an American intelligence official who has served as the Chief Information Officer at the Department of Defense since December 17, 2021. Prior to that, he served from June 2020 to January 2021 as the Principal Deputy DOD Chief Information Officer. Between 2017 and 2020 he served as Associate Director and Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community (IC) at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Education
Sherman graduated from Texas A&M University with a BA in history. He also earned a master's degree in public administration from the University of Houston. Following graduation from Texas A&M, he was a US Army Air Defense officer in the 24th Infantry Division. He is a graduate of the Department of Defense CAPSTONE course, ODNI's "Leading the IC" course, and the CIA Director's Seminar.
Career
Sherman was formerly the deputy director of CIA's Open Source Enterprise (OSE). Before that, he served in several senior executive positions at NGA, dealing with analysis, collection, homeland security, organizational strategy, and international affairs.
Previously, Sherman was the principal deputy national intelligence officer for military issues on the National Intelligence Council, and as a White House Situation Room duty officer. He began his IC career in 1997 as a CIA imagery analyst assigned to the former National Imagery and Mapping Agency, now known as NGA.
Biden administration
On September 16, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Sherman to be the Chief Information Officer in the Department of Defense. The Senate Armed Services Committee held hearings on his nomination on October 28, 2021. On December 8, 2021, the committee favorably reported Sherman's nomination to the Senate floor. The entire Senate confirmed his nomination via voice vote on December 14, 2021.
Awards and Personal Life
Sherman has been awarded the Meritorious Presidential Rank, the Intelligence Medal of Merit, NGA's Meritorious Civilian Service Medal, and Canada's Chief of Defense Intelligence Medallion. He is married with two grown children.
References
Trump administration personnel
Biden administration personnel
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Samson vs. the Giant King (, also known as Giant of the Lost Tomb and Atlas Against the Czar) is a 1964 Italian fantasy-peplum film directed by Amerigo Anton.
The czar Nicolas sends a secret mission of experts to find a hidden treasure. However, he also he prepares a group of mercenaries who should kill the members of the mission after their return.
Cast
Kirk Morris: Maciste
Massimo Serato: Czar Nicola
Ombretta Colli: Sonia
Gloria Milland: Nadia
Giulio Donnini: Igor
Tom Felleghy: Akim (as Tom Felleghi)
Dada Gallotti: Katia
Attilio Dottesio
References
External links
1964 films
Films directed by Tanio Boccia
Films scored by Carlo Rustichelli
Peplum films
1964 adventure films
Maciste films
Films set in Russia
Sword and sandal films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
John Hugh Jones (21 May 1843 – 15 December 1910) was a Welsh Roman Catholic priest, translator, and tutor.
Life
Jones was born in May, 1843, in Bala, Gwynedd, north Wales. After an education at Bala Grammar School and some private tuition from the Anglican priest and antiquarian John Williams (Ab Ithel) , he matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1862. He did not complete his degree course, as he joined the Roman Catholic Church on 18 October 1865. He then studied at St. Edmund's Theological College in Ware, Hertfordshire and at St Beuno's Jesuit College in Tremeirchion, Denbighshire. He was ordained deacon and worked in Bangor, Gwynedd in 1871, preaching in both Welsh and English. He was then ordained priest in 1872 and served the town of Caernarvon until 1908, when he was moved to St Mary's College, Holywell, Flintshire as a tutor in Welsh. During his life, he translated into Welsh various religious writings, including hymns and a Prayer Book. He died in Holywell on 15 December 1910.
References
1843 births
1910 deaths
Welsh Roman Catholics
Welsh Roman Catholic priests
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Welsh educators
Translators to Welsh
19th-century translators
19th-century Welsh writers
20th-century Welsh writers
Robert Hope may refer to:
Robert Marsden Hope (1919–1999), New South Wales Supreme Court judge
Robert Hope (Australian politician) (1812–1878), medical practitioner and member of the Victorian Legislative Council
Robert Hope-Jones (1859–1914), English musician
Robert Hope of the Hope baronets
Bobby Hope (1943–2022), Scottish footballer
Rob Hope (runner) (born 1974), English fell runner
See also
Bob Hope (disambiguation)
"Church Call" is a bugle call which signals that religious services are about to begin. The call may also be used to announce the formation of a funeral escort.
References
Bugle calls
Corbetta may refer to:
Corbetta, Lombardy, a commune in the province of Milan, Italy
Corbetta (mountain), a mountain of the canton of Fribourg, in Switzerland
Corbetta, a type of magazine (artillery). A Corbetta magazine is of concrete construction and is shaped like a beehive or dome. The domed shape is used for only the Corbetta ECM design. The interior wall is approximately three times the height of the magazine. There are currently no Dome designs approved for new construction.
Francesco Corbetta, a guitarist and composer of the seventeenth century
Marco Corbetta, a game programmer
Ranuccio Farnese (1509–1529) was the natural son of Alessandro Farnese by Silvia Ruffini, born before his father was elected pope as Paul III. His siblings were Pier Luigi, Paolo and Costanza.
External links
Ranuccio on the Farnese family tree
1509 births
1529 deaths
Ranuccio
Papal family members
Nystia is an extinct genus of fossil freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Truncatellidae.
The genus Nystia was previously classified within the Stenothyridae or the Micromelaniidae. It is currently classified within the Truncatellidae according to Kadolsky (1988).
Distribution
The distribution of the genus Nystia includes France and the Czech Republic.
Species
Species in the genus Nystia include:
Nystia duchasteli (Nyst, 1836) - synonym: Paludina duchasteli Nyst, 1836, type species, from Eocene of France
Nystia lenoiri
Nystia rubeschi
References
Further reading
Klika B. (1891).
Schlickum W. R. (1970). "Zur Gattung Nystia Tounouer". Archiv für Molluskenkunde 100(5-6): 291–293.
Truncatellidae
Eocene gastropods
List of cathedrals in Ukraine and cathedral temples that includes temples that used to have cathedra.
All of the Russian Orthodox Church temples in Ukraine are organized as the Ukrainian Orthodox Church. Since 1992 there has been a movement to organize a separate Ukrainian Orthodox Church led by self organized Kyiv Patriarch. For disambiguation purposes the Russian Orthodox Church is identified as the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate), and other the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Kyiv Patriarchate).
The Russian Orthodox Church continues to possess the highest number of dioceses and major temples in Ukraine. Many of the dioceses were created after the fall of the Soviet Union in the 2000s and later.
Main cathedrals of confessions
Cathedrals of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate)
Cathedrals of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Kyiv Patriarchate)
Notes:
Church of the Intercession of Theotokos in Lutsk temporarily serves as a cathedral temple of the Volyn eparchy.
Church of the Saint Hieromartyr George the Victory-bearer in Lviv temporarily serves as a cathedral temple of the Lviv eparchy.
Additional cathedrals
Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate)
Cathedrals of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate):
Birth of Christ Cathedral in Berdyansk
Peter and Paul Cathedral in Luhansk
St. Basil's Co-Cathedral in Izmail
St. Basil's Cathedral in Sarny
St. Basil's Co-Cathedral in Okhtyrka
St. Basil's Cathedral in Khmelnytskyi
Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate
Cathedrals of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate:
Holy Trinity Cathedral in Lutsk
Transfiguration Cathedral in Donetsk
Cathedral of St. Paul Konyushkevych and Assumption of Virgin Mary in Sambir
St. Michael's Cathedral in Zhitomir
Holy Trinity Cathedral in Zaporozhye
Cathedral of St. Andrew in Kropyvnytskyi
Holy Protection Cathedral in Lviv
Cathedral of the Nativity in Odesa
Holy Resurrection Cathedral in Pereiaslav
Dormition Cathedral in Poltava
Holy Protection Cathedral in Rivne
Holy Resurrection Co-Cathedral in Rivne
Holy Resurrection Cathedral in Sumy
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin in Ternopil
Cathedral of the Transfiguration in Kremenets
Cathedral of Candlemas in Kherson
Cathedral of St. Andrew in Khmelnytskyi
Holy Trinity Cathedral in Cherkassy
Cathedral of St. Paraskevi of Serbia in Chernivtsi
St. Catherine Cathedral in Chernihiv
Cathedrals of the Catholic Church
Cathedrals of the Catholic Church in Ukraine in full communion with the Pope in Rome. In this country there are at least 34 catholic cathedrals with 4 rites:
Latin Rite
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Kamianets-Podilskyi
Cathedral of the Assumption Blessed Virgin Mary in Kharkiv
Co-cathedral of the Merciful Father in Zaporizhia
Cathedral of Holy Wisdom in Zhytomyr
Co-Cathedral of St. Alexander in Kyiv
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Lutsk
Cathedral of St. Martin of Tours in Mukacheve
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Odesa
Ukrainian Rite
Cathedrals of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church:
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Chortkiv
Cathedral of the Virgin of Mercy in Donetsk
Cathedral of the Resurrection of Our Saviour in Ivano-Frankivsk
Cathedral of St. Michael in Kolomyia
Co-Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Chernivtsi
Cathedral of the Nativity of the Theotokos in Lutsk
St. George's Cathedral in Lviv
Cathedral of the Dormition of the Holy Mother of God in Odesa
Cathedral of the Holy Trinity in Drohobych
Cathedral of Sts. Ann, Peter and Paul in Sokal
Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin in Stryi
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Holy Mother of God in Ternopil
Armenian Rite
Armenian Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary in Lviv
Ruthenian Rite
Cathedral of the Exaltation of the Cross in Mukacheve
Co-Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Mukacheve
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Ukraine
References
Cathedrals
Ukraine
Cathedrals
Anaxiphomorpha is a small Asian genus of "sword-tail crickets", in the subfamily Trigonidiinae and the tribe Trigonidiini.
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists the following from southern China and Vietnam:
Anaxiphomorpha biserratus Liu & Shi, 2015
Anaxiphomorpha brachyapodemalis Gorochov, 1987 - type species - locality Hanoi, Vietnam
Anaxiphomorpha brevisparamerus Liu & Shi, 2015
Anaxiphomorpha hexagona Ma, 2018
Anaxiphomorpha longiapodemalis Gorochov, 1987
Anaxiphomorpha longiserratus Liu & Shi, 2015
Anaxiphomorpha serratiprotuberus Liu & Shi, 2015
References
External links
Ensifera genera
Trigonidiidae
Orthoptera of Asia
The Uncle is a 1965 British drama film directed by Desmond Davis and starring Rupert Davies.
Premise
Seven year-old Gus (Robert Duncan) faces trouble when his difficult seven year-old nephew Tom (Christopher Arris) arrives to spend the summer holidays with his family.
Cast
Rupert Davies as David Morton
Brenda Bruce as Addie Morton
Robert Duncan as Gus Morton
Ann Lynn as Sally Morton
Christopher Ariss as Tom
Maurice Denham as Mr. Ream
Helen Fraser as Mary Ream
Barbara Leake as Emma
John Moulder-Brown as Jamie
Jane Ratcliffe as Susie
Critical reception
The Spinning Image called the film "a little gem deserving of a wider audience."
References
External links
1965 films
1965 drama films
British black-and-white films
British drama films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Desmond Davis
Films scored by John Addison
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
Venta Plateau () is a small plateau rising to 1,800-2,000 m between the heads of Isca Valley and Lemanis Valley, located 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of Haven Mountain in the Britannia Range. Named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato (N.Z.) geological party, 1978–79, led by Michael Selby. Venta is a historical name used in Roman Britain for present-day Winchester.
Plateaus of Oates Land
Hibiscus Island is a neighborhood in the city of Miami Beach on a man-made island in Biscayne Bay, Florida, United States. Hibiscus Island lies just north of Palm Island. It is an exclusive residential neighborhood with relatively high property values. The island is accessible via the MacArthur Causeway.
History
The dredging which created the reclaimed land on which Hibiscus Island sits was completed in 1922 by the Army Corps of Engineers, work which completed Palm and Star Island the same year. Into the 1930s, as the Great Depression diminished real estate prospects in the wake of the Florida land boom of the 1920s, The twin islands of Hibiscus and Palm Island became the winter home of such notables as Al Capone and celebrities, who were impressed by the views of the skylines of Downtown Miami and Miami Beach.
In the post-World War II economic expansion and sprawl in South Florida, Palm and Hibiscus Island became the site of the Famous Latin Quarter Nightclub in the 1940s and 1950s. Owned by Lou Walters, father of journalist Barbara Walters, the Latin Quarter was a mid-century mecca for big-named entertainers who performed for winter crowds of tourists and celebrities arriving in Miami Beach each December. Entertainers like Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Tony Bennett all intermingled with waves of high-kicking chorus girls to perform three shows a night at the Latin Quarter.
The island is now home to several mansions, with converted apartments and condominiums. Home to relatively high property values in the greater Miami area, it is among the first places to evacuate in advance of a hurricane.
Education
Hibiscus Island is zoned to schools in the Miami-Dade County Public Schools.
Zoned schools include:
South Pointe Elementary School
Nautilus Middle School
Miami Beach High School
External links
Location of Hibiscus Island
References
Florida Atlas & Gazetteer. 1989. Third ed. DeLorme Mapping. Freeport, ME.
Islands of Miami Beach, Florida
Neighborhoods in Miami Beach, Florida
Islands of Florida
Aristona is a brand name used by the Dutch company Philips for consumer electronics in the 1930s1990s period. It was marketed as a cheaper alternative for those unwilling to pay the price for Philips products. Often Aristona products were simply rebranded old-generation Philips products.
Typical products include turntables, television sets, cassettes and cassette players, 8-track players, radio's and DVD players.
References
Philips
RTV 7 Tuzla is a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in city of Tuzla. It was established in 2012.
RTV 7 broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news, local sports, mosaic and documentaries. The programming is mainly produced in the Bosnian language.
Radio Tuzla is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV 7 Tuzla
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Steve Reid (born 1944) is an American jazz drummer.
Steve Reid may also refer to:
Steve Reid (video game producer), American video game producer
Steve Reid (golfer) (born 1936), American former PGA Tour player
Steve Reid (American football) (1914–2009), American football player
Steve Reid (musician), American jazz drummer, best known as a founding member of The Rippingtons
Steve Reid (soccer) (born 1955), American soccer player
See also
Steven Reid (born 1981), Irish football player
Steven Reid (harness racer), driver of standardbred racehorses in New Zealand
Stephen Reid (disambiguation)
Steve Reed (disambiguation)
Christmas Time is a holiday EP by the American vocalist Wendy Moten and was released on October 25, 1995.
Track listing
1995 albums
Wendy Moten albums
Contemporary R&B Christmas albums
Pop Christmas albums
The Infinite Staircase is an American hard rock band from Staten Island, New York. Since its formation in 2002 by brothers Lenny and Jeff Cerzosie, the group has released one album, and a seven-song EP. The EP charted in the Top 30 on America's Rock Radio Music Charts with their single "The Pride".
History
The Infinite Staircase has recorded with several well known musicians over the years. Their 2009 full-length debut record The Road Less Taken included guest performances by Augie Ciulla (Reparata and the Delrons drummer), guitar virtuoso Blues Saraceno (Poison guitarist) and Earl Slick (David Bowie & former John Lennon guitarist). The album was also mixed by Saraceno.
In 2009 the band toured nationally with Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society, Sevendust and Dope during the “Black Label Bash Tour”.
In 2013 the band charted in the Top 30 on America's Rock Radio Music Charts with their single "The Pride", which was a song written and recorded to benefit the victims of Hurricane Sandy. "The Pride" featured guest performances by Zakk Wylde, Kevin Martin of Candlebox, Morgan Rose of Sevendust & John "JD" DeServio of Black Label Society. "The Pride" spent six weeks in the Mainstream Rock Radio Top 40 in America with its highest rank being #27.
The Infinite Staircase released “No Amends” on October 15, 2013, with a debut in the iTunes Top 100 New Rock Releases. The 7-song EP was produced by Morgan Rose (Sevendust, Call Me No One) and featured collaborations with, in addition to Rose, Lajon Witherspoon & Clint Lowery (Sevendust) as well as Zakk Wylde & John "JD" DeServio (Black Label Society), Kevin Martin & Sean Hennesy (Candlebox), Chris Caffery (Savatage/Trans-Siberian Orchestra) and Troy Cromwell (Cycle Of Pain).
The band's follow-up single, "The Things We've Done" was in rotation on Music Choice's Top 50 Active Rock Songs and at Rock and Active Rock Stations across the country.
The Infinite Staircase is currently writing a new covers EP that features bassist John "JD" DeServio (Black Label Society & Cycle Of Pain) on bass and as producer and is poised to see the release sometime in 2014.
References
External links
Official Last FM
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Tomás Ó Caiside, aka An Caisideach Bán, (c. 1709 – 1773?), was an Irish friar, soldier, and poet.
Biography
Ó Caiside's family was of Ulster stock, his parents settling in Drishacaun townland, parish of Kilmurry, Castleplunkett, County Roscommon. What is known of his life is told in Eachtra Thomáis Uí Chaiside ("The Adventures of Tomás Ó Caiside") which he wrote himself. Two surviving copies, one by his friend and contemporary Brian Ó Fearghail, are kept in the Royal Irish Academy and the British Museum.
He was dismissed from the friary of Ballyhaunis "on account of a bad senseless marriage" and spent the rest of his life travelling all over Ireland and Britain, as well as central Europe. In 1733 he served in the Duke of Berwick's regiment and was later pressed into the Prussian Army, where he encountered the Potsdam Giants, alongside fellow-Irishman James Kirkland (Irish giant).
He mentions having been in the Electorate of the Palatinate; the Black Forest; Sandhausen; Hanover; Prussia; Brunswick; Bristol; and Bideford.
His poems include:
An Caisideach Bán
Béal Átha hAmhnais
Máire Bhéal Átha hAmhnais
Faoisdin Uí Chaiside (Ó Caiside's Confession)
Bríd Ní Bheirn
An Bráithrín Buartha (The Troubled Friar)
References
Religious Songs of Connacht, Douglas Hyde
An Caisideach Bán:The Songs and Adventures of Tomás Ó Caiside, translated from the Irish by Adrian Kenny, GREENsprint, Ballyhaunis, 1993. .
Irish poets
Irish soldiers
18th-century Irish writers
Irish soldiers in the British Army
People from County Roscommon
Irish expatriates in France
Irish expatriates in Germany
Irish expatriates in Poland
Irish expatriates in England
18th-century soldiers
Irish-language writers
Irish-language singers
Modà is an Italian pop band from Milan. Formed in 2002, the band currently consists of lead singer Kekko Silvestre, guitarists Diego Arrigoni and Enrico Zapparoli, bass guitarist Stefano Forcella and drummer Claudio Dirani.
History
2000–2003: Early years
In the early 2000s, Kekko Silvestre met musicians Tino Alberti and Enrico Palmosi. Later joined by Silvestre's childhood friend Paolo Bovi, they formed a band, Pop Doc, which performed in local clubs in Northern Italy. Silvestre later decided to rename the band after a discothèque in Erba, Lombardy. In 2001, Modà recorded their first demos, but during the summer of the same year, Palmosi left the group, later becoming the arranger of most of Modà's songs.
The following year, Silvestre met Diego Arrigoni, who became the band's guitarist. Shortly after, Stefano Forcella and Manuel Signoretto became Modà's bass guitarist and drummer, respectively.
2003–2005: Debut album and Sanremo Music Festival
In May 2003, Modà released their first self-produced EP, titled Via d'uscita.
During one of their concerts, Modà were noted by Marco Sfratato, who was interested in their music and introduced the band to Pippo Landro, director of the independent record label New Music International. That way, Modà obtained their first recording contract. The band's debut album was released in October of the following year. Titled Ti amo veramente, the album was preceded by the single with the same title, which became a minor hit in Italy. The album also spawned the singles "Dimmi che non hai paura", released on 10 September 2004, and "Nuvole di rock".
In March 2005, the band participated in the Newcomers' Section of the 55th Sanremo Music Festival, performing their entry "Riesci a innamorarmi".
Paolo Bovi later revealed that they initially submitted the song "Mia", but they had to change it at the last time because it was already known among Modà's friends and funs, while the rules of the competition require competing song to be completely unknown to the audience.
"Riesci a innamorarmi" was eliminated during the first stage of the competition. Included in a new edition of Modà's debut album, the song peaked at number 41 on the Italian Singles Chart.
2006–2009: The Around the Music-era
During the Sanremo Music Festival 2005, problems in the relationship with their recording label started to arise, later leading the band to leave New Music and to sign a new contract with the independent label Around the Music.
In 2006, Paolo Bovi left the band. Shortly after, Modà released the single "Quello che non ti ho detto", a pop ballad which peaked at number 4 on the Italian Singles Chart, spending 16 non-consecutive weeks within the top 20.
The song is the lead single from the album with the same title, released on 29 September 2006. After entering the Italian chart at number 14, the album also spawned the singles "Malinconico a metà" and "Grazie gente".
In 2007, Matteo "Tino" Alberti and Manuel Signoretti left the band and were replaced by Enrico Zapparoli and Claudio Dirani, respectively. With the new lineup, Modà started recording their third studio album, Sala d'attesa, which was released in 2008.
2010–2012: Viva i romantici
In 2010, after signing with the record label Ultrasuoni, controlled by three of the most important Italian radio networks, the band released the single "Sono già solo", which became a sleeper hit, peaking at number two on the Italian Singles Chart during its 28th week and later being certified multi-platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. In October of the same year, the following single "La notte" achieved a similar success in Italy.
In February 2011, the band participated in the 61st Sanremo Music Festival, placing second in the Big Artists Section with their entry "Arriverà", a duet with Italian singer Emma. The song was included in Modà's fourth studio album, released during the same days. Titled Viva i romantici, it debuted at number one on the Italian Albums Chart, holding the top spot for a total amount of six consecutive weeks. The album was later certified diamond by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry and, as of May 2012, it had sold more than 400,000 copies in Italy.
On 16 November the single La Gelosia featuring Bianca Atzei was released .
2013–2014: Gioia
In 2013, the band participated in the 63st Sanremo Music Festival, placing third in the Big Artists Section with their entry "Se si potesse non morire". The song was included in Modà's fifth studio album. Titled "Gioia", it debuted at number one on the Italian Albums Chart, holding the top spot for a total amount of two consecutive weeks. The album was later certified quadruple platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. It had sold more than 250,000 copies in Italy.
In 2014, the Italian band presents its "Europe & US Tour". Modà played in Spain, Germany (Sold out), Switzerland (Sold out), France (Sold out), Belgium (Sold out), United Kingdom (Sold out) and in New York (Sold out).
The same year, the band played for the first time in the two largest stadiums in Italy: San Siro (Sold out) and Stadio Olimpico
2015–2017: Passione Maledetta
In 2015, the band published its sixth studio album titled "Passione Maledetta". It debuted at number one on the Italian Album Chart and was certified quadruple platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry. It had sold more than 200,000 copies in Italy.
In 2016 the band played again in San Siro two consecutive times
2019–2020: Testa o croce
In 2019, after signing with Warner Chappel Music, Believe and Friends&Partners, the band published its seventh studio album titled "Testa o croce". It debuted at number two on the Italian album Chart and was certified gold. It had sold more than 25,000 copies in italy
In 2020, Modà released "Testa o Croce 2020 Edition", a new version of their previous album with new 4 songs
2021–present: Buona Fortuna - Parte Prima
In 2021, the band published its eighth studio album titled "Buona Fortuna - Parte Prima". It debuted at number seven on the Italian album Chart
Band members
Current members
Francesco "Kekko" Silvestre – lead vocals (2002–present)
Diego Arrigoni – electric guitar (2002–present)
Enrico Zapparoli – guitar (2007–present)
Stefano Forcella – bass guitar (2002–present)
Claudio Dirani – drums (2007–present)
Former members
Manuel Signoretto – drum (2002–2007)
Matteo "Tino" Alberti – bass guitar (2002–2007)
Paolo Bovi – keyboards (2002–2006)
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Live albums
Singles
Featured singles
Awards and nominations
References
Italian pop music groups
Musical groups established in 2002
2002 establishments in Italy
Musical groups from Milan
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Lyady (, ) is a hamlet in the Dubrovna District of Vitebsk Region, Belarus adjacent to the Belarus–Russia border.
History
Lyady was founded in the 17th century. It was located on the road connecting Moscow and Warsaw. It is located near the Mereya River, once the border between Russia and Poland and later between the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Jewish population
Lyady used to have a predominantly Jewish population. It was the center of Chabad chasidism for over a decade. The first rebbe Shneur Zalman of Liadi settled there at the invitation of Prince Stanisław Lubomirski, voivode of the town, after his second imprisonment in 1800. He left the town in 1812, fleeing the French Invasion under Napoleon.
After the German occupation of Belarus in the Second World War, the town's Jews were gathered into a ghetto. On April 2, 1942, the Germans and collaborators killed more than 2,000 Jews in the ghetto.
Liberation
After a six-day battle from October 3–8, 1943, Lyady was cleared of German forces by the reinforced 30th Guards Rifle Division of 10th Guards Army.
References
External links
Monument of 1812 war
"The murder of the Jews of Lyady" during World War II, Yad Vashem website
Populated places in Vitebsk Region
Dubrowna District
Orshansky Uyezd
Holocaust locations in Belarus
Jewish communities destroyed in the Holocaust
Wetherton may refer to:
Wetherton, the central character in short story "Trap of Gold" by Louis L'Amour
Wetherton, fictional town in Yorkshire, England, setting for UK TV series Dalziel and Pascoe
Wetherton, a fictional railway station in Worcestershire, England, featuring in the 1990s UK TV series Oh, Doctor Beeching!
Olav Arnold Brunvand (7 January 1912 – 15 February 1988) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Kristiansand as a son of tailor Olav Brunvand, Sr. (1878–1944) and Anna Olsen (1878–1952). In 1936 he married Åsta Bergliot Strømme (1915–1988). His father was a Social Democratic ballot candidate in the Market towns of Vest-Agder and Rogaland counties for the 1921 general election but was not elected.
He worked as a journalist in Sørlandet from 1934, and in Bergens Arbeiderblad from 1939. These newspapers belonged to the Labour Party, and were thus subject to repression during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany from 1940 to 1945; Brunvand was imprisoned by the Germans from 1941 to 1945. He was arrested in October 1941, spent time in Ulven concentration camp in November before being sent via Bergen to Hamburg-Fuhlsbüttel in December. In August 1943 he was transferred to Rendsburg, later to Dreibergen. During his stay in German prisons he made notes which were later published in newspaper articles, and issued in 1968 as the book Smil og tårer i tukthus. The manuscript was written on toilet paper and smuggled out by Hiltgunt Zassenhaus, who buried it and sent it to Brunvand after he had returned to Bergen in 1945.
In 1945 he was promoted to subeditor in Bergens Arbeiderblad. He was then the editor and manager of the news agency Arbeidernes Pressekontor from 1949 to 1952 and 1954 to 1978. From 1952 to 1954 he served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Defence as a part of the Labour cabinet Torp.
He was the father of Per Brunvand.
References
1912 births
1988 deaths
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian state secretaries
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Ulven concentration camp survivors
Politicians from Kristiansand
20th-century Norwegian writers
Mary Beth Walsh is the Assembly member for the 112th District of the New York State Assembly. She is a Republican. The district includes portions of Saratoga County, including Ballston Spa, Country Knolls, Galway and Milton as well as portions of Schenectady County including East Glenville and Scotia.
Life and career
A practicing attorney, Walsh formerly served on the Ballston Town Council, and also served as Saratoga Assistant County Attorney and the Town of Edinburg Attorney. She has also served on various other board and commissions throughout her career.
New York State Assembly
In 2016, longtime Assemblyman Jim Tedisco, who had represented the district for thirty four years, decided to run for the New York Senate to replace Hugh Farley, who had served in his seat for forty years. Walsh, seeking the Republican nomination, defeated Jim Fischer in the primary election, 55% to 45%.
She would go on to win the general election against Democrat Michael R. Godlewski by a 62% to 38% margin. Walsh was sworn into office on January 1, 2017.
References
External links
New York State Assemblywoman Mary Beth Walsh official site
Living people
New York (state) Republicans
Members of the New York State Assembly
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in New York (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Copley Square Hotel is a hotel in the Back Bay area of Boston, Massachusetts. It was built in 1891 on Huntington Avenue and Exeter Street, and has the distinction of being the city's second-oldest hotel in continuous operation.
The Copley Square Hotel opened on July 4, 1891. At the time it was one of the finest first-class hotels in the city, and its location was at the edge of the most aristocratic part of Back Bay, making it one of the most desirable places at which to stop. The hotel was convenient for the railroad stations, trading centers, places of amusement and the electric car service. The hotel (or house as it was called at the time) originally had 300 elegantly furnished rooms, single and en suite, with private parlors and baths. The original proprietors were F.S. Risteen & Co. and the total cost to open the hotel was $300,000.
The Copley Square Hotel was built near what is present day Copley Square. The square was named in honor of John Singleton Copley, the American painter, and is bordered by the Boston Public Library, Trinity Church, and Old South Church. The hotel's architect was Fred R. Pope. The seven-floor hotel is mainly constructed of brick. The U-shaped building is strongly supported by pilings driven to a depth of 70 feet below the street level.
The hotel was the election headquarters for President William McKinley, and has hosted many celebrities including sports legend Babe Ruth and jazz artists Sydney Bechet, Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday and Duke Ellington in the Storyville Jazz Club. Most recently, in its lower lobby, the former Cafe Budapest, it was hosted for the filming of scenes in the 1992 comedy movie "HouseSitter" starring Goldie Hawn and Steve Martin.
On January 24, 2008, the Copley Square Hotel closed for a multi-million dollar property-wide renovation - emerging in January 2009 as a contemporary, luxury boutique hotel. The extensive project included thorough remodeling of all accommodations, as well as the lobby, restaurant, and miniBar (formerly Domani and the Original Sports Saloon).
References
External links
Copley Square Hotel Official site
Interstate Hotels & Resorts Management Company Website
CapStar Hotel Company Owners Website
1891 establishments in Massachusetts
Copley Square
Hotel buildings completed in 1891
Hotels established in 1891
Hotels in Boston
Hillside railway station serves the southern half of the Birkdale area of Southport, England. It is located on the Southport branch of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line.
It is the closest station to the Royal Birkdale golf course, and is extremely busy when major events (such as the Open Championship) are held there.
History
Hillside opened in May 1926 as an intermediate station on the ex-Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR) after the 1923 grouping into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, and long after the railway had originally opened in 1848. By this time, the area had developed into a sizable residential suburb of Southport.
Nationalisation followed in 1948 and in 1978 the station became part of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line (operated by British Rail until privatised in 1995).
Facilities
Safety and security features at this station include CCTV, an induction loop is installed, shelters and seats and a public telephone. There is no wheelchair access at this station, as the only access to the platforms is by stairs; the nearest stations with disabled access are Birkdale and Ainsdale. The ticket office is always staffed by at least one member of staff from before the start of train services until 00:30 each evening. There is cycle storage for 6 cycles and secure storage for 40 cycles.
Merseytravel announced in April 2019 that they had been successful in a bid for funding lifts being installed at the station under the Department for Transport's ‘Access for All' programme. The lifts are expected to be installed at some point over the following five years.
Services
Trains operate every 15 minutes throughout the day from Monday to Saturday and on summer Sundays to Southport to the north, and to Hunts Cross via Liverpool Central to the south. Winter Sunday services are every 30 minutes in each direction.
Gallery
References
External links
Railway stations in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton
Former London, Midland and Scottish Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1926
Railway stations served by Merseyrail
Gossamer (foaled 20 February 1999) is a British thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from July 2001 until October 2002 she won four of her eight starts and was one of the best fillies of her generation in Europe at both two and three years of age. As a juvenile she was undefeated in three starts, following up a win in a maiden race with victories in the Group Three Prestige Stakes and the Group One Fillies' Mile. Despite fears that her diminutive stature made her unlikely to improve as a three-year-old, and a defeat when favourite the 1000 Guineas she recovered to record an emphatic success in the Irish 1,000 Guineas. The best of her three subsequent appearances came when she finished third to the colt Rock of Gibraltar in the Prix du Moulin. Since her retirement from racing she has become a successful broodmare.
Background
Gossamer is a small bay mare with a white star and a white sock on her right hind foot bred by Gerald Leigh who operated a small but successful breeding operation at his Eydon Hall Farm in Northamptonshire. She was one of the fourteenth crop of foals sired by Sadler's Wells, who won the Irish 2,000 Guineas, Eclipse Stakes and Irish Champion Stakes in 1984 went on to be the Champion sire on fourteen occasions. Her dam Brocade was a top-class racemare whose wins included the Prix de la Forêt. As a broodmare, Brocade also produced Gossamer's full brother Barathea and the Summer Stakes winner Free at Last.
The filly was sent into training with Luca Cumani at Newmarket, Suffolk and was ridden in all of her races by Jamie Spencer. She was an unusually small Thoroughbred: horse blankets designed for standard-sized horses trailed below her knees and some commentators described her as "pony-sized" and doubted that she would ever make a top-class racehorse.
Racing career
2001: two-year-old season
During the 2001 season, Gerald Leigh, who was suffering from cancer, donated all of the prize money won by his horses to the charity Cancerbacup.
On her racecourse debut, Gossamer was one of eleven fillies to contest a six-furlong maiden race at Newmarket Racecourse on 12 July. Starting at odds of 12/1, she started slowly but took the lead inside the final furlong and won by a length from Karamah with the favoured Ya Hajar three lengths away in third place. On 26 August, the filly was stepped up in class for the Group Three Prestige Stakes over seven furlongs at Goodwood Racecourse and started 5/4 favourite against five opponents, headed by the John Dunlop-trained Kootenay. After settling the filly in fifth place, Spencer moved her forward to take the lead a quarter of a mile from the finish. In the closing stages, Gossamer accelerated away from her rivals and won in "impressive" style by seven lengths from Protectorate with Kootenay in third.
Gossamer was moved up in class and distance for her final start of the year, the Group One Fillies' Mile at Ascot Racecourse on 29 September. She started 4/6 favourite ahead of the May Hill Stakes winner Half Glance, whilst the other five runners included the Irish challenger Maryinsky, the Ed Dunlop-trained Fraulein and the highly regarded maiden winner Esloob. Gossamer raced behind the leaders as Esloob set the pace, before being switched to the outside in the straight. She took the lead approaching the final furlong and stayed on to win by two and a half lengths from Maryinsky, with Esloob a length and a quarter back in third place. After the race, the filly was made 2/1 ante-post favourite for the following year's 1000 Guineas. Cumani commented, "I've won this race twice before, but I can say I haven't had a filly as exciting as this in 25 years' training."
2002: three-year-old season
For her first appearance of the 2002 season, Gossamer was sent directly to contest the 189th running of the 1000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile at Newmarket on 5 May, after Cumani opted not to run in any of the recognised trial races. Commenting on his decision the trainer said that "[Gossamer] is easy to get fit. And you are not really conceding an advantage by going straight there... It's more or less a level playing field." She started the 11/8 favourite but started slowly, struggled to obtain a clear run and stumbled approaching the final furlong before finishing eighth of the seventeen runners behind Kazzia. Three weeks later Gossamer was sent to Ireland for the Irish 1000 Guineas on heavy ground at the Curragh and was made the 4/1 favourite ahead of Alasha and Quarter Moon, both of whom had finished ahead of her at Newmarket. The rest of the fifteen runner field included Zenda (Poule d'Essai des Pouliches), Rum Charger (Athasi Stakes), Saranac Lake (Debutante Stakes), Red Rioja (C L Weld Park Stakes) and Marionnuad (Leopardstown 1,000 Guineas Trial Stakes). Spencer tracked the leaders as the outsider Alstermeria made the running before moving the filly up to dispute the lead with Starbourne a furlong from the finish. In the closing stages Gossamer drew away from the field and won by four and a half lengths from Quarter Moon with Starbourne and Alstemeria in third and fourth. After the race Spencer said "I was never worried from the moment I hit the gate", and added "this filly is special. If I get a wife like her, I'll be happy!". Cumani commented "She has no quirks, a wonderful temperament, and is a perfect racing machine. I am glad she has silenced the doubters and there will be improvement to come".
The ground was much firmer when Gossamer returned to England for the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot on 21 June. She started the 6/4 favourite but never looked likely to win at any stage and finished last of the eleven runners behind Sophisticat. Gerald Leigh died in July 2002 and the ownership of Gossamer passed to "The Leigh Family" for her last two races. On 8 September the filly was matched against colts and older horses when she was sent to France for the Group One Prix du Moulin over 1600 metres at Longchamp Racecourse. She started the 18.4/1 outsider of the seven runners but stayed on strongly in the closing stages to take third place behind Rock of Gibraltar and Banks Hill. On her final appearance Gossamer was sent to Chicago for the fourth running of the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf over ten furlongs at Arlington Park on 26 October. She stayed on in the straight without challenging the leaders and finished fifth behind Starine, Banks Hill, Islington and Golden Apples.
Breeding record
At the end of her racing career, Gossamer was retired to become a broodmare, and produced one foal for the Leigh Family before being acquired by Sheikh Mohammed's Darley Stud. She has produced at least eight foals and five winners:
So Silk, a bay filly, foaled in 2004, sired by Rainbow Quest. Unraced. Dam of Silk Sari (Park Hill Stakes).
Ibn Khaldun, chestnut colt, 2005, by Dubai Destination. Won four races including the Racing Post Trophy.
Veil of Silence, bay filly, 2006, by Elusive Quality. Unraced.
Memory Cloth, bay colt (later gelded), 2007, by Cape Cross. Won six races.
Calico Cat, bay colt (later gelded), 2008, by Tiger Hill. Won one race.
My Destination, bay colt, 2009, by Dubai Destination. Won one race.
Gossiping, bay colt, 2012, by Dubawi. Won one race.
Silk Words, bay filly, 2013, by Dubawi
Pedigree
References
1999 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Irish Classic Race winners
Thoroughbred family 14-a
Milislav Popovic (born 6 March 1997) is an Australian footballer currently playing as a forward for Luxembourg National Division club Victoria Rosport.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Australian soccer players
Australia youth international soccer players
Australian expatriate soccer players
Association football forwards
A-League Men players
Regionalliga players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Blacktown City FC players
Macarthur FC players
S.S. Lazio players
TSV Havelse players
1. FC Köln II players
Eintracht Braunschweig II players
SV Lafnitz players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Australian people of Serbian descent
Kris Barlow (born 15 July 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL).
AFL career
Drafted at the age of 25 from Vermont, picked up at 86 in the 1998 National Draft, Barlow was a versatile forward who had great marking ability.
Hampered by wrist injuries, he endured a slow start to his AFL career. A five-goal haul against Collingwood in 2001 showcased the ability Barlow had.
A knee injury in practice match in Morwell at the start of 2004 restricted him to seven matches and he just made it to the 100 game milestone. Barlow was delisted at the end of 2004.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of 2019
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1999
|
| 33 || 15 || 9 || 5 || 175 || 61 || 236 || 52 || 16 || 0.6 || 0.3 || 11.7 || 4.1 || 15.7 || 3.5 || 1.1
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2000
|
| 33 || 21 || 11 || 6 || 221 || 73 || 294 || 102 || 37 || 0.5 || 0.3 || 10.5 || 3.5 || 14.0 || 5.0 || 1.7
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2001
|
| 33 || 19 || 23 || 12 || 204 || 80 || 284 || 94 || 38 || 1.2 || 0.6 || 10.7 || 4.2 || 14.9 || 5.0 || 2.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2002
|
| 33 || 20 || 21 || 13 || 187 || 60 || 247 || 100 || 32 || 1.5 || 0.7 || 9.4 || 3.0 || 12.4 || 5.0 || 1.6
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2003
|
| 33 || 20 || 9 || 7 || 205|| 106 || 311 || 119 || 41 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 10.2 || 5.3 || 15.5 || 6.0 || 2.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2004
|
| 33 || 7 || 1 || 1 || 48 || 26 || 74 || 25 || 13 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 6.9 || 3.7 || 10.6 || 3.6 || 1.9
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 102 !! 74 !! 44 !! 1040 !! 406 !! 1446 !! 495 !! 177 !! 0.73 !! 0.43 !! 10.20 !! 3.98 !! 14.18 !! 4.85 !! 1.74
|}
External links
Profile at Hawksheadquarters
References
1973 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
Box Hill Football Club players
Keagan Masters (born 2 March 2000) is a South African racing driver who currently competes in the Sasol GTC Championship. He has taken three championship titles in the series, two in the GTC2 Class (2017, 2018) and one in the GTC Class (2019).
References
2000 births
South African racing drivers
Living people
Brian Backer (born December 5, 1956) is an American former actor who has starred in film and on television. He is best known for his role in the 1982 hit comedy film Fast Times at Ridgemont High as shy teenager Mark "Rat" Ratner. He appeared in the 1985 comedy film Moving Violations as Scott Greeber and the 1987 comedy film Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol as Arnie.
Backer's primary television role was on the soap opera Santa Barbara in 1990 as A. Bartlett Congdon. He has made guest appearances on such shows as Charles in Charge, Gimme a Break! and Growing Pains.
Backer won the 1981 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play, the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play, and the Theatre World Award for Woody Allen's The Floating Light Bulb, in which he portrayed an Allen-like protagonist.
Early life
Backer grew up in Brooklyn.
Filmography
The Burning (1981) as Alfred
Fast Times at Ridgemont High (1982) as Mark "Rat" Ratner
Talk to Me (1984) as Men's Store Salesman
Moving Violations (1985) as Scott Greeber
The Money Pit (1986) as Ethan
Gimme a Break! (1986) as Tyler (episode: The Purse Snatcher)
Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol (1987) as Arnie
Perry Mason: The Case of the Lethal Lesson (1989) as Eugene
Steel and Lace (1991) as Norman
A Clown in Babylon (1999) as Blake
Loser (2000) as Doctor
Marie and Bruce (2004) as Waiter
Vamps (2012) as Middle-Aged Guy/Dentist
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Male actors from New York City
American male film actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
Drama Desk Award winners
People from Brooklyn
Tony Award winners
The Murrumbidgee River is a major river in New South Wales, Australia, with approximately ninety named tributaries in total; including 24 rivers, and numerous creeks and gullies.
The ordering of the basin, from source to mouth, is:
References
Thomas Allen Pollock (August 1, 1925 – August 17, 1994) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway. Pollock died of a stroke in 1994; he was the first member of the 1952 Olympic team to die.
References
1925 births
1994 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Sportspeople from Red Deer, Alberta
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Tom MacRae (born 6 August 1977) is an English television writer, author, playwright, lyricist, television producer, and screenwriter. He is best known as the creator of the television series Threesome and the book writer and lyricist of the Olivier nominated stage musical Everybody's Talking About Jamie.
Early life
The only child of Dianne, an art teacher, and Anthony, an artist, MacRae grew up in Weedon Bec, Northamptonshire and attended Campion School, Bugbrooke.
Television career
His writing for television includes Mayo starring Alistair McGowan; "At Bertrams Hotel" for Marple and "Life Born of Fire" for Lewis; The Lines of War for Bonekickers; and an episode of Casualty. He was nominated for a BAFTA in 2002 for the series Off Limits: School's Out.
For the television series Doctor Who, he wrote the two-part story "Rise of the Cybermen" and "The Age of Steel". Issue 383 of Doctor Who is a Magazine reported that MacRae had been commissioned to write the episode "Century House" for Series 4, broadcast in 2008; however, this episode was cancelled after Russell T Davies decided that it was too close in tone to another episode. For Matt Smith's Doctor, MacRae wrote the episode "The Girl Who Waited", broadcast in 2011.
That same year, MacRae created and wrote Threesome, Comedy Central UK's first original scripted comedy since the channel was renamed in 2009. It starred Stephen Wight and Amy Huberman as a young couple and Emun Elliott as their gay best friend. A second series has aired.
In 2015, he co-wrote the television adaptation of Raymond Briggs' Fungus the Bogeyman.
Since 2016 he has written several episodes for the television fantasy series The Librarians.
Other writing ventures
Tom MacRae wrote a picture book for children called The Opposite, which has gone into paperback and been published in several languages. His second book for children, Baby Pie, also received a paperback edition. MacRae also wrote the short stories "Once Upon a Time" and "Cats and Dogs", which were published in Doctor Who is a Storybook 2007 and Doctor Who is a Storybook 2008, respectively.
He wrote the book and lyrics to the stage musical Everybody's Talking About Jamie, which premiered at the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield in February 2017. On 21 June it was announced that the musical would transfer to the West End at the Apollo Theatre from 6 November 2017 to 21 April 2018 with most of the Crucible Theatre cast returning. He also wrote the film version, which was released on 17 September 2021 by Amazon Studios. It was previously scheduled to be released on 23 October 2020, by 20th Century Studios, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and sold the rights after a January 2021 release was planned but scrapped. It was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Outstanding British Film at the 75th British Academy Film Awards.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
British television writers
British science fiction writers
English people of Scottish descent
English television writers
English screenwriters
English male screenwriters
English children's writers
English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
English musical theatre lyricists
People from Weedon Bec
Alumni of Goldsmiths, University of London
British male television writers
Lightsville is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Lightsville was platted in 1874 by William B. Light, and named for him. A post office called Lightsville was established in 1886, and remained in operation until 1907.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Pavlodar (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the city of Pavlodar. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
The Regional School Unit 1 (RSU 1) in Bath, Maine, includes seven public schools that were part of the Bath School Department:
Dike-Newell School (grades K-2), Fisher-Mitchell School (grades 3–5),
Phippsburg Elementary (grades Pre-K-5),
Woolwich Central School ( Grades Pre-K-8),
West Bath School (grades Kindergarten-5),
Bath Middle School (grades 6–8),
Morse High School (grades 9–12),
Bath Regional Career and Technical Center.
In 2016, the Bath School Department was consolidated with other area schools (West Bath, Phippsburg and Woolwich) to form RSU 1 .
References
External links
http://www.rsu1.org/
Education in Sagadahoc County, Maine
Bath, Maine
School districts in Maine
This Gun for Hire is a 1991 American TV movie. It is an adaptation of A Gun for Sale by Graham Greene which had been filmed several times previously, notably with Alan Ladd in 1942. It was directed by Lou Antonio for the USA Network. It starred Robert Wagner who in 2000 said it was one of his favorite roles.
Cast
Robert Wagner
Nancy Everhard
Patrik Baldauff
Lenore Banks
James Borders
Dean Cochran
George Jones
Fredric Lehne
Joe Warfield
Reception
The Vancouver Sun said "the unlikely romance between Wagner and his stripper hostage, played by Nancy Everhard, never ignites. Wagner's cold and wooden presence only makes Everhard's efforts to seduce him appear ridiculously contrived." The reviewer added what makes the fl "worth watching is a wonderful performance by John Harkins."
The Chicago Tribune wrote "Many viewers may, in fact, find themselves made uncomfortable as they watch the sleek and sophisticated Wagner try to get down and dirty."
References
External links
This Gun for Hire at IMDb
This Gun for Hire at Letterbox DVD
1991 television films
1991 films
American television films
Films directed by Lou Antonio
Fandiño is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Iván Fandiño (1980–2017), Spanish bullfighter
Martha Isabel Fandiño Pinilla (born 1956), Colombian-Italian mathematician
Soledad Fandiño (born 1982), Argentine actress
Spanish-language surnames
Jean Nicolas Houchard (24 January 1739 – 17 November 1793) was a French General of the French Revolution and the French Revolutionary Wars.
Biography
Born at Forbach in Lorraine, Houchard began his military career at the age of sixteen in the Régiment de Royal-Allemand cavalerie. He became a captain in the Bourbon-Dragons regiment in Corsica and took part in the Battle of Ponte Novu against rioters led by Pasquale Paoli, receiving a deep sabre cut across his cheek and a gunshot wound to his mouth which left him disfigured.
Houchard was a fervent patriot (supporter of the French Revolution). Phipps describes Houchard as "Brave & stupid... Tall, brave, a proved 'patriot'". In 1792, he was colonel of a regiment of Chasseurs-à-cheval in the army of General Custine. On 11 April 1793 Houchard was appointed as Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the Moselle and when Custine was guillotined, Houchard replaced him in August as Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the North.
Assessment
Custine prophesied that the command of an army would be "an evil present" to him. Houchard himself was fully aware that it could be a fatal command, and his confidence was thus shaken "is there any more cruel position than this?” he wrote At the head of the army he became dejected, and let the Representatives have a free hand, over-riding his bold plan. At Hondschoote he failed to exert control over any except Jourdan's column, and spread his forces twice when concentration on Walmoden's left would have given decisive victory. He was "In his element" leading the charge of a cavalry regiment. After Hondschoote he failed to organise an effective pursuit, "cowed" by the minor check at Rexpoede. Then he was denounced as incapable, not without reason. "The army, which knew his faults, knew also his gallantry and his patriotism...”. In December 1792 Custine "had not enough knowledge of war and he owed much to the advice of his lieutenant, Houchard, who was a bold and capable head of an advanced guard". His appointment to command the 'Moselle' was "probably done to please Custine; he, however, considered it was a harmful present to Houchard, who, he feared, would fail in the command on an army. Custine certainly could judge men, and he was right in this case, for all who knew the worthy old Houchard considered him as lost when given a charge so much beyond his powers".
Custine stated – “'The conduct of two armies is beyond Houchard's power, and the conduct of one army would be above his power if he were not guided'. Unfortunately this was published, and Houchard, whilst not asking to be given any command beyond that of the 'Moselle', felt the slur the more that undoubtedly his advice had been of use to the General that now denied his fitness to command at all". "The conviction that 'the soldier is good' permeated so much of the discussion of victory and defeat that it rose to the level of dogma… 'I say to you with the truthfulness of a true republican,… the soldiers are good, but the cowardice and crass ignorance of the officer has taught them cowardice.' This characteristic criticism came from the pen of General Houchard, soon to suffer death for his own failures". "There was nothing aristocratic about Houchard. He rose from the ranks as an officer of fortune, reaching the rank of captain in 1779, after twenty-four years of service. When war broke out in 1792, Captain Houchard climbed the ladder of promotion rapidly and followed Custine as chief of the Nord on 1 August. Unfortunately, Houchard soon revealed himself to be a man of limited capacity… Houchard paid for failure with his life… he went to the scaffold in November not for treachery but for incompetence. By his arrest and execution the Convention made it clear that it demanded ability as well as loyalty from its officers".
Trial and execution
He was the main protagonist of the French victories at the battle of Hondschoote against British forces under the Duke of York and at the battle of Menin against Dutch forces under the Prince of Orange. Despite the French victories, Houchard was censured for failing to pursue the enemy and he was arrested at Lille on 24 September 1793. When accused of cowardice by the Revolutionary Tribunal, Houchard replied "Read my answer!", while tearing his shirt off and showing his many battle wounds. Houchard returned to his seat and kept repeating to himself: "The bastard! He called me coward... he called me coward!". However, the tribunal found him guilty, and Houchard was guillotined in Paris on 17 November 1793 (26 Brumaire, Year II).
References
.
.
1739 births
1793 deaths
People from Forbach
Military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French Republican military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French people executed by guillotine during the French Revolution
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Parapsestis meleagris is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Constant Vincent Houlbert in 1921. It is found in the Chinese provinces of Jilin, Shaanxi, Gansu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangxi, Hubei, Hunan, Sichuan, Guizhou and Yunnan.
References
Moths described in 1921
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
In enzymology, a trans-epoxysuccinate hydrolase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
trans-2,3-epoxysuccinate + H2O meso-tartrate
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are trans-2,3-epoxysuccinate and H2O, whereas its product is meso-tartrate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on ether bonds (ether hydrolases). The systematic name of this enzyme class is trans-2,3-epoxysuccinate hydrolase. Other names in common use include trans-epoxysuccinate hydratase, and tartrate epoxydase. This enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism.
References
EC 3.3.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Sélestat station (French: Gare de Sélestat) is a railway station serving the commune of Sélestat, Bas-Rhin department, France. It is located at the junction of the Strasbourg–Basel railway with the branch lines towards Molsheim and Lièpvre. The station is owned and operated by SNCF, in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TER trains.
References
Railway stations in Bas-Rhin
Railway stations in France opened in 1840
Lyon Zoo (fr. Zoo de Lyon, also known as Jardin zoologique de Lyon, or Zoo du Parc de la Tête d'Or) is a zoo in France located in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes inside parc de la Tête d'Or in the town of Lyon.
The zoo was founded 1858 by Claude-Marius Vaïsse (8 July 1799 – 8 August 1864), a French lawyer who joined the administration of the July Monarchy.
The zoo presents 300 animals from 66 Species
Lyon Zoo is member of EAZA.
References
See also
Parc de la Tête d'Or
Zoos in France
Zoos established in 1858
Buildings and structures in Lyon
Tourist attractions in Lyon
Organizations based in Lyon
Elvir Rahimić (born 4 April 1976) is a Bosnian football coach and former professional player who spent the majority of his career playing for Russian Premier League club CSKA Moscow. He is currently a coach for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Club career
Rahimić started his career with the football club Slaven Živinice in his hometown Živinice. In 1994, he was signed by NK Bosna. In 1997, Rahimić moved to Slovenia for Interblock Ljubljana, then Austrian side SK Vorwärts Steyr before he moved to Russia.
The greatest accomplishment for Rahimić has been winning the 2005 UEFA Cup (by beating Sporting Lisbon 3–1 in the Final at Estádio José Alvalade) and participation in the 2005 UEFA Super Cup.
Rahimić is one of the most decorated Bosnian players, having won 18 trophies with CSKA Moscow during his 12-year spell with the club.
In January 2013 Rahimić passed the category A coaching license exam, and was appointed as a player-coach at CSKA. Rahimić announced he would retire from the game at the end of the 2013–14 season on 13 May 2014.
International career
Rahimić was born in Bosnia and was initially invited to play for Uzbekistan (where it was a common practice to invite Russian-speaking foreigners in 2000-2001). All in all, Rahimić opted for his homeland and made his debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina on 2 June 2007 in a win against Turkey. Including his debut match, he played six in UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying. He also played in 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification where Bosnia reached play-off stage of the competition, as well as UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying.
He has earned a total of 40 caps, scoring no goals. His final international was an August 2013 friendly match against the United States.
Career statistics
Club
Source:
1Includes UEFA Europa League and UEFA Champions League.
2Includes Russian Super Cup, Russian Premier League Cup and UEFA Super Cup.
Honours
Bosna Visoko
Second League of Bosnia and Herzegovina: 1995–96 (North)
CSKA Moscow
Russian Premier League: 2003, 2005, 2006, 2012–13, 2013–14
Russian Cup: 2001–02, 2004–05, 2005–06, 2007–08, 2008–09, 2010–11, 2012–13
Russian Super Cup: 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2013
UEFA Cup: 2005
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Živinice
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina people of Uzbekistani descent
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
NK Bosna Visoko players
NK IB 1975 Ljubljana players
SK Vorwärts Steyr players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
UEFA Cup winning players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Slovenian Second League players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Russian First League players
Russian Premier League players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Russia
S. Donna Geernaert is the chancellor of Mount Saint Vincent University located in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian university and college chancellors
Mount Saint Vincent University
Canadian women academics
Women academic administrators
Canadian academic administrators
Odell is a township in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. The 2020 census recorded one person living in the township.
In New Hampshire, locations, grants, townships (which are different from towns), and purchases are unincorporated portions of a county which are not part of any town and have limited self-government (if any, as many are uninhabited).
History
The township takes its name from Richard Odell of Conway, who bought from the state in 1834 for $1,863.
Geography
Odell is bounded to the west by Stratford, to the south by Stark, to the east by Dummer and Millsfield, and to the north by Erving's Location and Columbia.
A substantial portion of the state-owned Nash Stream Forest lies within the township. There are three mountains, each having elevations above : Muise Mountain, Whitcomb Mountain and Long Mountain, whose two summits are the two highest points in Odell, at above sea level each. There are only a few rough roads and no highways here.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of , of which are land and , or 1.53%, are water. The west side of the township drains to Nash Stream, while the east side drains to Phillips Brook. Both are south-flowing tributaries of the Upper Ammonoosuc River and part of the Connecticut River watershed.
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 5 people, 4 households, and 1 family residing in the township. There were 73 housing units at an average density of 1.6 per square mile (0.6/km). The racial makeup of the township was 100.00% White.
There were 4 households, out of which 1 was a married couple living together and 3 were non-families. 3 households were made up of individuals, and 2 had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.25 and the average family size was 2.00.
In the township the population was spread out, with 1 person from 18 to 24, 1 person from 25 to 44, 1 person from 45 to 64, and 2 people who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 50 years. For every 100 females, there were 66.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 66.7 males.
References
Townships in Coös County, New Hampshire
Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area
Townships in New Hampshire
The men's 3000 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–11.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 5 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Final
References
Results
3000
3000 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
The Bradford trolleybus system served the city of Bradford, Yorkshire, England for much of the 20th century. It was one of the first two trolleybus systems to be opened in the United Kingdom, along with the Leeds system.
Both systems commenced operations on 20 June 1911. However, the public service on the Bradford system did not start until four days later. The Bradford system lasted the longest of all the UK's urban trolleybus systems. Having been one of the first two such systems to open, it was also the last one to close, on 26 March 1972. Just before its closure, it was also the longest-lived surviving trolleybus system in the world, but with the Bradford closure that distinction passed to the Shanghai, China, trolleybus system, opened in 1914.
Many of the former Bradford trolleybuses are now preserved at various locations around the UK, including eleven of them at the Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Lincolnshire.
See also
Transport in Bradford
List of trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
Bradford Trolleybus Association
National Trolleybus Archive
British Trolleybus Society, based in Reading
National Trolleybus Association, based in London
Trolleybuses
Defunct trolleybus systems by city
Trolleybus transport in the United Kingdom
The Rub Rabbits!, known in Japan as , is a minigame compilation video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It was first released in Japan on October 20, 2005, and was later released in Europe on February 10, 2006, and in North America three days later. It is a prequel to Feel the Magic: XY/XX.
Plot
The premise of the game is that the player's female love interest gets into perilous situations or is placed out of reach from the male protagonist. A minigame must be completed in order to rescue her, or sometimes, get the male protagonist out of trouble. All of these minigames require use of the stylus, and the DS to be held in a certain way, even upside-down. Some require use of the DS's built-in microphone.
Gameplay
Some examples of these minigames are:
The male protagonist runs up a downward moving escalator, and must avoid Sumo wrestlers along the way by moving left and right. There is a similar variation where he paddles up a river avoiding giant crocodiles.
The mysterious girl in lavender ties the protagonist to a chair and throws various food items at him. He must avoid eating the purple cakes, but can eat the other morsels like pizzas and white-iced cakes.
The female love interest performs yoga, while the male protagonist tries to keep a sweet-smelling rose within the range of her sense of smell.
The player's performance is graded as an amount of 'Hearts', which are given at the end of a minigame depending on how well they did.
There are a few multiplayer minigames which involve four differently coloured protagonists competing over the love interest, such as an elimination based game of catching an ever-growing beach ball which eventually explodes, and log rafting while trying to rescue the female from the water, while trying to steal her from other player's log rafts.
Reception
The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of two eights, one seven, and one nine for a total of 32 out of 40.
Detroit Free Press gave it a score of three stars out of four and stated, "The music here and the design all are distinctly Japanese, with crazy refrains like "Rub it!" being shouted all the time. Don't ask me to explain. Just pick up and enjoy." However, The A.V. Club gave it a C+, saying that "True love takes more than moony-eyed flirting; Sega needs to get the mechanics right to make the magic happen." The Sydney Morning Herald gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five, stating that the game is "inventive, creative and strangely compelling, but the more difficult tasks can be frustrating and its lasting appeal is limited." The Times gave it one star out of five and called it "mind-bogglingly shallow".
References
External links
2005 video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Romance video games
Sega video games
Sonic Team games
Video game prequels
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in Japan
The Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 18 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 11:18.
Final
The final was held at 19:47.
References
Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay
Fukashi may refer to:
Fukashi, a Japanese fortress captured during the 16th-century Siege of Fukashi
Fukashi, a stick-like wagashi made in Kawagoe, Saitama from wheat bran coated in brown sugar
People
, Japanese anime producer and head of the marketing and business development in the TV Tokyo organization department
Fukashi Minamimura (1917–1990), Japanese baseball player
, Japanese kickboxer
, Japanese acquitted victim from the assassination of Empress Myeongseong
Fictional characters
, a character from the novel Subete ga F ni Naru
Japanese masculine given names
Scott Alderdice is a Shakespearean director, writer, media producer and acting lecturer currently based at the University of Southern Queensland in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. He is a graduate of the Victorian College of the Arts and currently the Theatre Co-ordinator for the university's School of Creative Arts.
Mr Alderdice is also the Director of Creative Events for the USQ Artsworx SiTP Festival Management Team, a position which enables him to direct the University of Southern Queensland's Shakespeare in the Park Festival, held annually since 2004. Scott has directed the main productions of Hamlet (2004), Macbeth (2007), Romeo and Juliet (2008) A Midsummer Night's Dream (2011) and upcoming production Macbeth (2019).
Among these plays, Mr Alderdice is also the director of production Love and Information (2019).
References
Australian theatre directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Below is a list of foreign ministers of the Republic of Namibia. The respective ministry, named Ministry of Foreign Affairs since independence, was renamed Ministry of International Relations and Cooperation at the start of the 2015–2020 legislative period.
1990–2002: Theo-Ben Gurirab
2002–2004: Hidipo Hamutenya
2004–2010: Marco Hausiku
2010–2012: Utoni Nujoma
2012–present: Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah
References
Foreign ministers
Foreign ministers
Foreign
Namibia
Large and complex financial institutions (LCFI) is a polite term for the bulge bracket banks. The context is that of systemic risk, a topic of particular concern to central banks, financial regulators and the Bank for International Settlements.
Most central bankers have had to deal with a large institution going bust, like Barings did in 1995. The main issue with a retail bank is to ensure that depositors are protected, but the regulators' main concern with a merchant bank is to ensure that there isn't a damaging loss of confidence in the banking system, and that all the trades, transactions and derivatives are wound up in an orderly way. If they are not, and all the traders and investors are suddenly forced to meet their obligations or liquidate their positions on the same day, there would be a crisis in the market and many institutions, rather than just the one, would probably go bust or at least suffer substantial losses in a dangerous spiral of falling prices and forced selling.
This is the background story to Long-Term Capital Management: there are many published articles on why that particular hedge fund failed, but very few on the systemic risk of all LTCM's counterparties attempting to unwind their positions at once. This is why the Federal Reserve Bank of New York intervened and organised a $3 billion bailout.
Worse, at least one major European bank had 'hedged' or laid off risk on a significant percentage of its trading book by derivatives trades with LTCM but was a significant investor in LTCM itself. In other words, they had sold on the risks to LTCM, while buying back into them. Even without such errors, there is the worry that positions we think are hedged (effectively 'insured' against adverse market movements) might lose that protection when the counterparty who sold us those derivatives goes broke. An event which would, by its very nature, occur on the very day the markets go crazy.
Nobody knows what would happen if one of the world's largest banks became severely distressed and was forced to suspend trading, except to say that it would be far worse than long-term capital management: firstly, because they have ongoing trades with every significant market player, everywhere; secondly, because the sums of money are so much larger. A bulge-bracket bank will, on any given day, have over a ten trillion dollars of open trades on the foreign exchange markets and in derivatives.
Fortunately, there are regulatory measures to limit the risk of failure in a Large and Complex Financial Institution. All banks operate under the Basel Capital Accords, set up by the Bank for International Settlements, and their 'Risk' departments enforce "BIS 1" and nowadays the "BIS 2" risk accounting regimes. These are complex sets of rules allowing the bank – and its regulators – to know how much money is at risk in trading positions, no matter how complex, and how much 'regulatory' capital' must be set aside as a buffer against each trade going sour. Further, there can be no concentration of risk with one counterparty, no matter how large they may be.
That last measure – the counterparty risk limit – is every market player's best protection against the failure of a trading partner. And if that player was the only company hit by their trading partner's bankruptcy, or one of a few dozen players caught in the same position, they would all be safe. But we still don't know what will happen if every market player, everywhere and in every market took the same hit. Which is, of course, the perfect description of 'systemic risk'.
Banking
Kızılcaören, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
İymir, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Jade Jones (born 12 February 1979) is a British R&B singer turned chef. He is best known for being the lead singer of the band Damage. He was born to a Jamaican father and a British mother.
After leaving Damage, Jones joined CherryBlackStone, which appeared on Channel 4's Bo in the USA. In 2006, he participated in and went on to win the Channel 4 reality show The Games.
Jones left CherryBlackStone in 2008 following his son's birth and became a full-time trainee chef.
In 2014, Jones appeared with three of the original Damage members—Rahsaan J Bromfield, Andrez Harriott and Noel Simpson—in the second series of The Big Reunion on ITV2.
Personal life
Since 1998, he has been in an on/off relationship with Spice Girls singer Emma Bunton. The couple became engaged on 21 January 2011. The couple have two children, born on 10 August 2007, and born on 6 May 2011. Jones and Bunton married on 13 July 2021.
References
Living people
Singers from London
20th-century Black British male singers
British contemporary R&B singers
People from Finchley
Reality show winners
English chefs
Emma Bunton
English people of Jamaican descent
1979 births
Njan Salperu Ramankutty () is a 2004 Indian Malayalam language film directed by Anil Babu and starring Jayaram and Gayatri Jayaraman.
Plot
Ramankutty (Jayaram), a teacher in the village school is known as "salperu" (i.e. good reputation). Ramankutty's uncles- Narayanan, Madhavan, Velayudhan and Shankaran
are in a competition to get Ramankutty to marry their respective daughters. Ramankutty agrees to marry his uncle Velayudhan's daughter. Madhavan's daughter Sangeetha arrives from Mumbai and seeing her, Ramankutty changes his mind. On the eve of the marriage Ramankutty's reputation is shattered. Life becomes hell.
Cast
Jayaram... Ramankutty
Gayatri Jayaraman… Sangeetha
Janardanan… Narayanan
Jagathi Sreekumar... Madhavan
Lalu Alex… Velayudhan
Maniyanpilla Raju… Sankaran
Kaviyoor Ponnamma aa Ramankutty's Mother
Karthika
Urmila Unni
Suja Karthika as Ramankutty's sister
Boban Alumoodan
Nirosha… Dakshayani
Paravoor Bharathan… Kunjambu
Kottayam Nazir… Himself
Mala Aravindan… Qadir
Thesni Khan...as Ramankutty's first younger sister
Binda
References
2004 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam cinema
Films scored by Raveendran
Clare Booth (born 19 September 1964 at Liverpool) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
See also
Winter Olympics
References
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Liverpool
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Tiracola aureata is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1989. It is found from India and from China to Sundaland.
References
Hadeninae
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M12".
Lines
Anan Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 24.5 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line, the Muroto limited express service between and stops at the station. The Home Express Anan, a one-way only evening limited express service from terminates at Anan.
Layout
The station consists of 2 side platforms serving two tracks. A siding and a passing loop branch off track 2 and run on the other side of platform 2. The present station building, completed in 2003 is a structure where passenger facilities are located on a bridge which spans the tracks.
The main station entrance is on the west side of the tracks from where elevators and escalators lead to the bridge structure on level 2 which houses ticket gates, a waiting area, a JR ticket window (without a Midori no Madoguchi facility) and a JR travel centre (Warp Plaza). From the bridge, separate escalators and elevators connect to both platforms.
On level 1 near the main entrance on the west side are toilets and tenantable shop space. A large designated parking area for bicycles is located nearby.
On the east side of the tracks, the hashigami bridge structure also connects to a neighbouring building as well as a second station entrance from road. Another bicycle parking area and parking lots for cars are available near this entrance.
Adjacent stations
History
Anan Station was opened on 27 March 1936 by Japanese Government Railways (JGR) under the name . It was an intermediate station during the first phase of the construction of the Mugi Line when a track was built from to . On 1 November 1966, the name of the station was changed to Anan. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the Station.
In November 2003, the present station building, incorporating a hashigami design, was completed and opened.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 1614 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Hall
Anan City Cultural Center (Dream Hall)
Anan City Commerce and Industry Promotion Center
Anan Chamber of Commerce
Anan City Tomioka Elementary Schooll
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Anan Station (JR Shikoku)
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1936
Anan, Tokushima
Coletown is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A former variant name of Coletown was Coleville. Coleville was laid out in 1848. The railroad station at Coletown was called Mount Heron. A post office called Mount Heron was established in 1847, and remained in operation until 1914.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
William County, Virginia is an incorrect term for:
Prince William County, Virginia
King William County, Virginia
Pomaderris vacciniifolia, commonly known as round-leaf pomaderris, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rhamnaceae and is endemic to Victoria in Australia. It is a shrub with softly-hairy branchlets, elliptic leaves and panicles of creamy-white flowers.
Description
Pomaderris vacciniifolia is a shrub that typically grows to a height of , its branchlets densely covered with soft, greyish, star-shaped hairs. The leaves are elliptic, mostly long and wide. The upper surface of the leaves is glabrous and the lower surface is densely covered with soft, whitish, star-shaped hairs. There are stipules long at the base of the leaves, but that fall off as the leaf matures. The flowers are borne in panicles long, each flower on a pedicel . The flowers are creamy-white and covered with soft, greyish, star-shaped hairs. The sepals are long, and fall off as the flower matures and the petals are long but fall off as the flowers open. Flowering occurs in October.
Taxonomy
Pomaderris vacciniifolia was first formally described in 1858 by Siegfried Reissek in the journal Linnaea: Ein Journal für die Botanik in ihrem ganzen Umfange from specimens collected by Ferdinand von Mueller near Watts River.
Distribution and habitat
Round-leaf pomaderris grows in moist forest and scrub, mostly in the upper and midle catchments of the Yarra River between Healesville, Eltham and Flowerdale.
Conservation status
Pomaderris vacciniifolia is classified as "critically endangered" under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 and as "endangered" under the Victorian Government Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988. The main threats to the species include weed invasion, grazing by herbivores and road maintenance.
In 2008, the plant's conservation status was highlighted when it was revealed that several plants had branches removed during construction of the North–South Pipeline.
According to Melbourne Museum, the only significant remaining wild population of the round-leaf pomaderris is at Toolangi, about north east of Melbourne. Factors in the decline of the species include browsing by feral deer, land clearing, and the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires.
References
vacciniifolia
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1858
Ghundi Run is a 2007 Pakistani Punjabi language film, directed by Pervez Rana. It was released across theaters in Pakistan on October 14, 2007.
Music is by Ustad Tafu, film song lyrics by Altaf Bajwa and the playback singer is Naseebo Lal.
It was an average film and was not highly successful at the box-office.
References
Punjabi-language Pakistani films
2007 films
2000s Punjabi-language films
Agan Koja (1892-1929) was an Albanian Muslim cleric and political activist from Plav, present-day Montenegro. He was a member of the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo and fought as kachak against Yugoslav border troops after 1919 when his home region became part of Yugoslavia. He was killed by Yugoslav agents in Tropojë in 1929. In 1992, on the 80th anniversary of the declaration of independence of Albania he was honored with the Order of Freedom (1st Class) of Albania.
He was born in Prnjavor, Plav most likely in 1892, although on his gravestone 1885 is marked as his year of birth. He studied Islamic theology and was the imam of Plav before WWI. In WWI, he was a ranked officer in the Austro-Hungarian army. In 1918, as the war was coming to its end and many Albanians who opposed Austro-Hungarian occupation had been imprisoned, he disarmed Austro-Hungarian troops in Plav and killed their commander. The weapons were distributed to the locals to prepare against a future Yugoslav annexation. Koja joined Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo and was a member of the local Plav-Gusinje committee. After the assassination of Ismail Nikoçi in 1919, he took the leadership of the refugees who had fled to Albania after the Yugoslav army attacked the region. In Albania, Agan Koja settled in the area of Tropojë close to the new border between Albania and Yugoslavia. He led a group of kachaks who fought against the Yugoslav army in the borderlands. In one such skirmish, his group executed four Yugoslav officers and disarmed 50 conscripts. In Tropojë, Koja became the imam in a local mosque. The Yugoslav government place a bounty for his killing - like for many other kachaks. He was assassinated in Tropoja in 1929. He is a considered a local hero in Sandzak among both Albanians and Bosniaks.
Notes
References
Sources
1892 births
1929 deaths
19th-century Albanian people
20th-century Albanian people
People from Plav, Montenegro
20th-century Albanian military personnel
Albanians in Montenegro
In the 1993–94 football season, Valencia CF failed to qualify for European competition as it ended 7th in La Liga and wasn't able to reach the quarterfinals in neither the Copa del Rey nor the UEFA Cup. The campaign was marked by the latter's 7–0 exit in Karlsruhe, the worst loss suffered by a Spanish team in European competition, and included the resignation of chairman Arturo Tuzón and the sacking of manager Guus Hiddink. However, Hiddink was eventually reinstated before the season was over after his own successor, Héctor Núñez, was also fired.
Squad
Transfers
Competitions
La Liga
League table
Table progression
Results
Copa del Rey
UEFA Cup
Statistics
Players statistics
Chronology
July
Thursday, 1 — Hiddink denies knowing about Barcelona's alleged interest in Fernando but say they would listen an interesting offer.
References
Valencia CF seasons
Valencia
Opet is a Turkish petroleum company engaged in the sale of commercial and industrial fuels, mineral oils, retail sales, warehousing and international sales. Opet Petroleum's roots date back to the fuel distribution company "Ozturk Petrol" founded by Ozturk Family.
Having a 50% partnership with Koç Holding Energy Group as of the end of 2002, Opet has focused on infrastructure investments since its inception. The company's warehousing capacity has reached 1.076.318 cubic meters as of 2010. Opet is the first firm ever to have brought 98 octane unleaded fuel to Turkey and introduced Ultra Euro Diesel fuel to Turkish consumers before it was launched in the European market. As the 2nd largest fuel-oil distribution company in Turkey, Opet has more than 1500 gas stations throughout the country, including those under its SUNPET brand.
As of 2015, Opet has received the 'best in customer satisfaction' award for 10 consecutive years.
Turkish Opet Aviation Fuels
THY Opet was founded in 2009 as a 50-50 partnership between Turkish Airlines and Opet. The company operates in the aircraft fuel storage and refueling business. As of 2013, Fortune 500 Turkey ranked Turkish Opet as the 25th largest company in the country.
References
External links
www.opet.com.tr
www.thyopet.com
Energy companies established in 1992
Oil and gas companies of Turkey
Companies listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange
Koç family
Turkish brands
Turkish companies established in 1992
Aerzen is a municipality in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated southwest of Hamelin, and north of Bad Pyrmont.
Economy
One of the biggest employers in the region is Aerzener Maschinenfabrik GmbH., a manufacturer of blowers and compressors. As of April 2008, they had an estimated 1000 employees.
Notable people
Börries von Münchhausen (civil servant) (1587-1646), secret Kammerrat, mortgage holder of the Office Aerzen
Gustav Karl Wilhelm Siemens (1806-1874), member of the National Assembly in Frankfurt
August Heissmeyer (1897-1979), Obergruppenführer and General of the Waffen SS
References
Hameln-Pyrmont
The 1996 Missouri lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1996. Democratic incumbent Roger B. Wilson defeated Republican nominee Bill Kenney with 53.52% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Roger B. Wilson, Democratic
Bill Kenney, Republican
Other candidates
Jeanne Bojarski, Libertarian
Patricia A. Griffard, Natural Law
Results
References
1996
Missouri
Gubernatorial
Sabaneyev (Сабане́ев) or Sabaneev is a Russian Surname. It may refer to:
Boris Leonidovich Sabaneyev (1880–1917), Russian composer
Leonid Sabaneyev (1881–1968), Russian musicologist, music critic, composer and scientist
Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev (1844–1898), Russian zoologist
Russian-language surnames
The Wildlife Monographs is a peer-reviewed scientific journal devoted to the ecology of non-domesticated animal species. It is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of The Wildlife Society.
See also
Journal of Wildlife Management
Wildlife Society Bulletin
External links
Publications established in 1958
Ecology journals
English-language journals
Alberto Bragaglia (January 26, 1896 - April 30, 1985) was an Italian Futurist painter.
Further reading
References
1896 births
1985 deaths
People from Frosinone
20th-century Italian painters
The men's 10,000 metres walk event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 22 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
10,000 metres walk
Racewalking at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Boulsin is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,807.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Alikulikyand may refer to:
Hartashen, Syunik, Armenia
Əliquluuşağı, Azerbaijan
The Greek Catholic Eparchy of Mukachevo is an eparchy (diocese) associated with the Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church under an unidentified status and territory located in the west of Ukraine, roughly equivalent with Zakarpatska Oblast. The eparchy was created by the Pope Clement XIV in 1771.
The eparchy is in full communion with the Catholic Church. Its parishes observe the Byzantine Rite which is also celebrated by the majority of Orthodox Christians, and as provided for in the original terms of the Union of Uzhhorod.
The eparchy is a mother eparchy of at least four modern metropoles, i.e., the Slovak Greek Catholic Church, the Romanian Greek Catholic Church, the Hungarian Greek Catholic Church, and the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh in the United States.
History
Some historians believe that the origins of the eparchy are to be found in the missionary work of Saints Cyril and Methodius in the ninth century. The 14th century saw the founding of the famous Saint Nicholas Monastery on "Chernecha Hora" or "Hill of Monks" located in the city of Mukachevo. Many believe that from that point, the Eparchy of Mukachevo evolved into the entity as we know it today. The bishops resided at the Monastery and administered ecclesiastical affairs from there until 1766. After the union with Rome and until 1946, the Monastery of St Nicholas was also the principal religious house of the monks of the Order of Saint Basil the Great (OSBM), also called Basilian monks.
The bishops, clergy and faithful of this eparchy were originally Orthodox Christians at some point were reconstituted under an eparchy suffragan to the original Metropolitan of Kiev (Rhosia Orthodox Church) that was under the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Constantinople (see Eparchy of Mukačevo and Prešov).
In 1646, following the example of their compatriots across the Carpathian Mountains in Galicia (current day Western Ukraine), who in 1596 established the Union of Brest, the people of the Mukachevo eparchy united with the papal Holy See (recognizing the primacy of Catholic Rome, not Byzantine, Orthodox 'second Rome' Constantinople) under what is known as the Union of Uzhhorod. Other Eastern Orthodox Christians who belonged to the original Eastern Orthodox eparchy of Mukachevo and refused to convert joined the eparchy of Buda that is suffragan to the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć (and later Patriarchate of Karlovci).
In the political and spiritual climate of the day, union with Rome was considered by many to be a productive solution to promoting both the welfare of the people and the church. Following a model similar to that proposed at the Council of Florence, the people were allowed to maintain their Byzantine Rite spiritual, liturgical and canonical traditions, while recognizing the Roman Pontiff as the head of the universal church. From 1646 to 1771 the eparchy was suffragan to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Eger.
On September 19, 1771, after decades of efforts on the part of the bishops of Mukachevo for recognition as a fully self-governing ecclesiastical entity, free from the control of the Latin Catholic bishops of Eger (today in Hungary), the Habsburg Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa issued a decree, subsequently approved by Rome, that created a jurisdictionally independent Mukachevo Eparchy no longer subordinate to the Latin Rite ordinary. It was also at this time that the faithful of the eparchy formally became known as Greek Catholics. During the episcopate of Bishop Andrii Bachynskyij (1772-1809), the eparchy retained its historic name but its seat was moved to Uzhhorod (1780), where it remains to this day. The Cathedral of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross in Uzhhorod is the seat of the eparchy.
Following the Second World War and the occupation of Carpatho-Ukraine by the Soviet regime, the Greek Catholic Church was liquidated in 1949. All properties were allocated to the Russian Orthodox Church and the clergy and many faithfuls exiled to concentration camps. The bishop of Mukachevo during this time was Theodore Romzha. In 1947, Bishop Romzha was poisoned by NKVD (predecessor of the KGB) authorities. During the Soviet years, the Greek Catholic Church in Galicia, Transcarpathia and Slovakia continued to operate secretly in the underground.
With the collapse of the Soviet Union, many priests and faithful of the Eparchy of Mukachevo came out of the catacombs. The eparchy was allowed to officially renew its activities in 1989. Bishop Ivan Semedi, who had been secretly consecrated during the persecution years, was the first bishop to freely perform his ministry in over 40 years.
Bishops
The list of the eparchs (bishops) of the Greek Catholic Eparchy of Mukachevo is:
Eastern Orthodox bishops
Hierotheos, 940
Joannes I, 1491-1498
Basilius I, 1551-1552
Hilarius I, 1556-1559
Euthymius I, 1561-1567
Amphilochius, 1569-1596
Basilius II, 1597-inc.
Sergius, 1601-1616
Sophronius I, 1616
Hilarius II
Euthymius II, 1618-inc.
Petronius, 1623-1627
Joannes II (Hrehorovych), 1627-1633
Basilius III (Tarasovych), 1634-1642
Porphyry (Arden), 1640—1643
Sophronius II (Yusko), 1646 (Vlach)
Basilius III (Tarasovych), 1646-1648
Parfeniy (Petrovych-Ratoszynski), 1648—1649
Joannicius (Zeikan), 1652—1686
Theophanes (Mavrokordato), 1677 (Archbishop of Hungarian Ruthenia)
Methodius (Rakovecki), 1687—1692
Joseph (Stojka), 1692—1711
Dosyteus (Feodorovych), 1711—1734
Greek Catholic bishops
after the 1646 Union of Uzhhorod the Eparchy of Mukachevo united with Rome
Vasyl Tarasovych, 1646-1648
Petro Parfenii, 1649-1665
Yosyf Voloshynovskyi, 1670-1673
Porphyriy Kulchynskyi, 1681-1686
Yosyf de Kamelis (Joseph de Camillis), 1690-1706
Yosyf Hodermarskyi, 1706-1716
Hennadiy Bizantsiy, 1716-1733
Stefan Olshavskyi, 1733-1737
Havryil Blazhovskyi, 1738–1742
Manuil Olshavskyi, 1743–1767
Ivan Bradach, 1767–1771
In 1771 the Eparchy of Mukachevo got his independence from the Latin bishop of Eger
Ivan Bradach, 1771–1772
Andriy Bachynskyi, 1773–1809
auxiliary bishop Mykhaylo Bradach, 1808–1812
Mykhaylo Bradach, Apostolic Administrator, 1812–1815
Oleksiy Povchiy, 1816–1831
Vasyl Popovych, 1837–1864
Stefan Pankovych, 1866–1874
Ivan Pasteliy, 1876–1891
Yuliy Firtsak, 1891–1912
coadjutor bishop Antal Papp, 1912
Antal Papp, 1912–1924
Petro Gebey, 1924–1931
Oleksandr Stoyka, 1932–1943
Miklós Dudás, Apostolic Administrator, 1943–1946
Bl. Teodor Romzha, 1944–1947
In 1949 the Communist Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic abolished the Greek Catholic Church; all its properties were allocated to the Russian Orthodox Church.
Clandestine Bishops
Alexander Chira, 1944–1983
Petro Oros, 1944–1953
Konstantyn Sabov, 1977–1982
Ivan Semedi, 1978–1991
Yosyf Holovach, 1983–1991
Ivan Margitych, 1987–1991
In 16 January 1991 the Holy See confirmed all clandestine consecrations
Ivan Semedi, 1991-2002
auxiliary bishop Yosyf Holovach, 1991–2000
auxiliary bishop Ivan Margitych, 1991–2002
auxiliary bishop Đura Džudžar, 2001–2003
Milan Šašik, Apostolic Administrator, 2002–2010
Milan Šašik, 2010–2020
auxiliary bishop Nil Lushchak, 2012–2020
Nil Lushchak, Apostolic Administrator, since 2020
Statistics
In 2014 the eparchy had 320,000 faithful, 2 bishops, 429 parishes, 280 diocesan priests, 30 religious priests, 44 men religious, 45 women religious, 0 deacons and 98 seminarians.
See also
Eparchy of Mukačevo and Prešov
Sources and external links
Official site
GigaCatholic
The Hierarchy of the Catholic Church
References
Further reading
Mukachevo
Zakarpattia Oblast
Eastern Catholic dioceses in Ukraine
History of Carpathian Ruthenia
Eastern Catholicism in Ukraine
Mukachevo
Captain William Newton Lancaster (14 February 1898 – 20 April 1933) was a pioneering British aviator.
Early life
Born in Birmingham, England, Lancaster emigrated to Australia prior to World War I. In 1916, he joined first the Australian Army and later the Australian Flying Corps. He remained in Britain after the war and joined the Royal Air Force, marrying Annie Maude Besant in 1919 and serving in India during the 1920s. He was promoted to flying officer from pilot officer on 30 April 1921.
England to Australia
In 1927, Lancaster transferred to the RAF Reserve (he continued to hold a commission until 30 April 1930), and decided to make a name for himself by flying from England to Australia. He made this flight in the Avro Avian Red Rose, accompanied by Australian Jessie "Chubbie" Miller, who helped finance the flight. It was at the time one of the longest flights made in such a small aircraft—although they were overtaken en route by Bert Hinkler in another Avian—and the first England–Australia flight by a woman. A huge crowd greeted them on arrival in Darwin, and on their subsequent tour around Australia.
In 1928 Lancaster and Miller moved to the United States on the promise of a Hollywood movie which was never made. Lancaster then made a living selling British aero engines, and Miller became an aviator in her own right, competing in the famous "Powder Puff Derby" of 1929.
Murder trial
In 1932, Lancaster had been in Mexico looking for work. At the same time, Haden Clarke, a male American writer, had been living in Lancaster and Miller's Florida home in order to assist Miller's writing of her autobiography. Clarke and Miller had developed a relationship in Lancaster's absence, and Clarke convinced Miller to leave Lancaster and marry him instead. Upon receipt of this news, Lancaster returned promptly to Florida.
On 20 April, Clarke was killed by a gunshot wound to the head. Despite that the gun was Lancaster's, and that he admitted forging suicide notes found at the scene (one addressed to Lancaster and another to Miller), forensic evidence provided by the prosecution was confusing to the jury.
Albert H. Hamilton, a criminologist with a somewhat dubious past, provided easy-to-understand testimony in Lancaster's favour. Additionally, even though Lancaster and Miller had dissolved their romance and partnership, Miller spoke in Lancaster's defence and the trial judge gave a summing up in his favour.
Lancaster was acquitted of murder after 5 hours of deliberation. It is regarded that although the evidence was in doubt, a main factor in Lancaster's acquittal was his calm, straightforward, gentlemanly demeanor in the courtroom; and the portrayal of the victim as depressive, drug-addicted and suicidal. Public opinion may also have played its part in influencing the jury; indeed, at one point the behaviour of those in gallery became so unruly (cheering for Lancaster), that Judge Atkinson interrupted with a firm, "This is not a vaudeville show!"
Final flight
After the trial, Lancaster and Miller returned to England. Broke and friendless, Lancaster decided to attempt the hotly contested England-to-South Africa speed record. Purchasing the Avro Avian Southern Cross Minor from Charles Kingsford Smith, he departed England on 11 April 1933. As the Avian was considerably slower than other aircraft of the time, Lancaster would have to make very short stops and get very little sleep to have any hope of achieving the record.
Having got lost several times, having not slept for 30 hours and being ten hours behind his intended time, Lancaster departed from Reggane on the evening of 12 April to make a night crossing of the Sahara. The Avian's engine failed after less than an hour's flying, and he crash-landed in the desert far north of his expected flight path. Relatively uninjured and occasionally firing flares he awaited rescue. Searches by aircraft, however, were too far to the south, and a car searching from Reggane was also unsuccessful. He died eight days later, on 20 April 1933, exactly one year after Clarke's death. His final message, written on a fuel card on the morning of the 20th, was "So the beginning of the eighth day has dawned. It is still cool. I have no water. I am waiting patiently. Come soon please. Fever wracked me last night. Hope you get my full log. Bill"
Discovery
The crash site was discovered by French troops on 12 February 1962, approximately 170 miles south of Reggane in the Tanezrouft region. Lancaster's body had been mummified, and his diary and personal effects had survived intact. The diary was returned to Miller, who allowed it to be published. Lancaster was buried in Algeria.
The wreck of the Southern Cross Minor was recovered in 1975. It now resides in the Queensland Museum in Brisbane but is now held in storage and no longer on public display.
Popular culture
A TV miniseries called The Lancaster Miller Affair was made in Australia in 1985.
A season two episode titled "The Lost Desert Flyer" of the documentary TV series Vanishings! first aired in 2004.
The 2009 movie The Last Flight by Karim Dridi is based on the French novel Le dernier vol de Lancaster by Sylvain Estibal, which is loosely based on the real-life events surrounding the disappearance of Bill Lancaster.
In 2014 Andrew Lancaster premiered his 90min family documentary The Lost Aviator which challenges the Lancaster family as to whether Bill Lancaster was guilty of murder in Miami 1931.
In 2017, Carol Baxter's book The Fabulous Flying Mrs Miller: an Australian's true story of adventure, danger, romance and murder, which tells Bill and Chubbie's story, was published by Allen & Unwin, Sydney.
References
1898 births
1933 deaths
Australian aviators
Australian military personnel of World War I
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
British aviators
People acquitted of murder
Royal Air Force officers
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Algeria
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1933
Robert Ker, 2nd Duke of Roxburghe ( – 20 August 1755) was a Scottish peer.
Ker was the only son of the 1st Duke of Roxburghe and Lady Mary Finch, daughter of Daniel Finch, 2nd Earl of Nottingham, by his first wife Lady Essex Rich. On 24 May 1722 he was created Earl Ker, of Wakefield in the County of York, and Baron Ker, of Wakefield in the County of York (both in the Peerage of Great Britain).
On 16 June 1739 he married to his half-cousin Essex Mostyn, daughter of Sir Roger Mostyn, 3rd Baronet, and Essex Finch, daughter of above-mentioned Earl of Nottingham by his 2nd wife Hon. Anne Hatton. They had five children:
Lord John Ker, later 3rd Duke of Roxburghe
Lady Essex Ker (born 9 Mar 1742 – died an infant)
Lady Essex Ker (born 25 Mar 1744), a bridesmaid at Queen Charlotte's wedding 1761, died unmarried
Lady Mary Ker (born 17 Mar 1746), died unmarried
Lt. Col. Lord Robert Ker (27 Aug 1747 – 20 Mar 1781)
Robert Ker inherited his father's title in 1741 and died in 1755. He was succeeded by his eldest son John.
Ancestry
References
External links
1700s births
1755 deaths
2
Potbelly sculptures (Spanish barrigones pl. or barrigón sing.) are in-the-round sculptures of obese human figures carved from boulders. They are a distinctive element of the sculptural tradition in the southern Maya area of Mesoamerica. The precise purpose of potbelly sculptures is unknown, although they appear to have been the focus of public veneration and ritual directed by the ruling elite. Although this sculptural tradition is found within the southern Maya area, it has been recognized that the sculptures themselves are non-Maya.
Description
Potbelly monuments are generally crude in-the-round sculptures of extremely fat human figures; they are usually seated cross-legged and have enormous swollen stomachs gripped in the figure's arms and legs. The heads are round and normally have the eyes closed and possess puffy eyelids and prominent lips. The monuments are generally of indeterminate gender and are usually carved from porphyritic basalt, a kind of rock with a combination of large and small grains of mineral that is common along the foothills of Central America. There are occasional examples of potbelly figures crafted from other materials, such as pottery or from other types of rock.
There are variations on the potbelly theme including complete potbelly sculptures, headless potbellies, some of which may be deliberately headless, and potbelly sculptures that consist of only a bodiless head that are recognised as belonging to the style even though they have no potbelly body. Some potbelly sculptures are wearing collars or clothing while others are apparently naked. There are examples with very prominent navels while other sculptures have no emphasis on the navel at all. Some examples of potbelly sculpture have chest ornaments and some sculptures are seated on pedestals. There are examples of potbelly sculptures corresponding to the general type that are not so fat as is the norm.
Potbelly sculptures vary enormously in size and weight, from the smallest examples that can weigh as little as a few grams and measure to monuments that weigh 12 tons and measure .
Dating
The dating of potbelly sculptures has been problematic with few of the earlier known sculptures being found in their original context. Investigators from the 1950s through to the 1970s argued that the style was Olmec derived or perhaps pre-Olmec. Olmec culture is judged to have lasted from 1500 BC through to 400 BC based on radiocarbon dating. Investigations at Santa Leticia were focused on answering the dating problem and securely dated Santa Leticia Monuments 1 and 3 to between 500 BC and AD 100 using a combination of radiocarbon dating and ceramic evidence.
The dating of the monuments to the Late Preclassic indicate that the potbelly style may be a later derivative of earlier Olmec colossal heads, although it does not answer the question of the ethnicity of the sculptors. Potbelly monuments were sometimes reused by later peoples in the region, such as at Sin Cabezas, Copán and Teopán. Arguing against the theory of potbelly sculpture being an Olmec influenced art form is that the direction of diffusion of the style appears to have been from south to north, while the Olmec heartland lies to the north, on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, which would indicate an expected diffusion from north to south if the Olmecs were indeed the origin of the style.
Interpretation
Potbelly sculptures have been interpreted in a variety of manners. Investigators have theorised that potbelly sculptures represent dead ancestors. Alternatively, they have been associated with babies or with the poorly understood Fat God of Mesoamerican mythology. Potbelly monuments have also been associated with a group of supernatural entities associated with the domestic hearth. A further interpretation, based on the sculpture found at Teopán in western El Salvador, interprets potbelly figures as pregnant women at full term, possibly in the very act of giving birth.
One theory is that the sculptures represent deceased individuals with bloated bodies, closed eyes, distended bellies and puffed out faces. The position of the limbs on some monuments, although following the natural contours of the boulder, give an impression of the position of corpses found in later Maya burial bundles. It is possible that Pasaco Monument 2 and the potbelly from San Juan Sacatepéquez portray the placement of a jade bead in the mouth of the sculpture. Although it has been suggested that the monuments themselves are burial markers, only three sculptures have been found directly associated with human remains. One of these is a ceramic potbelly from Colha in Belize, the others are from Chalchuapa and Kaminaljuyu. However, since most potbelly monuments were not found in their original locations it is impossible to know whether they originally served as burial markers.
An alternative interpretation of potbelly monuments is that they were representations of rulership. This is suggested by the body position represented in the sculptures, the type of adornment sometimes depicted on them, the pedestals on which they sometimes sit and the ceremonial sites where they are found as well as their locations within such sites. The potbelly body position is symbolic of rulership; the figures are seated cross-legged and with the arms wrapping the body or holding an object. Twenty-five potbelly monuments are known to display a collar as neck jewellery, again suggestive of rulership. Pedestal bases are known from potbelly sculptures from Sin Cabezas, Antigua Guatemala, Kaminaljuyu, Santa Cruz del Quiché, Takalik Abaj, Tikal, Ujuxte, El Balsamo, Los Cerritos and La Nueva in Guatemala, Chalchuapa in El Salvador, and Copán in Honduras. This represents 42% of sites with potbelly sculptures. If pedestals are equivalent to thrones then Bilbao Monument 58 is also relevant, which was found associated with a four-legged stone altar or throne and may originally have been positioned on top of it.
The diversity of monuments falling within the potbelly sculptural tradition and the individuality of the monuments support the argument that the monuments represent individual rulers. The monuments may have been viewed by the ancient peoples of the region as a depiction of both rulership and their ancestors.
Distribution
Potbelly sculptures are distributed along the Pacific slope of southern Mesoamerica from Chiapas in Mexico, through Guatemala to El Salvador, as well as in the Guatemalan highlands. A few examples have been found further afield in the Maya lowlands of Guatemala and Honduras. A ceramic potbelly figure was found as far away as Colha in northern Belize and has been dated to c.880–600 BC, in the Middle Preclassic.
The core of the distribution area falls within a humid piedmont zone with the land consisting of volcanic soil and rubble carried down from the mountains, with naturally occurring basalt boulders of varying sizes that provided a practical raw material for sculpture. Potbelly sculptures are found in prominent ceremonial centres.
Chiapas (Mexico)
Guatemala
Examples have been found at many sites on the Pacific coast of Guatemala including Takalik Abaj, Monte Alto, Bilbao and El Baúl. The earliest examples of potbellied monuments have been dated to the Middle Preclassic, with the majority dating to the Late Preclassic.
Well-preserved examples of Late Preclassic potbelly sculptures have been found at Bilbao, on the coastal plain, and at Kaminaljuyu in the Guatemalan highlands. A small potbelly monument has been found at the major Maya city of Tikal in the lowlands of Petén in Guatemala.
There is some variation in the exact features, those at Kaminaljuyu have fat bodies with short, thick necks and large heads, sometimes wearing a wide collar. The faces are depicted with incised lines and are heavy and coarse. The legs curve around the body parallel to the ground and the arms are clasped against the torso with the elbows bent. Kaminaljuyu has the greatest concentration of potbelly sculptures in any site, with several of them found concentrated in the Palangana monument plaza.
Large potbelly monuments have been found at Giralda, a site from the Pacific coastline.
Potbelly sculptures from Sin Cabezas are stylistically related to Olmec sculpture but were reused by later peoples, being found in fill dating to the Late Classic period. The monuments at Sin Cabezas were headless when they were found and no fragments of the missing heads were evident, suggesting that they had already been damaged when they were re-erected by later occupants of the site.
At Takalik Abaj the potbelly style monuments all date to the Late Preclassic. Stylistically, the monuments are very similar to those of Kaminaljuyu and Monte Alto. Seven monuments are potbelly sculptures (Monuments 2, 3, 19, 40, 69, 94 and 117), six of these represent complete figures. Three monuments are small potbelly sculptures (Monuments 100, 107 and 109) and one sculpture is a colossal head in potbelly style (Monument 99).
One potbelly sculpture was found in Chocolá, Guatemala.
Honduras
At Copán in Honduras, another important Maya site, archaeologists found a potbelly sculpture on top of the Northwest Platform, to the west of the Great Plaza. Another was found in a cache under Stela 4. Further potbelly monuments have been found in caches under Late Classic stelae in the Great Plaza itself and throughout the Copán valley.
El Salvador
A small example excavated from underneath the Late Preclassic levels of Structure E3-1 at Chalchuapa in El Salvador may date to the Middle Preclassic. Three potbelly monuments were found resting on a large terrace in Santa Leticia in El Salvador, a site near Chalchuapa consisting of various mounds and platforms. These monuments were large and especially obese. Santa Leticia Monuments 1 and 3 were important in securely dating the potbelly style of sculpture. The El Salvador potbellies conform to the Monte Alto style of boulder sculpture.
Santa Leticia Monument 1 is a nearly spherical potbelly sculpture and the smallest of the three potbelly monuments at the site, measuring high. Monument 2 is a massive high potbelly that has been split in half down the middle. Monument 3 is a finely carved potbelly figure with stylistic affinities to some of the sculptures found at Monte Alto in Guatemala, it measures high. All three sculptures measured in height and diameter. The monuments were arranged in a north-south line on a wide terrace projecting from a hill, Cerrito de Apaneca.
While one review of the distribution of potbelly sculptures cites an example from Cara Sucia, in reality no such monuments are known from that site.
The Teopán potbelly clearly represents a female figure and has been interpreted as the sculpture of a Late Preclassic earth goddess. Teopán itself is a small site located on an island in Lake Coatepeque in western El Salvador. The site has been identified as that of Late Preclassic Maya settlement. Although the Teopán sculpture has typical Monte Alto-style traits such as closed puffy eyes, no neck, wrap-around arms, a clearly marked naval and grooves forming portions of the nose and mouth, it also includes some unusual features such as clearly indicated breasts, wide hips, buttocks and a concavity below the legs. The closed eyelids were later re-carved with the addition of two irregular oval concavities in order to represent open eyes, probably in the Postclassic Period. The Teopán potbelly is likely to be the idol mentioned by Spanish Colonial official Diego García de Palacio in a letter written in 1576, in which he mentions that the Pipil natives on the island worshipped "a large stone idol in the form of a woman".
See also
Stone spheres of Costa Rica
Notes
References
Mesoamerican stone sculpture
History of sculpture
Maya Preclassic Period
Drumnadrochit (; ) is a village in the Highland local government council area of Scotland, lying near the west shore of Loch Ness at the foot of Glen Urquhart. The village is close to several neighbouring settlements: the villages of Milton to the west, Kilmore to the east and Lewiston to the south. The villages act as a centre for regional tourism beside Loch Ness, as well as being a local economic hub for the nearby communities.
Geography
The village lies in Glen Urquhart on the A82 road to Inverness, near a junction with the A831 and beside the river Enrick. The river Enrick runs the length of Glen Urquhart, meeting the river Coltie and then flowing into Loch Ness (the eastern edge of Drumnadrochit). The nearby local hill and tourist attraction is called Craigmonie. Glen Urquhart itself adjoins Loch Ness and the larger geographical area known as the Great Glen.
History
The settlement grew up around a bridge over the River Enrick, and the name Drumnadrochit derives from the Scottish Gaelic , meaning the 'Ridge of the Bridge'. The first stone bridge was completed between 1808 and 1811 as part of works led by Thomas Telford. The bridge was extensively damaged by flooding in 1818. It was later widened in 1933 to accommodate the expanded A82 road.
Historically the village was within the local government county of Inverness (until 1975) and the Inverness district of the Highland local government region (from 1975 to 1996).
The Drumnadrochit Hotel is a Category B listed three-storey hotel completed in 1882. The former Caledonian Bank building is also a prominent structure in the village and was constructed in 1895, although it is no longer a bank.
A small strip of the estate's land still exists to this day, mostly north of the small settlement of Balbeg that lies north of Balnain. It is largely publicly accessible and is mostly used for grazing cattle in the summer.
Established after the First World War, the Glen Urquhart war memorial is located in Drumnadrochit and is in the shape of a column, with a small ceremonial fenced garden.
In 2006, the village hall, originally funded by Bradley Martin of Balmacaan House, celebrated its centenary.
Balmacaan Estate
Much of Glenurquhart was historically part of the Balmacaan Estate (also known as the Glen Urquhart Estate), owned by the Grant family of Seafield between 1509 and 1946. The estate was rented to the wealthy American industrialist and local benefactor Bradley Martin in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and flourished in the 1880s and 1890s, but went into decline after the 1920s. The estate then changed hands so frequently that the issue was raised in parliament. The best forestry wood had been felled during World War 2 and the estate was dissolved in 1946. Balmacaan House, near Drumnadrochit, was abandoned soon afterwards. In 1946, Bunloit Farm was separated from Balmacaan Estate and Bunloit Estate was formed round it near the small settlement of Balbeg, located on the north west shore of Loch Ness, about 4 miles south of Drumnadrochit.
Education
Drumnadrochit is served by the local Glen Urquhart High School which is also home to the community library.
Culture and community
The village's shops include a pharmacy, a Post Office and a supermarket. There are also several restaurants and cafés. There is a doctor's surgery under NHS Scotland and a team of local Community First Responders who cover nights and weekends in serious emergencies.
The Loch Ness Hub is a community owned transport and visitor information centre.
At Urquhart Bay Harbour in Drumnadrochit there is a RNLI inshore lifeboat station. The lifeboat station was established in 2008 to respond to maritime emergencies on Loch Ness.
Balmacaan is an ancient woodland, managed by the Woodland Trust, that overlooks the village. Formerly part of Balmacaan House, the Earl of Grant's estate, the woodland estate is now open to the public.
Transport
There are several buses a day that pass through Drumnadrochit, notably the 17 between Drum and Inverness bus station. Buses are less frequent outside the summer season, especially on a Sunday.
Economy
The village is popular with tourists and there are three larger hotels in (or close to) the village, two smaller inns (the Ben Leva Hotel and Fiddler's Rest) and a hostel (the Loch Ness Backpackers Lodge). Attractions include the nearby Urquhart Castle, one of the most visited sites managed by Historic Scotland, and Nessieland, and a "Nessie" themed exhibition about the Loch Ness Monster, the Loch Ness Centre and Exhibition for those wanting a more serious interpretation. The village hosts the Glenurquhart Highland Games at the end of August each year. A winter event, "Drums and Rockets", has also taken place in recent years. The community hosts a Bonfire Night fireworks display around 5 November.
Two long-distance hiking routes pass through or start at the village. The Great Glen Way from Fort William to Inverness; and the Affric-Kintail Way begins at the village, passing through Glen Affric and ending at Morvich on the west coast.
Agriculture and forestry are also major local employers. Drumnadrochit is the home of the Hanging Tree Brewery, a microbrewery launched in 2018. Drumnadrochit is also home to Cobbs Cakes traditionally made and distributed across the UK and Ireland. Cobbs is also the largest employer in the village, running the Drumnadrochit Hotel and the Clansman Visitor Centre, and recently bought the Loch Ness Beer brand after the Brewery went into administration in 2016.
Sports
The village is home to shinty team Glenurquhart Shinty Club. Also, there is a Bowls Club and Badminton.
In popular culture
Drumnadrochit is featured in the film Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster as the closest town to Blake Castle, the home of Daphne Blake's Scottish ancestors. When the main characters are first driving into the town, Fred Jones is unable to pronounce its name correctly, while Scooby-Doo is able to.
In Lawrence Block's novel The Burglar in the Library, there is a fictional scotch enjoyed by Bernie called Glen Drumnadrochit.
See also
Balnain
References
Populated places in Inverness committee area
Loch Ness
Li Zitong (died 622 CE) was an agrarian leader who claimed the title of emperor in the aftermaths of the death of Emperor Yang of Sui at the hands of the general Yuwen Huaji in 618. After Yuwen vacated the city of Jiangdu (, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), the region was in a state of confusion and, in 619, Li captured Jiangdu and declared a new state of Wu. In 620, he was defeated by the Tang Dynasty general Li Fuwei and he headed south, defeating another rebel leader, Shen Faxing King of Liang and seizing Shen's territory (roughly, modern Zhejiang). In 621, however, Li Fuwei attacked him again and forced his surrender. He was taken to the Tang capital at Chang'an but was spared by Emperor Gaozu. In 622, believing that he could try to re-establish his state, he fled from Chang'an. He was captured and executed.
Initial uprising
Li Zitong was from Donghai Commandery (, roughly modern Lianyungang, Jiangsu). He was said to be poor in his youth and supported himself by fishing and hunting. While living in the country, whenever he saw youngster bearing heavy burdens, he would bear the burdens for them. He said also said to be generous with the little he had, but vindictive, repaying every single slight. In or sometime before 615, with agrarian rebels rising against Sui Dynasty rule, Li joined the rebel leader Zuo Caixiang (), then at Changbai Mountain (, in modern Binzhou, Shandong). At that time, the agrarian rebel leaders tended to be cruel, but Li was considered kind and tolerant, and therefore many people joined him. Within half a year, he gathered 10,000 men. Zuo began to be jealous and suspicious of him, and Li took his men and left in 615, heading south and crossing the Huai River to join another rebel leader, Du Fuwei. Soon thereafter, for reasons unknown, Li wanted to kill Du and set an ambush for him, but while Du was wounded, he was not killed. Li was then defeated by the Sui general Lai Zheng () and fled to Hailing (, in modern Taizhou, Jiangsu), gathering 20,000 men and claiming the title of general.
Struggle for modern Jiangsu and Zhejiang
Li Zitong's activities for the next several years were not clear, other than that he continued to occupy Hailing. After Emperor Yang was killed in the spring of 618 at Jiangdu (, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) in a coup led by the general Yuwen Huaji, Yuwen then left Jiangdu and Li contended for control of the lower Yangtze River region against Du Fuwei, Shen Faxing the King of Liang, and the former Sui general Chen Leng (). In the fall of 619, Li put Jiangdu, then controlled by Chen, under siege. Chen sought help from Shen and Du; Du led forces to relieve Chen personally while Shen sent his son Shen Guan (). Accepting the suggestion of his official Mao Wenshen (), Li tricked Du and Shen Guan into battling each other by launching an attack on Du with soldiers that pretended to be Shen's troops. Neither was then able to assist Chen, and Li soon captured Jiangdu. He claimed the title of Emperor of Wu once he did so.
In 620, Li crossed the Yangtze to attack Shen, who then had his capital at Piling (, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu). Li quickly captured Jingkou (京口, in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu), and when Shen sent his general Jiang Yuanchao () against Li, Li defeated and killed Jiang. Shen abandoned Piling and fled to Wu Commandery (roughly modern Suzhou, Jiangsu), allowing Li to seize Piling and Danyang (丹楊, roughly modern Nanjing, Jiangsu). Meanwhile, Du Fuwei, who had by that point submitted to the Tang and was granted the imperial surname of Li by Emperor Gaozu and therefore was known as Li Fuwei, sent his generals Fu Gongshi, Kan Leng (), and Wang Xiongdan (), against Li Zitong. After initial indecisive battles, Li Zitong was defeated, and after he ran out of food supplies, he abandoned Jiangdu, heading first to Jingkou, and then abandoned Jingkou as well and attacked Shen. Shen committed suicide, allowing Li Zitong to take over his territory—roughly modern Zhejiang. Li Zitong placed his capital at Yuhang (餘杭, in modern Hangzhou, Zhejiang). His own old territory and the territory that he had seized from Shen earlier that year, including Danyang and Jingkou, were seized by Li Fuwei.
Defeat and death
In winter 621, Li Fuwei sent Wang Xiongdan against Li Zitong. Initially, Li Zitong placed his best troops at Dusong Mountain (獨松嶺, in modern Huzhou, Zhejiang), but after Wang pretended to have a much larger army than he actually had, Li Zitong panicked and took up defense at Hangzhou (杭州, also in modern Hangzhou), and was defeated by Wang. He surrendered, and Li Fuwei sent Li Zitong and his key official Le Botong () to the Tang capital Chang'an. For reasons unclear, Emperor Gaozu released Li Zitong from custody.
In fall 622, Li Fuwei, concerned that Tang might believe that he was not sufficiently submissive, went to Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Gaozu. Emperor Gaozu promoted him in title and granted him the special honor of being seated even above his own son Li Yuanji the Prince of Qi, but did not allow him to return to Danyang. When Li Zitong heard this, he believed that with Li Fuwei not at Danyang, the region might be unsettled enough that if he were able to flee back to the region, he might be able to reestablish his state. He and Le therefore fled from Chang'an, but they were arrested at Lantian Pass (), not far from Chang'an, by the officials guarding the pass, and they were executed.
Era name
Míngzhèng () 619-621
|- style="text-align: center;"
|-
|-
Sui dynasty people
Generals from Shandong
622 deaths
Executed Tang dynasty people
People executed by the Tang dynasty
7th-century executions by the Tang dynasty
7th-century Chinese monarchs
People from Zaozhuang
Executed people from Shandong
Year of birth unknown
Transition from Sui to Tang
Nu ("Watery One") or Nun ("The Inert One") (Ancient Egyptian: ; Coptic: ), is the personification of the primordial watery abyss which existed at the time of creation and from which the creator sun god Ra arose, in ancient Egyptian religion. Nu is one of the eight deities of the Ogdoad representing ancient Egyptian primordial Chaos from which the primordial mound arose from. Nun can be seen as the first of all the gods and the creator of reality and personification of the cosmos. Nun is also considered the god that will destroy existence and return everything to the Nun from whence it came. No cult was addressed to Nun.
The consort of Nun was the goddess Naunet (Ancient Egyptian: ).
Name
The name on Nu is paralleled with "inactivity" in a play of words in, "I raised them up from out of the watery mass [], out of inactivity []". The name has also been compared to the Coptic noun "abyss; deep".
Origin myth
The ancient Egyptians envisaged the oceanic abyss of the Nun as surrounding a bubble in which the sphere of life is encapsulated, representing the deepest mystery of their cosmogony. In ancient Egyptian creation accounts, the original mound of land comes forth from the waters of the Nun. The Nun is the source of all that appears in a differentiated world, encompassing all aspects of divine and earthly existence. In the Ennead cosmogony, Nun is perceived as transcendent at the point of creation alongside Atum the creator god.
Creation myth
In the beginning the universe only consisted of a great chaotic cosmic ocean, and the ocean itself was referred to as Nu. At the beginning of time Mehet-Weret, portrayed as a cow with a sun disk between her horns, gives birth to the sun, said to have risen from the waters of creation and to have given birth to the sun god Ra in some myths. The universe was enrapt by a vast mass of primordial waters, and the Benben, a pyramid mound, emerged amid this primal chaos. There was a blue Lotus flower with Benben, and this when it blossomed brought Ra.
History
Beginning with the Middle Kingdom, Nun is described as "the father of the gods" and he is depicted on temple walls throughout the rest of ancient Egyptian religious history.
The Ogdoad includes along with Naunet and Nun, Amaunet and Amun; Hauhet and Heh; and Kauket and Kek. Like the other Ogdoad deities, Nu did not have temples or any center of worship. Even so, Nu was sometimes represented by a sacred lake, or, as at Abydos, by an underground stream.
Iconography
Nun was depicted as an anthropomorphic large figure and a personification of the primordial waters, with water ripples filling the body, holding a notched palm branch. Nun was also depicted in anthropomorphic form but with the head of a frog, and he was typically depicted in ancient Egyptian art holding aloft the solar barque or the sun disc. He may appear greeting the rising sun in the guise of a baboon. Nun is otherwise symbolized by the presence of a sacred cistern or lake as in the sanctuaries of Karnak and Dendara.
Nu was shown usually as male but also had aspects that could be represented as female or male. Naunet (also spelt Nunet) is the female aspect, which is the name Nu with a female gender ending. The male aspect, Nun, is written with a male gender ending. As with the primordial concepts of the Ogdoad, Nu's male aspect was depicted as a frog, or a frog-headed man. In Ancient Egyptian art, Nun also appears as a bearded man, with blue-green skin, representing water. Naunet is represented as a snake or snake-headed woman.
In the 12th Hour of the Book of Gates, Nu is depicted with upraised arms holding a solar bark (or barque, a boat). The boat is occupied by eight deities with the scarab deity Khepri standing in the middle surrounded by the seven other deities.
During the Late Period when Egypt was occupied by foreign powers, the negative aspect of the Nun (chaos) became the dominant perception, reflecting the forces of disorder that were set loose in the country.
See also
Hapi (Nile god)
Wadj-wer
Sea of Suf
Tehom
Abzu
References
Further reading
E. A. Wallis Budge, The Gods of the Egyptians: Or, Studies in Egyptian Mythology (1904), vol. 1, 283f.
Chaos (cosmogony)
Egyptian gods
Personifications
Water gods
The Gang's All Here is a 1943 American Twentieth Century Fox Technicolor musical film starring Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda and James Ellison. The film, directed and choreographed by Busby Berkeley, is known for its use of musical numbers with fruit hats. Included among the 10 highest-grossing films of that year, it was at that time Fox's most expensive production.
Musical highlights include Carmen Miranda performing an insinuating, witty version of "You Discover You're in New York" that lampoons fads, fashions, and wartime shortages of the time. The film features Miranda's "The Lady in the Tutti Frutti Hat" which, because of its sexual innuendo (dozens of scantily clad women handling very large bananas), apparently prevented the film from being shown in Brazil on its initial release. In the US, the censors dictated that the chorus girls must hold the bananas at the waist and not at the hip. Alice Faye sings "A Journey to a Star," "No Love, No Nothin'," and the surreal finale "The Polka-Dot Polka."
The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Color (James Basevi, Joseph C. Wright, Thomas Little). It was the last musical Faye made as a Hollywood superstar. She was pregnant with her second daughter during filming. In 2014, The Gang's All Here was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
Plot
A man sings "Brazil" as the opening credits fade to the disembarkation of a ship, SS Brazil. As the exotic goods are netted off the ship the camera pans down to the archetypal exotic fruit hat on Carmen Miranda who reprises the song.
Wealthy businessman Andrew J. "A. J." Mason Sr. takes his nervous partner, Peyton Potter, to the Club New Yorker for a celebratory evening with his son, Sgt. Andrew J. Mason Jr., who is about to report for active duty in the Army. A. J. and Andy enjoy the show, which features master of ceremonies Phil Baker and dancer Tony De Marco, while Potter worries about what his wife Blossom would say if she knew he was there. While Potter is trapped into dancing with Brazilian sensation Dorita, Andy becomes intrigued by entertainer Eadie Allen. Phil warns Andy that because Eadie dances at the Broadway Canteen between shows, she will not go out on a date with him, but Andy follows her to the canteen and tells her that his name is Sgt. Pat Casey so that she will not be intimidated by his wealth. Despite her insistence that she cannot date servicemen outside the canteen, Eadie is charmed by Andy and agrees to meet him later when he pursues her to the nightclub. Eadie and Andy spend the evening talking and falling in love, and the next day, Eadie bids him farewell at the train station and promises to write every day.
Andy distinguishes himself in battle in the South Pacific, and is granted a furlough after being awarded a medal. A. J. is thrilled and plans to throw a welcome home party for Andy at the Club New Yorker. Phil cannot accommodate his plans, however, as the club is closed for two weeks while the company rehearses a new show. Munificent as always, A. J. invites the performers to rehearse at his and Potter's homes, where they can throw a lavish garden party and war bond rally to welcome Andy. Potter is perturbed about the arrangements when he learns that Blossom knows Phil from her former days as an entertainer, and his chagrin grows when Tony's partner cannot perform and he asks Potter's daughter Vivian to dance with him. Hoping to persuade the stodgy Potter to allow Vivian to perform, Blossom tells him that Phil has threatened to reveal her wild past if Vivian is not in the show. Potter acquiesces, but his problems grow when he is pursued by the romantic-minded Dorita. When not chasing Potter, Dorita learns that Vivian has a boyfriend named Andy, and that he and Eadie's "Casey" are the same man.
Complications arise as Dorita tries to keep Vivian and Eadie from discovering Andy's deception. When Andy and the real Pat Casey arrive at the club, however, Eadie learns the truth. Andy proclaims that he wants to marry her and not Vivian, but Eadie insists on breaking off their relationship, as she believes that Vivian really cares for him. During the show, however, Vivian tells Eadie that she is going to Broadway to perform as Tony's permanent partner, and reveals that she and Andy were never truly in love. As the show comes to a close, Eadie and Andy reconcile, and everyone joins in the final song.
Cast
Production
The working title of this film was The Girls He Left Behind. According to a January 7, 1943 news item, composer Harry Warren was originally scheduled to work with lyricist Mack Gordon on the film's score, but Warren instead wrote the picture's songs with Leo Robin. News in The Hollywood Reporter on 30 March 1943 included "Pickin' on Your Momma" in the list of songs to be featured in the film. Modern sources note that the song, along with "Sleepy Moon" and "Drums and Dreams" were cut before the final release. According to The Hollywood Reporter and a studio press release, Linda Darnell was originally scheduled to play "Vivian Potter," which would have been her first dancing role in motion pictures. During dance rehearsals, however, Darnell sprained her ankle, and after her recovery, eloped with cinematographer Peverell Marley and asked Twentieth Century-Fox for an indefinite leave of absence. Darnell was replaced in the role by Sheila Ryan.
The Gang's All Here began production in April 1943. Berkeley learned that Darryl F. Zanuck would not be overseeing the production. Fox's studio head was in Europe on behalf of the war effort, leaving the chore to William LeBaron, a producer and songwriter who had worked at other studios before coming to Fox. Under Zanuck, he set up an independent unit at the studio, mostly making musicals. He and Berkeley got along well at first, but the relationship soon was strained as the showman in Berkeley would not yield to the budget-trimming mandates of LeBaron (who, in turn, was forced to trim expenses due to the demands of the War Production Board, which sought cost cutting in all aspects of businesses during the war). In spite of the producer/director discord during shooting, the film turned out to be an outrageously conceived work of art, blending with subtlety the politics of alliances while overtly disarming the viewing public with surrealism and spectacle.
Although Alice Faye did have a singing cameo in the 1944 film Four Jills in a Jeep, this picture marked her last appearance in a musical film until State Fair (1962). Faye, who was pregnant with her second child during filming of The Gang's All Here, retired from the screen and only made one film in the intervening period, the drama Fallen Angel (1945). The Gang's All Here marked the screen debuts of actresses June Haver (1926–2005), Jeanne Crain (1925–2003) and Jo-Carroll Dennison, who was Miss America of 1942. According to an article in the Los Angeles Times, the film was to include a parody of Phil Baker's radio show Take It or Leave It. The sequence was cut, and Baker instead made an entire film based on the show, called Take It or Leave It, for Twentieth Century-Fox.
The Gang's All Here was the first color film entirely directed by Berkeley (he had earlier directed dance numbers for the 1930 two-color Technicolor film Whoopee!), and the extravagant production numbers were well received. While praising Berkeley's work, the MPH reviewer commented that the production numbers "are opulent in highly effective color combinations and are climaxed by a finale in the cubistic and modernistic tempo which is different from anything that has passed this reviewer's way since some of the abstract treatments employed by Walt Disney's Fantasia." Although some modern sources indicate that the film was banned in Brazil because of the giant bananas featured in "The Lady with Tutti-Frutti Hat" number, the film's file in the Motion Picture Production Code Collection at the AMPAS Library contained no information about censorship in Brazil and the film was approved for export to South American countries. The picture received an Academy Award nomination in the Art Direction (Color) category.
Jazz drummer Louie Bellson appears uncredited in the Benny Goodman Orchestra while Carmen Miranda sings "Paducah".
Soundtrack
"Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here"
Music by Theodore Morse and Arthur Sullivan
Lyrics by Dolly Morse (as D.A. Esrom)
"Brazil" ("Aquarela do Brasil")
Music by Ary Barroso
English lyrics by S.K. Russell
Sung by Nestor Amaral, Carmen Miranda and chorus
"You Discover You're in New York"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Performed by Carmen Miranda, Alice Faye, Phil Baker and chorus
"Minnie's in the Money"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Arranged by Eddie Sauter
Sung by Benny Goodman with his band and a jitterbug chorus
"Soft Winds"
Written by Benny Goodman (instrumental)
Played by Benny Goodman and His Orchestra
Danced by Alice Faye and James Ellison
"The Lady in the Tutti Frutti Hat"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Performed by Carmen Miranda and chorus
"A Journey to a Star"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Sung by Alice Faye (and reprised by cast)
Danced by Tony De Marco and Sheila Ryan
"The Jitters"
Music by Gene Rose
Played by Benny Goodman and His Orchestra
Danced by Charlotte Greenwood and Charles Saggau
"No Love, No Nothin"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Arranged by Benny Carter
Sung by Alice Faye
Danced by Tony De Marco and Sheila Ryan
"(I've Got a Gal in) Kalamazoo"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Mack Gordon
Played by Benny Goodman and his band
"Paducah"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Played by Benny Goodman and His Orchestra
Sung by Benny Goodman and Carmen Miranda
Danced by Carmen Miranda and Tony De Marco
"The Polka Dot Polka"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
Sung by Alice Faye with dancers
"The Polka Dot Ballet"
Music by Harry Warren
Performed by Busby Berkeley dancers
"A Hot Time in the Old Town"
Music by Theo. A. Metz
"Silent Señorita"
Music by Harry Warren
Lyrics by Leo Robin
"Valse des rayons" from Le Papillon aka "Valse chaloupée"
Music by Jacques Offenbach
"P'ra Que Discutir"
Written by Nestor Amaral
"Diga o Ella"
Written by Nestor Amaral
"Let's Dance"
Written by Gregory Stone, Josef Bonime and Fanny Baldridge.
Release
The film was released on December 24, 1943. The Gang's All Here it became one of the 25 top-grossing films of 1943–44.
Critical reception
Most of the reviewers were positive with the exception of the critic for The New York Times, who observed a Freudian slant to Berkeley's giant bananas: "But in the main, The Gang's All Here is a series of lengthy and lavish production numbers all arranged by Busby Berkeley as if money was no object but titillation was. Mr. Berkeley has some sly notions under his busby. One or two of his dance spectacles seem to stem straight from Freud and, if interpreted, might bring a rosy blush to several cheeks in the Hays office."
Philip French wrote in the London Observer: "The movie provides an escape from wartime anxieties and austerities into an extravagant, fantastical world, most spectacularly in what James Agee called Berkeley's 'paroxysmic production numbers” involving Miranda'." James Agee, said about the movie: "There is one routine with giant papier-mache bananas, cutting to thighs, then feet, then rows of toes, which deserves to survive in every casebook of blatant film surreptition for the next century."
The MPH reviewer commented that the production numbers "are opulent in highly effective color combinations and are climaxed by a finale in the cubistic and modernistic tempo which is different from anything that has passed this reviewer's way since some of the abstract treatments employed by Walt Disney's Fantasia." Wanda Hale of the New York Daily News wrote: "It's colossal, it's stupendous, and one of the artiest productions ever made... It is a Technicolor dream that takes on nightmarish proportions or the aspects of a Dali drawing in motion." "Whatever this film is, exactly, it is worth seeing", wrote Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune.
"Busby Berkeley's most audacious film—an exploration of the possibilities of movement and color that moves into the realm of pure abstraction. The sexual symbolism is at its most blatant, what can you say about a film that features 60 girls waving gigantic bananas?" wrote critic Don Druker for the newspaper Chicago Reader.
“It's a very unusual movie, there's nothing like it. It's a routine 1940s musical with a corny wartime romantic plot, but it's got these astounding, surrealistic production numbers by Busby Berkeley. People were overwhelmed seeing it in color in the '70s.” said Eric Spilker for the New York Post.
"Busby Berkeley's first in colour, reaching some sort of apotheosis in vulgarity with Carmen Miranda's 'Lady in the Tutti-Frutti Hat' accompanied by a parade of chorines manipulating outsize bananas," highlighted the magazine Time Out.
"A weak script is somewhat relegated by the flock of tuneful musical numbers that frequently punctuate the picture," said Variety.
Awards and honors
16th Academy Awards (1944)
Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration, Color (Nominated)
National Film Registry (2014)
In 2014, The Gang's All Here was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2004: AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs:
"The Lady in the Tutti-Frutti Hat" – Nominated
2006: AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals – Nominated
Home video
Never released on VHS, The Gang's All Here first appeared on LaserDisc in 1997 from 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. Fox first released the film on DVD in 2007 as part of The Alice Faye Collection, but the transfer was criticized for its faded color reproduction subduing the original vibrant Technicolor hues. It was rereleased on DVD in 2008 as part of Fox's The Carmen Miranda Collection; this edition contained a brighter and more colorful transfer.
In 2014, Eureka Entertainment in the UK released the film on a region B Blu-ray as part of their Masters of Cinema series. This edition preserved the vibrant color scheme. In 2016, Twilight Time in the US released a region 0, limited edition Blu-ray of 3,000 units. Though also fully restored, it utilized a much duller, darker transfer than the Eureka.
References
External links
The Gang's All Here at NNDB
1943 films
1943 musical films
20th Century Fox films
American musical films
Films directed by Busby Berkeley
United States National Film Registry films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Thuin was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1991.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Shanghai South station (; Shanghainese: Zånhae Nuezae) is a railway station in the city of Shanghai, China. In the Xuhui District, its importance is second only to the Shanghai railway station. After extensive renovation that was finished in 2006, the station features a modern circular design, the first of its kind in the world. The station was expected to handle 15 million passengers annually.
Shanghai South serves most trains to cities of Zhejiang (including Hangzhou, Shaoxing, Ningbo, Jinhua and Wenzhou) and the Southern provinces of China, excluding the Shanghai-Hong Kong Route. Without a Customs/Immigration checkpoint it is not capable of clearing passengers straight to Hong Kong; until such a checkpoint is constructed the Shanghai–Kowloon through train will continue to depart from Shanghai station. It is also possible to catch high-speed services to West Kowloon station in Hong Kong via Shanghai Hongqiao railway station: - customs and immigration clearance is done in Hong Kong.
Shanghai South railway station also serves as the starting point for the Jinshan railway, running via Xinzhuang in Minhang District to Jinshanwei in Jinshan District, crossing the Huangpu River on a dedicated railway bridge.
History
Shanghai South station was originally constructed in 1908 as the terminus of the Shanghai-Hangzhou railway line. In 1937 during the Battle of Shanghai, part of the Second Sino-Japanese War, the Japanese advanced towards the station in an action known as Bloody Saturday. The fighting destroyed the building and killed many civilians; a photograph showing a crying Chinese baby among the ruins became Time's image of the year.
An extensive redesign has been carried out until 2006 by AREP (Paris), ECADI (Shanghai) and MaP3 (structural engineer - Paris), making the new station the world's first circular railway station. With the reopening, two minor Shanghai railway stations have been closed: Shanghai West in Putuo District and Meilong station near Jinjiang Park. All railway connections of these stations have been moved to Shanghai South station, and according to estimates, up to 40% of passengers of Shanghai station will be diverted to the new station.
A station fire occurred on April 24, 2010, at 4 pm that was extinguished in 30 minutes.
Station
The Station is located in the southwestern part of Xuhui District, occupying sixty hectares of land. The new look of South Station has a very clean, airport-like look and feel. The station itself is elevated 47 meters above ground and has a diameter of some 270 meters. It is made out of polycarbonate and aluminium sunblades, and supported by 18 branch-shaped beams resting on 3 columns each. The steel structure weight is 6000 T, for 56 000 square meters, and a 150 m maximum span. The steel structure was built by Shanghai Jiangnan shipyard and erected by SMCC.
The trains arrive below the waiting areas, which are not interrupted by the structure itself, which is roughly divided into three levels. The mid-level contains the station platforms, at the same rough height as ground level, and contains thirteen tracks and six passenger platforms. The VIP waiting section and the Public Security Office is also on this level. In addition the mid-level has direct access to the northern and southern squares. The upper level is the departure level. With a circumference of over 800 meters, the waiting area can fit over 10,000 passengers at any given time. Passenger tickets are also validated in this area. The lower level is the arrivals level, which contains various tunnels to exit the station and the waiting area of the Line 1 and Line 3 in the Shanghai Metro system. In the future it will also contain a transfer tunnel to the newly opened L1 Line as well as access to long-distance and tourist buses. The underground level of the North and South Squares has various commercial establishments and a parking lot.
The soft-seat waiting area requires a soft-class train ticket to access. The seating in the area is generally more comfortable, and it is an enclosed area, with security personnel on shift at the entrances. The regular waiting area is in the middle of the station, and can house thousands of passengers. The VIP waiting area is only accessible with special identification, such as diplomatic documents.
Shanghai South is serviced by Shanghai Metro Line 1 or Line 3 via the interchange station named after the train station, which is within walking distance of the train station. Transfer corridors in the station building allow indoor transfer between the train station and the metro station.
See also
Urban rail transit in China
Shanghai North railway station
References
Citations
Sources
Shanghai Delta news
Circular station is centre of attraction
Shanghai South Railway Station
External links
Shanghai Train Guide - Timetables & Tips & Routes & Schedule
Railway stations in Shanghai
Railway stations in China opened in 1908
Railway stations in China opened in 2006
Stations on the Shanghai–Kunming Railway
Stations on the Jinshan railway
Reference Peak () is a roughly conical peak, 1,030 m, with a steep face to the west near its crest, lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Amundsen Bay between Mounts Weller and Hollingsworth. Viewed from the north, it presents a sharp peak with smooth, clear-cut sides. It was sighted in October 1956 by an ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) party and was so named because the peak was used as a reference point for magnetic observations at Observation Island.
Mountains of Enderby Land
The Hididel is a left tributary of the river Pârâul Rece in Romania. It discharges into the Poiana Ruscă Reservoir, which is drained by the Pârâul Rece. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
South Sudanese refugees are persons originating from the African country of South Sudan, but seeking refuge outside the borders of their native country. The world's youngest independent country has a recent and troubled history of prolonged conflicts and ecosystem mismanagement such as overlogging, which has led to desertification. These forces have resulted not only in violence and famine, but also the forced migration of large numbers of the population, both inside and outside the country's borders. South Sudan was cited as the largest refugee crisis in 2016, being the world's third largest, followed by Syria and Afghanistan.
Internally displaced South Sudanese
At least 2 million people in South Sudan became internally displaced persons as a result of the South Sudanese Civil War, which began in 2013.
Host countries
As of October 2017, an estimated 2,073,105 South Sudanese people were refugees in neighboring countries.
Sudan
According to Norwegian Refugees Council (NRC) in Sudan, about 5000 South Sudanese refugees are settled in semi-settlements around Khartoum; most of which lived in South Sudanese states neighbouring Sudan.
Ethiopia
About 272,000 refugees from South Sudan were living in the Gambela Region of Ethiopia, as of April 2016.
Most of them live in these refugee camps:
Pugnido camp: ~62,801
Tierkidi camp: ~54,750
Kule camp: ~49,410
Leitchuor camp: ~4,480
Blue Nile students at high schools in Bambasi, Tango, Sherkole, and Ashura refugee camps in Ethiopia report difficulties sitting for the Ethiopian National Examinations. As of 2014, around 5,500 refugees from South Sudan were living at Tirgol, Ethiopia.
Uganda
According to the UNHCR, the number of registered South Sudanese refugees in Uganda has crossed the one million thresholds as of Fall 2017. As of January 2016, most were located at Adjumani, Arua, Kiryandongo and Kampala. Uganda opened four reception centres for South Sudanese refugees in 2014. They were located in Keri in Koboko district, Rhino in Arua, Dzaipi in Adjumani at the Uganda-South Sudan border near Nimule, and one at Entebbe Airport. The Dzaipi settlement became overcrowded, as it had 25,000 people, and was only designed to hold 3,000 people. In February 2016, The UN Children's fund reported that "The transit centres are at their limits. Nyumanzi Transit Center can accommodate 3,000 persons but can be stretched to 5,000 individuals in the worst case scenario while Maaji Settlement (Adjumani) can take another 10,000 refugees." Refugees at the Kiryandongo settlement camp have taken up agriculture. The Bidi Bidi Refugee Settlement in Northwestern Uganda became the largest refugee camp in the world in early 2017, with over 270,000 refugees. Baratuku, established in 1991, has hosted successive waves of South Sudanese refugees since the Second Sudanese War. It continues to operate with, as of 2018, significant challenges in supplies and infrastructure.
Kenya
In Kenya, 44,000 South Sudanese refugees arrived between late 2013–2015. As a result, Kenya's Kakuma refugee camp expanded by almost half.
Hosting refugees
There are 272,261 registered refugees in South Sudan in 2016: 251,216 are from Sudan, 14,767 are from the DRC, 4,400 from Ethiopia and 1,878 are from the CAR.
See also
Refugees of Sudan
South Sudanese Civil War
South Sudanese diaspora
References
Refugees in Africa
South Sudanese refugees
The Transfăgărășan (trans + Făgăraș) or DN7C is a paved mountain road crossing the southern section of the Carpathian Mountains of Romania. It has national-road ranking and is the second-highest paved road in the country after the Transalpina. It starts near the village of Bascov, near Pitești, and stretches to the crossroad between the DN1 and Sibiu, between the highest peaks in the country, Moldoveanu and Negoiu. The road, built in the early 1970s as a strategic military route, connects the historic regions of Transylvania and Wallachia.
History
The Transfăgărășan was constructed between 1970 and 1974 during the rule of Nicolae Ceaușescu as a response to the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union. Ceaușescu wanted to ensure quick military access across the mountains in case of a Soviet invasion. At the time, Romania already had several strategic mountain passes through the Southern Carpathians, whether inherited from the pre-communist era (the DN1 and the high-pass DN67C) or built during the initial years of the Communist regime (the DN66). These passes, however, were mainly through river valleys, and would be easy for the Soviets to block and attack. Ceaușescu therefore ordered the construction of a road across the Făgăraș Mountains, which divide northwestern and southern Romania.
Built mainly by military forces, the road had a high financial and human cost. Work was carried out in an alpine climate, at an elevation of , using roughly of dynamite, and employing junior military personnel who were untrained in blasting techniques. Many workers died; official records state that only 40 soldiers lost their lives, but unofficial estimates by workers put the number in the hundreds.
The road was officially opened on 20 September 1974, although work, particularly paving of the roadbed, continued until 1980.
Route
The road climbs to an altitude of , making it the second highest mountain pass in Romania after the Transalpina. It is a winding road, dotted with steep hairpin turns, long S-curves, and sharp descents. It is both an attraction and a challenge for hikers, cyclists, drivers and motorcycle enthusiasts. Due to the topography, the average speed is around . The road also provides access to Bâlea Lake and Bâlea Waterfall.
The road is usually closed from late October until late June because of snow. Depending on the weather, it may remain open until as late as November, or may close even in the summer; signs at the town of Curtea de Argeș and the village of Cartisoara provide information.
The Transfăgărășan has more tunnels (a total of 5) and viaducts than any other road in Romania. Near the highest point, at Bâlea Lake, the road passes through Bâlea Tunnel, the longest road tunnel in Romania at .
Along the southern section of the road, near the village of Arefu, is Poenari Castle. The castle was the residence of Vlad the Impaler, the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Count Dracula.
The northern section is used for annual cycling competitions, including the Tour of Romania, and the section to Bâlea Lake has been used since 2011 for the Sibiu Cycling Tour. These sections are considered to be similar in difficulty to hors catégorie climbs in the Tour de France.
Cultural references
The Transfăgărășan was featured in a segment of the British TV show Top Gear, in the first episode of Series 14 (November 2009). Host Jeremy Clarkson proclaimed that the Transfăgărășan was "the best road in the world," a title the presenters had previously given to the Stelvio Pass in Italy.
The road has also been dubbed "Ceaușescu's Folly".
In 2022, it was featured in The Misadventures of Romesh Ranganathan.
Gallery
See also
List of highest paved roads in Europe
List of mountain passes
Seven Wonders of Romania
Stelvio Pass
Transalpina (DN67C)
Trollstigen
Tourism in Romania
References
External links
Map sources for the summit:
Official Site (in Romanian)
Transfăgărășan Photo Gallery
Riding a Motorcycle on the Transfagarasan
Transfagarasan Road
Roads in Romania
Sibiu County
Argeș County
Mountain passes of Romania
The 2021 Judo Grand Slam Tbilisi was held in Tbilisi, Georgia, from 26 to 28 March 2021.
Medal summary
Medal table
Host nation
Men's events
Source:
Women's events
Source:
Event videos
The event was air freely on the IJF YouTube channel.
References
External links
2021 IJF World Tour
2021 Judo Grand Slam
Judo competitions in Georgia (country)
Judo
Judo
Judo
Judo
Robert Alwyn Petrie Hewison (born 2 June 1943) is a British cultural historian.
He was educated at Bedford School, Ravensbourne College of Art and Design, and Brasenose College, Oxford, where he graduated from BA in 1965, MA in 1970, MLitt in 1972, and DLitt in 1989.
For most of his professional life he has made a living as a freelance writer and curator and he has written for The Sunday Times since 1981. Among his academic appointments he was Visiting Professor at De Montfort University from 1993 until 1995; he then held a number of appointments at the University of Lancaster as Professor in Literary and Cultural Studies (1995–2000), part-time Professor in the Department of English (2001). He was Slade Professor of Fine Art in the University of Oxford 1999/2000, lecturing on the subject 'Ruskin To-day'. From 2005 to 2012 he was Professor of Cultural Policy and Leadership Studies at City University, London. Currently he is an Honorary Professor at the Ruskin Centre, Lancaster University. He is currently chair of Ruskin To-Day, the informal co-ordinating committee for the celebration of Ruskin's bicentenary in 2019, Ruskin200.
In an interview, Michael Palin (his contemporary at Brasenose) credited Hewison with introducing him to the idea of earning a living by making people laugh, and for pushing him into performing, which, Palin says, he would never have done as he was too shy.
Publications
Passport to Peckham: Culture and Creativity in a London Village (Goldsmiths Press, 2022)
John Ruskin: Giotto and his works in Padua [introduction by Robert Hewison] (David Zwirner Books, 2018)
Ruskin and his Contemporaries (Pallas Athene, 2018)
Cultural Capital: The Rise and Fall of Creative Britain (Verso, 2014)
(with Chris Orr), Chris Orr: The Making of Things (Royal Academy Publications, 2013)
John Byrne: Art & Life (Lund Humphries, 2011)
(with John Holden), The Cultural Leadership Handbook: How to run a Creative Organization (Gower, 2011)
Ruskin on Venice: The Paradise of Cities (Yale University Press, 2009)
John Ruskin (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2007)
(with John Holden), Experience and experiment: the UK Branch of the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, 1956-2006 (London: Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, United Kingdom Branch, 2006)
Edited, "There is no wealth but life": Ruskin in the 21st century (Lancaster: Ruskin Foundation, 2006)
Not a sideshow: leadership and cultural value: a matrix for change (London: Demos, 2006)
Chris Orr's John Ruskin and other stories, 14 October-23 December 2004 (Lancaster: Ruskin Library, Lancaster University, 2004)
(with John Holden), The right to art: making aspirations reality (London: Demos, 2004)
An address delivered in Saint Andrew's Church, Coniston, on the centenary of the death of John Ruskin, by Robert Hewison, Slade Professor of fine art in the University of Oxford, 20 January 2000 (Great Britain: Cygnet Press, 2003)
(with Ian Warrell and Stephen Wildman), Ruskin, Turner and the Pre-Raphaelites (London: Tate Gallery, 2000)
Edited, Ruskin's artists: studies in the Victorian visual economy: papers from the Ruskin Programme, Lancaster University (Aldershot: Ashgate, 2000)
Ruskin's Venice (London: Pilkington, 2000)
Towards 2010: new times, new challenges for the arts (London: The Arts Council of England, 2000)
Ruskin and Oxford: the art of education (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1996)
Culture and consensus: England, art and politics since 1940 (London: Methuen, 1995, revised edn 1997)
Future tense: a new art for the nineties (London: Methuen, 1990)
The heritage industry: Britain in a climate of decline (London: Methuen London, 1987)
Too much: art and society in the Sixties, 1960-75 (London: Methuen, 1986)
John Ruskin, edited, with an introduction, notes, and appendix by Robert Hewison, Catalogue of the Rudimentary Series: in the arrangement of 1873 with Ruskin's comments of 1878 (London: Lion and Unicorn, 1984)
Footlights!: a hundred years of Cambridge comedy (London: Methuen London, 1983)
Art and Society: Ruskin in Sheffield 1876 (London: Published for the Guild of St George by Brentham, 1981)
In anger: culture in the Cold War, 1945-60 (London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1981, revised edn London: Methuen, 1988)
Monty Python: the case against: irreverence, scurrility, profanity, vilification and licentious abuse (London: Methuen, 1981)
Edited, New approaches to Ruskin: thirteen essays (London: Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1981)
Under siege: literary life in London 1939-45 (London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1977, Newton Abbot: Readers Union, 1978, London: Quartet Books, 1979, revised edn London: Methuen, 1988)
Ruskin and Venice (London: Thames and Hudson, 1978)
John Ruskin: the argument of the eye (London: Thames and Hudson; Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1976)
References
Publications list derived from OLIS web OPAC and British Library Integrated Catalogue
1943 births
Living people
Academics of Lancaster University
Academics of De Montfort University
Academics of City, University of London
Slade Professors of Fine Art (University of Oxford)
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
English art historians
English curators
The Sunday Times people
People educated at Bedford School
Democratic Party nomination
Primaries
In August 2018, the Democratic National Committee voted to disallow superdelegates from voting on the first ballot of the nominating process, beginning with the 2020 election. This required a candidate to win a majority of pledged delegates from the assorted primary elections in order to win the party's nomination. The last time this did not occur was the nomination of Adlai Stevenson II at the 1952 Democratic National Convention. Meanwhile, six states used ranked-choice voting in the primaries: Alaska, Hawaii, Kansas, and Wyoming for all voters; and Iowa and Nevada for absentee voters.
After Hillary Clinton's loss in the previous election, the Democratic Party was seen largely as leaderless, and was also seen as fractured between the centrist Clinton wing and the more progressive Sanders wing of the party, echoing the rift brought up in the 2016 primary election. In 2018, several U.S. House districts that Democrats hoped to gain from the Republican majority had contentious primary elections. Politicos Elena Schneider described these clashes as a "Democratic civil war". During this period, there was a general shift to the left in regards to college tuition, healthcare, and immigration among Democrats in the Senate.
Overall, the 2020 primary field had 29 major candidates, breaking the record for the largest field under the modern presidential primary system previously set during the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries with 17 major candidates.
Entering the Iowa caucuses on February 3, 2020, the field had decreased to 11 major candidates. Results were delayed in Iowa, with Pete Buttigieg winning in state delegate equivalents despite Bernie Sanders winning more votes, followed by Sanders narrowly winning over Buttigieg in the February 11, New Hampshire primary. Following Michael Bennet, Deval Patrick, and Andrew Yang dropping out, Sanders won the Nevada caucuses on February 22. Joe Biden then won the South Carolina primary, causing Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar, and Tom Steyer to abandon their campaigns (Buttigieg and Klobuchar then immediately endorsed Biden). After Super Tuesday, March 3, Michael Bloomberg and Elizabeth Warren quit the race, leaving three candidates left: Biden and Sanders, the main contenders, and Tulsi Gabbard, who remained in the race despite facing nigh-on insurmountable odds. Gabbard then dropped out and endorsed Biden after the March 17, Arizona, Florida, and Illinois races. On April 8, 2020, Sanders dropped out, reportedly after being convinced by former president Barack Obama, leaving Biden as the only major candidate remaining, and the presumptive nominee. Biden then gained endorsements from Obama, Sanders and Warren. By June 5, 2020, Biden had officially gained enough delegates to ensure his nomination at the convention, and proceeded to work with Sanders to develop a joint policy task force.
Vice presidential selection
Senator Kamala Harris was announced as former Vice President Joe Biden's running mate on August 11, 2020. When inaugurated, Harris will be the first woman, first African-American, and first Asian-American vice president of the United States, as well as the second person with non-European ancestry (after Herbert Hoover's vice-president Charles Curtis). She is the third female vice presidential running mate after Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and Sarah Palin in 2008. She is the first person representing the Western United States to appear on the Democratic Party presidential ticket.
Nominee
Candidates
The following major candidates have either (a) served as vice president, a member of the cabinet, a U.S. senator, a U.S. representative, or a governor, (b) been included in a minimum of five independent national polls, or (c) received substantial media coverage.
Republican Party nomination
Primaries
In election cycles with incumbent presidents running for re-election, the race for the party nomination is usually pro-forma, with token opposition instead of any serious challengers and with their party rules being fixed in their favor. The 2020 election was not an exception; with Donald Trump formally seeking a second term, the official Republican apparatus, both state and national, coordinated with his campaign to implement changes to make it difficult for any primary opponent to mount a serious challenge. On January 25, 2019, the Republican National Committee unofficially endorsed Trump.
Several Republican state committees scrapped their respective primaries or caucuses, citing the fact that Republicans canceled several state primaries when George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush sought a second term in 1992 and 2004, respectively; and Democrats scrapped some of their primaries when Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were seeking reelection in 1996 and 2012, respectively. After cancelling their races, some states immediately pledged their delegates to Trump, while other states later held a convention or meeting to officially award their delegates to him.
The Trump campaign also urged Republican state committees that used proportional methods to award delegates in 2016 (where a state's delegates are divided proportionally among the candidates based on the vote percentage) to switch to a "winner-takes-all" (where the winning candidate in a state gets all its delegates) or "winner-takes-most" (where the winning candidate only wins all of the state's delegates if he exceeds a predetermined amount, otherwise they are divided proportionally) for 2020.
Nevertheless, reports arose beginning in August 2017 that members of the Republican Party were preparing a "shadow campaign" against the president, particularly from the party's moderate or establishment wings. Then-Arizona senator John McCain said, "Republicans see weakness in this president." Maine senator Susan Collins, Kentucky senator Rand Paul, and former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie all expressed doubts in 2017 that Trump would be the 2020 nominee. Senator Jeff Flake claimed in 2017 that Trump was "inviting" a primary challenger by the way he was governing.
Former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld became Trump's first major challenger in the Republican primaries following an announcement on April 15, 2019. Weld, who was the Libertarian Party's nominee for vice president in 2016, was considered a long shot because of Trump's popularity within his own party and Weld's positions on issues such as abortion, gun control and same-sex marriage that conflicted with conservative positions on those issues. In addition, businessman Rocky De La Fuente also entered the race but was not widely recognized as a major candidate.
Former Illinois representative Joe Walsh launched a primary challenge on August 25, 2019, saying he would not vote for Trump if Trump became the nominee. Walsh ended his presidential bid on February 7, 2020, after drawing around 1% support in the Iowa caucuses. Walsh declared that "nobody can beat Trump in a Republican primary" because the Republican Party was now "a cult" of Trump. On September 8, 2019, former South Carolina Governor and representative Mark Sanford officially announced that he would be another Republican primary challenger to Trump. He dropped out of the race 65 days later on November 12, 2019, after failing to gain support in Republican circles.
Trump's re-election campaign has essentially been ongoing since his victory in 2016, leading pundits to describe his tactic of holding rallies continuously throughout his presidency as a "never-ending campaign". On January 20, 2017, at 5:11p.m.EST, he submitted a letter as a substitute of FEC Form 2, by which he reached the legal threshold for filing, in compliance with the Federal Election Campaign Act. During the primary season, Trump ran an active campaign, even holding rallies in the February primary states, including South Carolina and Nevada where Republican primaries were canceled. Trump won every race and, having won enough delegates to ensure his nomination at the convention, became the presumptive nominee on March 17, 2020. Weld suspended his campaign the next day.
Nominee
Candidates
The following major candidates have either (a) held public office, (b) been included in a minimum of five independent national polls, or (c) received substantial media coverage.
Other parties and independent candidates
Libertarian Party nomination
Jo Jorgensen, who was the running mate of author Harry Browne in 1996, received the Libertarian nomination at the national convention on May 23, 2020. She achieved ballot access in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.
Nominee
Green Party nomination
Howie Hawkins became the presumptive nominee of the Green Party on June 21, 2020, and was officially nominated by the party on July 11, 2020. Hawkins was also nominated by the Socialist Party USA, Socialist Alternative, and the Legal Marijuana Now Party. Hawkins secured ballot access to 381 electoral votes and write-in access to 130 electoral votes.
Nominee
Other third-party and independent candidates
Various other minor party and independent candidates were on the ballot in several states, among them activist and writer Gloria La Riva, businessman and perennial candidate Rocky De La Fuente, coal executive Don Blankenship, entrepreneur Brock Pierce, rapper Kanye West, and educator Brian Carroll.
See also
Protests against Donald Trump
Social media in the 2020 United States presidential election
2020 United States gubernatorial elections
Notes
References
External links
General Elections, 3 November 2020, Reports and findings from the OSCE/ODIHR election observation mission
Donald Trump 2020 presidential campaign
Donald Trump
Mike Pence
Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign
Joe Biden
Kamala Harris
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on politics
November 2020 events in the United States
La Llorona () is a 1933 Mexican supernatural horror film directed by Ramón Peón and starring Ramón Pereda, Virginia Zurí, Adriana Lamar and Carlos Orellana.
Plot
Setting is Mexico. Maria is La Llorana “the crier”
Maria is poor but marries a wealthy man. She is quickly neglected as her husband pays more attention to the two sons than she. Out of a blind, passion filled rage, she drowns her two children.
She then kills herself. Yet she couldn't escape the horrors of what she did. She is trapped between life and death, crying out for her children. As a ghost she searches for the sons she drowned, unable to escape from earth to heaven until she finds them.
Cast
Cast adapted from the liner notes of the Indicator home video release of La Llorona.
Production
In the 1930s, a cycle of horror films began. In Mexico, the first sound film was released in 1932. La Llorona was one of the 21 sound films created in Mexico in 1933. The film's story is based on that of La llorona, a crying woman from Hispanic folklore who mourns her dead child. According to the newspaper El Universal, the filmmakers found difficulty in finding a voice for the ghost that would be convincing and not encourage laughter from the audience. Journalists of the newspaper noted that great expense was made to recreate the sets in the film to represent New Spain.
Release and reception
Prior to the film's release, Emily Masincup of the Northwestern University stated that the film was highly anticipated due to the number of laudatory articles found and large banner ads found in Mexico prior to its release. La Llorona was released in Mexico on 25 May 1933.
From contemporary reviews, the Mexican newspaper Excélsior who commented that both horror and mystery films were put out to great difficulty noting the special effects involved, but that La Llorona was more impressive as it had to do that and recreate the period film sets. The film was declared the most serious work put out by Mexico's film industry yet. The liner notes of Indicator's blu-ray release stated that the Excélsior review was a typical response to the film as Mexican press found the film technological achievements was met with a sense of national pride. Among the few desenting critics, Chano Urueta of Mundo cinematográfico found that the film trivialized Mexican history to create a Hollywood-like story. Harry T. Smith who reviewed the film in 1935 when it showed at Harlem's Teatro Compoamor, who found the film had "Excellent acting by all the principals" and that "some fine scenes of the Mexico of long ago all make the picture well worth seeing."
Legacy
Following the release of La Llorona, Guillermo Calles was selected to direct the short feature La Chillona, a parody of La Llorona. The Llorona figure has appeared in several films since the 1933 feature, including dramatic films such as La herencia de la Llorona (1947), the Western The Living Coffin (1958), the luchador film La Venganza de La Llorana (1974) as well as gothic horror films such as La Llorona (1960) and The Curse of the Crying Woman (1961). The character vanished from Mexican cinema for decades only to be resurrected in the new millennium with Kilometer 31 (2006), J-ok'el (2007), and La leyenda de la Llorona (2011).
La Llorona was believed to be lost for nearly half a century. It was uploaded to YouTube from what Emily Masincup of the Northwestern University described as a "poor quality television broadcast". While most films from the Calderón family studio survived from film negatives, La Llorona existed only as a 16 mm print. Peter Conheim of the Cinema Preservation Alliance stated this print was at least three generation removed from the primary source.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1933 films
Mexican black-and-white films
1930s Spanish-language films
1933 horror films
Mexican supernatural horror films
Films directed by Ramón Peón
1930s ghost films
Mexican ghost films
La Llorona
1930s Mexican films
André Trương Trọng Thi (1936–2005) was a Vietnamese-French engineer. He is considered to be the "father of the personal computer" for his 1973 creation along with French inventor François Gernelle of the Micral N microcomputer based on an Intel 8008 processor, one of the world's first commercial microcomputer.
Early life
Trương Trọng Thi was born in 1936 in Cholon (Saigon). When he was 14 years old, he arrived in France to study, and later studied at the École française de radioélectricité (now EFREI). After working for Schlumberger and Intertechnique for some time, he formed the company R2E (Réalisation d'Études Électroniques) in 1971.
In 1973, thanks to François Gernelle and a team of engineers, his company created the Micral, the first non-kit, microprocessor based personal computer in the world. It was created two years before the MITS Altair of Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems arrived on the market. In 1981, R2E was absorbed by Groupe Bull.
The Micral computers were turned into a line of PC-compatibles in 1983. André Truong Trong Thi resigned from Bull, and joined the company Normerel formed by J. R. Tissot, a former member of R2E management. He developed the Oplite personal computer for Normerel. Normerel was in 1988 the third French computer maker after Groupe Bull and SMT Goupil.
In 1995, he formed APCT, a software company specializing in cryptography. In 1999, he was awarded the Légion d'honneur.
He died on April 4, 2005 in Paris after being hospitalized for two and a half years.
External links
A Talk with the Father of Computing - Wired Magazine
Death of Andre Truong, inventor of the microcomputer - ZDNet France. Published on April 6, 2005
"Cha đẻ của máy vi tính" - Kỹ sư gốc Việt Trương Trọng Thi qua đời (the father of the personal computer passes away)Vietnam Television
French people of Vietnamese descent
20th-century French engineers
Vietnamese engineers
1936 births
2005 deaths
20th-century engineers
Phenazopyridine is a medication which, when excreted by the kidneys into the urine, has a local analgesic effect on the urinary tract. It is often used to help with the pain, irritation, or urgency caused by urinary tract infections, surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. Phenazopyridine was discovered by Bernhard Joos, the founder of Cilag.
Medical uses
Phenazopyridine is prescribed for its local analgesic effects on the urinary tract. It is sometimes used in conjunction with an antibiotic or other anti-infective medication at the beginning of treatment to help provide immediate symptomatic relief. Phenazopyridine does not treat infections or injury; it is only used for symptom relief. It is recommended that it be used for no longer than the first two days of antibacterial treatment as longer treatment may mask symptoms.
Phenazopyridine is also prescribed for other cases requiring relief from irritation or discomfort during urination. For example, it is often prescribed after the use of an in-dwelling Foley catheter, endoscopic (cystoscopy) procedures, or after urethral, prostate, or urinary bladder surgery which may result in irritation of the epithelial lining of the urinary tract.
This medication is not used to treat infection and may mask symptoms of inappropriately treated UTI. It provides symptom relief during a UTI, following surgery, or injury to the urinary tract. UTI therapy should be limited to 1–2 days. Long-term use of phenazopyridine can mask symptoms.
Side effects
Phenazopyridine produces a vivid color change in urine, typically to a dark orange to reddish color. This effect is common and harmless, and indeed a key indicator of the presence of the medication in the body. Users of phenazopyridine are warned not to wear contact lenses, as phenazopyridine has been known to permanently discolor contact lenses and fabrics. It also tends to leave an orange-yellow stain on surfaces it comes in contact with. Some may be mistakenly concerned that this indicated blood in the urine.
Phenazopyridine can also cause headaches, upset stomach (especially when not taken with food), or dizziness. Less frequently it can cause a pigment change in the skin or eyes, to a noticeable yellowish color. This is due to a depressed excretion via the kidneys causing a buildup of the medication in the skin, and normally indicates a need to discontinue usage. Other such side effects include fever, confusion, shortness of breath, skin rash, and swelling of the face, fingers, feet, or legs. Long-term use may cause yellowing of nails.
Phenazopyridine should be avoided by people with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, because it can cause hemolysis (destruction of red blood cells) due to oxidative stress. It has been reported to cause methemoglobinemia after overdose and even normal doses. In at least one case the patient had pre-existing low levels of methemoglobin reductase, which likely predisposed her to the condition. It has also been reported to cause sulfhemoglobinemia.
Phenazopyridine is an azo dye. Other azo dyes, which were previously used in textiles, printing, and plastic manufacturing, have been implicated as carcinogens that can cause bladder cancer. While phenazopyridine has never been shown to cause cancer in humans, evidence from animal models suggests that it is potentially carcinogenic.
Pregnancy
This medication is pregnancy category B. This means that the medication has shown no adverse events in animal models, but no human trials have been conducted. It is not known if phenazopyridine is excreted in breast milk.
Pharmacokinetics
The full pharmacokinetic properties of phenazopyridine have not been determined. It has mostly been studied in animal models, but they may not be very representative of humans. Rat models have shown its half-life to be 7.35 hours, and 40% is metabolized hepatically (by the liver).
Mechanism of action
Phenazopyridine's mechanism of action is not well known, and only basic information on its interaction with the body is available. It is known that the chemical has a direct topical analgesic effect on the mucosa lining of the urinary tract. It is rapidly excreted by the kidneys directly into the urine. Hydroxylation is the major form of metabolism in humans, and the azo bond is usually not cleaved. On the order of 65% of an oral dose will be secreted directly into the urine chemically unchanged.
Brand names
In addition to its generic form, phenazopyridine is distributed under the following brand names:
References
External links
Information about phenazopyridine from the US National Library of Medicine
Interstitial Cystitis Association
American Urological Association
Azo compounds
Drugs with unknown mechanisms of action
Aminopyridines
Analgesics
IARC Group 2B carcinogens
Aviat Networks (NASDAQ:AVNW) is a global provider of microwave transport and backhaul solutions, providing public and private operators with communications infrastructure to accommodate the growth of IP-centric, multi-gigabit data services.
Headquartered in Austin, Texas since November 2019, Aviat Networks has operations in North and South America, Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East.
The company's President and CEO is Peter Smith, who was appointed on January 2, 2020.
History
The company was founded on January 29, 2007 with the merger of Harris Corporation's Microwave Communications Division and Stratex Networks and incorporated under the name Harris Stratex Networks. The company renamed and rebranded itself to become Aviat Networks on January 28, 2010.
Stratex Networks was the new name for Digital Microwave Corporation (DMC) which was founded in 1984 in San Jose, California.
In February 2009, Harris Stratex acquired Telsima, developer and provider of WiMAX Forum Certified products for use in next-generation broadband wireless networks, for $12 million. In September 2008, Harris Stratex announced a partnership agreement with Telsima for end-to-end 4G network solutions.
In July 2022, Aviat completed the acquisition of Redline Communications, a leading provider in mission-critical data infrastructure.
Name and ticker symbol change
On January 28, 2010, at the opening of the Nasdaq trading session, Harris Stratex Networks announced they had renamed their company to become Aviat Networks. Along with the name change the company unveiled new corporate branding with a new company logo and relaunch of the corporate website. The company also changed their NASDAQ ticker symbol to AVNW. The new symbol began trading on the morning of January 29, 2010, retiring the old HSTX; this date also marked the company's third anniversary since incorporation.
Customer profile and recent contracts
Aviat Networks customers include fixed and mobile operators, public safety operators, state and federal governments, utilities, oil and gas companies, broadcast and transportation network operators worldwide.
Products and solutions
Aviat's portfolio of wireless products encompasses microwave and millimeter wave bands between 5 and 80 GHz. Architectures supported include split-mount (indoor/outdoor), all-outdoor and all-indoor radio designs to accommodate operators specific needs.
References
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Telecommunication companies of the United States
Bárid mac Oitir (, died 914) was a Viking leader who may have ruled the Isle of Man in the early 10th century.
Biography
Bárid mac Oitir is mentioned once in contemporary Irish annals. The Annals of Ulster in 914 record:
This incident is the earliest known occasion where Vikings are linked with Man.
Notes
References
Citations
Primary sources
Secondary sources
External links
CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork. The Corpus of Electronic Texts includes the Annals of Ulster and the Four Masters, the Chronicon Scotorum and the Book of Leinster as well as Genealogies, and various Saints' Lives. Most are translated into English, or translations are in progress.
Viking rulers
914 deaths
10th-century Vikings
The Luyas are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2006 from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
History
The Luyas did their first live performance in December 2006. Their first album, Faker Death came out in August 2007, and was re-released in January 2008 on Pome Records; that label was subsequently disbanded and the album's distribution rights were picked up by You've Changed Records.
Jessie Stein, formerly active in SS Cardiacs, is also a member of Miracle Fortress, and is the sister of By Divine Right's José Miguel Contreras. Amato and Schneider are both members of Bell Orchestre, Amato also plays in Torngat and was formerly a horn player for Arcade Fire.
The band played at the Pop Montreal festival in 2008 and the M for Montreal Festival in 2009.
The band uses an uncommon set of instruments featuring guitars, a French horn, piles of keyboards, drums and percussion. Singer/guitarist Jessie Stein expands the band's musical vocabulary when she plays the Moodswinger, a 12-string electric zither designed by the Dutch experimental luthier Yuri Landman. The band became a four-piece band with the addition of Mathieu Charbonneau in their line-up.
The Luyas were profiled by McSweeneys in the spring of 2010. In the same year the band signed to Dead Oceans for a release of their second album. Working with engineer Jeff McMurrich (Tindersticks, Constantines), The Luyas have also teamed up with friend and colleague Owen Pallett, who is lending his arranging skills and violin playing to a number of tracks.
The Luyas released their second album Too Beautiful to Work on Dead Oceans in February 2011. The Canadian release of the record was also in February 2011 via a new imprint called Idée Fixe Records.
On January 9, 2012, the band announced that Stefan Schneider would no longer be playing with the band, stating, "We love him, but he's got other plans.". Schneider was replaced by former Land of Talk drummer, Mark Wheaton.
Their third studio album, Animator, was announced with an October 16, 2012, release date on Paper Bag Records. In June 2013, the album was longlisted for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize. Following Animator, Stefan Schneider rejoined the band, and the group recorded two releases featuring both Schneider and Wheaton. In September 2016 the band released the six track EP Say You through Paper Bag Records and embarked on a tour in support.
This was followed by their fourth LP, “Human Voicing”, which was also released on Paper Bag.
Members
Jessie Stein (Vocals/guitars/moodswinger)
Pietro Amato (French horn, bells, keys)
Stefan Schneider (Drums) (2006-2012)
Mathieu Charbonneau (Wurlitzer)
Mark "Bucky" Wheaton (Drums) (2012–present)
Sarah Neufeld (Violin) (2009–present)
Discography
EPs
Tiny Head/Spherical Mattress 7" 2009, Self-Released
The Luyas/Twin Sister split 7" 2011, Dead Oceans
Says You, September 2016
Albums
Faker Death, 2007, re-release 2008, Pome Records
Too Beautiful to Work, February 2011, Dead Oceans
Animator, October 2012, Dead Oceans
Human Voicing, February 2017
See also
Music of Canada
Music of Quebec
Canadian rock
List of Canadian musicians
List of bands from Canada
References
External links
The Luyas on Paper Bag Records (label)
The Luyas on CBC Music
Musical groups established in 2006
Canadian indie rock groups
Musical groups from Montreal
English-language musical groups from Quebec
Paper Bag Records artists
Dead Oceans artists
Carl-Anders Dymling (1898-1961) was a Swedish film producer and director.
Biography
Dymling became a Candidate of Philosophy at the University of Gothenburg in 1921 and a Philosophy Licentiate in literary history in 1925.
In 1931 he became head of Radioteatern in Stockholm.
Between 1942 and his death in 1961, he was President of Svensk Filmindustri, heading the county's largest film company. He initiated an policy of making prestigious, artistic productions that was less than successful. Although he was resistant to the making of the melodrama Sunshine Follows Rain, based on Margit Söderholm's novel, the 1946 release turned out to be the company's most profitable film of the sound era.
References
Bibliography
Gunnar Iverson, Astrid Soderbergh Widding & Tytti Soila. Nordic National Cinemas. Routledge, 2005.
External links
1898 births
1961 deaths
People from Gothenburg
University of Gothenburg alumni
Swedish film producers
Burials at Norra begravningsplatsen
Willie Lee Rose (May 18, 1927 – June 20, 2018) was an American historian. She was a professor of American History at Johns Hopkins University, and the author of several books about slavery and the Reconstruction Era.
Early life
Rose was born as Willie Lee Nichols on May 18, 1927 in Moneta, Virginia. She grew up in Bedford, Virginia.
Rose graduated from University of Mary Washington, where she earned a bachelor's degree in 1947. She earned a PhD in History from Johns Hopkins University in 1962.
Career
Rose was a history professor at the University of Virginia until 1973, when she returned to Johns Hopkins University as faculty. She was a history professor at Johns Hopkins until 1992. She was the Harold Vyvyan Harmsworth Visiting Professor of American History at the University of Oxford in 1977.
Rose authored several books about slavery and the Reconstruction Era. She won the Allan Nevins Prize and the Francis Parkman Prize from the Society of American Historians and the Troyer Steele Anderson Prize from the American Historical Association in 1991.
Personal life and death
Rose married William G. Rose in 1949. He predeceased her in 1985.
Rose died on June 20, 2018 in Baltimore, Maryland, at 91.
Selected works
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
People from Bedford, Virginia
University of Mary Washington alumni
20th-century American historians
American women historians
Historians of slavery
Historians of the United States
20th-century American women writers
Historians from Virginia
21st-century American women
The UK Space Conference is an biennial conference devoted to space, held in the United Kingdom. The conference hosts the annual Sir Arthur Clarke Award prizegiving dinner in its conference years.
History
The UK Space Conference evolved out of the British Rocket Oral History Programme (BROHP) annual conference which had been running since 1998. The rebranding of the conference in 2007 signalled a broadening of its remit. The 2008 event included parallel sessions on Education, Research, Engineering and Astronomy as well as History.
Until 2010, the conference was held at Charterhouse School in Surrey in March each year. Beginning in 2011, the conference has been held every two years.
The 2011 event was held at the University of Warwick in Coventry on 4 and 5 July.
The 2013 conference was held at the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre in Glasgow on 16 and 17 July.
The 2015 event was held in Liverpool.
The 2017 conference was held at the Manchester Central Convention Complex between 30 May and 1 June. Sponsors included the UK Space Agency, ESA and DSTL.
The 2019 event took place at the Newport International Convention Centre Wales from 23-26 September 2019. Tim Peake was among the speakers.
References
External links
UK Space Conference
BROHP
The SARTHE Report which recommended the creation of the UK Space Conference
Annual events in the United Kingdom
Conferences in the United Kingdom
Space programme of the United Kingdom
Space science
Mont Colombier (2,043 m) is a mountain of the Bauges Massif in the French Prealps in Savoie, France.
References
Mountains of Savoie
Mountains of the Alps
Two-thousanders of France
Damodar River (Pron: /ˈdʌmoˌdaː/) is a river flowing across the Indian states of Jharkhand and West Bengal. Rich in mineral resources, the valley is home to large-scale mining and industrial activity. Earlier known as the Sorrow of Bengal because of its ravaging floods in the plains of West Bengal, the Damodar and its tributaries have been somewhat tamed with the construction of several dams. It is the most polluted river of India (by 2003).
Etymology
Means "rope around the belly", derived from Sanskrit दाम (dama) "rope" and उदर (udara) "belly". This is another name of the Hindu god Krishna, given to him because his foster-mother, Yashoda tied him to a large urn.
Tributaries
It has a number of tributaries and subtributaries, such as Barakar, Konar, Bokaro, Haharo, Jamunia, Ghari, Guaia, Khadia and Bhera. The Damodar and the Barakar trifurcates the Chota Nagpur plateau. The rivers pass through hilly areas with great force, sweeping away whatever lies in their path. Two bridges on the Grand Trunk Road near Barhi in Hazaribagh district were torn down by the Barakar: the great stone bridge in 1913 and the subsequent iron bridge in 1946.
River of Sorrows
The Chota Nagpur Plateau receives an average annual rainfall of around , almost all of it in the monsoon months between June and August. The huge volume of water that flows down the Damodar and its tributaries during the monsoons used to be a fury in the upper reaches of the valley. In the lower valley it used to overflow its banks and flood large areas.
Damodar River was earlier known as the "River of Sorrows" as it used to flood many areas of Bardhaman, Hooghly, Howrah and Medinipur districts. Even now the floods sometimes affect the lower Damodar Valley, but the havoc it wreaked in earlier years is now a matter of history.
The floods were virtually an annual ritual. In some years the damage was probably more. Many of the great floods of the Damodar are recorded in history — 1770, 1855, 1866, 1873–74, 1875–76, 1884–85, 1891–92, 1897, 1900, 1907, 1913, 1927, 1930, 1935 and 1943. In four of these floods (1770, 1855, 1913 and 1943) most of Bardhaman town was flooded.
In 1789 an agreement was signed between Maharaja Kirti Chand of Burdwan and the East India Company wherein the Maharaja was asked to pay an additional amount of for the construction and maintenance of embankment to prevent floods. However, these ran into dispute and in 1866 and 1873, The Bengal Embankment Act was passed, transferring the powers to build and maintain embankment to the government.
So great was the devastation every year that the floods passed into folklore, as the following Bhadu song testifies:
We have sown the crops in Asar
We will bring Bhadu in Bhadra.
Floods have swollen the Damodar
The sailing boats cannot sail.
O Damodar! We fall at your feet
Reduce the floods a little.
Bhadu will come a year later
Let the boats sail on your surface.
Damodar Valley
The Damodar Valley is spread across Hazaribagh, Ramgarh, Koderma, Giridih, Dhanbad, Bokaro and Chatra districts in Jharkhand and Bardhaman and Hooghly districts in West Bengal and partially covers Palamu, Ranchi, Lohardaga and Dumka districts in Jharkhand and Howrah, Bankura and Purulia districts in West Bengal with a command area of .
The Damodar valley is rich in coal. It is considered as the prime centre of coking coal in the country. Massive deposits are found in the central basin spreading over . The important coalfields in the basin are Jharia, Raniganj, West Bokaro, East Bokaro, Ramgarh, South Karanpura and North Karanpura.
The Damodar Valley is one of the most industrialised parts of India. Three integrated steel plants (Bokaro, Burnpur and Durgapur) of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) and other factories are in the valley.
Damodar Valley Corporation (D.V.C.)
Several dams have been constructed in the valley, for the generation of hydroelectric power. The valley is called “the Ruhr of India”. Damodar Valley Corporation, popularly known as DVC, came into being on July 7, 1948, by an Act of the Constituent Assembly of India (Act No. XIV of 1948) as the first multipurpose river valley project of independent India. It is modeled on the Tennessee Valley Authority of the United States.
The initial focus of the DVC were flood control, irrigation, generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, eco-conservation and afforestation, as well as job creation for the socio-economic well-being of the people residing in and around areas affected by DVC projects. However, over the past few decades, power generation has gained priority. Other objectives of the DVC remain part of its primary responsibility. The dams in the valley have a capacity to moderate peak floods of . DVC has created irrigation potential of .
The first dam was built across the Barakar River, a tributary of the Damodar river at Tilaiya in 1953. The second one was built across the Konar River, another tributary of the Damodar river at Konar in 1955. Two dams across the rivers Barakar and Damodar were built at Maithon in 1957 and Panchet in 1958. Both the dams are some upstream of the confluence point of the rivers. These four major dams are controlled by DVC. Durgapur Barrage was constructed downstream of the four dams in 1955, across the Damodar river at Durgapur, with head regulators for canals on either side for feeding an extensive system of canals and distributaries. In 1978, the government of Bihar (that was before the formation of the state of Jharkhand) constructed the Tenughat Dam across the Damodar river outside the control of DVC. It proposes constructing a dam across the Barakar river at Belpahari in Jharkhand state.
References
Rivers of Jharkhand
Rivers of West Bengal
Rivers of India
The women's 4 × 100 metre medley relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 25 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows:
The following records were established during the competition:
BK – Backstroke lead-off leg
Results
The final was held at 19:24.
References
Women's 4 x 100 metre medley relay
Medit
Andrea Caldarelli (born 14 February 1990 in Pescara) is an Italian racing driver. He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, the Formula Three Euroseries, GP2 Asia, the GP3 Series and the Super Formula series.
He undertook a Formula One test in 2008 with Toyota Racing and in 2010 with Ferrari.
Career
Super GT
Caldarelli claimed his maiden victory in Super GT in 2014. Driving alongside Daisuke Itō for Lexus Team KeePer TOM'S, Caldarelli claimed victory in the opening race of the season at Okayama. The duo would finish the season second in the GT500-class championship to Tsugio Matsuda and Ronnie Quintarelli.
Lamborghini factory driver
Ahead of the 2017 Blancpain GT Series campaign, Caldarelli joined Lamborghini Squadra Corse's factory roster, taking part in the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup campaign with GRT Grasser Racing Team. Partnering with Christian Engelhart and Mirko Bortolotti, the trio claimed the series championship at season's end. Two years later, Caldarelli swept all three of the championships under the GT World Challenge Europe umbrella; the Endurance Cup, Sprint Cup, and combined championship at large.
For the 2021 season, Caldarelli began competing in the United States, taking part in K-Pax Racing's return to the GT World Challenge America. Paired with Jordan Pepper, Caldarelli would claim nine overall victories in 13 races, taking the series championship two races early. He returned to the team the following year, successfully defending his title during the 2022 season.
In July 2022, Caldarelli was named as one of the first drivers slated to compete in Lamborghini's LMDh entry, set to debut in 2024.
Racing record
Complete GP2 Series results
Complete GP2 Asia Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP3 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Formula Nippon/Super Formula Results
(Races in bold indicate pole position)
Complete Super GT results
Complete Blancpain GT World Challenge Europe results
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
Complete British GT Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position in class) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap in class)
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pescara
Italian racing drivers
Italian Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Asian Formula Renault Challenge drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 WEC drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
Italian Formula Three Championship drivers
GP2 Asia Series drivers
GP3 Series drivers from Italy
Formula Nippon drivers
FIA Institute Young Driver Excellence Academy drivers
Super GT drivers
Super Formula drivers
International GT Open drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
British GT Championship drivers
Prema Powerteam drivers
GT World Challenge America drivers
Lamborghini people
Ocean Racing Technology drivers
Tech 1 Racing drivers
Kondō Racing drivers
TOM'S drivers
Team LeMans drivers
Sports car racing team owners
SG Formula drivers
Lucio Pellegrini (born 20 October 1965) is an Italian director and screenwriter.
Early life
On 20 October 1965, Pellegrini was born in Asti, Italy.
Career
Pellegrini started his career in 1992 as a television writer, collaborating with RAI, Mediaset and MTV. After directing a short film (Biodegradabile, 1997) and several commercial shorts, in 1999 he made his feature film debut with the comedy film E allora mambo!, which got him a nomination for Silver Ribbon for Best Director.
Filmography
E allora mambo! (1999)
Tandem (2000)
Now or Never (2003)
La vita è breve ma la giornata è lunghissima (co-directed with Gianni Zanasi, 2005)
Unlikely Revolutionaries (2010)
The Perfect Life (2011)
È nata una star? (2012)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Italian film directors
Italian television directors
Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
People from Asti
20th-century Italian people
Burton is a small residential suburb approximately 21 kilometres north of the CBD of Adelaide, South Australia. It is located five km north-west of Salisbury in the flat terrain of the Adelaide Plains. The suburb contains two wetland reserves, including Kaurna Park.
History
The Kaurna, an Aboriginal Australian people, occupied the land of Burton and surrounding Adelaide Plains area prior to European settlement. The first Methodist chapel (also used as a schoolroom) was built in the Burton area in 1858.
School
Burton Primary (R-7) is a local school which opened in 1990. It educates over 400 students each year. The students mainly come from low socio-economic backgrounds. In 2006, 30+% of the student population were School cardholders. 40% of the student population came from Non-English Speaking Backgrounds
and 15 nationalities were represented at the school. English as a Second Language (ESL) programs were given a high priority as were Maintenance of Mother Tongue (MTM). The two MTM languages offered were
Khmer and Vietnamese.
Burton Primary was selected as an Apple Distinguished School, one of only 29 schools nationally.
Transport
Public Transport in Burton is serviced by Adelaide Metro. Three main bus services pass through the streets of Burton to Paralowie Shopping Centre, Mawson Interchange and Virginia.
Environment
Wodliparri Trail at Kaurna Park
Kaurna Park is an Urban wetland, which was created from degraded farming land. The park was named after the Kaurna, a group of Indigenous Australians who traditionally owned the local land. The Wodliparri is a river that flows into the wetlands. Wodliparri is the Kaurna name for the Milky Way.
The park site contains winding trails with a series of board walks, which leads visitors across a series of channels and through a growing array of native flora. The wetland is both a home and stopping point for a number of animals, birds and other fauna.
The City of Salisbury and the Kaurna Aboriginal Community worked together to develop an Indigenous interpretive trail at the Kaurna Park wetlands site. The Kaurna Park Project was designed to build community respect for Kaurna culture and history. It is also hoped that Kaurna Park will become a focus for reconciliation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians.
Residents
According to the 2001 Australian Bureau of Statistics Census, the population of Burton was 3,414 people, in an area of 9.6 square kilometres. The suburb was evenly distributed between genders with 50.44% male residents. The Census showed Burton was a multicultural community with 30.39% of residents born in the United Kingdom, Vietnam, Poland, Italy, Greece, and various other countries.
In 2001 45.56% of Burton residents were of Christian faith, primarily Catholic. 22.85% of people claimed to follow no religion, and 16.90% were Buddhist. Almost all dwellings in the suburb were Separate house with 99.36% of dwellings in this form. The suburb had an unemployment rate of 13.59%, which is greater than the state average. The Median age of residents was 27. The Median weekly individual income was $300–$399 and the median weekly household income was $700–$799.
Politics
See also
List of Adelaide suburbs
References
External links
Burton Primary School
City of Salisbury website
Springbank Waters housing estate
Suburbs of Adelaide
Frederick Hammersley (January 5, 1919 – May 31, 2009) was an American abstract painter. His participation in the 1959 Four Abstract Classicists exhibit secured his place in art history.
Early years
Frederick Hammersley was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. His father, a Department of the Interior employee, moved the family to Blackfoot, Idaho and eventually to San Francisco, where the young Hammersley first took art lessons. His studies later took him back to Idaho, at Idaho State University in Pocatello from 1936 to 1938 and then to Los Angeles for the Chouinard Art Institute starting in 1940. There he studied everything from figure painting to lettering and his instructors included Rico Lebrun. His artistic training was interrupted by a stint in the U.S. Army Signal Corps and Infantry as a graphic designer. His World War II service in England, Germany, and France was from 1942 to 1946. Fortuitously, he was stationed in Paris near the end of his service, and he took the opportunity to attend the École des Beaux-Arts in 1945. During this period, Hammersley met Pablo Picasso, Georges Braque and Constantin Brâncuși, visited their studios, and made sketches.
Hammersley returned to the U.S. and resumed his studies at Chouinard (1946), with financial assistance from the G.I. Bill. A year later, he continued his art education at the experimental Jepson Art Institute for another three years.
Work
He began a teaching career at Jepson in 1948, staying until 1951. Subsequent teaching positions included Pomona College (1953–62), Pasadena Art Museum (1956–61), Chouinard (1964–68), and University of New Mexico (1968–71).
Hammersley first gained widespread acclaim when his paintings were featured in the landmark Four Abstract Classicists exhibit, which also showcased the work of Karl Benjamin, John McLaughlin, and Lorser Feitelson. This 1959 exhibit was organized by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and curated by Jules Langsner, who, with Peter Selz, coined the term "hard-edge painting" to describe the work of these artists. The exhibit, which traveled to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Institute of Contemporary Arts in London and Queen's University in Belfast, Northern Ireland, was praised for its presentation of cool abstractions which were very different from the emotional ones of the established abstract expressionist movement.
He moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1968 and took a teaching position at the University of New Mexico; he stopped teaching in 1971 so that he could concentrate full-time on painting. In 1973 he was honored with a prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship in painting, and he received National Endowment for the Arts fellowships in 1975 and 1977.
Hammersley wrote in an exhibition catalog, "hard-edge is often very hard to take, coming to it cold – or, even to the practiced eye". He expanded his repertoire beyond hard-edge, dividing his art into three categories: "hunches", "geometrics", and "organics".
"Hunch" paintings, produced from 1953 to 1959, start by laying down an initial shape. Other shapes are successively added, and the whole evolves in unplanned ways. Hammersley explained: "My painting begins with a hunch, no plan, no theory, just a feeling to make a shape. That shape dictates what and where the next will go, and so on..." The final canvas may be suggestive of a still-life or a landscape, although still quite abstract. Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher Miles wrote that "they show Hammersley to have been, from the start, as keen a student of Modernist style as he was of color and composition."
"Geometrics" are orchestrated compositions of sharp geometric forms, painted from 1959 to 1964, and from 1965 to the mid-'90s. While more rigidly composed than Hunches, they still retain a degree of playfulness. A gridded canvas may have sections divided by diagonals or arcs. The triangles, squares, and other geometric shapes combine to form interlocking relationships to each other, creating a rhythmic composition with interchangeable positive and negative space.
"Organics" consist of freely curving shapes inspired by the natural world. These works, produced in 1964 and from 1982 into the 2000s, also contain interlocking shapes, but, as Miles wrote, they "are more evocative and suggestive, with elements seeming to probe and penetrate, embrace and envelop one another. Particularly effective is the combination of hard breaks between colors from one shape to the next with gradations between colors within a shape. In Comes Out Eden, #8 (1994), shapes seem to fade in and out, to merge, dematerialize or change states – to behave like chameleons and run hot and cold."
In reviewing Visual Puns and Hard-Edge Poems: Works by Frederick Hammersley, a 2000 retrospective, Los Angeles Times critic Leah Ollman wrote that he ... proved himself a more soft-hearted humanist than a hard-edged purist. ...
Hammersley takes several steps toward making his work more accessible, less aloof. For one, he uses titles as invitations in, catalysts to closer looking. ... [P]unning, free-associative title ideas ... mimic the formal dynamics enacted by the shapes... They joust, contradict, tease, echo and conspire.
Another savvy and refreshing move Hammersley makes is to counter the clean, impersonal precision of hard-edge painting with the amusing presence of his own personality, his own hand. ... Most brilliantly of all, he contains each of his works within wooden frames that he makes by hand... Artificially distressed and self-consciously homey, the frames offset the neat balances of the images within. They nudge the works into a stylistic no-man's-land, which is all the richer for its internal contradictions and resistance to cut-and-dried uniformity.
By reinforcing a connection to the familiar world of touch, the frames also scuttle the notion that abstraction belongs to a rarefied superstratum of experience. Hammersley consistently keeps his feet on the ground and his gaze on the world around him, a world where abstractions are a functional part of the mix.
Art critic David Pagel commented that the complex arrangements of colors and geometric shapes in some paintings featured in a 2002 show made Hammersley "look like a Baroque artist in Minimalist clothing.
In addition to paintings, Hammersley also produced photographs, computer-generated art, prints and drawings.
Hammersley died on May 31, 2009 at his home in Albuquerque.
Selected exhibitions
A small sample of Hammersley's exhibitions:
Solo exhibitions
1962 California Palace of the Legion of Honor
1963 La Jolla Art Museum, La Jolla, CA
1965 Santa Barbara Museum of Art, Santa Barbara, CA
1999–2000 Visual Puns and Hard-Edge Poems: Works by Frederick Hammersley, Museum of Fine Arts (Santa Fe), University of New Mexico, Laguna Beach Art Museum
2007 Hunches, Geometrics, Organics: Paintings by Frederick Hammersley, Pomona College Museum of Art
2011 Organic and Geometric, Ameringer, McEnery, Yohe, New York, NY
Group exhibitions
1959-60 Four Abstract Classicists, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; Los Angeles County Museum of Art; Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, England; Queen's University, Belfast, Northern Ireland; Western Association of Art Museums
1965 The Responsive Eye, Museum of Modern Art
1977 35th Corcoran Biennial
1994-96 Still Working, Corcoran Gallery of Art, The Chicago Cultural Center, The New School for Social Research, The Virginia Beach Center for the Arts, The Fischer Art Gallery at U.S.C., The Portland Museum of Art
2007-2009 Birth of the Cool, Orange County Museum of Art, Addison Gallery of American Art, Phillips Academy, Oakland Museum of California, The Blanton Museum of Art, The University of Texas at Austin
Collections
Hammersley's work is in many prominent collections including:
Albright-Knox Art Gallery
Albuquerque Museum
Butler Institute of American Art
Corcoran Gallery of Art
Fogg Museum
High Museum of Art
The Huntington
La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art
Los Angeles County Museum of Art
New Mexico Museum of Art
Oakland Museum
Orange County Museum of Art
Roswell Museum and Art Center
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art
Santa Barbara Museum of Art
References
External links
Frederick Hammersley at L.A. Louver, with biography, articles, and many images organized by decade
Archive containing various articles about Frederick Hammersley
Frederick Hammersley papers Detailed description of the Frederick Hammersley papers at the Archives of American Art.
Frederick Interview of Frederick Hammersley, January 2003. Center for Oral History Research, UCLA Library Special Collections, University of California, Los Angeles.
Frederick Hammersley sketchbooks, prints, notes, and working materials, 1948-1980. The Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, Accession no. 2013.M.33. The sketchbooks, notebooks and working materials provide meticulous technical details regarding Hammersley's methodology and the formal experimentation that preceded many of his paintings.
Abstract painters
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
National Endowment for the Arts Fellows
University of New Mexico faculty
Pomona College faculty
American alumni of the École des Beaux-Arts
Idaho State University alumni
Chouinard Art Institute alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
Artists from Salt Lake City
Artists from Albuquerque, New Mexico
1919 births
2009 deaths
20th-century American male artists
Konrad Łukasz Niedźwiedzki (born 2 January 1985, Polish pronunciation: [ˈkɔnɾat ɲɛd͡ʑˈvʲjɛt͡ski]) is a Polish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal life
Konrad Niedźwiedzki was born in Warsaw, Poland. His father Krzysztof is coach of Polish national speed skating team. Konrad dated with Katarzyna Woźniak also speed skater.
Olympic Games
In the 2013 World Single Distance Championships in Sochi, Russia, Niedźwiedzki won the bronze medal in the men's team pursuit together with Zbigniew Bródka and Jan Szymański. The same result was reached at the 2014 Winter Olympics which was held at the same venue.
Personal records
Career highlights
Olympic Winter Games
2006 – Torino, 13th at 1000 m
2006 – Torino, 12th at 1500 m
World Allround Championships
2006 – Calgary, 8th
World Single Distance Championships
2005 – Inzell, 14th at 1500 m
European Allround Championships
2005 – Heerenveen, 22nd
2006 – Hamar, 14th
2007 – Collalbo, 13th
2008 – Kolomna, 13th
World Cup
2004 – Hamar, 3rd at team pursuit
2005 – Baselga di Pinè, 3rd at team pursuit
World Junior Allround Championships
2001 – Groningen, 34th
2002 – Collalbo, 12th
2004 – Roseville, Minnesota, 13th
National Championships
2003 – Warsaw, 3rd at 1500 m
2004 – Tomaszów Mazowiecki, 2nd at 1500 m
2004 – Tomaszów Mazowiecki, 3rd at 1000 m
2004 – Sanok, 2nd at sprint
2007 – Warsaw, 3rd at 500 m
2007 – Warsaw, 3rd at 5000 m
2007 – Warsaw, 1st at 1500 m
2007 – Warsaw, 1st at 1000 m
Nordic Junior Games
2004 – Berlin, 1st at 1500 m
2004 – Berlin, 3rd at 3000 m
2004 – Berlin, 1st at 1000 m
References
External links
Konrad Niedźwiedzki at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
1985 births
Living people
Polish male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Poland
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in speed skating
Olympic bronze medalists for Poland
Speed skaters from Warsaw
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade gold medalists for Poland
Universiade silver medalists for Poland
Universiade bronze medalists for Poland
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
The Class E 50 is an electric heavy freight locomotive built for German Federal Railways between 1957 and 1973. It belongs to the Einheits-Elektrolokomotiven (standardised electric locomotives) program and was built as a heavy freight mover to be used on the increasingly electrified main lines of the DB, where they were set to replace the steam traction. In 1968 the series was redesignated as class 150 (E50). Originally the Class 150 was also suitable for passenger service; however, it did not have any steam or electric heating capability for the passenger coaches.
Production
In 1957 the first locomotive, 150 001, was delivered by AEG and Krupp. Altogether, 194 locomotives were ordered and delivered.
Performance
To date, the Class 150's starting tractive effort of remains unparalleled on German rails. In fact, it was very close to the breaking force of the buffers and chain couplers used at the time of its production. Some engines were therefore fitted with automatic coupling (type unicupler AK69e) to haul heavy ore-trains.
Survivors
By 2004 all class 150 locomotives except 150 091 and 150 186 were scrapped.
Electric locomotives of Germany
15 kV AC locomotives
150
Co′Co′ locomotives
AEG locomotives
Brown, Boveri & Cie locomotives
Siemens locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Krauss-Maffei locomotives
Krupp locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1957
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Freight locomotives
Miguel Fenelon Câmara Filho (4 April 1925 – 28 June 2018) was a Brazilian Catholic archbishop.
Câmara Filho was born in Brazil and was ordained to the priesthood in 1948. He served as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fortaleza, Brazil, and titular bishop of AthTruim, from 1970 to 1974. Câmara Filho then served as coadjutor of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Maceio, Brazil, from 1974 to 1976 and as archbishop of the archdiocese from 1976 to 1984. Finally Câmara Filho served as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Teresina, Brazil from 1986 to 2001.
Notes
1925 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Brazil
Roman Catholic bishops of Fortaleza
Roman Catholic archbishops of Maceió
Roman Catholic archbishops of Teresina
Events in the year 2021 in Costa Rica.
Incumbents
President: Carlos Alvarado Quesada
First Vice President: Epsy Campbell Barr
Second Vice President: Marvin Rodríguez Cordero
Events
Ongoing – COVID-19 pandemic in Costa Rica
January 30 – Tourism Minister Gustavo Segura predicts about one million tourists will visit Costa Rica in 2021, on par with the 1,011,000 in 2020 but sharply down from the 3,139,000 international visitors of 2019.
February 8 – Students return to live classes after suspension for the COVID-19 pandemic.
March 28–April 3 — Holy Week
April 11 – Juan Santamaría Day, 165th anniversary of the hero′s death.
July 26 – Guanacaste Day, 197th anniversary of the annexation of Guanacaste Province.
August 15 – Mother's Day and Assumption of Mary.
September 20 – Independence Day, 206th anniversary of the Act of Independence of Central America.
December 1 – Army Abolition Day, since 1948.
Sports
August 24 to September 5 – Costa Rica at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
2020–21 Liga FPD
Deaths
March 20 – Bernal Jiménez Monge, 91, politician, president of the Legislative Assembly (1984–1985), MP (1982–1986, 2002–2006) and minister of economy and finance (1964–1965).
See also
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
COVID-19 pandemic in North America
References
External links
Costa Rica's ‘explosive' debt crisis: All you need to know (by Sandra Cuffe, Al Jazeera, January 16, 2021)
2020s in Costa Rica
Years of the 21st century in Costa Rica
Costa Rica
Costa Rican
The Morna River is a river of Western India. It is one of the chief tributaries of Purna River and empties in it at Andura Village in Akola District, Maharashtra.
Etymology
Lots of co-operative society's name given after Morna river.like' Morna Maay'; in this name Morna is river and Maay means Mother. Morna is a major tributary of Purna River.
Description
Morna is the main water source for Patur region of Akola district. It rises in the southern Barshitakli tehsil Maharashtra state, and flows northward, draining Maharashtra's Vidarbha region before merging with the Purna River.
The watershed lies mostly in eastern Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state and is nearly The Morna River basin which is a tributary of Purna River lies towards the northern and southern part of Akola district, and parts of Washim district, forming near about 190 to 200 meters thick lava flows covering an area of 941.39 sq. km.
It originates in southern Barshitakli tehsil in Akola District. It flows through Barshitakli, Patur, Akola, Telhara.
Confluence
Morna meet to Purna at Andura village in to the Telhara taluka of Akola District. Devoties believe this meeting place (Sangam) of two rivers is Holy place ( pavitra sthan).
Dams
Morna Dam is situated in Patur taluka. Total volume content of dam is 1109 TCM and the purpose is farmland irrigation.
Mission Clean Morna under Swachha Bharat Abhiyaan
Recently Morna Clean mission was launched to clean the 8 km of Morna river flow passing through the Akola City. It was initiated by Akola collector Mr. Pande and was supported by thousands of citizen, NGOs, Government workers.
It received national attention when it was mentioned by Hon. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 'Mann ki Baat''.
References
Rivers of Maharashtra
Akola
Rivers of India
CARad.com is an online auction company based in the United States. It was acquired by eBay on January 31, 2003.
References
Software companies based in California
EBay
Software companies of the United States
2003 mergers and acquisitions
Uluhan, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The Women's PGA Championship (branded as the KPMG Women's PGA Championship for sponsorship reasons) is a women's professional golf tournament. First held in 1955, it is one of five majors on the LPGA Tour. It is not recognized as a major by the Ladies European Tour, which does not recognize any of the three majors played in the United States.
Formerly known as the LPGA Championship, the LPGA (Ladies Professional Golf Association) announced in 2014 that the PGA of America would become a partner of the event, and that it would be renamed the Women's PGA Championship beginning in 2015—becoming a sister event to the men's PGA Championship (in a similar manner to the U.S. Women's Open being a sister event to the men's U.S. Open). The partnership included a new title sponsorship agreement with KPMG, an increase in purse, and a commitment by NBC to provide network television coverage of the weekend rounds.
The PGA of America partnership also allowed the tournament to be held at various top courses around the United States. Previously, the LPGA Championship had been usually held at a consistent location each year, most recently near Rochester, New York as part of a title sponsorship agreement with Western New York-based supermarket chain Wegmans.
Professional-amateur controversy
Prior to 2005, the LPGA Championship had a "professionals only" rule. This is similar to the men's PGA Championship, but contrasts with the U.S. and British Opens, which have long had both amateur and professional entrants through qualifying (henceforth the term "open"). Until its takeover by the PGA of America in 2015, the tournament was the LPGA's own event, and the LPGA was created specifically to provide opportunities for women in professional golf.
In 2005 this rule was revoked, effectively to allow 15-year-old amateur Michelle Wie to compete, in order to attract more media coverage and sell more tickets, though this was not publicly acknowledged by the LPGA. Some professionals objected to this move, as they felt that places given to amateurs would come at the expense of the LPGA Tour's less successful professionals, who need to play regularly to make a living. One of the leading professionals, Laura Davies, stated objections to the change were shortsighted.
At the time, Wie had made the cut in all five majors that she had played, with two top-ten finishes, and had also played twice in the Sony Open in Hawaii on the PGA Tour, but missed both cuts. Despite the controversy, she outscored all but one of the pros in the 2005 LPGA Championship and was the runner-up, three strokes behind three-time champion Annika Sörenstam.
In 2006, the LPGA Championship reverted to its "professionals only" status, with only pros in the field. Wie had turned professional the previous October, upon signing multimillion-dollar endorsement contracts with Nike, Sony, and other sponsors.
Tournament names
Tournament names through the years:
Winners
Note: Green highlight indicates scoring records.
Multiple champions
{|class="wikitable" style="font-size:85%;
| style="background: #FFFFCC"|Grand Slam winners ‡
|}
The defending champion has retained the title on seven occasions, most recently in 2015:
2015 – Inbee Park
2014 – Inbee Park
2005 – Annika Sörenstam
2004 – Annika Sörenstam
2000 – Juli Inkster
1984 – Patty Sheehan
1961 – Mickey Wright
Through 2022, three consecutive championships has been achieved only twice, by Sörenstam (2005) and Park (2015).
Sites by state
Future sites
Since the PGA of America took control of the tournament, venues will often bid for both a men's, women's, and seniors' PGA Championship together. Aronimink Golf Club, which hosted the men's in 1962 and seniors in 2003, was awarded a joint bid for the 2020 women's and 2027 men's. Congressional Country Club was awarded the 2025 seniors and both the 2022 and 2027 women's championships. Baltusrol Golf Club, which had hosted the 2005 and 2016 men's championships, was awarded the 2023 women's and 2029 men's championships together. The tournament will also be held at the PGA of America's new home in Frisco, Texas.
M = Denotes PGA Championship
S = Denotes Senior PGA Championship
References
External links
Coverage on the LPGA Tour's official site
LPGA Tour events
Women's major golf championships
Golf, Women
Recurring sporting events established in 1955
1955 establishments in Indiana
The Kaohsiug Refinery () was an oil refinery in Nanzi District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
History
The construction for the refinery was firstly proposed in 1987. The refinery was closed in 2015 and its refinery activities were transferred to Dalin Refinery.
Architecture
The refinery spanned over an area of 273 hectares. It had a capacity to process 220,000 barrels of crude oil per day.
See also
List of oil refineries
Mining in Taiwan
References
2015 disestablishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Kaohsiung
Demolished buildings and structures in Taiwan
Oil refineries in Taiwan
Air Warning Squadron 14 (AWS-14) was a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron during World War II. The squadron's primary mission was to provide aerial surveillance and early warning of approaching enemy aircraft during amphibious assaults. Formed in June 1944, the squadron was one of a handful of air warning squadrons that was never able to deploy overseas during the war. The squadron was decommissioned shortly after the end of the war in November 1945. To date, no other Marine Corps squadron has carried the lineage and honors of AWS-14 to include the former reserve Marine Air Control Squadron 14 (MACS-14).
Equipment
AN/TTQ-1 – transportable filter and operations center.
2 x SCR-270s – long range early warning radar.
1 x SCR-527 – medium-range early warning radar used for ground-controlled interception (GCI).
3 x SCR-602s – Light-weight early warning radar to be utilized during the initial stages of an amphibious assault.
Mission
Provide early warning of air raids and tactical control of aircraft in defense of assigned area.
History
Organization and training
Air Warning Squadron 14 was commissioned on June 1, 1944 as part of Marine Air Warning Group 1 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. On July 15, 1944 the majority of the squadron convoyed to Marine Corps Outlying Field Oak Grove in Pollocksville, North Carolina while an SCR-270 crew was sent to Bogue Field. Air Warning Group 1 maintained its training equipment at the Pollocksville site and each new air warning squadron commissioned rotated through for their first familiarization on the gear. The squadron returned to MCAS Cherry Point on September 10, 1944 and continued training at the station until November.
Congaree and decommissioning
In November 1944 the squadron was transferred to Congaree Army Airfield, South Carolina when the base was made available to Navy and Marine Corps units. Training was immediately commenced in radar and control center operations and they worked closely with aircraft from Marine Aircraft Group 52 and army aircraft from nearby Chatham Field. During this period the squadron's Air Defense Control Center went by the callsign "Wilson."
On October 8, 1945 the squadron ceased operations at Congaree and began preparing their gear for departure. On October 26 it moved back to MCAS Cherry Point. The squadron was decommissioned on November 30, 1945 by the authority of 9th Marine Aircraft Wing order #57-145.
Commanding officers
Capt Edward R. Stainback – June 1, 1944 – November 27, 1944
Capt Robert M. McCormick Jr. – Navember 28, 1944 – March 1, 1945
Capt William E. Hooper March 2, 1945 - March 30, 1945
Capt Robert M. McCormick Jr - March 31, 1945 - October 4, 1945
1stLt J.J. Hengstler - October 5, 1945 - November 30, 1945
Unit awards
A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited. Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation. What follows is an incomplete list of the awards AWS-14 has been presented with:
See also
Aviation combat element
United States Marine Corps Aviation
List of United States Marine Corps aviation support units
Citations
References
Bibliography
Radar
Inactive units of the United States Marine Corps
Military units and formations established in 1944
3rd Leghemoglobin (also leghaemoglobin or legoglobin) is an oxygen-carrying phytoglobin found in the nitrogen-fixing root nodules of leguminous plants. It is produced by these plants in response to the roots being colonized by nitrogen-fixing bacteria, termed rhizobia, as part of the symbiotic interaction between plant and bacterium: roots not colonized by Rhizobium do not synthesise leghemoglobin. Leghemoglobin has close chemical and structural similarities to hemoglobin, and, like hemoglobin, is red in colour. It was originally thought that the heme prosthetic group for plant leghemoglobin was provided by the bacterial symbiont within symbiotic root nodules. However, subsequent work shows that the plant host strongly expresses heme biosynthesis genes within nodules, and that activation of those genes correlates with leghemoglobin gene expression in developing nodules.
In plants colonised by Rhizobium, such as alfalfa or soybeans, the presence of oxygen in the root nodules would reduce the activity of the oxygen-sensitive nitrogenase, which is an enzyme responsible for the fixation of atmospheric nitrogen. Leghemoglobin is shown to buffer the concentration of free oxygen in the cytoplasm of infected plant cells to ensure the proper function of root nodules. That being said, nitrogen fixation is an extremely energetically costly process, so aerobic respiration, which necessitates high oxygen concentration, is necessary in the cells of the root nodule. Leghemoglobin maintains a free oxygen concentration that is low enough to allow nitrogenase to function, but a high enough total oxygen concentration (free and bound to leghemoglobin) for aerobic respiration.
Other plants, like Casuarina spp., which are actinorhizal plants, produce a hemoglobin in their symbiotic root nodules.
Structure
Leghemoglobins are monomeric proteins with a mass around 16 kDa, and are structurally similar to myoglobin. One leghemoglobin protein consists of a heme bound to an iron, and one polypeptide chain (the globin). Similar to myoglobin and hemoglobin, the iron of heme is found in its ferrous state in vivo, and is the moiety that binds oxygen. Despite similarities in the mechanism of oxygen binding between leghemoglobin and animal hemoglobin, and the fact that leghemoglobin and animal hemoglobin evolved from a common ancestor, there is dissimilarity in amino acid sequence between these proteins at about 80% of positions.
Oxygen binding affinities of leghemoglobins are between 11 and 24 times higher than oxygen binding affinities of sperm whale myoglobin. Differences in the affinities are due to differential rates of association between the two types of proteins. One explanation of this phenomenon is that in myoglobin, a bound water molecule is stabilized in a pocket surrounding the heme group. This water group must be displaced in order for oxygen to bind. No such water is bound in the analogous pocket of leghemoglobin, so it is easier for an oxygen molecule to approach the leghemoglobin heme. Leghemoglobin has a slow oxygen dissociation rate, similar to myoglobin. Like myoglobin and hemoglobin, leghemoglobin has a high affinity for carbon monoxide.
Heme groups are the same in all known leghemoglobins, but the amino acid sequence of the globin differs slightly depending on bacterial strain and legume species. Even within one leguminous plant, multiple isoforms of leghemoglobins can exist. These often differ in oxygen affinity, and help meet the needs of a cell in a particular environment within the nodule.
Debate on principal function
Results of a 1995 study suggested that the low free oxygen concentration in root nodule cells is actually due to the low oxygen permeability of root nodule cells. It follows that the main purpose of leghemoglobin is to scavenge the limited free oxygen in the cell and deliver it to mitochondria for respiration. But, scientists of a later 2005 article suggest that leghemoglobin is responsible both for buffering oxygen concentration, and for delivery of oxygen to mitochondria. Their leghemoglobin knockout studies showed that leghemoglobin actually does significantly decrease the free oxygen concentration in root nodule cells, and that nitrogenase expression was eliminated in leghemoglobin knockout mutants, assumably due to the degradation of nitrogenase with high free oxygen concentration. Their study also showed a higher ATP/ADP ratio in wild-type root nodule cells with active leghemoglobin, suggesting that leghemoglobin also assists with delivery of oxygen for respiration.
Other plant hemoglobins
Globins have since been identified as a protein common to many plant taxa, not restricted to symbiotic ones. In light of this discovery, it has been proposed that the term phytoglobins be used for referring to plant globins in general.
Phytoglobins can be divided into two clades. The 3/3-fold type contains Classes I and II of angiosperm phytoglobins, and is the one common to all eukaryotes (HGT of a bacterial flavohemoglobin). The leghemoglobin sensu stricto is a class II phytoglobin. The 2/2-fold "TrHb2" type contains class III in angiosperm nomenclature, and appears to be acquired from Chloroflexota (formerly Chloroflexi) by the ancestor of land plants.
Commercial use
Impossible Foods asked the American FDA for their approval to use soy leghemoglobin in foods as an analog of meat-derived hemoglobin. Approval from the FDA came in July 2019, which was later upheld on May 3rd, 2021, by a San Francisco federal appeals court, in a ruling that rejected a lawsuit filed by the non-profit advocacy organization Center for Food Safety. It is currently being used in their products to mimic the color, taste, and texture of meat.
See also
Hemocyanin
Hemoglobin
Myoglobin
Phytoglobin
References
Further reading
Impossible Burger's ‘Secret Sauce' Highlights Challenges of Food Tech
Updates FDA Announces Effective Date for Final Rule Adding Soy Leghemoglobin to List of Color Additives Exempt from Certification
Hemoproteins
Nitrogen cycle
Phytochemicals
Education in Chemistry (often referred to by its brand 'EiC') is a print and online magazine covering all areas of chemistry education, mainly concentrating on the teaching of chemistry in secondary schools and universities. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry, which also publishes Chemistry Education Research and Practice, a peer-reviewed academic journal on the same topic.
History
The feasibility of a "British Journal of Chemistry Education" was first discussed by the Royal Society of Chemistry in late 1962 (a similar journal, the Journal of Chemical Education had been in existence in the USA since 1924). Its launch was secured by the lobbying of Professor Ronald S. Nyholm who became the first Chair of the editorial board. The magazine was launched in 1963 under the editor Dr F. W. Gibbs with the first issue published in January 1964. Gibbs' first editorial, "Scientists and Teachers", set out the aims of the publication, "This journal has been launched with the avowed aim of improving the teaching and learning of chemistry at all levels." The journal was initially published quarterly.
Education in Chemistry celebrated 50 years since its launch in 2013 with an event attended by its current and former staff, contributors, editorial board and some special guests including Bill Bryson.
Current publication
The editor is Lisa Clatworthy. It has been available as an app for mobile devices which was discontinued in mid-2018. It has also trialled a blog, and occasional additional supplements published online. The magazine is published bimonthly in print and operates on "online first" publishing model which supersedes its previous innovations in blogging. Print copies are sent for free to all secondary schools in the UK and Ireland.
References
External links
Science and technology magazines published in the United Kingdom
Bi-monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Chemistry education
Education magazines
Magazines established in 1964
Royal Society of Chemistry
For the cargo ship of the same name, see SS Flying Enterprise
Flying Enterprise was a Danish Charter operator, established in Copenhagen in 1959 by two former SAS-employees who wanted to challenge their former employer because of SAS, at the time, negative attitude towards charter operations. It went bankrupt after a few years of operation. The company was taken over by the Danish tycoon, Simon Spies, who formed his own Charter Line, Conair of Scandinavia renaming the Flying Enterprise in 1965.
The company operated a fleet consisting of four DC-7 and five Canadair North Star.
References
1959 establishments in Denmark
Airlines established in 1959
Defunct airlines of Denmark
1965 disestablishments in Denmark
Airlines disestablished in 1965
A back examination is a portion of a physical examination used to identify potential pathology involving the back.
In addition to the general examinations performed on any joint (inspection, palpation, range of motion, and distal pulse, strength, sensation, and reflexes), there are several specialized maneuvers specific to the back examination. These components include:
Gait
Straight leg raise
Waddell's signs
Schober's test
Evidence from the back examination indicating possible spinal damage may prompt a rectal examination to identify intact tone.
References
Musculoskeletal examination
Faree is a 2021 Maldivian film written and directed by Ahmed Hisham Saeed. The film stars Nuzuhath Shuaib and Ravee Farooq in lead roles. The film follows a single mother through her decision to leave a deteriorating marriage as she confronts the dysfunctional life she left behind. The film had a digital premiere on 29 March 2021.
Premise
Concerned with Umar's (Yaafi Mohamed Hameed) behavioral change, the school management meets with his mother, Faree (Nuzuhath Shuaib) who is trying to relieve herself and her son from an abusive marriage with a drug addict, Faidh (Ravee Farooq). Meanwhile, Faree's younger sister, Aisthu (Aishath Thasmeena) begins a romantic relationship with a married man which further disturbs their mother (Fauziyya Hassan). She advises Faree to get back with Faidh and sort their differences out, though Faree has a difference of opinion. Although influenced by his friend, Suhail (Mohamed Yunaan), Faidh desperately tries to restore his relationship with Faree and their son.
Cast
Nuzuhath Shuaib as Faree
Ravee Farooq as Faidh
Yaafi Mohamed Hameed as Umar
Fauziyya Hassan as Rashidha
Ahmed Easa as Sappe
Mohamed Yunaan as Suhail
Aishath Thasmeena as Aisthu
Abdulla Rasheed Moosa as Farooq
Ahmed Shan as Soba
Sheerin Ali as Suhails' girlfriend
Mariyam Afaaf Adam as Secretary
Mohamed Maaiz Sobah as College Receptionist
Ibrahim Hamdhan Abdullah as Clinic Receptionist
Ahmed Shamoon Zahir as Lecturer
Mohamed Rifshan as Thug 1
Saami Hussain Didi as Thug 2
Development
Following the success of Vishka (2017), Madhoship Studio initiated in developing a feature film titled Bagalhey which got delayed indefinitely due to the high production cost. Hence, the crew moved to their next project titled Faree, which is part of the anthology being produced by the studio and narrating the life of a single mother. In June 2018, a casting call was opened for interested actors where acting workshops were conducted for the shortlisted actors before finalizing the cast. Filming commenced on 15 July 2018 and continued for almost a month. According to the director of the film Ahmed Hisham Saeed, in order to present the film in the most realistic pacing, the film will not have any songs in it.
Soundtrack
Release
The film was scheduled for theatrical release on 2 April 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Later, citing the closure of cinema, the team announced that the film will have a digital premiere where it will be made available for streaming through Baiskoafu application from 29 March 2021.
References
Maldivian drama films
2021 films
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
External links
The Swiss National Park (; ; ; ) is located in the Western Rhaetian Alps, in eastern Switzerland. It is within the canton of Graubünden, between Zernez, S-chanf, Scuol, and the Fuorn Pass in the Engadin valley on the border with Italy.
It is part of the worldwide UNESCO Biosphere Reserve.
Description
It was founded on 1 August 1914, the national holiday of Switzerland. It was one of the earliest national parks in Europe.
As of 2022, it is the only National Park in Switzerland, though there are plans to create more. It has an area of 174.2 km² and is the largest protected area of the country.
In the park, it's not allowed to leave marked paths; light a fire; or sleep outside the Chamanna Cluozza, the mountain hut located in the park. It is also forbidden to disturb animals or plants, or to take home anything found in the park. Dogs are not allowed, even on a leash. Due to these strict rules, the Swiss National Park is the only park in the Alps which has been categorized by the IUCN as a strict nature reserve, the highest protection level.
A visitor centre is located in Zernez. The road through the park leads over the Fuorn Pass (or Ofenpass) to South Tyrol in Italy.
In addition to the Swiss National Park, Switzerland also has sixteen regional nature parks.
Notable peaks
Piz Pisoc, 3173 m.
Piz Quattervals, 3165 m.
Piz da l'Acqua, 3126 m.
Piz Chaschauna, 3071 m.
Gallery
See also
Nature parks in Switzerland
Pro Natura
List of national parks
References
External links
Official website
Swiss National Park Facts
National parks of Switzerland
Biosphere reserves of Switzerland
Rhaetian Alps
Geography of Graubünden
1914 establishments in Switzerland
Protected areas established in 1914
Tourist attractions in Graubünden
Protected areas of the Alps
S-chanf
Scuol
Val Müstair
Zernez
Ludvig Munthe (11 March 1841 – 30 March 1896) was a Norwegian-born, German landscape painter.
Biography
Ludvig Munthe was born at Årøy, near Sogndal in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. He came to Bergen in 1858 where he was first instructed by Franz Wilhelm Schiertz, a German painter and architect residing in Norway. Munthe later moved to Düsseldorf where he became a pupil of Albert Flamm at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf. He subsequently selected Düsseldorf for his permanent residence.
Munthe is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting. A thoroughly realistic treatment characterizes his paintings, of which autumn and winter scenes in stormy or gloomy weather, forest and coast views form the prevailing subjects. He was knighted with the French Legion of Honour in 1878 and was appointed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1881.
Selected works
Pine Forest in Winter (1870) Hamburg Gallery
Skoginteriør (1870) National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo
Potetopptagning (1873) National Gallery, Oslo
Norsk strandsted (1878) National Gallery, Oslo
Wood Interior in Winter, with Stags (1878) National Gallery, Oslo - awarded Gold Medal in Paris
Høst i skogen (1882) National Gallery, Oslo
Sen høstettermiddag (1882) National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo
Birch Wood in Autumn (1886) National Gallery, Berlin
Autumn in Holland (1895) National Gallery, Berlin
Gallery
References
Other sources
Munthe, Sverre (1994) Familien Munthe i Norge (Oslo: S. Munthe)
Malmanger, Magne (1981) Norsk malerkunst fra klassisisme til tidlig realisme (Oslo: Nasjonalgalleriet)
Note
External links
Paintings by Ludwig Munthe at MutualArt Services, Inc.
1841 births
1896 deaths
People from Sogn og Fjordane
Artists from Düsseldorf
19th-century Norwegian painters
19th-century German male artists
19th-century German painters
German male painters
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Norwegian emigrants to Germany
Norwegian male painters
19th-century Norwegian male artists
tinyBuild Inc. is an American publisher of indie games based in Bellevue, Washington. The company was established by Alex Nichiporchik and Tom Brien in 2011 to expand Brien's game No Time to Explain into a commercial release. Building from the success of the game's Steam release in 2013, tinyBuild partnered with DoubleDutch Games for the development and release of SpeedRunners, which landed tinyBuild further publishing deals. Since March 2020, the company has been founding or acquiring new studios to expand. It became a public company on the Alternative Investment Market in March 2021.
History
tinyBuild was founded in 2011 by Alex Nichiporchik () and Tom Brien. Nichiporchik came from Latvia and had been a professional Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos player in the early 2000s, which made him enough money to drop out of high school and pursue a video game journalist career. While an employee of Spil Games in the Netherlands in 2010, he became highly interested in Flash games. He came across Super Meat Boy, which led to him to want to get into the business. Nichiporchik eventually discovered No Time to Explain, a Flash game by Tom Brien, which he thought could be as successful as Super Meat Boy. Nichiporchik and Brien established tinyBuild in 2011 as a developer to expand No Time to Explain into a commercial release. The company headquarters were based in the Netherlands with Nichiporchik until both relocated to Seattle later on.
tinyBuild launched a crowdfunding campaign for the game via Kickstarter and raised from a target. tinyBuild had also agreed with the Russian publisher Buka Entertainment that the latter would publish retail versions of No Time to Explain in Russia, get the game released on Steam, and grant tinyBuild in royalties in advance. However, Buka Entertainment failed to communicate with tinyBuild until stating that it was forced to cancel the project, withholding the royalties. As No Time to Explain could not be launched via Steam, tinyBuild released it independently. The game recouped its development cost but did not turn a significant profit. tinyBuild went into hiatus for nearly a year thereafter until Steam introduced the Greenlight process for game approval. No Time to Explain became one of the first games to be greenlit for Steam in 2013 and had a successful release on the platform. Nichiporchik stated this experience burnt out tinyBuild, which was no longer interested in pursuing development but also did not want to waste the newfound success. The company invested in, co-developed, and published the game SpeedRunners, which led to more developers pitching their games to tinyBuild, incrementally turning the company into a publisher. To expand its publishing operations, it hired the video game journalist Mike Rose in December 2014.
tinyBuild obtained in seed funding from Makers Fund in April 2018, followed by in series A funding from an undisclosed investor in February 2019. The company established its first internal studio, HakJak Studios, with Guts and Glory developer Jed "HakJak" Steen in Boise, Idaho, in March 2020. Nichiporchik believed that indie game publishers like tinyBuild would have to move away from "transactional relationships"—wherein the developer and publisher would work on one game and then move on—and instead build long-term relationships with the developers. At this time, tinyBuild had 150 employees. tinyBuild acquired the development team behind Hello Neighbor from Dynamic Pixels in July 2020 for an undisclosed sum to establish the studio Eerie Guest Studios in Hilversum. The company also invested more than into the Hello Neighbor franchise. tinyBuild invested into Hologryph in November 2020, assigned the studio to the Hello Neighbor spinoff Secret Neighbor. In February 2021, tinyBuild acquired three studios it had previously worked with: We're Five Games, Hungry Couch, and Moon Moose.
tinyBuild announced in February 2021 that it was to pursue an initial public offering on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol "TBLD". At the time, Nichiporchik owned 61.1% of the company, while the Chinese company NetEase owned 14.3%. The company's shares began trading on March 9, 2021, with an initial market capitalization of .
tinyBuild acquired the studio Animal in August 2021 for ; Animal had been working on publishing their upcoming game Rawmen through tinyBuild.
tinyBuild acquired Versus Evil and Red Cerberus in November 2021.
The company acquired the intellectual property rights to the bulk of Bossa Studios' games including Surgeon Simulator and I Am Bread, for in August 2022.
Studios
Games developed
Games published
References
External links
2011 establishments in Washington (state)
2021 initial public offerings
American companies established in 2011
Companies based in Bellevue, Washington
Companies listed on the Alternative Investment Market
Video game companies established in 2011
Video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
Narakasuran is a 2006 Malayalam language film directed by K. R. Ramdas. It starred Sudhakar Vasanth,
Riyaz Khan, Kalabhavan Mani, Jagathy Sreekumar, Indraja, Rajan P. Dev, Devan, Salim Kumar, Jagadish and Priyanka Anoop.
Cast
Sudhakar Vasanth as Vijay/Prabhakaran alias Prabhu
Jagadeesh as Vasu
Indrans as Bheeman
Kalabhavan Mani as Dr. Pramod - Vijay's Friend
Riyaz Khan as SP Rajan - Vijay's Friend
Madhupal as Adv. Bhaskar - Vijay's Friend and Legal Advisor
Devan as Badri
Mafia Sasi as Badri's henchman
Priyanka Anoop as Dr. Amritha Pramod - Dr. Pramod's Wife
Salim Kumar as CBI Officer Govind
Rajan P. Dev as CBI Officer Subhash Chandra
Indraja as Neena Viswanath - Vijay's Fiancée
Jagathy Sreekumar as Bhojarajan - Neena's Watchman/Cook
K. R. Vatsala as Vimala Bhojarajan - Neena's PA and Bhojarajan's wife
References
2006 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The Nyungwe Forest () is located in southwestern Rwanda, on the border with Burundi, where it is contiguous with the Kibira National Park to the south, and Lake Kivu and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west. The Nyungwe rainforest is probably the best preserved montane rainforest in Central Africa. It is located in the watershed between the basin of the river Congo to the west and the basin of the river Nile to the east. From the east side of the Nyungwe forest comes also one of the branches of the Nile sources.
Nyungwe National Park was established in 2004 and covers an area of approximately of rainforest, bamboo, grassland, swamps, and bogs. The nearest town is Cyangugu, to the west. Mount Bigugu () is located within the park borders. In October 2020, the Rwanda Development Board signed an agreement with African Parks to assume management of Nyungwe National Park for an initial 20 years.
Animal life
The Nyungwe forest has a wide diversity of animal species, making it a priority for conservation in Africa. The forest is situated in a region in which several large-scale biogeographical zones meet and the variety of terrestrial biomes provides a great span of microhabitats for many different species of plants and animals.
The park contains 13 primate species (25% of Africa's total), 275 bird species, 1068 plant species, 85 mammal species, 32 amphibian and 38 reptile species. Many of these animals are restricted-range species that are only found in the Albertine Rift montane forests ecoregion in Africa. In fact, the number of endemic species found here is greater than in any other forest in the Albertine Rift Mountains that has been surveyed. The forest, which reaches its maximum altitude of 3000 meters above sea level, is of particular interest for the presence of colonies of chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes) and Angola colobus (Colobus angolensis), the latter now extinct in Angola for the intense hunt to which they were subjected.
Primate species
Common chimpanzee (Pan troglodytes)
Ruwenzori colobus (Colobus angolensis ruwenzori)
L'Hoest's monkey (Cercopithecus l'hoesti)
Silver monkey (Cercopithecus doggetti)
Golden monkey (Cercopithecus kandti)
Hamlyn's monkey (Cercopithecus hamlyni)
Red-tailed monkey (Cercopithecus ascanius)
Dent's mona monkey (Cercopithecus denti)
Vervet monkey (Chlorocebus pygerythrus)
Olive baboon (Papio anubis)
Grey-cheeked mangabey (Lophocebus albigena)
History
Nyungwe Forest Reserve was established in 1933 by the Belgian colonial government. In the 1920s the colonial government had become concerned about the accelerating conversion of forest to pasture. The laws governing Rwanda's forest reserves prohibited clearing forests for agriculture, but maintained community rights to cut and collect firewood, and permitted commercial exploitation of valuable hardwood timber. Enforcement was lax, and local people continued to use the forest for hunting, honey collection, woodcutting, subsistence farming, and gold mining.
Rwanda became independent in 1962, and the country's forest reserves were managed by the Ministry of Agriculture. From 1958 to 1973, Nyungwe Forest was reduced by over 150 km² due to fires, woodcutting, hunting of animals, and small-scale agriculture. Nearby Gishwati and Virunga forests were cut in half at this time. In 1969, elephants still numbered in the hundreds in Nyungwe. In 1974, the last buffalo was killed in Nyungwe by hunters. In 1984, Nyungwe was divided into areas that allow for sustainable use and harvesting of timber. The Government of Rwanda developed a plan for a buffer zone that can still be seen today. In 1984, biodiversity surveys conducted by the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) with RDB documented colobus in groups of up to 400 members—an unheard of phenomenon. In 1987, development of the trail system began at Uwinka. In 1994, war and genocide devastated the country and destroyed many of the research and tourist facilities in Uwinka. Most senior staff were forced to flee, but many junior staff members at Nyungwe stayed on to protect the park. The park began to rebuild in 1995, but security and stability were still uncertain. In 1999, the last elephant in Nyungwe was killed in the swamp by poachers.
In 2005, the Rwandan Government made Nyungwe an official National Park, giving it protected status, the highest level of protection in the country.
References
External links
Western Province, Rwanda
National parks of Rwanda
Forests of Rwanda
Protected areas established in 2004
Albertine Rift montane forests
Southern Province, Rwanda
Nachchaduwa wewa (Also known as Mahadaragala Reservoir) is a reservoir near Thammannakulama, Sri Lanka.
The reservoir is used to store water brings from Kala Wewa through Yoda Ela channel. The reservoir was severely damaged in 1957 flood and the restoration of the tank was completed in 1958.
History
This tank is believed to be one of the sixteen large reservoirs built by King Mahasen (277 – 304). It is said that he built this tank to supply water to the city and to safeguard the city from floods. However the chronicle Mahavamsa have made a reference to this reservoir during the time of King Moggallana II (540 - 560).
References
Reservoirs in Sri Lanka
Lakes of Sri Lanka
Vladislav Olegovich Tselovalnikov (; born 21 September 1991) is a Russian former football goalkeeper.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Volgar-Astrakhan Astrakhan on 31 July 2012 in a game against FC Dagdizel Kaspiysk.
Personal
His father Oleg Tselovalnikov played in the Soviet Top League for FC Rotor Volgograd.
References
External links
Career summary by sportbox.ru
1991 births
Sportspeople from Astrakhan
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
Speranța Nisporeni players
FC Smena Komsomolsk-na-Amure players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
The 2018–19 Nemzeti Bajnokság I (also known as 2018–19 OTP Bank Liga), also known as NB I, was the 120th season of top-tier football in Hungary. The league was officially named OTP Bank Liga for sponsorship reasons. Videoton were the defending champions.
Fixtures were published on 27 June 2018.
Teams
Balmazújváros and Vasas finished the 2017–18 Nemzeti Bajnokság I in the last two places and thus were relegated to NB II division.
The two relegated teams were replaced with the top two teams in 2017–18 Nemzeti Bajnokság II, champion MTK and runner-up Kisvárda, each having the required licence for top-division play.
Stadium and locations
Following is the list of clubs competed in the league this season, with their location, stadium and stadium capacity.
Personnel and kits
All teams are obligated to have the logo of the league sponsor OTP Bank as well as the Nemzeti Bajnokság I logo on the right sleeve of their shirt.
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players and Managers may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Managerial changes
League table
Positions by round
Results
Rounds 1–22
Rounds 23–33
Season statistics
Top goalscorers
Hat-tricks
Average attendances
See also
2018–19 Magyar Kupa
2018–19 Nemzeti Bajnokság II
2018–19 Nemzeti Bajnokság III
References
External links
Official rules
uefa.com
Nemzeti Bajnokság I season
1
Hungary
Joon-hee, also spelled Jun-hee, is a Korean unisex given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 34 hanja with the reading "joon" and 24 hanja with the reading "hee" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Lim Jun-hee (born 1959), South Korean female composer
Jun Choi (full name Jun-Hee Choi, born 1971), American male politician of Korean descent
Joseph Kahn (born Ahn Jun-hee, 1972), South Korean-born American male director
Han Jun-hee (born 1985), South Korean male director
Go Joon-hee (born Kim Eun-ju, 1986), South Korean actress
Lee Joon-hee (born 1988), South Korean male football player
Choi Jun-hee (born 1993), stage name Juniel, South Korean female singer-songwriter
Jun Hee Lee, American actor of Korean descent
Fictional characters with this name include:
Go Joon-hee, in 2005 South Korean television series Fashion 70's
Go Joon-hee, in 2006 South Korean television series What's Up Fox
Lee Joon-hee, in 2009 South Korean television series Cinderella Man
Gu Jun-hee, in 2009 South Korean television series Boys Over Flowers
Kang Joon-hee, in 2012 South Korean television series Reply 1997
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean unisex given names
Harriet Merrill Johnson (1867 - February 21, 1934) was an American educator.
Life
She was born in 1867 in Bangor, Maine. She graduated from the Massachusetts Homeopathic Hospital and began working as a district nurse at the Henry Street Settlement. While working as a district nurse, Johnson became interested in the needs of children. She, Lucy Sprague Mitchell, and Caroline Pratt formed the Bureau of Education Experiments in 1916, now known as Bank Street College of Education. Their aim was to bring various specialists and researchers together for the purposes of studying experimental education. Johnson was the founder and first director of the bureau's nursery school, which was later named in her honor. This nursery school was the direct predecessor to Bank Street's School for Children, a private elementary school operating under the college's umbrella.
Johnson was the author of several texts on education:
The Visiting Teacher (1916)
A Nursery School Experiment: Descriptive Report (1924)
Children in Nursery School (1928)
The Art of Block Building (1933)
School Begins at Two: A Book for Teachers and Parents (1936)
Harriet Johnson Nursery School
The Harriet Johnson Nursery School opened in 1918 at the Bureau's new quarters in a series of houses on West 12th and West 13th Street. The staff included teachers, psychologists and researchers who worked to discover the environments in which children grew and learned to their full potential. The staff observed how children learned, and they began documenting the learning process in order to determine the environments and educational practices best suited to foster the growth and development of children. Their findings contributed to a fundamental reform in the way children were taught. Graduates from Johnson's Nursery school went to Caroline Pratt's City and Country School. The nursery school also educated teachers and others on how to create these environments. Children at Johnson's Nursery school were given opportunities to draw, paint and model in clay. These were unusual forms of expression in schools at this time. A child's education was recognized as something other than prescribed curriculum. The children here and at Caroline Pratt's City and Country School, under the support of the Bureau, had all of New York City as their classroom. They were able to ride ferries, visit zoos and look at bridges.
References
People from Bangor, Maine
1886 births
Year of death missing
1934 deaths
Damn Damn Leash is being Your Own Pet's first EP. It was released in 2004 in the United States and in 2005 in Europe and Japan.
Track listing
Personnel
Jemina Pearl – Vocals
Jonas Stein – Guitar
Nathan Vasquez – Bass
Jamin Orrall – Drums
Jimmy Abegg – Photography
Jim DeMain – Mastering
Hollis Flatt – Mastering
Capers Flen – Engineer, Mixing
Jacquire King – Producer, Mixing
Roger Moutenot – Engineer
Robert Ellis Orrall – Producer
References
2004 debut EPs
Be Your Own Pet albums
XL Recordings EPs
Albums produced by Jacquire King
Paridea is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 80 described species in Paridea. They are found in Indomalaya and the Palearctic.
Species
These 62 species, among others, belong to the genus Paridea:
Paridea angulicollis (Motschulsky, 1853)
Paridea avicauda (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea bengalica Medvedev & Samoderzhenkov, 1998
Paridea bhutanensis Kimoto, 1977
Paridea bifurcata Jacoby, 1892
Paridea biplagiata (Fairmaire, 1889)
Paridea brachycornuta Yang, 1993
Paridea breva Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963
Paridea costallifera Yang, 1991
Paridea costata (Chujo, 1935)
Paridea crenata Yang, 1993
Paridea cyanea Yang in Yang, 1992
Paridea cyanipennis (Chujo, 1935)
Paridea darjeelingensis Takizawa, 1990
Paridea dohertyi (Maulik, 1936)
Paridea epipleuralis (Chen, 1942)
Paridea euryptera Yang, 1991
Paridea fasciata Laboissiere, 1932
Paridea flavipennis (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea flavipoda Yang, 1991
Paridea foveipennis Jacoby, 1892
Paridea fujiana Yang, 1991
Paridea fulva Kimoto, 1977
Paridea fusca Yang, 1991
Paridea glyphea Yang, 1993
Paridea grandifolia Yang, 1991
Paridea hirtipes Chen & Jiang, 1981
Paridea houjayi Lee & Bezděk, 2014
Paridea kaoi Lee & Bezděk, 2014
Paridea lateralis Medvedev & Samoderzhenkov, 1989
Paridea libita Yang, 1991
Paridea livida Duvivier, 1892
Paridea mimica Medvedev & Samoderzhenkov, 1998
Paridea monticola (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963)
Paridea nepalica Medvedev & Samoderzhenkov, 1998
Paridea nigra Yang, 1992
Paridea nigricaudata Yang, 1991
Paridea nigrimaculata Yang, 1991
Paridea nigrimarginata Yang, 1991
Paridea nigrocephala (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea octomaculata (Baly, 1886)
Paridea oculata Laboissiere, 1930
Paridea pallida Bryant, 1954
Paridea perplexa (Baly, 1879)
Paridea plauta Yang, 1991
Paridea quadrimaculata Kimoto, 2004
Paridea recava Yang, 1991
Paridea ruficollis Jacoby, 1892
Paridea sancta Yang, 1991
Paridea sauteri (Chûjô, 1935)
Paridea sexmaculata (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea sichuana Yang, 1991
Paridea sikkimia Laboissiere, 1932
Paridea sinensis (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea taiwana (Chûjô, 1935)
Paridea terminata Yang, 1991
Paridea testacea (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963)
Paridea tetraspilota (Hope, 1831)
Paridea transversofaciata (Laboissiere, 1930)
Paridea tuberculata (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963)
Paridea unifasciata Jacoby, 1892
Paridea yunnana Yang, 1991
References
External links
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Taxa named by Joseph Sugar Baly
Effervescing (foaled 1973 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Effervescing was a stakes winner at the age 3, 4 and 5 he was one of the first successful trainees by D. Wayne Lukas.
Background
Bred by Ogden Phipps, Effervescing was a son of the French sire Le Fabuleux whose other significant progeny included American multiple Grade I winner, The Bart and Dauphin Fabuleux, the 1984 Canadian Horse of the Year. He was out of the American mare, Sparkling whose U.S. Racing Hall of Fame sire Bold Ruler was an inductee and the Leading sire in North America eight times.
Racing career
At the age of three and going off at long shot odds of 24-1 he won the $112,500 Man O' War Stakes on Belmont Park's turf course October 11, 1976
At age four, he won at Saratoga Race Course the turf-run Sword Dancer Handicap with future Hall of Fame jockey Ángel Cordero Jr. up
At the age of five Effervescing won two $100,000+ purse stakes races within one week. He was victorious in both the $110,500 American Handicap, a Grade 2 race on turf by 3-lengths and then the Citation Handicap on dirt, both at Hollywood Park in 1978 on July 4 and July 10 respectively. Laffit Pincay Jr. was the jockey for both efforts.
According to Lukas' autobiography "D. Wayne", Albert Yank, one of the owners, after the American Handicap victory wanted to run the horse in a stakes race in Chicago later in the fall. When Lukas said he wanted to run the horse back again in five days the reply was Are you drinking your own bathwater?. Albert Yank gave in after Lukas held his ground.
Effervescing won the Eddie Read Handicap (a turf race at 9 furlongs) at Del Mar Racetrack also in 1978 with Laffit his rider again.
Stud record
Effervescing stood at Ashford Stud in Kentucky. He is the sire of two Champions and sixteen stakes winners, with earnings of 4,674,623
References
DeVito, Carlo. D. Wayne : The High-Rolling and Fast Times of America's Premier Horse Trainer (2002) McGraw-Hill
1973 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 1-x
John Wu or Wu Chih-yang (; born 8 February 1969) is a Taiwanese politician. He was the Magistrate of Taoyuan County from 2009 to 2014. Wu was the former Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL) commissioner.
Early life
Wu obtained his bachelor's and master's degree in law from National Taiwan University. He then obtained another law degree from Harvard University in the United States.
Taoyuan County Magistrate
2009 Taoyuan County Magistrate election
Wu was elected Magistrate of Taoyuan County on 5 December 2009 defeating Cheng Wen-tsan in the 2009 magisterial election as a Kuomintang candidate. He assumed the office on 20 December 2009.
Taoyuan County upgrade
In July 2014, it was announced that Taoyuan County would be renamed Taoyuan and reclassified as a special municipality by the end of the year. The county-administered city, known officially as Taoyuan City, was to be renamed Taoyuan District.
2014 Taoyuan City mayoral election
Shortly before the reclassification of Taoyuan County as a special municipality, Wu ran for the Taoyuan mayoralty in the 2014 Taiwanese local elections, again facing Cheng Wen-tsan, and lost.
CPBL Commissioner
Wu became the commissioner of Taiwan's Chinese Professional Baseball League in 2015, and was reelected in 2017 with unanimous support. During Wu's term, he further expanded CPBL from four teams to five teams, with the addition of Wei Chuan Dragons. As Wu's term ended, Tsai Chi-chang became Wu's successor as CPBL commissioner in January 2021.
References
Party List Members of the Legislative Yuan
Living people
1969 births
Taiwanese politicians of Hakka descent
Magistrates of Taoyuan County
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Harvard Law School alumni
Members of the 9th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
Taoyuan City Members of the Legislative Yuan
National Taipei University alumni
Chinese Professional Baseball League commissioners
The Arab Organization for Human Rights () is a Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) that works on human rights issues in the Arab World. It was founded with a resolution agreed on in Hammamet, Tunisia, in 1983.
Its general Assembly is held every three years, while the Board of Trustees meets annually, and consists of 25 members. 20 of the members are elected, while the remaining 5 are appointed by the AOHR. Its current headquarters is in Cairo, Egypt.
Among the organization's founders were French-Syrian sociologist Burhan Ghalioun, who later became first chairman of the Syrian National Council, and sociologist Saad Eddin Ibrahim.
Working fields
The organization aims to make life easier for Arab citizens, and to defend their rights, and defend them against any form of torture or persecution. The AOHR carries out continuous missions to free political prisoners in the Arab World.
The organization aims to "call for respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms of all citizens and residents of the Arab world; defends any individual whose human rights are subjected to violations which are contrary to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; endeavour, regardless of political considerations, to obtain release of detained or imprisoned persons, and seek relief and assistance for persons whose freedom is restricted in any way or who are subject to coercion of any kind because of their beliefs and political convictions, or for reasons of race, sex, colour or language; protest in cases where a fair trial is not guaranteed; provide legal assistance where necessary and possible; call for improvements in conditions of prisoners of conscience; work for amnesty of persons sentenced for political reasons." The AOHR's goals include educating, training and documenting in the field of human rights.
The AOHR carries out field missions in an effort to release political prisoners, in some cases as an observer and in others as a member of the defence panel. It receives complaints from individuals, groups and organizations and contacts the relevant authorities. In addition to offering legal assistance in several cases, the organization provides financial assistance to families of victims. In coordination with the Arab Lawyers Union, it launched a campaign for Freedom for Prisoners of Conscience in the Arab World. It also arranges conferences and seminars. According to UNESCO it was instrumental in setting up the Arab Institute for Human Rights in Tunisia in 1989, in association with the Arab Lawyers Union, the Tunisian League for the Defence of Human Rights and with the support of the Centre for Human Rights in the United Nations.
AOHR maintains a consultative position at the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations and is also an observer in the Arab League and the African Union.
Report on Palestinian Authority
In December 2012, AOHR released a report that accused the Palestinian Authority (PA) of "inhumane practices and human rights violations" against Palestinian civilians. The AOHR alleges that from 2007-2011, the PA detained 13,271 Palestinians, and tortured 96% of them, resulting in six deaths. The report claims the PA law enforcement raided universities, hospitals and houses in order to arrest people wanted for protesting against the Israeli occupation. The report also claims that PA officers confiscated equipment and personal cash after arresting the suspects.
References
External links
Profile at UNHCR
Arab League
Human rights organisations based in Egypt
International human rights organizations
John Jones (29 January 1916 – 11 March 1999) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside left.
Career
Born in Gourock, Jones played for Morton Juniors, Third Lanark, Bradford City, Morton, Cowdenbeath, Stirling Albion, St Mirren and Kilmarnock. He trialled for Bradford City from Third Lanark between September and October 1946, scoring once in two Football League appearances.
Sources
References
1916 births
1999 deaths
Scottish footballers
Third Lanark A.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Association football inside forwards
Meitei may refer to:
Meitei people, of Manipur, India
Meitei language
Meitei script
Meitei architecture
Denechandra Meitei (born 1994), Indian footballer
Loken Meitei (born 1997), Indian footballer
Ningombam Bupenda Meitei (born 1987), Indian writer
Romi Meitei, Indian film director
Waikhom Gojen Meitei, Indian poet and educationist
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Dystasia valida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1937. It is known from Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1937
Charles Joseph Canfield (March 24, 1932 – January 24, 2017) was a Veteran of the United States Navy and an American businessman. He was a mayor of Rochester, Minnesota. Before being elected mayor in 1995, he was the member of the Rochester City Council for the 2nd Ward for a span which began in 1986. He owned a Shakey's Pizza restaurant in northwest Rochester along US Route 52
since 1967 until its closure in the 2002. He lost the 2002 mayoral election to Ardell Brede.
1995 Election
Then Rochester Mayor, Chuck Hazama had been scandalized by the NAACP for responding to racism claims by saying that the accusers were newcomers from "East St. Louis and Chicago." Canfield started/announced his campaign for mayor June 6, 1995. His platform was largely based on the rising crime in Rochester. Olmsted County Commissioner Carol Kamper was the primary opponent when Canfield announced his campaign. Canfield said, "There is a criminal element floating into town that puts our neighborhoods in fear and danger.". Three days later, Ken R. Weber, the operation manager for the Kahler Hotel's concession business, announced that he would run against Canfield, but a month later he learned because of his probation for committing felony theft he had lost the right to run for mayor. Weber's platform revolved around banning smoking in all indoor, public places. Critical situations manager at IBM Steve Beilby filed to run July 7, making the total candidates a necessary three to demand a primary in September. Beilby had previously lost the 1993 bid for Rochester mayor in the primaries. Before the primaries retired IBM employee, John Reidenbach, also announced his campaign.
Canfield won the primaries with 46% of nearly 8,500 votes. Kamper joined him in continuing the general elections by achieving 32%. Reidenbach lost with 18%, and Beilby only won 4%. There were 44,000 eligible voters: 19% turnout.
A debate was held between Kamper and Canfield at Rochester Community College, though it was delayed until after the O. J. Simpson verdict announcement. At the debate, Kamper said Rochester did need a youth nightclub or youth center, but that it shouldn't be paid for with city money. Canfield responded by saying that jobs were more important than nightclubs.
Both candidates reporting spending thousands of dollars each on their campaigns. Canfield spent almost $10,000, while Kamper spent over $7,500.
With general election voter turnout at only 29% on November 7, Canfield beat Kamper with a "significant margin" ending the 16-year Hazama Administration. Canfield's mayoral victory left his councilman seat open, so according to the city charter the city council could appoint a replacement. Canfield left no comment on whom that person ought to be. He died on January 24, 2017 at the age of 84.
See also
List of mayors of Rochester, Minnesota
References
1932 births
2017 deaths
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Minnesota Independents
Minnesota city council members
Mayors of Rochester, Minnesota
20th-century American businesspeople
Anton Blomberg (born June 17, 1995) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Linköpings HC of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Blomberg made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Linköpings HC during the 2013–14 SHL playoffs.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Linköping HC players
Swedish ice hockey right wingers
People from Motala Municipality
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Australia first competed at the Games, then titled the British Empire Games, in 1930; and is one of only six countries to have sent athletes to every Commonwealth Games. The others are Canada, England, New Zealand, Scotland, and Wales. Australian athletes competed for Australasia at the 1911 Festival of the Empire, the forerunner to the British Empire Games.
Five of the 21 games have been hosted by Australia, with the city of Gold Coast hosting the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Australia has placed first at 13 out of the 21 games (compared with England 7 and Canada 1) and has been in the top three for all meets except the first games in 1930.
In all but one of the 18 Commonwealth Games held so far (excluding the 1978 Games), the Australian flag bearer has gone on to win a gold medal.
List of Games Host Nation Bids
Games Staged
Australia has hosted the Commonwealth Games on four occasions but have only won once via an international vote. That vote was for the host of the 2018 games, won by the Gold Coast.
Sydney 1938 was simply awarded.
Perth 1962 was a contest between Adelaide and Perth which Adelaide originally won at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Adelaide first won 13 votes to Perth's 3. Two years later that was overturned by the Australian Commonwealth Games Association prior to the 1958 British Empire Games in Cardiff, Wales. A New Vote awarded Perth with a 9 to 7 vote.
Brisbane 1982 was awarded after Lagos, Nigeria; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and Birmingham, England all withdrew prior to the Bid vote that took place in Montreal, Quebec, Canada during the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Melbourne 2006 was awarded to the city after Wellington, New Zealand withdrew their bid prior to the Bid Lodgement Deadline.
Failed bid Results
Medals
Overall Medal Tally
Positions are calculated by the number of gold medals earned, then the number of silvers is taken into consideration and then the number of bronze.
Figures from Commonwealth Games Foundation website. Those represented in bold are the highest scoring medal tally for each individual medal.
The 2006 Games saw the highest overall medal tally, including the highest number of silver and bronze medals. The 1994 Games remains the Games with the highest number of gold medals won for Australia.
Games Summary
1911 Festival of the Empire
Australasian athletes representation
Commonwealth Games
Overall Medal Tally by Sport
Overall total of medals achieved for each individual Commonwealth Games sporting area from 1911-2018. Includes 1911 Festival of the Empire.
Progressive Medal Tally
Note - 1911 Games includes medals won by all Australasia athletes
Numbers of athletes and sports
This list shows the total number of athletes, male and female, and the total sports they were selected to compete in.
Team & Individual Competitor Achievements
Notable Achievements
Represented at most Games
Arthur Tunstall has represented Australia as an official at 8 Commonwealth Games (1962, 66, 70, 74, 78, 86, 90, 94).
Runner Steve Moneghetti has represented Australia as an athlete in four Games (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998) and an official at four Games (2002, 2010, 2014, 2018)
Donald Stockins has represented Australia as an official at 8 Commonwealth Games (1974, 78, 82, 86, 90, 94, 98, 2002).
Badminton player Rhonda Cator has represented Australia as an athlete in five Games (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002) and an official at three Games (2004, 2010, 2014)
Shooter Bruce Quick has represented in 7 Commonwealth Games (1990, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014 and 2018)
Shooter Phillip Adams has represented in 6 Commonwealth Games (1982, 86, 90, 94, 98, 2002).
Shooter Russell Mark has represented in 6 Commonwealth Games (1990, 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014)
Shooter James Corbett has represented in 6 Commonwealth Games (1986, 1990, 1998, 2006, 2010, 2014)
Squash player David Palmer has represented in 6 Commonwealth Games (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018)
Best Individual Medal Achievements
Most gold medals won
Swimmer Emma McKeon won 14 gold medals at three successive Games (2014, 18, 22).
Swimmer Susie O'Neill won 10 gold medals at three successive Games (1990, 94, 98).
Swimmer Ian Thorpe won 10 gold medals at two successive Games (1998, 2002).
Swimmer Leisel Jones won 10 gold medals at three successive Games (2002, 06, 10).
Most gold medals won at a single Games
Swimmer Susie O'Neill won 6 gold medals at the 1998 Games.
Swimmer Ian Thorpe won 6 gold medals at the 2002 Games.
Swimmer Emma McKeon won 6 gold medals at the 2022 Games.
Most medals won by a competitor
Swimmer Emma McKeon won 20 medals (14 gold, 1 silver, 5 bronze) at three Games (2014, 18, 22).
Shooter Phillip Adams has won 18 medals (7 gold, 9 silver, 2 bronze) at five Games (1982, 86, 90, 94, 2002).
Swimmer Susie O'Neill has won 15 medals (10 gold, 5 silver) at three Games (1990, 94, 98).
Swimmer Emily Seebohm has won 15 medals (7 gold, 4 silver, 4 bronze) at three Games (2010, 14, 18)
Shooter Bruce Quick has won 14 medals (1 Gold, 9 Silver and 4 Bronze) at 6 games (1990, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014).
Oldest gold medal winner
Dorothy Roche, was 61 years and 10 months old when she won a gold medal in the women's fours in Bowls at the 1990 Games.
Youngest gold medal winner
Jenny Turrall, was 13 years, 8 months old when she won a gold medal in the 400m freestyle at Christchurch, New Zealand in 1974. Jenny Turrall also won Silver medals in the 200m Freestyle, 800m Freestyle and the women's 4x100 Freestyle Relay at the 1974 Christchurch Games.
Winning Streaks
Australia has won gold in the following events for each consecutive Games since the beginning of each individual streak.
Swimming, Men's 4 × 200 m (13 Games - 1954, 58, 62, 66, 70, 74, 78, 82, 86, 90, 94, 98, 2002)
Swimming, Women's 4 × 100 m Medley (9 Games - 1990, 94, 98, 2002, 06, 10, 14, 18, 22)
Swimming, Men's 4 × 100 m (6 Games - 1982, 86, 90, 94, 98, 2002)
Men's Hockey (7 Games - 1998, 2002, 06, 10, 14, 18, 22)
Australian Records Achieved at Commonwealth Games
Record Types listed follow this Key:
WR: World Record
CR: Commonwealth Record
AR: Australian Record
GR: Games Record
Record Summary
This list shows a summary of known Australian records and totals for each year and overall. A world record also covers all other records (Commonwealth, Australian and Games) but is not included in each individual tally. This also goes for each other section overlapping. The hierarchy is defined by the record key.
2002
6 World Records were set during these Games.
44 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 2002 Games.
1998
20 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1998 Games.
1994
29 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1994 Games.
1990
7 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1990 Games.
1986
6 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1986 Games.
1978
2 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1978 Games.
1974
1 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1974 Games.
1970
3 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1970 Games.
1966
14 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1966 Games.
1962
5 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1962 Games.
1958
3 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1958 Games.
1950
2 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1950 Games.
1934
2 Commonwealth Games Records were set in the 1934 Games.
Notes
See also
Commonwealth Games Australia
References
External links
Commonwealth Games Federation
Commonwealth Games Australia
Nations at the Commonwealth Games
Yasmin Maree Catley is an Australian politician who was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Swansea for the Labor Party at the 2015 New South Wales state election.
Formerly a librarian with the Lake Macquarie City Council, she has worked in the offices of Federal Labor MPs Greg Combet and Anthony Albanese. She is married to Robert Coombs who himself served as the member for Swansea from 2007 to 2011.
Yasmin was appointed to the Shadow Ministry by NSW Labor Leader Luke Foley as the Shadow Minister for Innovation and Better Regulation in March 2015.
From June 2019 to May 2021, Catley was Deputy Leader of the ALP and hence Deputy Leader of the Opposition. Catley resigned as deputy leader on 28 May 2021 along with leader Jodi McKay.
References
External links
Living people
People from the Central Coast (New South Wales)
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Labor Left politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Australian politicians
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Georg Wander (August 11, 1841 – March 14, 1897) was a German-Swiss chemist and industrialist.
Biography
Georg Wander studied chemistry in Gießen, Tübingen and Würzburg. In 1859 he became a member of the Corps Rhenania Gießen. In 1861 he joined the Corps Rhenania Tübingen. After receiving his doctorate, he was an assistant at the Institute of Chemistry and Pharmacy at the University of Bern from 1863 to 1865. He worked for 320 francs a month whilst studying at Bern. For comparison, a professor during that time would typically earn about 2,800 to even 3,200 francs per month. His colleagues in other facilities were almost getting doubled of what he was getting paid.
In 1865 he became a partner in a mineral water factory (Sommer & Comp) in Bern, which he took over in 1867 and expanded into a chemical-technical and analytical laboratory. He mainly took part in producing tinctures, ointments, pastilles, oils, and refreshing beverages. From this laboratory emerged the later Wander AG, which is known worldwide in particular due to the malt beverage Ovomaltine. His successor as company leader was his son Albert Wander who was already helping in the work at this time. He spoke proudly about the Ovalmaltine product in this quote from 1869.
Georg Wander's scientific and technical achievements included the gentle extraction of barley malt and its enrichment, for which he used quinine, iron and lime in addition to other substances. Continuing into the 1890s he kept on making equipment such as spirit lamps and vacuum evaporaters with his son. In 1897 he died and a new product hit the shelves, Herbalpina herbal bonbons.
Bibliography
In total he has 12 works in 19 publications in 2 languages and 71 library holdings. He mostly wrote about the products he made and the chemical process involved with those. Books such as Über das Hesperidin einiger Pflanzen and Liebig : Vortrag gehalten ... im Schosse der Bernischen literarischen Gesellschaft, im Jahre 1896.
References
1841 births
1897 deaths
19th-century German chemists
Swiss industrialists
19th-century Swiss businesspeople
University of Bern alumni
People from Osthofen
The Federation of Printing Information Media Workers' Unions (PIMW, , Insatsu Roren) is a trade union representing workers in the printing industry in Japan.
The union was founded on 25 August 1989 and affiliated with the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. In 1996, it had 22,887 members, which by 2020 had fallen to 20,730.
References
External links
Printing trade unions
Trade unions established in 1989
Trade unions in Japan
The second USS Tern (AM-31) was an acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
Tern was laid down on 7 September 1918 at Morris Heights, New York, by the Gas Engine & Power Co. and the C. L. Seabury Co.; launched on 22 March 1919; sponsored by Mrs. Bruce Scrimgeour; and commissioned on 17 May 1919 as Minesweeper No. 31.
West Coast operations
Tern was assigned to the United States Pacific Fleet and steamed to the west coast. On 1 October, the minesweeper joined Train Squadron (TrainRon) 2, Fleet Base Force, at Pearl Harbor. Her squadron operated in support of the Battle Force for the next nine years. Tern was designated AM-31 on 17 July 1920 when the Navy first assigned hull numbers to its ships. In July 1927, Tern and her squadron moved to San Diego, California, and operated out of that port for six years before their base was shifted to San Pedro, California. Tern remained with TrainRon 2, Base Force, and accompanied it to Pearl Harbor on 19 June 1941 when the squadron was again assigned to Hawaii.
Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor
When the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941, Tern was alongside in the first repair slip at the north end of 1010 Docks, upkeep undergoing. All of her machinery was dead, and she was receiving steam and electricity from the dock. She was notified of the attack at 0753 and immediately made preparations to get underway. Twelve minutes later, her gunners opened fire with Lewis machine guns on an incoming enemy plane which was seen to crash near the Officers' Club. At 0943, the minesweeper moved out into the harbor and picked up 47 survivors from various ships. Tern then proceeded to to assist in fighting fires but was soon ordered to aid . The fires on West Virginia were extinguished at 1430 on 8 December, and the minesweeper moved back alongside Arizona until the fires on that battleship were brought under control, shortly after noon on the 9th. Tern was not damaged by the Japanese attack.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
On 9 January 1942, Tern began towing a fuel oil barge to Johnston Island. She delivered it on the 13th and returned to Pearl Harbor. Tern got underway for the Society Islands on 9 February, arrived at Borabora on the 18th, and was assigned duty there as station ship. On 1 March, the Base Force was renamed Service Force, Pacific; and, on 1 June, the minesweeper was redesignated AT-142, an ocean tug. She remained at Borabora until 2 January 1943 when she was relieved by . The tug returned to Pearl Harbor on 27 January and, five weeks later, headed for San Pedro, California, and an overhaul.
Tern arrived back at Pearl Harbor on 23 May and joined the Service Squadron, U.S. 3rd Fleet, operating in the Hawaiian area. Her duties for the next year consisted of recovering training torpedoes, towing targets for bombing and gunnery practice, and assisting other ships. On 15 May 1944, her designation was changed to ATO-142 (Ocean Tug, Old).
Supporting the liberation of the Philippines
On 9 July, Tern joined a convoy headed for the Marshall Islands. She arrived at Eniwetok on the 28th and operated from that base for the next five months towing craft to Majuro, Tarawa, Ulithi, and Guam. On 4 January 1945, the tug shifted her base of operations to Ulithi for five months. On 26 May, Tern got underway for Leyte, Philippine Islands. She arrived at San Pedro on 1 June and was assigned duty as a target towing ship with Submarine Training, Pacific Fleet, at Guam. The tug arrived at Apra Harbor, Guam, on 20 June and operated with submarines until 1 September when she was relieved by (ATO-133). The next week, Tern began the long voyage, via Eniwetok and Pearl Harbor, to the United States.
Post-war deactivation
Tern arrived at San Francisco, California, in mid-October and began preparing for inactivation. She was decommissioned on 23 November and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 5 December 1945.
Awards
Tern received one battle star for World War II.
References
External links
USS Tern, Report of Pearl Harbor Attack
USS Tern
uboat.net - USS Tern
Lapwing-class minesweepers
Ships built in Morris Heights, Bronx
1918 ships
World War I minesweepers of the United States
Ships present during the attack on Pearl Harbor
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Lapwing-class minesweepers converted to tugs
Gateway National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area in New York City and Monmouth County, New Jersey. It provides recreational opportunities that are not commonly found in a dense urban environment, including ocean swimming, bird watching, boating, hiking and camping. Ten million people visit Gateway annually.
Gateway was created by the U.S. Congress in 1972 to preserve and protect scarce or unique natural, cultural, and recreational resources with relatively convenient access by a high percentage of the nation's population. It is owned by the federal government and managed by the National Park Service.
Creation
In 1969, the Regional Plan Association proposed a new national seashore in the New York metropolitan area, to be administered by the United States Department of the Interior. U.S. President Richard Nixon put his support behind a very similar proposal in 1970, with one significant change: instead of being designated a "seashore", the protected area would be a national park. In May of that year, the president started the process of getting Congressional approval for this move.
The United States House of Representatives approved the creation of Gateway National Recreation Area in September 1972, and most of the land was transferred to the National Park Service (NPS) for inclusion in Gateway National Recreation Area. In the same vote, the House denied the state's provision to create a housing development at Floyd Bennett Field, which was to be part of the Gateway Area. Gateway National Recreation Area was officially created on October 27, 1972, along with Golden Gate National Recreation Area in San Francisco. Gateway included over of land. This excluded some of the land proposed by the RPA, including the Coney Island shore.
Units and park sites
The recreation area comprises three units and 11 park sites in all. Primary law enforcement in the Gateway National Recreation Area is the responsibility of the United States Park Police in the New York units, and National Park Service Rangers in the New Jersey unit.
Jamaica Bay Unit
Jamaica Bay Unit, in Brooklyn and Queens, includes much of the shoreline and water below the Shore Parkway beginning at Plum Beach and ending at John F. Kennedy International Airport, along with several dozen islands in Jamaica Bay, a tidal estuary. It also includes most of the western part of the Rockaway Peninsula, which separates Jamaica Bay from the Atlantic Ocean. Among the sites in this unit are:
Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge is a prime location for viewing birds and bird migrations, diamondback turtle egg-laying and horseshoe crab mating and egg laying. Its are mostly open water, but includes upland shoreline and islands with salt marsh, dunes, brackish ponds, woodland, and fields. It is the only "wildlife refuge" in the National Park System. Originally created and managed by New York City as a "wildlife refuge", the term was retained by Gateway when the site was transferred. All other federally managed areas titled "wildlife refuge" are managed by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service under their own specific criteria and standards.
Shirley Chisholm State Park is a park built on top of the former Pennsylvania Ave landfill along the belt parkway in the north of the bay. The park is operated by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, but the land is owned by the National Park Service and is leased to the state for a 60 year period. The park represents an innovative step in landfill remediation and redevelopment, and has cost 20 million dollars as of 2019 to develop. The park features bike paths, free bike rentals, kayaking, fishing, and walking trails. The first phase of SCSP was opened in July 2019, and subsequent development will open the other half in 2020.
Floyd Bennett Field, a decommissioned airfield with a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places, also hosts the Historic Aircraft Restoration Project (H.A.R.P.) in Hangar B where volunteers are working to preserve the park's collection of historic aircraft. Hangar B is open to the public at selected times during the week. Exhibits and programs on the airfield's history are available in the former control tower and terminal, since converted into the Ryan Visitor Center, named for William Fitts Ryan, the congressman who championed Gateway's creation. The former airfield also accommodates public camping, with 46 campsites. As of August 2013, Floyd Bennett Field campground provides hot showers and clean modern bathrooms. There is also a camp store. No electricity provided. Still, it is the only public campground maintained by the National Park Service that is within the limits of an American city, and the only legal campground in New York City. The grasslands of Floyd Bennett Field are a good place for viewing falcons such as kestrels. Floyd Bennett Field also includes concession recreational facilities including a sports arena and ice skating rinks in adaptively re-used hangars. Within this unit, but still nearby, are Dead Horse Bay, which includes a marina concession, and an adjacent golf driving range concession. Bergen Beach, on the north shore of Jamaica Bay, is also nearby and within the unit's boundary, supporting a horse riding academy concession.
Canarsie Pier is the latest in a series of recreational piers near this location, and remains popular as a picnic area and fishing spot on the north shore of the bay.
Fort Tilden, between Jacob Riis Park and Breezy Point on the Rockaway peninsula, has some of the city's most pristine and secluded ocean beaches, a successional maritime forest, a coastal dune system, and a freshwater pond. Between 1917 and 1974, Fort Tilden served as part of the harbor's system of defenses, and once housed Nike antiaircraft missiles. Today an observatory deck on one of the old batteries has views of Jamaica Bay, New York Harbor and the Manhattan skyline. Fort Tilden is one of the best places on New York Harbor to observe hawks during the fall migration.
Breezy Point Tip occupies the westernmost part of the Rockaway peninsula, forming one side of the outer "gateway" to New York Harbor. Its contain oceanfront beach, bay shoreline, dunes, marshes and coastal grasslands. Breezy Point Tip is a nesting area for the threatened piping plover.
Jacob Riis Park is an ocean beach with a boardwalk and historic bathhouse with art deco elements. It was built by powerful New York planner and administrator Robert Moses, and was named after journalist, photographer and reformer Jacob Riis.
Staten Island Unit
Staten Island Unit is located on the southeastern shore of Staten Island facing Lower New York Bay. It includes Hoffman and Swinburne Islands, both off limits to visitation and managed primarily for the benefit of avian species. The unit also includes the following three sites:
Fort Wadsworth is a historic collection of masonry fortifications on the site of much earlier fortifications at the Narrows of New York Bay.
Miller Field is a historic former airfield south of New Dorp with picnic areas, open areas and sports fields.
Great Kills Park includes a marina where visitors can go boating, a beach with lifeguards during the summer, and nature trails. It also serves as a nesting site for osprey.
Sandy Hook Unit
Sandy Hook Unit is in Monmouth County in northern New Jersey. The barrier peninsula forms the other side of the "gateway" to New York Harbor, and includes two park sites:
Fort Hancock served as part of the harbor's coastal defense system from 1895 until 1974 and contains 100 historic buildings and fortifications.
Sandy Hook contains seven beaches, including Gunnison Beach, a nude beach by custom, as well as salt marshes and a maritime holly forest. Ferries from Manhattan are available in season. Fishing and using hand-launched vessels are popular here.
Gallery
See also
Geography of New York–New Jersey Harbor Estuary
Legacy of parks
References
External links
Gateway National Recreation Area (National Park Service)
Gateway National Recreation Area (National Parks of New York Harbor Conservancy)
Friends of Gunnison official website
National Park Service National Recreation Areas
Parks in Queens, New York
Rockaway, Queens
National Park Service areas in New York City
National Park Service areas in New Jersey
Port of New York and New Jersey
Parks in Brooklyn
Parks in Staten Island
Parks in New Jersey
Canarsie, Brooklyn
Raritan Bayshore
The 2018 Seattle Sounders FC season was the club's tenth season in Major League Soccer, the United States' top-tier of professional soccer. The Sounders finished their previous season as MLS Cup runners-up, losing 2–0 to Toronto FC. The 2018 season was Brian Schmetzer's second full MLS season as head coach of the Sounders.
Background
Current roster
Out on loan
Competitions
Preseason
Friendlies
Major League Soccer
League tables
Western Conference
Overall
Results
MLS Cup Playoffs
Western Conference Semifinals
CONCACAF Champions League
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
U.S. Open Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Numbers after plus-sign(+) denote appearances as a substitute.
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left the club during the season:
[S2] – S2 player
Top scorers
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!width=30|Rank
!width=30|Position
!width=30|Number
!width=175|Name
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|Total
|-
|rowspan="1"|1
|FW
|9
|align="left"| Raúl Ruidíaz
|10
|3
|0
|0
|13
|-
|rowspan="1"|2
|MF
|10
|align="left"| Nicolás Lodeiro
|8
|1
|0
|2
|11
|-
|rowspan="1"|3
|FW
|17
|align="left"| Will Bruin
|7
|0
|0
|1
|8
|-
|rowspan="2"|4
|MF
|8
|align="left"| Víctor Rodríguez
|5
|0
|0
|0
|5
|-
|DF
|14
|align="left"| Chad Marshall
|4
|0
|0
|1
|5
|-
|rowspan="2"|6
|MF
|7
|align="left"| Cristian Roldan
|4
|0
|0
|0
|4
|-
|FW
|19
|align="left"| Harry Shipp
|3
|0
|1
|0
|4
|-
|rowspan="1"|8
|MF
|4
|align="left"| Gustav Svensson
|3
|0
|0
|0
|3
|-
|rowspan="3"|9
|FW
|2
|align="left"| Clint Dempsey
|1
|0
|0
|1
|2
|-
|MF
|22
|align="left"| Magnus Wolff Eikrem
|1
|0
|0
|1
|2
|-
|-
|FW
|70
|align="left"| Handwalla Bwana
|2
|0
|0
|0
|2
|-
|rowspan="1"|12
|MF
|21
|align="left"| Jordy Delem
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
Top assists
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size: 95%; text-align: center;"
|-
!width=30|Rank
!width=30|Position
!width=30|Number
!width=175|Name
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|
!width=75|Total
|-
|rowspan="1"|1
|MF
|10
|align="left"| Nicolás Lodeiro
|16
|0
|0
|2
|18
|-
|rowspan="1"|2
|MF
|7
|align="left"| Cristian Roldan
|9
|1
|0
|0
|10
|-
|rowspan="1"|3
|MF
|8
|align="left"| Víctor Rodríguez
|6
|0
|0
|0
|6
|-
|rowspan="2"|4
|FW
|17
|align="left"| Will Bruin
|5
|0
|0
|0
|5
|-
|DF
|18
|align="left"| Kelvin Leerdam
|5
|0
|0
|0
|5
|-
|rowspan="3"|6
|MF
|19
|align="left"| Harry Shipp
|3
|0
|0
|0
|3
|-
|MF
|6
|align="left"| Osvaldo Alonso
|3
|0
|0
|0
|3
|-
|FW
|2
|align="left"| Clint Dempsey
|1
|0
|0
|2
|3
|-
|rowspan="10"|9
|DF
|11
|align="left"| Brad Smith
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|FW
|70
|align="left"| Handwalla Bwana
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|DF
|90
|align="left"| Waylon Francis
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|MF
|22
|align="left"| Magnus Wolff Eikrem
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|MF
|16
|align="left"| Alex Roldan
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|FW
|9
|align="left"| Raúl Ruidíaz
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|DF
|5
|align="left"| Nouhou
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|MF
|4
|align="left"| Gustav Svensson
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|DF
|14
|align="left"| Chad Marshall
|1
|0
|0
|0
|1
|-
|MF
|16
|align="left"| Henry Wingo
|0
|0
|0
|1
|1
|-
Disciplinary record
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
| rowspan="2" !width=15|
| rowspan="2" !width=15|
| rowspan="2" !width=120|Player
| colspan="3"|MLS
| colspan="3"|MLS Playoffs
| colspan="3"|U.S. Open Cup
| colspan="3"|CONCACAF Champions League
| colspan="3"|Total
|-
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#ff8888;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#ff8888;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#ff8888;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#ff8888;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#fe9;|
!width=34; background:#ff8888;|
|-
|-
|| 2 || |FW ||align=left| Clint Dempsey || |1|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |2|| |0|| |0|||3|| |0|| |1
|-
|-
|| 4 || |MF ||align=left| Gustav Svensson || |2|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|||4|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 5 || |DF ||align=left| Nouhou || |8|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||8|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 6 || |MF ||align=left| Osvaldo Alonso || |6|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||7|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 7 || |MF ||align=left| Cristian Roldan || |4|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||4|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 9 || |FW ||align=left| Raúl Ruidíaz || |1|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||2|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 10 || |MF ||align=left| Nicolás Lodeiro || |3|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||3|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 11 || |DF ||align=left| Brad Smith || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 14 || |DF ||align=left| Chad Marshall || |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||0|| |0|| |1
|-
|-
|| 15 || |DF ||align=left| Tony Alfaro || |2|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||2|| |1|| |0
|-
|-
|| 16 || |MF ||align=left| Alex Roldan || |2|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||3|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 17 || |FW ||align=left| Will Bruin || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 18 || |DF ||align=left| Kelvin Leerdam || |4|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||4|| |0|| |1
|-
|-
|| 19 || |FW ||align=left| Harry Shipp || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 20 || |DF ||align=left| Kim Kee-Hee || |4|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||4|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 21 || |MF ||align=left| Jordy Delem || |5|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|||6|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 22 || |MF ||align=left| Magnus Wolff Eikrem || |2|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||2|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 23 || |MF ||align=left| Henry Wingo || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 24 || |GK ||align=left| Stefan Frei || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 27 || |FW ||align=left| Lamar Neagle || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 29 || |DF ||align=left| Roman Torres || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|||2|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 30 || |DF ||align=left| Jordan McCrary || |2|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |2|| |0|| |0|||4|| |1|| |0
|-
|-
|| 71 || |FW ||align=left| David Olsen [S2]|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 90 || |DF ||align=left| Waylon Francis || |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|||2|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 92 || |DF ||align=left| Rodrigue Ele [S2]|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
|-
|| 99 || |FW ||align=left| Felix Chenkam || |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |1|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|| |0|||1|| |0|| |0
|-
!colspan=3|Total !!54!!2!!3!!3!!0!!0!!4!!0!!0!!8!!0!!0!!69!!2!!3
Honors and awards
MLS Team of the Week
Bold indicates Audi Player Index Spotlight
MLS Coach of the Week
MLS Goal of the Week
MLS Best XI
MLS Save of the Year
Transfers
For transfers in, dates listed are when Sounders FC officially signed the players to the roster. Transactions where only the rights to the players are acquired are not listed. For transfers out, dates listed are when Sounders FC officially removed the players from its roster, not when they signed with another club. If a player later signed with another club, his new club will be noted, but the date listed here remains the one when he was officially removed from Sounders FC roster.
In
Draft picks
Draft picks are not automatically signed to the team roster. Only those who are signed to a contract will be listed as transfers in. Only trades involving draft picks and executed after the start of 2018 MLS SuperDraft will be listed in the notes.
Out
Notes
A. Players who are under contract with Seattle Sounders FC 2.
References
Seattle Sounders FC seasons
Seattle Sounders
Seattle
Seattle
Seattle
Lights Out is the second album by the UK band, Antimatter, released in 2003.
Track listing
Credits
Duncan Patterson - bass guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, programming, artwork, production, vocals
Mick Moss - bass guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, production, vocals
Hayley Windsor - guest vocals on tracks 1, 2, 3
Michelle Richfield - guest vocals on tracks 4, 5, 7
James SK Wān – bamboo flute
Jamie Cavanagh - additional percussion:
Stefano Soffia - production
Stefano Soffia - mixing engineer
Jamie Cavanagh - additional mixing
Fergal Davis - mastering
Adrian Owens - artwork and layout designer
References
2003 albums
Antimatter (band) albums
The End Records albums
The Third Argument () is a Serbian graphic novel based on the works of writer Milorad Pavić, with script by Zoran Stefanović and art by Zoran Tucić.
Creation and publication history
The graphic novel was created by artist Zoran Tucić and scriptwriter Zoran Stefanović based on motifs from Milorad Pavić's literature. Other artists also participated in the creation of the novel: costume designer Jasmina Ignjatović (women's costumes), painter and sculptor Jasna Nikolić (figure-concepts), art photographer Milinko Stefanović and graphic designer Rade Tovladijac.
The novel is based on Pavić's stories "The Wedgwood Tea Set", "Horses of St. Mark, or the Novel of Troy" and "The Third Argument", as well as poems "The Game of Chess with Mexican Figures" and "The Novel of Troy".
The graphic novel was successfully received both by the public and critics in FR Yugoslavia. In 1995, it was published in Cyprus. Then it was introduced to the planetary public through the Heavy Metal Magazine, where it was published in sections from 1998 to 2000. It 2016 it was published in France by YIL Editions, and republished in Serbia by Komiko.
Story
The novel consists of three stories, "The Wedgwood Tea Set", "The Horses of Saint Mark" and "The Third Argument".
"The Wedgwood Tea Set"
The story is told in the manner of magical realism.
The story is told by a poor young man. He tells how he met a beautiful, rich young girl from the capital. The two met at the Faculty of Mathematics. The girl was looking for someone to help her prepare an exam, so the two start studying together. The young man would visit the girl's house early in the morning, the two would study, the breakfast would be served, after which the two would continue studying. As the time passes, the girl realizes the young man is lagging behind her. When the day of the exam comes, the girl passes, while the young man fails to appear to take the exam. Months pass, with the girl wondering where the young man is. The two meet during the winter, agreeing to study together for the following exam. When the exam comes, she passes, discovering he did not even apply to take it. The two meet during spring and, for the third time, decide to study together. After weeks of studying, the girl passes, while the young man, once again, does not appear on the exam. Among his books left at the girl's house she discovers his student card, which reveals to her that they do not even attend the same faculty. Wondering why he would spend months of studying something that has nothing to do with his studies, the girl comes to the conclusion that it must have been because he was in love with her. Searching for him, she finds out from his African friends that he went home, to Greece, to a village near Thessaloniki. The girl goes to Greece and finds his house. After dinner, the young man shows her his white bull. The two make love on the bull's back, while it runs across the fields. In the autumn, the young man proposes to the girl that they study together again and she agrees, deciding not to mention that she is aware that they do not attain the same faculty. The girl does not feel surprised when the young man does not appear on the exam, but does feel surprised when she does not meet him during following months. Sitting in her living room and wondering whether his feelings for her were real, the girl spots the Wedgwood tea set on the table, with a relief of a girl and a bull on the teapot. She then realizes that the young man spent months and months studying with her only so he could have breakfast in her house. She starts wondering if it is possible that the young man actually hated her. The story concludes with the young man's words: "My name was Balkans. Her name – Europe."
"The Horses of Saint Mark"
The story of the Trojan War is "Slavicized", with Slavic names for Hellenic gods and heroes and numerous anachronisms.
In 4000 BC, a young girl is taken to the forest by the Danube by two older man. They give her instructions about looking into the future. She sees the events happening in 12th century BC through the eyes of Pariž (Paris). Pariž declares how, in the times when Troy still "stood on ships", a woman breastfeeding him fell asleep and had a vision of Troy in flames because of a child "born on the day the mares were taken to the field to be fertilized by the wind". After realizing it is Pariž, the Trojans decide to kill him, but the sailor who is ordered to do it is bribed and Pariž is saved.
Years later, Pariž's father Primuž (Priam) is hunting. After failing to hit a deer from his crossbow, he turns to an "unfortunate and unworthy" way to catch the deer: he prays in order to "tie his prey with his prayer". He takes the dead deer home, where it is skinned. Primuž and his wife lay in deer's skin and make love. When the child is born, his mother, as a Recent for his father's sin, names him Jelen (Slavic word for "deer"). When he grows up, it becomes clear that he would not be as beautiful and strong as his older brother, Pariž. However, Jelen is clairvoyant and is sent to a monastery to learn how to use his gift.
The Judgement of Paris takes place (with three goddesses in this version being three female prophets), and Pariž pronounces Venuša (Aphrodite) the most beautiful after she promises him Jelena (Helen), the wife of the emperor Menelauš (king Menelaus). Meanwhile, Jelen is taken to the "Emperor City" (Constantinople) by his teachers, where he is shown four bronze horses "made in the time of Lesandar (Alexander)". He is told that every time the horses move an empire falls. Jelen is, similar to the girl from the story's beginning, left on the coast of a lake. After several days, he sees a white unicorn, and manages to see into the future: Pariž's visit to Sparta, taking of Jelena to Troy and the beginning of the Trojan War. After that, Jelen sees how the Crusaders move the Horses of Saint Mark from Constantinople to Rome, and then a number of dramatic historical events from the future. The story then turns to a contemporary newspaper article about one of the bronze horses being removed from their place at the St Mark's Basilica in Venice in order to go under a restoration. Pariž declares that, at the end of his visions, Jelen saw "you [the reader], who are staring into these images believing you are out of the game". The story returns to the young girl on the coast of the Danube, who meets a white unicorn.
"The Third Argument"
The storyteller tells the story of Hernán Cortés reaching the Aztec Empire with his troops. Despite having only 400 soldiers, he is convinced in his victory over Aztecs out of three arguments. First, he has 16 horses, which Aztecs believed were evil gods. Second, there was an Aztec legend about a golden-haired god expatriated from the continent, but who will return, coming from the east, in "the year of reed"; Cortés had blonde hair, and the year of the god's return was, according to Aztec calendar, 1519, the year of Cortés' coming. The third argument was "too complicated to be written or drawn. Thus it remains unknown. The third argument was, however, without any doubt, perfectly clear and known to every one of Cortés' soldiers." The Spanish march into Tenochtitlan, and Moctezuma II offers them peace. One of Moctezuma's closest counselors is sacrificed to the gods; as the storyteller explains, Aztecs believed that the human sacrifice is more valuable if the sacrificed was someone close to the person who offers the sacrifice. After the rebellion against Moctezuma, Cortés has to deal with the rebels and the Tenochtitlan officially falls into the hands of the Spanish.
The story turns to the legend of Juan Diego. During one winter, a poor Indian hunter has a vision of a woman (in the legend of Diego, the apparition was of Virgin Mary, but in this version she resembles Aztec goddess). He tells a Catholic missionary that the vision told him they should build a temple. The priest asks for a proof, and the Indian returns to the place where he had a vision. Finding nothing, he returns to the priest and, while declaring the woman is gone, fresh roses fall from his robe, which convinces the priest the vision was real. On the place of the vision Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe was built. The storyteller (presumably Pavić) describes his visit to Mexico City and the Basilica. Every year a large number of people attend the festivities in honor of Our Lady of Guadalupe. Every time a murder happens; as the storyteller explains, it is quite often that someone kills his friend "in the moment of true intimacy". One such case included a taxi driver who said to his friend: "Wait here, I'm going to fetch a knife. I'm going to kill you", after which he stabbed his friend, who waited peacefully, to death. The storyteller declares: "One evening, returning alone from a dinner, I was thinking about that event. In the dead of night I was passing through huge and desert park Chapultepec. However, there was no need for fear. In the huge and foreign city around me, among millions of inhabitants of Ciudad de México, there was no man who loved me. I was completely safe. The Cortés' third argument is, evidently, still valid."
Critical reception
The comic album was well received by critics in Serbia. Serbian writer and critic Pavle Zelić in a review wrote: "Authors have, in a very precise manner, touched the spirit, the essence of the oneiric, entangled and then disentangled style, which attracted so many readers to Pavić' prose." Journalist and critic Jelena Tasić wrote: "Done after the recipe of three colors – white, red and blue, stories themselves offer interpretation of their own spectrum, which as opposed to phrases of the enlightened, rational European thoughts on 'Liberté, égalité, fraternité', differ and come to persisting Balkan categories of future, present and past." Painter, poet and essayist Slobodan Škerović wrote about the comic: "Mystical charge is not allowing a reader/watcher to unleash imagination but it takes him to the realm where quiet buzzing of instruments of art overcomes the need for unquestionably solid form of ordered existence." He also wrote: "'Wedgwood's Tea Set' is a mythological quest for the meaning, told by a rich visual language and strict narrative suspense. The simulation surpasses the reality and completely compresses it into a decorative symbolism. This kind of inner emanation I only saw with Kurosawa, in Dodes'ka-den and Dreams." Journalist and writer Aleksandar Žikić wrote: "Coldness of colors is in accord with ethereal characters, who are more like symbols and using the rhythm of the prose sample."
The comic was also well received abroad. American comic book artist, writer and editor Archie Goodwin described the album as a "truly visually brilliant graphic novel". Polish critic Artur Dlugosz wrote: "A sensual comic 'Wedgwood's Tea Set' of the duo Tucić and Stefanović, attracts with its colors and execution technique. It is easy to get immersed into that wonderful story [...] Fluid storytelling takes us through new turnabouts of incredible love, describing the consequential attempts and heroically accepted defeats – as well as sudden punchline, which reveals a completely different side of story. If such comics could only be created in Poland..."
Awards
1995 – The Comic Event of the Year by NIN
1995 – Grand Prix at Zaječar Comic Salon
The Third Argument in Pavić's work
In a postmodern manner, the graphic novel is mentioned in Pavić's novel, The Writing Box (1999):
References
External links
The Third Argument at the Association of Comic Artists of Serbia official website
The Third Argument at YIL Edition official website
Milorad Pavić official website
Serbian comics titles
Serbian graphic novels
Fantasy comics
Novels adapted into comics
Mythology in comics
Classical mythology in comics
Heavy Metal (magazine) titles
1995 comics debuts
Magic realism novels
Fictional Serbian people
Serbian comics characters
The Rebel Gladiators (/ Ursus, the Rebel Gladiator) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella starring Dan Vadis, Josè Greci and Alan Steel.
Plot
The newly crowned emperor Commodus kidnaps the beautiful Arminia, who happens to be betrothed to the mighty gladiator Ursus. Obsessed with a desire to physically best all other men, he uses the girl as a hostage to force Ursus to fight him in the arena, but when Ursus beats him up and actually forces the dictator to beg for his life, he accuses Ursus of being in league with a group of usurpers who oppose Commodus' tyrannical rule. Ursus finally leads a slave revolt that overthrows Commodus, who is killed in the uprising, and Ursus is reunited with Arminia.
Cast
Dan Vadis as Ursus
Josè Greci as Arminia
Alan Steel as Commodo/Commodus
Tullio Altamura as Antonino
Nando Tamberlani as Marco Aurelio
Gloria Milland
Gianni Santuccio as Emilio Leto
Sal Borghese as gladiator
Bruno Scipioni
Andrea Aureli as gladiator instructor
Carlo Delmi as Settimio
References
External links
1963 films
Films directed by Domenico Paolella
Films scored by Carlo Savina
Peplum films
1960s adventure films
Films set in ancient Rome
Films set in the Roman Empire
Films set in Rome
Films set in the 2nd century
Films about gladiatorial combat
Sword and sandal films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
Ravna () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Gorenja Vas. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Ravna at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
The Batumi Ladies Open is a tournament for professional female tennis players. The event is classified as a $15,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament. It has been held on outdoor hardcourts in Batumi, Georgia, since 1997 ($10k; later $15–75k).
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
Official website
ITF search
ITF Women's World Tennis Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Georgia (country)
Recurring sporting events established in 1997
Sport in Batumi
Doc, Hands of Steel (, , also known as The Man Who Came to Kill and Man with the Golden Pistol) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar.
Cast
Carl Möhner: Doc MacGregor
Luis Dávila: Slade
Fernando Sancho: Pablo Reyes
Gloria Milland: Norma O'Connor
Umberto Raho: Brogas
Pedro Gil
Franco Balducci
References
External links
Doc, Hands of Steel at Variety Distribution
1965 films
Italian Western (genre) films
Spanish Western (genre) films
Spaghetti Western films
1965 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Alfonso Balcázar
Films scored by Angelo Francesco Lavagnino
1960s Italian films
Mohamed Abdelbasset Elnouby () is an Egyptian programmer and information security specialist, and one of the most famous white hat Arabic hackers.
His start point was in 2013 when he penetrated and discovered a vulnerability on Facebook. He also discovered many vulnerabilities on many websites like: Google, Yahoo, Amazon, Adobe and others. He has been honored for that effort plus adding his name to the add value and the hall of fame list of the white hat security experts on more than 20 global websites.
He become project leader in OWASP in 2016, he was the Chief Technology Officer in Google business community in upper Egypt. As white hat hacker, he also helped many known companies to fix many vulnerabilities in their systems.
Early life
He was born in 1988 in Esna, Qena, upper Egypt. He is graduated from the faculty of the tourism and hotels Elmenia university. He started working on the programming and computer networks field since 1999 and worked for many organizations like S3Geeks. He cooperated with some volunteering works like the Arabization of the famous social media website twitter and he also worked as the general moderator for the Arabic version for Foursquare app and a freelance programmer and the Chief Technonogy Officer in Google business community in upper Egypt.
In 2014, he joined OWASP Cairo Chapter as an online coordinator, then he become a leader in OWASP for project (QRLJacking) upon he was discovering QRLJacking the new Social Engineering attack vector.
Notable works
Samsung vulnerability 2014
In October 2014, there were media reports about Hackers can use the Samsung "Find My Mobile" feature to attack phones and Mohamed Elnouby discovered that, this feature allows users to remotely lock or wipe their phones if they're misplaced or stolen, If you Find My Mobile is turned on, hackers can remotely lock the device and change its unlock code, rendering it useless.
According to the National Cyber Security Division, which is part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security: the hackers can exploit a flaw in Samsung's Find My Mobile system to execute denial-of-service attacks.
When lock-code data comes in over a network, Samsung mobile devices do not validate the source, according to the U.S. government's National Vulnerability Database. This makes Samsung phones more susceptible to this kind of remote attack.
Samsung said it is looking into the situation.
United Nations data leak
In 25 Sep 2018, The United Nations has been hit with two damning data leak allegations, The researchers uncover a pair of flaws that had left a number of its records, and those of its employees, accessible to hackers online.
The security researcher Kushagra Pathak found that the UN had left an unsecured set of Trello, Jira and Google Docs projects exposed to the internet. Pathak who has specialized in uncovering vulnerable Trello boards and web apps said the exposed information included account credentials and internal communications and documents used by UN staff to plan projects.
The second exposure was uncovered by researcher Mohamed Elnouby of Seekurity and resulted in the exposure of "thousands" of résumés submitted by job applicants, The breach was discovered by security researcher Mohamed Baset, from the penetration testing firm Seekurity. The researcher found a path disclosure vulnerability and an information disclosure vulnerability on the UN website that contained resumes of job applicants since 2016.
Elnouby found that applicants seeking a job at the UN had uploaded their resumes through an improperly configured web application. If exploited, the bugs could have allowed attackers to gain access to the directory index that documented the job applications by conducting Man-in-the-Middle (MiTM) attacks.
Awards
He was nominated for Arab CISO Of The Year Award (final shortlist) in Arab Security Conference 2019.
References
Further reading
http://www.androidauthority.com/samsung-security-bug-544443/
http://www.msn.com/en-my/news/other/exploit-lets-remote-attackers-lock-your-samsung-phone/ar-BBbEdll
http://finance.yahoo.com/video/hackers-samsung-mobile-feature-attack-140904121.html
http://www.zdnet.de/88209378/luecke-samsungs-find-mobile-dienst-erlaubt-angreifern-geraetezugriff/
http://www.cnet.de/88139133/samsungs-ortungsdienst-find-mobile-luecke-erlaubt-angreifern-geraetezugriff/
https://www.engadget.com/2014/10/28/samsung-find-my-mobile-exploit/less
External links
1988 births
Living people
Computer security specialists
People from Qena
Ethical hackers
The Taihang Mountains are a mountain range in China.
Taihang may also refer to:
Tai Hang, area in Hong Kong Island
Tai Hang (constituency), the political constituency of the above area
Tai Hang (Tai Po), area in the New Territories, Hong Kong
Shenyang WS-10, a Chinese military aircraft turbofan engine
The Lanner & District Silver Band is a brass band based in Lanner, Cornwall, United Kingdom, and an important part of village life.
History
The original Lanner & District Silver Band was formed in the Cornish village of Lanner in the mid-1890s. However, following large-scale emigration from the mining district it disbanded in 1902.
The band was reformed in 1965, and in those early days practised in a chicken shed in the garden of Lanner resident Daisy Moyle. Mrs. Moyle later became the band's first 'Life Member'.
As the band attracted more members they outgrew the chicken shed and moved to a bandroom at the top of Lanner Hill. From these humble beginnings a strong youth band emerged, and as time went by these young players progressed into the senior band, thus helping to sustain its development. Eventually, even the Lanner Hill Bandroom became too small, and a concerted effort from the players and committee members resulted in the purchase, in 1983, of the old Primitive Methodist chapel on Lanner Moor, which is the present band's headquarters.
Current activities
Lanner & District Silver band has progressed from its early days in the fourth section of the Cornish and national ratings, and is today one of the finest bands in Cornwall (a county which has around 40 silver bands). It has represented the South West area at the National Finals and won many other contests throughout the south west. In April 2003 the band was crowned West of England 2nd Section Champions. This promoted the band to the 1st Section and gained them qualification to the National Brass Band Championships of Great Britain. The success continued later that year when, at the finals, the band achieved a magnificent 3rd place. Since that time the band has competed successfully in the First Section and will be proud to be competing in the Championship Section as of January 2014. The success continues and the Lanner Band is recognised as one of the most innovative, entertaining and successful bands in Cornwall.
In July 2013 the band successfully completed the building of its new Headquarters and recording facility, which can also be used as a community venue. Funded by the generous donation of a grant from the Sita Cornwall Trust, the building was completed with a huge amount of voluntary work by band members and committee.
The band plays at the head of the Lanner Carnival parade in July and the Remembrance Day parade in November, which march through the village every year along with Scouting groups, a number of village groups, and decorated floats.
References
External links
Lanner & District Silver Band website
Musicians from Cornwall
Organisations based in Cornwall
British brass bands
In probability theory, Spitzer's formula or Spitzer's identity gives the joint distribution of partial sums and maximal partial sums of a collection of random variables. The result was first published by Frank Spitzer in 1956. The formula is regarded as "a stepping stone in the theory of sums of independent random variables".
Statement of theorem
Let be independent and identically distributed random variables and define the partial sums . Define . Then
where
and S± denotes (|S| ± S)/2.
Proof
Two proofs are known, due to Spitzer and Wendel.
References
Stochastic processes
Probability theorems
Dalyasan is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Jorge Inés (born 15 March 1945) is a former Guatemalan cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Guatemalan male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Guatemala
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Quetzaltenango
The list of shipwrecks in October 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during October 1875.
1 October
2 October
3 October
4 October
5 October
6 October
7 October
8 October
9 October
10 October
11 October
12 October
13 October
14 October
15 October
16 October
17 October
18 October
19 October
20 October
21 October
22 October
23 October
24 October
25 October
26 October
27 October
28 October
29 October
30 October
31 October
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936. Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-10
Maritime incidents in October 1875
is a Buddhist temple in the city of Tateyama in Chiba Prefecture, and is a temple of the Chizen Sect of Shingon Buddhism.
According to tradition, the temple was founded by Gyōki (668 - 749) in 717 early in the Nara period. It was later revived by a visit by the Tendai Buddhist priest Ennin (794 - 864) early in the Heian period. The date at which the temple returned to the Shingon sect is unknown. The temple received a juinjō (朱印状) seal of certification from the Tokugawa shogunate during the Edo period.
Kannon-dō
The temple is well known for its hall dedicated to the Goddess Kannon, which is situated on a sheer cliff of the boat-shaped Mount Funakata. For this reason the Kannon-dō is also known as the Cliff Kannon-dō . In the rear of the hall is a 1.5 meter tall statue of the Goddess Kannon. The Kannon-dō is designated as a Tangible Cultural Property by Tateyama City.
Transportation
Daifuku-ji is located in the Funakata District of Tateyama. It is accessible by foot from Nakofunakata Station, JR East Uchibō Line.
Sources
大福寺(崖の観音)
Religious organizations established in the 8th century
Buddhist temples in Chiba Prefecture
Tateyama, Chiba
Shingon temples
Lisana is a village in Rewari of Rewari block, in the Indian state of Haryana.
Polytechnic
It has a Government Polytechnic at from Rewari Bus stand on old Rewari Rohtak road.
Demographics of 2011
As of 2011 India census, Lisana, Rewari had a population of 1852 in 346 households. Males (997) constitute 53.83% of the population and females (855) 46.16%. Lisana has an average literacy (1226) rate of 66.19%, lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy (753) is 61.41%, and female literacy (473) is 38.58% of total literates(1226). In Lisana, 14.09% of the population is under 6 years of age (261).
Adjacent villages
Gokalgarh
Bikaner
Newgone
Gindokhar
Kaluwas
Ghasera
References
Villages in Rewari district
"Cuerpo y Alma" () is a song by Colombian-American latin pop singer-songwriter Soraya. The song was released as the lead single from her third bilingual studio album Cuerpo y Alma (2000). The song was written, produced and recorded by Soraya and Tony Nicholas. An English-language version called "I'm Yours" was released in the English/international edition of the album I'm Yours in Germany.
Track listing
References
2000 singles
2000 songs
Mercury Records singles
Songs written by Soraya (musician)
Soraya (musician) songs
The Last of the Baskets was a British television situation comedy produced by Granada and starring Arthur Lowe that ran for two series in the early 1970s. It was written by John Stevenson, with one episode (Series 2, Episode 5, "The Hound of the Baskets") written by Andy Mayer.
Created by John Stevenson, the programme was about a factory worker Clifford Basket (played by Ken Jones) who inherited a title of the Earl of Clogborough, the remaining estate of which is a rundown mansion at Little Clogborough-in-the-Marsh and a faithful servant Bodkin played by Arthur Lowe.
Cast
Redvers Bodkin - Arthur Lowe
Clifford Basket - Ken Jones
Mrs Alfreda Basket - Patricia Hayes
Episodes
Series 1 (1971)
Series 2 (1972)
References
1970s British sitcoms
1971 British television series debuts
1972 British television series endings
ITV sitcoms
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Granada Television
English-language television shows
Association Sportive Bantous is a Congolese football club based in Mbuji-Mayi, Kasai-Oriental province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football.
History
AS Bantous was founded in 1961 and they have won the Linafoot, the most important football league in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1995.
He was also a finalist of the Coupe du Congo (DR Congo) in 1994, in which he was defeated by DC Motema Pembe.
Internationally they have participated in 3 continental tournaments, in which they have never passed the second round.
Honours
Linafoot
Winners (1): 1995
Coupe du Congo
Runners-up (1): 1994
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup of Champions Clubs / CAF Champions League: 1 appearances
1996 – First Round
CAF Cup: 2 appearances
1994 – Second Round
1997 – Second Round
References
External links
Club profile - Soccerway.com
Club logo
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mbuji-Mayi
Following the work of Pierre Larousse on the Grand dictionnaire Universel, the Grand Dictionnaire Encyclopédique Larousse, a ten-volume dictionary, was published between 1982 and 1985 by Éditions Larousse. It is an encyclopedia and a dictionary merged in a single alphabetical listing. Beneath the standard dictionary (meanings, usages) entry comes the encyclopedic section.
Articles are illustrated by photographs, maps, chronologies and diagrams.
French encyclopedias
French dictionaries
Éditions Larousse books
1982 non-fiction books
20th-century encyclopedias
Agelas tubulata is a species of demosponge. It is tube-shaped or vase-shaped and variable in colour. It is found in the Caribbean area and along the coasts of Brazil at depths of between about . It was first described by Lehnert & Rob van Soest in 1996, the type location being the Greater Antilles.
Description
Agelas tubulata is quite variable in shape and colouring. It usually takes the form of a group of vases or tubes, sometimes fused together, growing directly from a narrow base; it may be tan, orange or pinkish on the outside and orangeish-yellow to orange on the inside. The surface is usually smooth. The spicules are acanthostyles. It resembles Agelas conifera, but that species has a narrower base and some of the tubes branch from the sides of other tubes, sometimes forming antler- or club-shapes. Large solitary specimens of A. tubulata may be barrel-shaped and have deep recesses in the walls; they may resemble Agelas cerebrum, but that species has more regularly arranged recesses with orifices in between. The consistency of this sponge is elastic and compressible and zoanthids are sometimes found growing on the walls. The type specimen was yellowish-orange, high with a diameter of . Larger specimens may be in diameter with tubes across and long.
Distribution and habitat
This species is known from the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, the east coast of Florida, the Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, Panama, Belize and northeastern Brazil.
It was discovered in 1993 during exploration of steep fore-reef slopes in the Caribbean Sea at depths between . It was first described in 1996 by the German zoologist Helmut Lehnert and the Dutch zoologist Rob van Soest.
Biology
Like other demosponges, this sponge feeds by drawing in water through fine pores on its surface, filtering out the tiny organic particles and bacteria and expelling the excess water through the osculi.
This sponge is a hermaphrodite. The larvae are planktonic and known as parenchymella larvae. These are free-living, and when fully developed settle on the seabed and undergo metamorphosis into the adult form.
References
Agelasida
Animals described in 1996
Taxa named by Rob van Soest
Gopal Prasad Rimal (; 1975–2030) was a Nepalese poet from Kathmandu, Nepal. According to scholar Michael J. Hutt, "he is remembered as the first "revolutionary" Nepali poet and the first to reject the use of meter".
Biography and career
His parents were Umakanta Rimal and Aditya Kumari Rimal. His first poem, entitled "Kavi ko Gayan" was published in a monthly magazine called Sharada.
During Rimal's adolescence, he came under the influence of revolutionaries who were aspiring to overthrow the Rana dynasty. Rimal began his career as a successful poet in 1930 and as a playwright in 1940. In 1941, after the execution of a group of political agitators, including Dashrath Chand, Rimal gathered a group of young poets to protest together by singing hymns, at Pashupatinath Temple in the mornings, and at the shrine of Shobhā Bhagavatī in the evenings.
Rimal founded a creative organization called "Praja Panchayat" to oppose the Rana rulers and was imprisoned on several occasions for his involvement in the movement. He played a pivotal role in making the 1950–52 Democratic Movement successful, but became disillusioned, and "felt betrayed by the factional strife."
His dreams of a democratic Nepal shattered, Rimal subsequently lost his mental balance and was sent to an asylum in Ranchi. Later, he was brought back to Nepal to spend the rest of his life roaming insane in the streets of Kathmandu. Rimal died in 1973.
"Jangi Nishan Hamro"
Jangi Nishan Hamro or Rato Ra Chandra Surya is one of the most famous poem of Rimal.
Awards
Rimal received the Madan Puraskar in 1962. for his collection of poems 'Aama ko sapana'. He also awarded with the Tribhuwan Pragya Puraskar in 1973 A.D.
Works
Gopal Prasad Rimal's "Ama ko sapana" literally 'Mother's Dream' is a popular poem in Nepal.
Influence
Poet Banira Giri was "first woman to be awarded a Ph.D. by Tribhuvan University for her thesis on the poetry of Gopal Prasad Rimal."
See also
List of Nepalese poets
References
External links
Collected Poems Of Gopal Prasad Rimal, in "Nepali Poems", compiled by Sanjaal Corps
Nepalese male poets
Nepalese dramatists and playwrights
Nepalese prisoners and detainees
Nepalese activists
Prisoners and detainees of Nepal
1917 births
1973 deaths
People from Kathmandu
Madan Puraskar winners
20th-century Nepalese poets
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century male writers
Daniel Hay du Chastelet (23 October 1596, Laval – 20 April 1671) was a Frenchclergyman and mathematician. His brother Paul Hay du Chastelet was also a writer.
Biography
Member of the ancient Breton noble family of the Hay des Nétumières. He was the parish priest of Andouillé, doctor in theology at the Paris Faculty and abbot of Notre-Dame de Chambon Abbey. He was also the Dean of the Saint-Tugal de Laval Collegial Church from 1621 to 1671 and prior of the Convent of the Augustins of Vitré. He was trusted by the Cardinal Richelieu and correspondent of Marin Mersenne. He was elected member of the Académie française in 1635.
Abbot of Chambon
He was nominated by the King to be the abbot of the abbey on February 23, 1623, a position left vacant for him by Georges de la Trémoille. Pope Urban VIII approved this nomination by the papal bull of the 17 of the calend of september 1623. He would occupy the title for thirty-seven years, and would reform the abbey and cancel accusations of simony made by some of his predecessors
Death
He dies on April 20, 1671 in the deanery of Saint-Tugal de Laval where he lived and is buried close to the main altar in the Laval Cathedral. The chapter of the Saint-Tugal de Laval Collegial Church was given 120 livres to cover the costs of the burial.
Works
He wrote a considerable amount on mathematics, but his nephew the marquis Paul Hay du Chastelet, knowing nothing about the subject, allegedly burnt the writings. His only writing that survives to this day is named Advis a la Reyne sur la conference de Ruel, and was written in 1649, this leaves to think that he was involved in the Fronde and was part of the conference of the Peace of Rueil in March 1648.
References
1596 births
1671 deaths
17th-century French mathematicians
Members of the Académie Française
is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher. He has played in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows, Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks and in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Mets, Toronto Blue Jays and New York Yankees.
Igarashi began his career with the Yakult Swallows of NPB in 1999. For Yakult, he was a five-time All-Star. After the 2009 season, Igarashi signed with the New York Mets of MLB as a free agent and pitched for them in 2010 and 2011. He briefly pitched for the Toronto Blue Jays and New York Yankees of MLB in 2012.
Career
Yakult Swallows/Tokyo Yakult Swallows
Igarashi was a second-round draft pick of the Yakult Swallows in . He threw a 6-inning perfect game in ni-gun on September 26, 1998; the contest was cut short due to rain. Igarashi had a 6-4 win–loss record with a save and a 4.91 earned run average (ERA) in 36 games as a rookie in 1999. He had won 11 games before the All-Star break his next season, 2000. He finished the year 11–4 with a save and a 3.11 ERA. He allowed only 42 hits in 75 1/3 innings pitched (IP) for a .160 batting average against. He struck out 90 batters, but also walked 33. He was named to the Central League (CL) All-Star team for the first time.
Igarashi suffered a couple of injuries in 2001, going 2–3 with a 2.59 ERA. He allowed a .172 average and struck out 51 in 41 2/3 IP while walking 28. He pitched one game in the 2001 Japan Series, giving up three runs in one inning in Game Two, a loss to the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes; Yakult won the Series, taking the other four contests.
The right-hander made 64 appearances in 2002 and was 8–2 with 4 saves and a 2.08 ERA. He held opponents to 49 hits in 78 innings and fanned 97. The lone negative was eight wild pitches, leading the CL. He was again a CL All-Star while being used as a setup man for Shingo Takatsu.
The Hokkaido native was 5–5 with a 3.89 ERA in 2003, whiffing 83 in 74 innings and being named an All-Star again. He pitched in 66 games, leading the CL. When Takatsu left for the Chicago White Sox, the 24-year-old was handed the Swallows' closer job. Igarashi went 5–3 with 37 saves and a 2.66 ERA in 2004. He held opponents to a .210 average and struck out 86 in 74 1/3 IP. He led the CL in both saves and appearances (66). He made the All-Star team for the fourth time. He won the Fireman of the Year Award, which Takatsu had taken three times. Along with Hirotoshi Ishii, he was known as one of the "Rocket Boys", noted for their fastballs in the mid-90s. On June 3, he threw a 158 km/h (98 mph) fastball, tying the Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) record for fastest pitch ever (held by Hideki Irabu and Kazuo Yamaguchi); Igarashi would hit that figure several more times in his career. The record didn't even last a year as Marc Kroon broke it in May 2005. He still holds the record for the fastest pitch in an All-Star game, at 157 km/h.
Igarashi was injured early in 2005 and lost his closer job to Ishii. Returning to a setup role, he was 3–2 with 4 saves and a 3.49 ERA. He struck out 60 in 56 2/3 IP but walked 27 and allowed a .248 average. He made his fifth All-Star team. On April 6, he teamed with Shugo Fujii and Ishii to strike out 19 batters, a NPB record.
Igarashi only made 29 appearances in 2006 and struggled, with a 1–2 record, 6.12 ERA and one save. Opponents hit .324 against him. He had Tommy John surgery after the season and missed all of 2007.
Igarashi returned to full form in 2008, throwing between 92 and 95 mph often. He had a 3–2 record with three saves and a 2.47 ERA In 44 games, with a career-best 0.94 WHIP. His strikeout rate was a bit off his peak, with 42 in 43 2/3 IP. The closer role had now gone to South Korean Chang-yong Lim.
The veteran hurler was 3–2 with 3 saves and a 3.19 ERA in 2009. He set a Yakult franchise record by not allowing a run in 21 consecutive games. Opponents hit .216 against him but he again failed to top a strikeout per inning, his old standard, as he fanned 44 in 53 2/3 IP. He tied for 10th in the CL in appearances.
In 2008, Igarashi declined to file for domestic free agency, with the intention of becoming an international free agent in the 2009 off-season.
New York Mets
On December 16, 2009, Igarashi agreed to a two-year contract worth $3 million with the New York Mets. He was expected to become the setup pitcher for closer Francisco Rodríguez. He joined the Mets with Yomiuri Giants pitcher Hisanori Takahashi.
Igarashi debuted for the 2010 New York Mets on April 8, relieving Jonathon Niese in the 7th inning against the Florida Marlins. He began by walking Cameron Maybin but got Hanley Ramírez to ground into a double play and then got Jorge Cantú on a pop fly. Fellow Japanese rookie Takahashi replaced him in the 8th inning.
Igarashi allowed only one run in his first seven MLB appearances, but he was placed on the disabled list on April 21, 2010 after suffering a hamstring injury. He was replaced on the roster by Manny Acosta. Igarashi returned replacing Acosta on the active roster.
Igarashi was designated for assignment after the 2010 season. However, he would return to the Mets for the 2011 season. He was released on October 20, after he and the Mets failed to agree to a new contract, as a clause in his contract kept him under team control even after it expired, unless the Mets granted him his release.
After the season, Igarashi pitched in the Dominican Winter League with the Leones del Escogido.
Pittsburgh Pirates
He was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates to a minor league contract with an invitation to 2012 spring training on December 14, 2011. After being cut from Major League spring training on March 29, 2012, Igarashi said through Erwin Valencia, the Pirates Physical Therapist and Rehab Coordinator, "[I] was shocked about the news", and "[I] did everything [I] could have done up to this point."
Toronto Blue Jays
On March 30, 2012, the Toronto Blue Jays acquired Igarashi from the Pittsburgh Pirates for a player to be named later or cash. He was assigned to the Las Vegas 51s of the PCL. The Blue Jays promoted Igarashi to MLB on May 25. He was designated for assignment 2 days later. Igarashi was 0–0 with a 36.00 ERA in 2 games.
New York Yankees
Igarashi was claimed by the New York Yankees from the Toronto Blue Jays on May 29, 2012. The Yankees promoted Igarashi on June 6, when they placed Freddy García on the bereavement list. He was then optioned back down to Triple-A on June 10 after Garcia was reactivated. Igarashi was recalled on August 12 when CC Sabathia was placed on the disabled list. Igarashi was optioned back to Triple-A on August 13 when Derek Lowe was signed. On August 16, he was outrighted to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees.
In October 2012, Igarashi elected minor league free agency.
Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks
On November 17, 2012, Igarashi signed a 3-year, ~$18 million deal with the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks.
Second stint with the Swallows
In 2019, he re-joined the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
On October 15, 2020, Igarashi held press conference and announced his retirement after the season.
Playing style
Igarashi throws a fastball that is routinely in the mid-90s (mph), a forkball, and a split-finger fastball.
Personal
Igarashi has a wife, Orie, a daughter, Kotone, and a son, Haruki. Much of his family lives south of the location of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Japan
References
External links
Player Profile: Ryota Igarashi
JapaneseBallPlayers.com: Ryota Igarashi
1979 births
Living people
Baseball people from Chiba Prefecture
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks players
Japanese expatriate baseball players in Canada
Japanese expatriate baseball players in the United States
Las Vegas 51s players
Leones del Escogido players
Japanese expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Major League Baseball players from Japan
New York Mets players
New York Yankees players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees players
St. Lucie Mets players
Tokyo Yakult Swallows players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Yakult Swallows players
"Ooh! My Soul", sometimes spelled "Oh My Soul", is a 1958 song by Little Richard. It first appeared on a May 1958 single, then on his eponymous second album. It was subsequently recorded by the Beatles in 1963 for the BBC, and by Big Brother and the Holding Company in 1966.
The Beatles version
The Beatles recorded the song for a performance at the Playhouse Theatre in Manchester with McCartney on lead vocals. Their recording is shorter than Richard's version. The recording was unavailable until it was released officially on Live at the BBC.
Personnel
Paul McCartney – vocals, bass
John Lennon – rhythm guitar
George Harrison – lead guitar
Ringo Starr – drums
Personnel per The Beatles Bible
References
1957 songs
Little Richard songs
The Beatles songs
Songs written by Little Richard
Mycoforestry is an ecological forest management system implemented to enhance forest ecosystems and plant communities through the introduction of mycorrhizal and saprotrophic fungi. Mycoforestry is considered a type of permaculture and can be implemented as a beneficial component of an agroforestry system. Mycoforestry can enhance the yields of tree crops and produce edible mushrooms, an economically valuable product. By integrating plant-fungal associations into a forestry management system, native forests can be preserved, wood waste can be recycled back into the ecosystem, planted restoration sites are enhanced, and the sustainability of forest ecosystems are improved. Mycoforestry is an alternative to the practice of clearcutting, which removes dead wood from forests, thereby diminishing nutrient availability and reducing soil depth.
Selection of fungal species
According to Paul Stamets, the first principle for the creation of a mycoforestry system is to utilize native fungal species. Implementing a mycoforestry system provides the potential of improving restoration efforts and the possibility of economic gain through mushroom cropping and harvesting. However to utilize native fungal flora, first the relationships between present fungal species and growth substrate, and habitat need to be studied.
A simple way to introduce a mycoforestry system and enhance out-plantings for crops and forest restoration sites is to "use mycorrhizal spore inoculum when replanting forest lands" For this process it is best to match native trees with native mycorrhizal fungi. This method keeps and will promote the functioning of the native ecosystem, and native biodiversity.
It is assumed in a functioning forest ecosystem an underground mycelial network persists even if no fruiting bodies are visible. A period of disappearance of mushrooms from an area should not cause alarm. In order to trigger the formation of fruiting bodies, many fungal species require specific environmental conditions. Most species of fungi do not fruit year round.
Mycoforestry is an emergent scientific field and practice. Until broadly standardized protocols are created and perfected, the collection of both current and historical ecological site conditions will improve the success of the project. Therefore, a survey of fungal relations at the site under both prime and poor conditions is beneficial to implementation of a mycoforestry system.
Saprotrophic fungi
The second principle is to promote saprotrophic fungi in the environment. Saprophytic fungi are crucial to mycoforestry systems because these are the primary composers breaking down wood and returning nutrients to the soil for use by the rest of the forest ecosystem. This can be accomplished through inoculation of wood debris at site. Spored oils can be used in chainsaws when problematic or invasive hardwood requires felling. This method is a simple means to inoculate a tree. Additionally plug spawn can be implemented and injected into wood mass again prompting colonization by the selected fungus. Eventually repeated colonization efforts should not be necessary as many fungal life forms are strong and will spread and sustain in the soil on their own.
In management of the mycoforestry system it is important that dead wood be in contact with the ground. This allows fungus to reach up from the soil and decompose fallen wood releasing nutrients at a much quicker rate then if the wood is left standing. Additionally it is important to leave dead wood on site for decomposition back into the soil. This philosophy is similarly based to the fact that clear-cutting of a forest reduces soil nutrients and thickness.
Beneficial fungal interactions
The third principal is to implement species known to benefit plant species. These are commonly mycorrhizal fungus that form long term associations with plants, often extending inside of plants roots acting as an additional root system providing for better absorption of nutrients and water.
Utilizing mushroom species that attract insects could be a useful source of fish food. This practice makes the mycoforestry a larger system. Unlike most agriculture systems it helps the environment in a number of ways. It ties all biological aspects of the environment together, creating sustainable living and food production as well as sustainable fisheries similar to the ancient Hawaiian Ahupua'a, which utilized sustainable all portions of the land for environmental and food security.
Additionally fungal species can be implemented that compete with disease causing agents like Armillaria root rots to provide long term protection of the forestry system.
Additionally, the implementation of an agroforestry system performs mycoremediation and mycofiltration activities cleaning up toxins and restoring the environment.
See also
References
External links
Spinosa, Ron. Fungi and Sustainability. Fungi magazine. Spring 2008.
Stamets, Paul. Mycotechnology. Fungi Perfecti.
Forestry
Mycology
Agroforestry
Sustainable forest management
Habitat management equipment and methods
Habitat
Permaculture
Jeannette Durno (July 12, 1876 – September 5, 1963) was a Canadian-born American pianist.
Early life
Jeannette St. John was born in Walkerton, Ontario, the daughter of William Brethour St. John and Margaret Legge St. John. She was adopted by an aunt and uncle as a little girl, and raised in Rockford, Illinois with the surname Durno. She attended Rockford College. She studied piano in Vienna, with Theodor Leschetizky; she also trained as a vocalist.
Career
Jeannette Durno was a frequent guest soloist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. She toured in the United States and Canada, mostly in the midwest, but also appearing in New York and Boston. She played in Los Angeles at the Biennial Festival of the National Federation of Music Clubs in 1915. She made some piano rolls of her performances of works by Liszt, Debussy, Grieg, and Chopin. She was known especially for her interpretations of Chopin. "Among the younger pianists of the middle western states few more notables are to be found that Miss Jeannette Durno of Chicago," explained one publication in 1899.
She also taught piano in Chicago. Among her students were Canadian pianists Evelyn Eby, Neil Chotem, and Lyell Gustin. She also taught music pedagogy to piano teachers. Frank La Forge dedicated a 1911 composition titled "Romance" to Durno. She was active in the Musicians Club of Women.
"To me, a pianist lacking spontaneity is uninteresting," Durno told an interviewer in 1920. "Therefore it is one of my especial aims, both in my own playing and in my teaching, to preserve freshness and avoid the obviously studied effort, which is unfortunately noticeable in so much piano playing."
Personal life
Jeannette Durno married her manager, Dunstan Collins, in 1901. They divorced in 1910. She was a champion amateur golfer in Chicago. She died in 1963, aged 87 years, in Los Angeles, California. Her grave is with that of her pianist sister, Blanche St. John Baker, in Glendale, California.
References
External links
A recording of Jeannette Durno playing Mendelssohn's "Scherzo" in 1915 (on Soundcloud; originally on piano roll).
1876 births
1963 deaths
People from Bruce County
Musicians from Rockford, Illinois
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Rockford University alumni
American women classical pianists
American classical pianists
20th-century American women pianists
20th-century American pianists
Classical musicians from Illinois
Musicians from Ontario
Golfers from Illinois
The India cricket team toured New Zealand in January and February 2019 to play five One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. The ODI fixtures were part of both teams' preparation for the 2019 Cricket World Cup, with India winning the series 4–1. The T20I matches took place on the same day as the corresponding women's fixtures at the same venues. New Zealand won the T20I series 2–1, and ended India's run of ten T20I series without defeat. It was the first time that India had lost a T20I bilateral series of three or more matches.
Squads
Jasprit Bumrah was rested from the tour and replaced by Mohammed Siraj in India's squad for both the ODI and T20I fixtures. Siddarth Kaul was added to India's squad for the T20I series.
On 11 January 2019, Hardik Pandya and KL Rahul were suspended by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) following controversial comments they made on the Indian talk show Koffee with Karan earlier in the month. They were ruled out of the ODI series against Australia, and all of the fixtures on this tour. Vijay Shankar and Shubman Gill were called up as their replacements. Virat Kohli was rested for the last two ODIs and the T20I series, with Rohit Sharma named as captain of the India team in his place. On 24 January, after lifting the suspension on Pandya and Rahul, the BCCI announced that Pandya would re-join the squad for the matches in New Zealand.
James Neesham and Todd Astle were added to New Zealand's squad for the last two ODIs, replacing Doug Bracewell and Ish Sodhi respectively. Martin Guptill was ruled out of New Zealand's T20I squad due to injury and was replaced by James Neesham.
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
Notes
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2019 in New Zealand cricket
2019 in Indian cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
Indian cricket tours of New Zealand
A piano accordion is an accordion equipped with a right-hand keyboard similar to a piano or organ. Its acoustic mechanism is more that of an organ than a piano, as they are both aerophones, but the term "piano accordion"—coined by Guido Deiro in 1910—has remained the popular name. It may be equipped with any of the available systems for the left-hand manual.
In comparison with a piano keyboard, the keys are more rounded, smaller, and lighter to the touch. These go vertically down the side, pointing inward, toward the bellows, making them accessible to only one hand while handling the accordion.
The bass piano accordion is a variation of a piano accordion without bass buttons, with the piano keyboard sounding an octave lower than the usual low-pitched "bassoon" stop. They typically have around 3 octaves. Arrangements for accordion band may include parts for bass accordion.
History
The first accordion to feature a piano keyboard was probably the instrument introduced in 1852 by Bouton of Paris. Another source claimed the first piano accordion was introduced in 1854 at the General German Industrial Exhibition in Munich. It was showcased by the instrument builder Mattäus Bauer and quickly became a serious competitor to button accordions.
The first chromatic piano-like accordions in Russia were built in 1871 by Nikolay Ivanovich Beloborodov.
In the United States, the piano accordion dramatically increased in popularity between 1900 and 1930 because of its familiarity to students and teachers, and its uniformity, whereby accordion dealers and instructors did not have to support different styles of accordions for many European immigrant groups. The piano keyboard layout was also promoted by the fame of Vaudeville performers Guido Deiro and his brother Pietro who premiered the instrument on stage, recordings and radio. After the Deiros' success, popular chromatic button accordionist Pietro Frosini chose to disguise his accordion's buttons to look like a piano keyboard so as not to appear "old-fashioned." (See Accordion music genres)
The piano accordion is the official city instrument of San Francisco
As of 1972 it could be largely said that the piano system dominated the English-speaking North American continent, Scotland, and certain East European countries, while differing button systems are generally to be found in Scandinavia, France, Belgium and former Soviet countries. The piano accordion is also predominant in Italy, New Zealand, Australia and South Africa.
See also
Accordion reed ranks and switches
Button accordion
Bandoneon
Squeezebox
List of All-Ireland piano accordion champions
Notes
References
External links
Piano Accordion - Videos And Links
Musical keyboard layouts
Accordion
Piano
Groosham Grange is a 1988 fantasy novel by English author Anthony Horowitz and the first novel in the Groosham Grange series. It follows the adventures of twelve-year-old David Eliot, who gets sent to a mysterious school called Groosham Grange and where he eventually learns he is the seventh son of a seventh son. Aimed at a similar audience of that of Horowitz's The Diamond Brothers series, it was partially based on the years Horowitz himself spent at his boarding school and his own unhappy childhood. This book went on to win the 1989 Lancashire Children's Book of the Year Award. and later the French Prix Européen du Roman Pour Enfants ("European Award for Children's Fiction") in 1993.
In 1999, a sequel entitled The Unholy Grail (later reissued as Return to Groosham Grange), was released. Horowitz had always intended for Groosham Grange to be the basis for a series, but he revealed to a fan on Twitter in 2021 that while he did indeed have plans to continue the series with a third book, he was dissuaded after the success of the Harry Potter series.
Plot
David Eliot is a 12 year old boy who's arrived home for the Christmas holidays. He's just been expelled from Beton College (a parody of Eton College) and nervously tells his parents the bad news. Upon hearing the news, his father reacts rather badly, forcing David to take refuge in his room to avoid the commotion. The next morning, a letter is delivered to the Eliot household that offers David a place at a mysterious new school that's bizarrely described having an emphasis on discipline in nearly the exact same way that David's father was just telling his wife.
After David's father makes all the necessary arrangements. David is then sent to this new boarding school called Groosham Grange immediately via a train that very same day, despite the fact that it is during the period when schools are closed for the Christmas holidays. On the train, he befriends a boy called Jeffrey and a girl named Jill Green, who are both in the same odd situation as him. Jeffrey was expelled for being caught smoking behind the cricket locker rooms (the misunderstanding being that he was set on fire, not that he was smoking cigarettes). The letter Jeffrey's parents received describes Groosham Grange as the perfect college for their son, but this time around it is explains that the school is akin to a military training camp. Meanwhile, Jill had just run away from her old boarding school, and her parents also received a letter praising the school's merits and describing it as a chic college for young girls.
As the three children are talking about their new boarding school, a vicar enters their compartment. After playing a number of religious songs (much to the three's displeasure), has a heart attack when the three children tell him they are going to attend Groosham Grange, much to their astonishment. On the station platform, they meet Gregor, a hunchback with one eye who is the school's porter. He drives them to a pier where they take a boat to the island. The ship's captain, Captain Bloodbath, ferries them to Skrull Island (a parody of Skull Island), which is where Groosham Grange is located.
On the island, David is received by Mr. Kilgraw and is told that he must write his name in a book where other names have already been written. Strangely, Mr. Kilgraw makes David injure his thumb while giving him a quill to write with, and David is forced to sign his name into the book with his own blood.
As the days go by, David starts noticing some very weird things about the school. The students are all too well behaved and the staff is made up of some rather odd teachers. Eventually, David and Jill begin to suspect that the students at the school aren't even using their names, and that their teachers are a monster of some kind, be it a werewolf, a vampire, a mummy and a ghost. Every night, the students also get out of their beds and suddenly disappear from the school without a trace.
Elements
Groosham Grange
Groosham Grange is a school of evil magic. It is based on a remote island called Skrull Island off the Norfolk coast and even has secret underground passages. It acts as a GCSE school to fool the authorities and even the parents who put their children in Grange are not informed about the involvement of magic. The school consists of teachers who are all mythical creatures. Mr. Kilgraw is the Deputy Headmaster and is a vampire. Mrs. Windergast teaching the subject of "General Witchcraft" is an elderly witch. The school only enrolls the seventh son of a seventh son, or the seventh daughter of a seventh daughter, because they can perform magic. After the son or daughter is found to have been competent enough to continue, they are given a black ring, signifying they can control magic. In fact, all the pupils are forced to sign the admission register with their blood.
Similarities to Harry Potter series
A lot of critics (and Horowitz himself) have since noted certain similarities between the Groosham Grange novel and the newer Harry Potter series written by J. K. Rowling. These similarities include having both central characters being mistreated by their parental figures who receive an unexpected letter from an isolated gothic boarding school which reveals itself as a school for wizards and witches; having a teacher who is a ghost and a werewolf character named after the French word for "wolf" (Lupin/Leloup); and passage to the school via railway train. Despite this, Horowitz merely thanked Rowling for her contribution to the development of the young adult fiction in the UK.
References
Fantasy novels
1988 fantasy novels
The Thing Below is a 2004 horror film directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Billy Warlock. It also has the alternate titles It Waits Below and Sea Ghost in Canada, and Ghost Rig 2: The Legend of the Sea Ghost in the UK on DVD.
Premise
A top secret drilling platform in the Gulf of Mexico raises a dormant alien creature from the depths. Once loose, the creature goes on a murderous rampage by telepathically exploiting the fears and desires of anyone to cross its path.
Cast
Billy Warlock as Captain Jack Griffin
Michael Rogers as Mr. Paul
Warren Christie as Cassidy
Catherine Lough Haggquist as Anna Davis
Kurt Max Runte as Crank Wowchowski
Peter Graham-Gaudreau as Dean Rieser
Production
The film used locations in Vancouver and British Columbia.
References
External links
2004 films
2004 horror films
2000s horror thriller films
Canadian horror thriller films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Jim Wynorski
2000s monster movies
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
R553 road may refer to:
R553 road (Ireland)
R553 (South Africa)
Valletta United Water Polo Club is a Water Polo club from Valletta, Malta, and was founded in 1903. The club competes in the Maltese Waterpolo Premier League.
For sponsorship reasons, the club was known as Valletta Videoslots between 2018 and 2020.
The club is currently known as Valletta IZIBET, for sponsorship reasons.
The Club has won 11 Water Polo Premier Divisions (1926, 1950, 1951, 1955, 1956, 1970, 1971, 1973, 1980, 1985, 1990) and 7 Premier KOs, in addition to 2 First Division (2013, 2020) and 2 First Division KOs (2013, 2020).
Premises
The club's premises, on Valletta's Marsamxett side, were left in ruins for a long period of time, with letters appearing in newspapers from 2010. Things seemed to have remained the same till 8 years later, when Nationalist Party Member of Parliament Claudio Grech created awareness about the state of the club's premises. Around a month later, the club was given title of the land from the Government of Malta and announced a €2.5 million investment to revamp the club's premises and facilities.
Current squad
As at August, 2021:
Benjamin Busuttil
Andrew Bugeja
Andrea Agius
Nicholas Farrugia
Sebastian Busuttil
Daniel Paolella
Michele Mifsud
Miguel Zammit
Kyle Cremona
Peter Borg
Matthew Pace
Keith Galea
Head coach: Joseph Cremona
References
External links
Waterpolo: Valletta United Water Polo Club prepare for upcoming Winter League
Water polo clubs in Malta
Marcel Ruijters (born 1966) is a Dutch cartoonist. He is the winner of the 2015 Stripschapprijs.
References
Dutch cartoonists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
Living people
1966 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Samia Fikri (; born 2 August 1999) is a French-born Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Division 2 Féminine club Montauban FCTG and the Morocco women's national team.
Club career
Fikri is a product of En Avant Guingamp. She has played for US Saint-Malo, ESOF Vendée La Roche-sur-Yon and Montauban in France.
International career
Fikri made her senior debut for Morocco on 30 November 2021 as a starter in a 2–0 friendly home win over Senegal.
See also
List of Morocco women's international footballers
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Citizens of Morocco through descent
Moroccan women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Morocco women's international footballers
Footballers from Rennes
French women's footballers
En Avant Guingamp (women) players
US Saint-Malo players
Montauban FCTG players
Division 2 Féminine players
French sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Salamanca F.C. is a Mexican football club based in Salamanca, Guanajuato, México which is playing in the Tercera División de México.
History
The club was founded in the 1950s and soon after, in 1958, the club joined the Segunda División de México and played under the name of Mapaches. The club played in the second division until 1961 when the club folded due to economic problems. In 1964 the club rejoined the second division; this time the club was owned by a local oil company which brought in big name players but never achieved a promotion to the first division. From 1964 the club would go on to play good to mediocre tournaments which finally came to an end once again in 1986 when the club folded and would not come this time for several years all time times playing under the name of Petroleros de Salamanca.
Awaited Return
In 2001 the same oil company that had owned the club in the 1980s started up several professional clubs, the first a basketball club in 2001 which played under the name of Petroleros de Salamanca. In 2004 the football club finally made its return, quickly joining the Primera A. In 2006 the club reached its first final in the Primera A only to lose it to Puebla FC in a Penalty shoot out. The club would go on to play six more tournaments before the club was sold and relocated in La Piedad, Michoacán, where it became C.F. La Piedad.
Failed Return to Liga Premier
After spending several years in the Third Division of Mexico without winning promotion, on July 3, 2019 the team managed to return to the Liga Premier de México (Second Division) with Serie B being their new category, this after reaching an agreement with the Real Potosino's management so that the team will move from San Luis Potosí City to Salamanca, adopt the name of the town and thus return second division football to the city of Salamanca. Finally on July 18, 2019 the Mexican Football Federation did not grant the guarantee for this change and Salamanca remained at Liga TDP.
In 2020 due to financial problems, the club's board of directors rented its franchise to the Barajas Soccer Promoter, based in Tamazula de Gordiano, Jalisco.
In 2022 the team returned to participate in the professional leagues, being renamed C.F. Salamanca and based on the franchise Jaral del Progreso F.C.
Badge
In the early 1950s clubs usually used their city's crest as their own, so Salamanca used the city crest from 1958-1961. In the early 1970s the club used a crest which had an oil rig along with a soccer ball. In 2004 the club returned with a brand-new crest but kept the oil rig and the soccer ball along with the club's colors.
First kit evolution
Season to season
Has Played 26 2nd Division Tournaments last in April 2010.
Has Played 9 Primera A Tournaments last in 2009.
Has Played 7 3rd División seasons since August 2013.
Players
Current squad
Honours
Professional
Primera División A: (0)
Runner-up (1): Apertura 2006
Segunda División: (1)
Champion : 1951-1952
Segunda División "B": (2)
Champion : 1984-1985, 1993-1994
Notable former players
Armado Segura
Sebastiã do Nascimento
Felipe Flores
Ramiro Omar Jorge
David Jimenez
Fausto Ruíz
Martín Navarro
See also
Estadio Sección XXIV
References
External links
Official Club site
Football clubs in Guanajuato
Association football clubs established in 1958
1958 establishments in Mexico
On 30 June 2015, a Lockheed KC-130B Hercules belonging to the Indonesian Air Force with 12 crew and 110 passengers on board, crashed near a residential neighborhood shortly after taking off from Medan, Indonesia, en route to Tanjung Pinang. All 122 people aboard were killed, along with 17 people on the ground.
At the time of the crash, the aircraft was transporting military personnel and their families, and possibly some civilian passengers.
Shortly after the crash, the Chief of Staff of the Indonesian Air Force grounded their entire C-130 fleet for inspection at Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport, from which the aircraft involved originated.
Accident
The plane took off at 12:08 p.m. (0508 GMT) from Soewondo Air Force Base, after refuelling and taking on passengers. It crashed near Djamin Ginting Road in Medan about two minutes later. The crash site was approximately from the base. According to Indonesian Chief of Staff of the Air Force Marshal Agus Supriana, before crashing, the pilot had requested permission to return to base.
According to eyewitnesses and Indonesian media, after the pilot indicated the aircraft would return to base, it drastically rolled to the right. An eyewitness reported that after the aircraft rolled, it then clipped a radio tower belonging to Joy FM, dove and then exploded. After it dove, multiple explosions were heard from as far as away. The aircraft became inverted, and the nose clipped the Golden Eleven Hotel. It then struck three other buildings, one of which was a crowded massage parlor, at a nearly perpendicular angle. It finally exploded in what onlookers described as "a hell-like scene", with bodies ejected onto the street.
It was the deadliest C-130 Hercules crash in Indonesian history, surpassing the 1991 Hercules crash in East Jakarta, the third-deadliest air disaster in the province of North Sumatra, after Garuda Indonesia Flight 152 and Mandala Airlines Flight 091, and the second air disaster in Indonesia within six months, after Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501 in December 2014. The crash site was located only away from the crash site of Mandala Airlines Flight 091, which also crashed minutes after takeoff.
Passengers and crew
The aircraft was transporting military personnel and their families for duty rotations. The passengers included those who boarded the aircraft from Malang, Jakarta and Pekanbaru; the aircraft was scheduled to continue to Tanjung Pinang, Natuna, and Pontianak before returning to Malang. Such flights are common in Indonesia, and it is common for families to be transported together in military aircraft.
There were 110 passengers and 12 crew members on board. At least 7 people on the ground were reported missing and feared dead.
Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, then a young army officer and acquaintance of the pilot, claimed that the captain of the aircraft, Sandy Permana, was very experienced and "one of the best pilots in the Indonesian Air Force".
Identification of the victims started on 1 July 2015. The National Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS) stated that around 100 bodies were found in the crash site, along with 60 body parts. The bodies were transported to Adam Malik Hospital in Medan for identification. By 4 July, at least 119 bodies had been identified and returned to their families.
Crash site
The crash took place in a crowded residential neighborhood in Medan, Indonesia's third-largest city. The aircraft took off from Soewondo Air Force Base, formerly Polonia airport. Polonia had been the city's main commercial airport until it was replaced by Kualanamu International Airport in 2013, partly due to concerns arising from its proximity to urban areas (2 km from the city center). Soewondo now serves as the headquarters of the Air Force's Western Surveillance Wing.
Moments after the crash, onlookers began searching through the wreckage for survivors. Thousands of local residents attempted to approach the site. Crowds attempted to bring hoses to the site while soldiers also aided in the search. At least four people survived the initial impact and were later admitted to the nearest hospital for serious burn injuries. These were later confirmed as "survivors on the ground", not passengers or crew. All 122 people on board died in the accident.
Investigation
Because the aircraft was not fitted with a flight recorder, the Indonesian National Transportation Safety Committee primarily relied on the wreckage pattern and the pilot's flight history for the investigation. On 1 July 2015, all of the ammunition and two engines from the aircraft were successfully removed from the crash site.
The Indonesian National Armed Forces (TNI) said that they would pay the insurance claims, which totaled Rp 2.25 trillion (roughly US$170 million). The investigation was expected to be completed in two weeks. The preliminary report was not made public.
The aircraft was one of ten C-130Bs given to Indonesia by the United States in exchange for an imprisoned CIA pilot, captured during the 1957–1961 Sulawesi rebellion. The aircraft suffered from a shortage of spare parts after the US enacted an embargo (9 September 1999 – 22 November 2005) on Indonesia over their part in the 1999 East Timorese crisis. In view of the aircraft's age, the crash sparked public outcry over the state of the Indonesian Air Force Hercules fleet. However, Indonesian officials denied that the aircraft's age was a factor in the crash, and insisted it was in "good condition".
On 3 July 2015, it was reported that the number four engine propeller had malfunctioned before the aircraft hit the tower, indicating a mechanical failure. All four of the aircraft's engines were recovered from the crash site as part of the investigation.
Roughly 90% of witnesses reported that the aircraft struck a cellphone tower before it crashed. The tower itself was found to be illegal, according to an Indonesian official. As a result, the Indonesian People's Representative Council advised that "illegal towers" anywhere in Indonesia had to be removed, as they were "ugly" to the scenery and "dangerous" for safety. President Joko Widodo and Vice President Jusuf Kalla agreed to the need to retire old aircraft in the Indonesian Air Force's fleet, to prevent a similar tragedy.
See also
List of accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed C-130 Hercules
List of aircraft accidents and incidents resulting in at least 50 fatalities
References
External links
TNI AU Kerahkan Tiga Pesawat Evakuasi Korban Jatuhnya Hercules Tentara Nasional Indonesia-Angkatan Udara
2015 disasters in Indonesia
Accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed C-130 Hercules
Aviation accidents and incidents in 2015
Aviation accidents and incidents in Indonesia
Indonesian Air Force
Medan
June 2015 events in Indonesia
Rampur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 1,944, in 270 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Felicia Diana Barton (born March 6, 1982) is an American singer and songwriter, best known for her appearance on the eighth season of American Idol in 2009. Since 2013, she has joined Warner-Chappell Music and Pulse Recording as a songwriter, and has co-written songs for Demi Lovato, Seohyun and Lea Michele.
Career
American Idol
Barton auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in Louisville, Kentucky. In the final round of Hollywood, Barton was eliminated by the judges. The day after the episode containing her elimination, it was announced that semi-finalist Joanna Pacitti had been disqualified, and that Barton would replace her in the Top 36. Barton performed in the third semi-finalist group, and received positive response for her performance from both the judges and commentators on the Internet. The next night, it was announced that she did not advance to the finals.
Performances/Results
Post-Idol Career
Lost Words (2011)
Barton released her debut EP, Lost Words, on September 1, 2011. It features seven pop, rock, and soul based songs.
Other ventures
In early 2013, Barton signed a "joint-venture publishing deal with Warner-Chappell & Pulse". She has co-written songs for Demi Lovato, Lea Michele, and American Idol finalist Jena Irene. Barton has worked as a background singer on Dancing with the Stars. In July 2015, it was announced that she would perform at the Miss USA 2015 pageant.
Barton also is the lead singer for the theme song of the 2017 reboot of the Disney animated series DuckTales.
Personal life
Barton's son Malachi (born March 10, 2007) portrayed Beast Diaz on Disney Channel's Stuck in the Middle and Colby on The Villains of Valley View.
Select songwriting discography
Discography
Albums
Lost Words – EP (2011)
Other songsI'm Your Girl (2015) for the Descendants soundtrack.
"In the House" (2019), performed with Scott Krippayne for 101 Dalmatian Street'' album
References
External links
Pulse Recordings website
1982 births
American women singer-songwriters
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Virginia
Musicians from Virginia Beach, Virginia
American Idol participants
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
Rick Famuyiwa (born June 18, 1973) is an American director, producer and screenwriter of productions including The Wood (1999), Brown Sugar (2002), Talk to Me (2007), Dope (2015), and Confirmation (2016).
Early life and education
Famuyiwa grew up near Los Angeles, California in Inglewood. The son of Nigerian immigrants, Famuyiwa is a second-generation American. Reflecting on his time in Inglewood, Famuyiwa recounts, "People come to L.A. and they expect to see a ghetto like the projects, but that's not the way it's set up. Inglewood, in particular, is the furthest thing from a ghetto. It's a middle-class community, but it's gotten a bad rap over the years...because of Grand Canyon and Pulp Fiction and other films."
After high school, Famuyiwa attended the University of Southern California (USC) and double-majored in cinematic arts film & television production and cinematic arts critical studies. During his time at the university, Famuyiwa worked intimately with film professor Todd Boyd, who would later help write and produce his first feature film. In 1996, prior to graduation, Famuyiwa created a 12-minute short film entitled Blacktop Lingo that garnered critical positive feedback and led to his invitation to the Sundance Filmmaker's Institute. In 1997, during his time at the Sundance Director's Lab, Famuyiwa put the finishing touches on The Wood, his first feature film.
In 1999, Famuyiwa married Glenita Mosley whom he met at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career
The Wood (1999)
Famuyiwa's first feature film, The Wood is a semi-autobiographical account of his upbringing in Inglewood. Working at
the Beverly Hills Niketown while formulating the script, Famuyiwa wanted his first film to be reminiscent of his family and his friends. Famuyiwa and his family had moved to Inglewood while he was in junior high and The Wood, which Famuyiwa wrote and directed, reflects select experiences he had with his close friends and family.
During his time at the Sundance Director's Lab, Famuyiwa perfected the film's script and identified close to half of the cast, Omar Epps and Taye Diggs included. In the film, the characters played by Epps and Richard T. Jones struggle to bring Diggs' character back to consciousness after he unexpectedly becomes intoxicated a couple hours before his own wedding. While attempting to sober him up and bring him back to reality, the three friends from junior high reminisce on their times as adolescents in "the Wood," an affectionate abbreviation for their hometown of Inglewood.
The film was produced by MTV Films and was released on July 16, 1999. Speaking of his partnership with MTV for The Wood, Famuyiwa states, "[MTV Films] had the best concept and could deal with it better because it was young, [it had] the music and they wanted to make a film with predominantly African-American characters." The Wood was produced for an estimated cost of $6 million and went on to gross over $25 million at the box office in the United States alone.
Brown Sugar (2002)
Famuyiwa once again employed a predominantly African American cast (some of the actors also played roles in The Wood) in Brown Sugar, lifelong friends Dre, played by Taye Diggs, and Sidney, played by Sanaa Lathan, cross paths and although each has their respective responsibilities and obligations to their significant others, they ultimately find that their affections for one another extend beyond platonic friendship. Hip-hop music plays an intricate part in the film as both Dre and Sidney are connected through their passion for the music genre and culture that emanates from it.
Brown Sugar was released on October 11, 2002. The film was marketed extensively by distributor Fox Searchlight Pictures and made $10 million in its opening weekend, ultimately grossing close to $28 million nationwide.
Talk to Me (2007)
Talk to Me was co-written by Famuyiwa with the film's inspiration's son, Michael Genet, and close friend Kasi Lemmons ultimately directed the film.
In the film, influential 1960s African American radio personality Ralph "Petey" Greene and his contributions to American popular culture and the Civil Rights Movement are chronicled. The film explores the construction of race and race relations during this volatile period of American history.
Talk to Me was released on August 3, 2007. The independent film grossed $400,000 in its opening weekend and nationwide, the film made close to $5 million.
Our Family Wedding (2010)
Our Family Wedding starring Forest Whitaker, America Ferrera, Carlos Mencia, and Lance Gross. Famuyiwa first became attached to the project two years prior, in 2008, when the presidential campaign was in full swing. With Barack Obama possibly becoming the first African American president, Famuyiwa was interested in making a film that would be reflective of the exciting, changing times. Recounting on the film, Famuyiwa expresses, "At the time the entire debate seemed to be around Hispanics voting for an African-American president. We've all seen these projections of how society is going to look in 50 years. We're all going to have to deal with each other culturally. It felt like a great opportunity to tell that story without being preachy."
The New York Times critiqued the film saying, "Like weddings, wedding movies have their traditions: the dress is white and, usually, so are the characters. Fox Searchlight's Our Family Wedding, which opens this Friday, subverts that custom…"
In Our Family Wedding, two college students, portrayed by Ferrera and Gross, decide to get married and must break the news to their family and loved ones. Commenting on his film, Famuyiwa states, "Wedding films are always about the differences between people but they haven't quite dealt with African Americans and Latinos."
The film made nearly $8 million in its opening weekend and overall, $20 million nationwide.
Dope (2015)
Dope (2015), both written and directed by Famuyiwa, is a coming-of-age film that premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival, winning the Best Editing award for the work of editor Lee Haugen. It stars Shameik Moore, Tony Revolori, Kiersey Clemons, Blake Anderson, Zoë Kravitz, and A$AP Rocky.
Confirmation (2016)
Famuyiwa directed Confirmation (2016), an HBO original movie. The film starred Kerry Washington as Anita Hill, and depicted the Clarence Thomas Supreme Court nomination, as Hill testified that Clarence Thomas had sexually harassed her.
The Flash
In June 2016, Famuyiwa was announced as the director for The Flash after Seth Grahame-Smith dropped from the project.
In October 2016, Famuyiwa left the project. He had been on board since June developing the project, even overseeing the castings of Kiersey Clemons and Billy Crudup in key roles. Famuyiwa gave a statement to The Hollywood Reporter on the matter:
When I was approached by Warner Bros and DC about the possibility of directing The Flash, I was excited about the opportunity to enter this amazing world of characters that I loved growing up, and still do to this day. I was also excited to work with Ezra Miller, who is a phenomenal young actor. I pitched a version of the film in line with my voice, humor, and heart. While it's disappointing that we couldn't come together creatively on the project, I remain grateful for the opportunity. I will continue to look for opportunities to tell stories that speak to a fresh generational, topical, and multicultural point of view. I wish Warner Brothers, DC, Jon Berg, Geoff Johns, and Ezra Miller all the best as they continue their journey into the speed force.
He was replaced by Andy Muschietti.
Film and race
In 2003, Famuyiwa served on a panel of directors for a discussion conducted by the Directors Guild of America African American Steering Committee. In the panel, other African American directors Kasi Lemmons and Gary Hardwick joined Famuyiwa as they discussed the challenges and opportunities faced by African American directors in the cinema industry. Reflecting on his own experiences of securing funding and support for his films, Famuyiwa believes that there are still many stereotypes and barriers to break down in the industry in order for African Americans to be accredited the respect they deserve.
A common belief and reality for African American filmmakers like Famuyiwa is that films with a majority black cast and direction often face obstacles in securing funding and support for such projects. Famuyiwa explains that there is a formula to be followed in order for anything to happen for a black director saying, "Make it under $10 million, put this much into marketing, make 25 to 35 million dollars and we'll walk away with a profitable film. And as long as you can deliver scripts that are under $10 million with no effects, that you can shoot in 30 days and get back 'X' amount, I think you can always have a steady stream of a certain kind of film."
While working on The Wood, Famuyiwa experienced difficulties in generating the kind of support he would need to make the film a box office hit. In sum, it was hard for Famuyiwa to have others take him seriously at times. Although the film did recuperate its costs, it did not reap the kinds of financial success that major Hollywood directors often experience, some say because of the African American cast or that it was directed and written by an African American.
Famuyiwa's films mainly explore themes of racial diversity and acceptance of oneself and others, especially within communities of color. In the majority of Famuyiwa's films, friendship plays a central role to the characters' development and progression throughout the film.
Filmography
Shorts
Films
Television
Awards
In 2000, The Black Reel Awards nominated Famuyiwa for Best Director (Theatrical) for his work on The Wood. Later on that year, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Image Awards nominated The Wood for Outstanding Motion Picture.
In 2003, after completing work on Brown Sugar Famuyiwa was once again nominated by the NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Motion Picture.
In 2008, while working on Our Family Wedding, Famuyiwa was recognized for his work on Kasi Lemmons' Talk To Me by the NAACP Image Awards. The Association nominated Talk To Me for Outstanding Motion Picture and Famuyiwa won for Outstanding Writing in a Motion Picture (Theatrical or Television).
References
External links
1973 births
American male screenwriters
Living people
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
American people of Nigerian descent
Place of birth missing (living people)
American people of Yoruba descent
Yoruba filmmakers
Nigerian film directors
People from Inglewood, California
Film directors from California
Screenwriters from California
The Breach is an online, Canadian news outlet launched on 10 March 2021 to provide reader- and viewer-supported reporting, analysis, and videos on issues such as racism, economic inequality, colonialism, and climate change. Its contributors include the Indigenous writer, lawyer, and professor Pamela Palmater, journalists El Jones and Linda McQuaig, legal scholar Azeezah Kanji, and documentary filmmaker Avi Lewis.
The Breach promises to provide "adversarial", investigative journalism that exposes injustices more vigorously than corporate newspapers or the CBC, Canada's public broadcaster. "We believe journalism can be credible while still open about its commitments: to inspire action, tell stories about people remaking society, and amplify visions of a new world to win together", The Breach announced on its website.
In Parliament, Elizabeth May of the Green Party cited reporting from The Breach showing close ties between the federal government and Canada's oil and gas industry, a subject the publication pursued in later stories.
The Breach is a successor to The Dominion, an independent, non-profit publication launched in 2003.
References
Canadian news websites
Magazines established in 2021
Political magazines published in Canada
News magazines published in Canada
Online magazines published in Canada
The 2020 Walsh Cup was an early-season inter-county hurling competition based in the Irish province of Leinster.
Seven counties compete – six from Leinster, Galway from Connacht and none from Ulster. No third-level college teams took part. Six other counties from Leinster and Ulster play in the second-ranked Kehoe Cup.
It took place in December 2019 and January 2020.
Wexford were the winners.
Competition format
Three teams receive a bye to the semi-finals – Kilkenny, Galway and Wexford. The remaining four teams compete in an initial group stage with each team playing the other teams once. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw. The group winners advance to the semi-finals. If the semi-final or final games are drawn, a penalty shoot-out is used to decide the winner; there is no extra time played.
Fixtures and results
Round-robin
Finals
References
Walsh Cup
Walsh Cup (hurling)
Tygodnik Illustrowany (, The Illustrated Weekly) was a Polish language weekly magazine published in Warsaw from 1859 to 1939. The magazine focus was on literary, artistic and social issues.
History
It is said to have been one of the most important and popular Polish magazines of the period, profitable and widely respected. It was particularly popular among the inteligencja social group. It was the oldest cultural periodical published in Warsaw.
The magazine was first published by Józef Unger; later it was taken over by the company Gebether i Wolff. Editors included: Ludwik Jenike, Józef Wolff, Artur Oppman, Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki, Zdzisław Dębicki, Piotr Choynowski, W. Gebethner, Jan Robert Gebethner, W. Czarski and C. Staszewicz. In 1909 its circulation was reported to be about 20,000.
The magazine commonly published articles on history of Poland and Polish society, including archeological, ethnographic and similar essays. It also published texts on the progress of technology and on voyages and explorations. It serialized some novels, including Eliza Orzeszkowa's Nad Niemnem, Władysław Reymont's Chłopi Stefan Żeromski's Popioły. Texts published in it are still seen as high quality.
The magazine history ends with the German invasion of Poland in September 1939; the last issue was published on 3 September that year.
Among its contributors most prominent were Polish literary figures such as Józef Ignacy Kraszewski, Eliza Orzeszkowa, Bolesław Prus and Nobel Prize winner Henryk Sienkiewicz. Others included: Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński, Władysław Skoczylas, Władysław Sabowski, Jan Zachariasiewicz, Zygmunt Miłkowski, P. Chmielewski, Wojciech Bogusławski, Marian Gawalewicz, Józef Wieniawski.
It is credited with popularizing woodcut illustrations in Poland, publishing works by artists such as Wojciech Gerson, Henryk Pillati, Franciszek Kostrzewski and Juliusz Kossak.
References
External links
Digitally scanned library of the magazine
Another collection
1859 establishments in Poland
1939 disestablishments in Poland
Defunct magazines published in Poland
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Magazines established in 1859
Magazines disestablished in 1939
Magazines published in Warsaw
Visual arts magazines published in Poland
Polish-language magazines
Weekly magazines published in Poland
Pass It On Down may refer to:
Pass It On Down (Alabama album), 1990
"Pass It On Down" (song), a song recorded by the country music group Alabama
Pass It On Down (The Elders album), 2005
Robert Graham Clark is an Australian physicist. He was appointed Professor and Chair of Energy Strategy and Policy at University of New South Wales (UNSW) in 2012. Prior to this he was Chief Defence Scientist from 2008 to 2011 and Professor of Experimental Physics at University of New South Wales, where he established the National Magnet Laboratory and Semiconductor Nanofabrication Facility.
Clark joined the Royal Australian Navy as a Cadet Midshipman in 1969. He graduated from the RAN college with a Bachelor of Science from the University of New South Wales, then served on eight ships before leaving the navy in 1979. He holds an MA from Oxford and a PhD from the University of New South Wales. He took several positions at UNSW, culminating in Director of the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for Quantum Computer Technology, before taking on the role of Chief Defence Scientist.
Clark was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia on Australia Day 2013 "for distinguished service to science and technology through leadership and governance of the scientific community of the Australian Defence Force and through contributions to quantum computing and nanotechnology". and was awarded the Centenary Medal on 1 January 2001 "for contribution to world leading research in the field of quantum computing and physics". He is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science (2001), a Distinguished Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales (2009), and has received numerous other acknowledgements and awards.
References
Living people
Australian physicists
Chief Defence Scientists
Officers of the Order of Australia
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Year of birth missing (living people)
Unione Sportiva Dilettantistica Brianza Olginatese is an Italian association football club located in Olginate, Lombardy. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History
The original company was founded in 1922 and for five years only in the local leagues dispute. During the Fascist period participates in various regional and provincial championships, to remain inactive during the war. And reconstitution in 1945 sharpened the FIGC. After two years in Prima Divisione Lombardy, is promoted to Serie C, where it remains only in the 1947–1948 season.
In 1952, the company gives up and remains inactive until 1968, when it is re-established themselves as participants in youth leagues. In 1972, forms a team that plays in the Terza Categoria. From 1981 it began a slow but steady rise of the minor leagues, until it wins Eccellenza Lombardy Girone B in 2001. From the 2001–02 it participates in Serie D, to achieve different finishes of medium ranking: the best result obtained so far are the playoffs in the 2004–2005 and 2010–11 season.
Colors and badge
Its colors are white and black.
Chronology
1922 – Birth of Unione Sportiva (en: Sports Union) Olginatese.
1922–27 – Sport activity in the local area.
1927 – The U.S. Olginatese is affiliated to the U.L.I.C. Committee "Brianteo" of Monza and enrolled in the championship Prima Categoria (age limit 21 years old not yet reached).
1927–28 – 4th in group A of Prima Categoria U.L.I.C. Monza Committee.
1928– The championships run by the U.L.I.C. Committee of Como are expanded with the entry of newly formed companies. The U.S. Olginatese does not continue with Monza and enrolled in Como, always in Prima Categoria.
1928–29 – 2nd in group B of Prima Categoria U.L.I.C. Como.
1929 – Bonds to Opera Nazionale Dopolavoro (O.N.D.) and changed its name to Gruppo Sportivo (en: Sports Group) Olginate O.N.D. Back to the U.L.I.C. Committee Monza.
1929–30 – 3rd in group D of Prima Categoria U.L.I.C. Monza.
1930 – It is affiliated to the newly constituted U.L.I.C. Committee Lecco but does not participate in the championship 1930–31.
1931–32 -?th in group A of Prima Categoria U.L.I.C. Lecco. Changed its name to U.S. Olginatese.
1932–33 -?th in group B of Seconda Categoria U.L.I.C. Lecco.
1933–34 -?th in group B of Seconda Categoria U.L.I.C. Lecco.
1934–36 – Missing data.
1936–37 – ?th in group B of Seconda Categoria Propaganda Section of Lecco.
1937–38 -?
1938 – It is affiliated to FIGC with the denomination U.S. Olginatese and enrolled in the Seconda Divisione Lombardy.
1938–39 – 1st in group B of Seconda Divisione Lombardy, go to the semifinals. In the semi-final encounters Pro Palazzolo but not enough to beat the first two (2–1 and 2–3 outside) and on 28 May in Bergamo wins 2–1. In the final, was beaten by Luino with a double 1–2. Promoted to Prima Divisione.
1939–40 – 4th in group B Prima Divisione Lombardy.
1940–41 – 7th in group F of Prima Divisione Lombardy.
1941–45 – Inactive for war reasons.
1945 – Reconstituted always U.S. Olginatese denomination.
1945–46 – 5th in group F of Prima Divisione Lombardy.
1946–47 – Winner of group ?. 4th in group D (final rounds) of Prima Divisione Lombardy. Admitted to Serie C for only later expansion of new teams.
1947–48 – 11th in group E of Serie C. Relegated to Promozione.
1948–49 – 10th in group C of Promozione.
1949–50 – 17th in group C of Promozione. Relegated to the Prima Divisione Lombardy.
1950–51 – 5th in group D of Prima Divisione Lombardy.
1951–52 – 16th in group D of Prima Divisione Lombardy. Relegated to Seconda Divisione Lombardy.
1952 – Resignation letter to the Regional Lombardy Committee dated 18 September.
1952 to 1968 – Inactive
1968 – Born again in this year, playing probably only the youth championships organized by Local Committee of Lecco.
1972 – It is affiliated to the FIGC joining the Championship Terza Categoria run by Provincial Committee of Como.
1972–73 – 4th in group B Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1973–74 – 4th in group B Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1974–75 – 6th in group A Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1975–76 – 4th in group A Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1976–77 – 10th in group A Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1977–78 – 4th in group B Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1978–79 – 2nd in group B Terza Categoria Committee of Como. Admitted to Seconda Categoria to fill up resignations.
1979–80 – 15th in group G Seconda Categoria Lombardy. Relegated to Terza Categoria.
1980–81 – 8th in group A Terza Categoria Committee of Como.
1981– Go for the Under-21 Championship and deploy a team, "pure" with no players out of age, same level as Terza Categoria.
1981–82 – 1st in group A Terza Categoria Committee of Como. Promoted to Seconda Categoria.
1982–83 – 13th in group G of Seconda Categoria Lombardy.
1983–84 – 2nd in group G of Seconda Categoria Lombardy.
1984–85 – 11th in group H of Seconda Categoria Lombardy. Save by the best head-to-head in the ranking divorced because in a 4 teams group with 24 points the relegated is Albiatese.
1985–86 – 9th in group H of Seconda Categoria Lombardy.
1986–87 – 6th in group H of Seconda Categoria Lombardy.
1987–88 – 2nd in group H of Seconda Categoria Lombardy. Admitted to Prima Categoria by means of a classification on points compiled by the Regional Committee Lombardy.
1988–89 – 7th in group E of Prima Categoria Lombardy.
1989–90 – 8th in group E of Prima Categoria Lombardy.
1990–91 – 1st in group E of Prima Categoria Lombardy. Promoted in Promozione.
1991–92 – 7th in group B of Promozione Lombardy.
1992–93 – 5th in group B of Promozione Lombardy.
1993–94 – 12th in group B of Promozione Lombardy.
1994–95 – 1st in group B of Promozione Lombardy. Promoted to Eccellenza.
1995–96 – 2nd in group A of Eccellenza Lombardy, is the play-off between the runners-up. Lose the play-offs beat by Imperia (1–2 at home and 0–3 outside).
1996–97 – 3rd in group A of Eccellenza Lombardy.
1997–98 – 11th in group A of Eccellenza Lombardy.
1998–99 – 5th in group A Eccellenza Lombardy.
1999–00 – 4th in group B Eccellenza Lombardy.
2000–01 – 1st in group B of Eccellenza Lombardy. Promoted to Serie D.
2001–02 – 11th in group B of Serie D
2002–03 – 13th in group B of Serie D, qualifies to play-out. Saved in the play-out beating Verbania (1–2 outside and 3–0 at home).
2003–04 – 7th in group B of Serie D.
2004–05 – 4th in group B OF Serie D, qualifies to play-offs. Loses the first round of play-off with Lecco (0–2 at home and 0–3 outside).
2005–06 – 7th in group B of Serie D.
2006–07 – 8th in group B of Serie D.
2007–08 – 12th in group B of Serie D.
2008–09 – 12th in group B of Serie D.
2009–10 – 11th in group B of Serie D.
2010–11 – 5th in group B of Serie D. Loses first round of play-off at Voghera (1–2 outside).
2011–12 – 3rd in group B of Serie D.
References
External links
Official homepage
U.S.D. Olginatese
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1968
1968 establishments in Italy
Léandre Joseph Antoine Desmaisières (9 September 1794 – 27 May 1864) was a Belgian politician.
Biography
Early life
Born in Düsseldorf, Germany, Leander Desmaisières belongs to an ancient family of Hainaut, including several members were Provost Marshals Tournai; one of his ancestors, Jean Desmaisières, Lord of Vassal, was deputy to the States General held in Brussels in 1633.
Military career
Desmaisières studied at the École Polytechnique in Paris from 1812 to 1814. In 1814-1815, he was a lieutenant in the troops of the Count of Artois and subsequently (1815-1824) engineer officer in the army of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The revolution of 1830 found him married and settled in Ghent where he was incorporated into the civic guard. His military background, public esteem he enjoyed made him successively elected captain, major, and finally on 13 June 1831, colonel of the second legion of
Political career
The services rendered by Leander Desmaisières came under difficult circumstances, all of which increased greatly its recognition and popularity in Ghent. On 6 November 1832 he was elected to the Chamber of Representatives, a position he would hold until 1847.
In this meeting called to practice the principles of constitutional liberty passed by Congress, Leander Desmaisières was, for several consecutive years, in charge of the budget report of the war, including that of 1838.
He intervened in the discussion of laws on the establishment of a military school, on the position and advancement of officers and military pensions. He also proposed solutions to various issues related to industry and finance.
It is at the top of the twenty-three signatories of the proposal was intended to establish a protective tariff for the cotton industry.
In 1837, the member for Ghent was selected for Rapporteur of the commission to investigate defects in the legislation on sugars; the conclusions of the report are adopted after a lively discussion.
Around the same time, he took a great part in the discussion of the tariff on cattle, and in that of the general law on transit.
MP Ghent was the rapporteur of the central section to the bill that increased the admission of foreign paintings (Act of 1834), which was a simple right balance of one percent from the Dutch fare. His work, embracing all matters relating to the flax industry, and indicating means, practiced subsequently to mitigate the effects of flax crisis we could already foresee the appearance of the introduction of new work mechanical, was passed by the House, despite opposition from ministers.
The adoption of the law prepared the conclusion of a trade agreement with France. This measure came to the aid of weavers and spinners of Flanders. We also saw the export of their products in 1833, only reached a value of 8 million Belgian francs, rising in 1838 to twice that value.
It was also in 1838 that was established under the chairmanship of Leander Desmaisières, the Association for the Advancement of the flax industry, who rendered great service to the working class during the crises caused by the processing industry. This association were born all these committees, these workshops apprenticeships, manufacturing these schools.
In 1839, the member was appointed government commissioner at the Bank of Belgium for the loan of four million Belgian francs. French shareholders wished to request the dissolution and liquidation of the company. Leander Desmaisières much to change the resolution. In return, shareholders spontaneously proposed to the king to his appointment as director of the bank.
He was convinced that the major powers of the world made rather generous conditions in the 1839 Tready of London and thus he voted in favor with reservations which were granted in part by the conference, particularly as regards the boundaries of Luxembourg the following gauging barrels fixing entitlement to the Scheldt and the Terneuzen canal.
The ministers were then Barthélémy de Theux, Jean-Pierre Willmar, Jean-Baptiste Nothomb.
Timeline of Career
From 1824, he was working in industry in Ghent.
In Belgium, he launched a career in politics. He was successively or simultaneously:
1832-1847: Catholic member of parliament for the Ghent district;
1843-1848: Provincial Governor of East Flanders;
1852-1861: Member of Parliament for the district Eeklo.
Desmaisières became minister:
Minister of Finance (5 April 1839 - 6 April 1840) in the Government of Barthélémy de Theux de Meylandt;
Minister of Public Works (13 April 1841 - 15 April 1843) in the government of Jean-Baptiste Nothomb;
Minister of War, ad interim (from 5 to 15 April 1843)
Honours
Commander in the Order of Leopold.
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of Charles III.
Grand Officer in the Legion of Honour.
References
Bibliography
R. DE VULDERE, Biografisch repertorium der Belgische parlementairen, senatoren en volksvertegenwoordigers, 1830-1965, licentiaantsverhandeling (onuitgegeven), RUG, 1965.
Jean-Luc DE PAEPE & Christiane RAINDORF-GERARD, Le Parlement belge, 1831-1894. Données biographiques, Brussel, 1996.
Eugène Bochart, Biographie des membres des deux chambres législatives, session 1857-1858, Bruxelles, M. Périchon, 1858.
1794 births
1864 deaths
Finance ministers of Belgium
John McSweeney may refer to:
John McSweeney (Ohio politician) (1890–1969), American member of the House of Representatives from Ohio
John McSweeney (Maine politician) (1923–1995), member of the Maine House of Representatives
John M. McSweeney (1916–1979), American diplomat
John Zewizz (born 1955), né John McSweeney, American industrial music performer
John McSweeney Jr., Academy Award for Best Film Editing for the 1962 film Mutiny on the Bounty
John McSweeney (lawyer), see 1880 Democratic National Convention
See also
John MacSween (disambiguation)
Bobrovitsa () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2002.
Geography
Bobrovitsa is located 34 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Fominskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Nemacerota speideli is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Saldaitis, Ivinskis and Borth in 2014. It is found in China (Sichuan).
Subspecies
Nemacerota speideli speideli (China: Sichuan)
Nemacerota speideli severa Saldaitis, Ivinskis & Borth, 2014 (China: Sichuan)
References
Moths described in 2014
Thyatirinae
Borstrondi or Skulestadmoen is a village in Voss municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located about north of the municipal centre, Vossevangen. The village has a population (2019) of 1,456 and a population density of .
References
Villages in Vestland
Voss
Ptyktoptychion is an extinct genus of chimaeras known from the Early Cretaceous of Australia.
References
Prehistoric cartilaginous fish genera
Cretaceous cartilaginous fish
Prehistoric fish of Australia
Chimaeriformes
Prince Mahidol Hall () is a concert hall of Mahidol University and the largest concert hall of Thailand, located in Phutthamonthon District, Nakhon Pathom. The hall was named after Prince Mahidol Adulyadej.
The hall was inaugurated on 14 April 2014 by Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn and a performance by the Thailand Philharmonic Orchestra. The hall was also chosen by Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra on its 100th Anniversary World Tour 2014 list. The architecture concept based on physical structure of human and plant. The roof has two layers in order to cut off a noise from outside, the inner layer covered with a distinctive material, the outer layer covered with copper.
References
External links
Official Website
Music venues in Thailand
Opera houses in Thailand
Music venues completed in 2014
2014 establishments in Thailand
Mahidol University
Buildings and structures in Nakhon Pathom province
The 1916 municipal election was held December 11, 1916 to elect a mayor and six aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council, three trustees to sit on the public school board, and four trustees to sit on the separate school board.
There were ten aldermen on city council, but four of the positions were already filled: Orlando Bush, Robert Douglas, William Campbell McArthur, and Charles Wilson were all elected to two-year terms in 1915 and were still in office. James Macfie MacDonald was also elected to a two-year term in 1915, but resigned; accordingly, J. A. Kinney was elected to a one-year term.
There were seven trustees on the public school board, while four of the positions were already filled: Walter Ramsey, Samuel Barnes, Henry Douglas, and J. A. McPherson had all been elected to two-year terms in 1915. There were also seven positions on the separate board, with three of them filled. Because one was vacant by reason of a resignation, O Derome was elected to a one-year term.
Electoral System
The election of mayor was conducted by First past the post.
The election of aldermen was conducted through Plurality block voting, with each voter having ability to cast as many as six votes, no more than one per candidate.
Voter turnout
There were 7745 ballots cast out of 11717 eligible voters, for a voter turnout of 66.1%.
Results
bold or indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
"SS", where data is available, indicates representative for Edmonton's South Side, with a minimum South Side representation instituted after the city of Strathcona, south of the North Saskatchewan River, amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1, 1912.
Mayor
Aldermen
One Southsider had to be elected.
Under the minimum South Side representation rule, Grant was elected over Picard.
Public school trustees
Separate (Catholic) school trustees
References
Election History, City of Edmonton: Elections and Census Office
1916
1916 elections in Canada
1916 in Alberta
The Rosenberg's monitor (Varanus rosenbergi) is an Australian species of varanid reptile found in southern regions of the continent. They are large and fast predators with rugged bodies and long tails, having a combined length up to 1.5 metres, that will consume any smaller animal that is pursued and captured or found while foraging.
They occur in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, South Australia, Victoria, where it may be rare or locally common, and more frequently observed in Western Australia, where it is sometimes abundant.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by German herpetologist Robert Mertens in 1957, named and recognized as a subspecies of Varanus gouldii; a revision of Western Australian monitors published in 1980 elevated the taxon to species status. It is now considered to be a member of the V. gouldii species complex. The holotype was collected at the Stirling Range in Southwest Australia.
The specific name, rosenbergi, is in honor of German naturalist Hermann von Rosenberg.
The infrageneric classification of the species allies it to other taxa of the subgenus Varanus (Varanus).
A geographically remote population in the eastern states has distinct characteristics that may represent a cryptic species.
A description published as Pantherosaurus kuringai in 1985 is regarded as a synonym for this species.
The common names include the heath monitor or the southern heath monitor, along with those names that are a legacy of their description as the sand goanna Varanus gouldii.
Description
Like most other monitor lizards, these are fast-moving predators with long tails, stout limbs and clawed feet. They resemble the closely related and widespread sand goanna Varanus gouldii, to which they were previously allied as a subspecies, but distinguished by darker coloration overall, especially the markings at the tail tip and underside and the distinct black banding at the back and neck.
Dull and vaguely defined yellow stripes appear across most of the tail's length, sometimes interrupting the blackish colour of its end.
The feet and limbs are also very dark, and spotted with a creamy or brownish colour. The dark tone at the head is marked with yellow dots above the mouth, and the yellowish cream background colour of the underside displays a blackish reticular pattern.
The largest specimens are those found at Kangaroo Island, near the coast of South Australia, these are also darker than those on the mainland and possess a greater number of scale rows at the ventral side.
Fat layers in V. rosenbergi constitute around 7.6% of body weight, allowing energy reserves to be stored throughout the body and tail.
This monitor can reach a length of 1.5 metres. It is dark gray with yellow and white spotting and black bands on its body and all the way down the tail. The juvenile is tinged with orange.
The comparative ratio of head and body lengths between the sexes, often evident in the monitor subgenus Odatria, is not easily discernible in this species and their subgenus Varanus.
Behaviour
Reproductive behaviour, including guarding of nest sites, extends over a four-month period of a sexually active adult's year. Rosenberg's monitors mate over a 12-day period in January. In February and March, the female digs into an active termite mound, creating a spherical nest chamber beneath the hardened shell—found under the loose outer layer of the mound—by collapsing the internal structure of tunnels and chambers. The depth of the monitor's nest is around 700 millimetres, taking the parent several days to complete, the thickness of the termitarium's cemented shell is approximately 140 mm and the overlying friable surface 100 mm. The species lays a brood of up to 14 eggs, then redeposits the excavated material to cover her entry; the termites reform the shell of their mound over the course of several days.
Incubation periods of V. rosenbergi broods are around seven months, or longer at Kangaroo Island, which is regarded as an extended period when compared to other squamates and may be a response to the cooler climate of its range.
In September and October, the hatchlings emerge from the mound, possibly with digging assistance from the adult; this parenting behaviour has inferred from the habits of other monitors without being directly observed in V. rosenbergi. A study observing this species at Kangaroo Island found that hatchlings emerged at the point of the parents entry to the nest, and able to excavate themselves from their birthplace. Their emergence corresponds with increasing warmth of the temperature outside the termitaria, and the hatchlings are observed at basking in the sunshine at the exterior and reoccupying the nest site during cold nights.
They are highly active carnivores, able to pursue large prey, and opportunistic generalists whose diet includes birds, reptiles, mammals, eggs, and carrion.
Analysis of the island population in South Australia revealed third of their diet is invertebrates, primarily species of Acrididae, Areneidae, Blattoidea and Coleoptera, with mammals and reptiles combined being the greater portion of animals that were eaten. Some amphibians, mostly Limnodynastes species of frogs, and a small proportion if birds were also found to have been captured and consumed, but invertebrates would be found during its regular foraging activities through soft soils and detritus.
This goanna has been observed eating road kill, including possums and wallabies, and consumption of these may account for a significant proportion of the mammal component of their diet. The native rat species Rattus fuscipes is likely pursued and caught, but the recorded consumption of Macropus fuliginosus, the western grey kangaroo, and brush-tail possum Trichosurus vulpecula is likely the discovery of their carcasses.
Water is obtained from prey when seasonal rainfall is low, and supplemented by drinking free water when available. Living in a sometimes saline environment, they are able to expel excess salts—primarily sodium chloride and a smaller amount of potassium—through gland structures at the nostrils. In winter months the water required by the goanna may be supplemented from free water or by pulmocutaneous exchange of moisture.
The darker coloration of V. rosenbergi, a form of melanism, allows a greater degree of thermoregulation of their body in the cooler southern climates. They periodically bask in the sun throughout the day, or when the opportunity arises, laying in the soil if it is warm or clambering on to branches to avoid a net heat loss; heath monitors are mostly found in their burrows during the coldest parts of the year.
Females may continue to be active at night, maintaining a body temperature 20 °C greater than the ambient temperature.
Varanus rosenbergi conserves its energy requirements during cooler seasons of the year, entering a state of torpor, but demonstrates the ability to voluntarily arouse itself during these periods.
The species will climb a tree to evade capture.
Distribution
The distribution range of the species is in the south of the Australian continent, all occurrences are recorded below the southern 30° line of latitude. The range in Southwest Australia is south of Mussel Pool, to the northeast of the state's capital Perth, and inland from the southern coast in a range that extends close to Bendering, Norseman, Balladonia and then east to Eucla and South Australia. Varanus rosenbergi is most common in the west, locally abundant in favourable habitat, and deeply fragmented in the east; isolated groups near Canberra and Sydney may represent a separate species. A subpopulation, with individuals somewhat larger in size, is found on Kangaroo Island, and a mainland population in South Australia is considered rare. The eastern states included in records of the species occurrence at New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory and Victoria.
The heath monitor is found in habitat close to sea level and at elevations below 1500 metres asl.
The population in New South Wales, isolated and suspected to be a sister species, is found at high elevations that include occurrences above the snow-line in the mountainous regions of eastern Australia.
The individual range of V. rosenbergi is comparatively large.
The distribution range overlaps with Varanus gouldii and individuals of these species are sometimes sympatric, especially at southern areas of the Western Australian wheatbelt and on the Swan Coastal Plain; the species do not hybridize.
The named distribution range of the widespread population of V. gouldi, due to a historically uncertain taxonomic description, was revised to exclude the southern coastal areas were this species occurs.
Ecology
The favoured types of habitat Varanus rosenbergi is associated with plant communities are most often sandy heathland, open woodland or sclerophyll forest, although the species is known to occur in other vegetation types.
The near coastal areas it inhabits are frequently saline environments. Subalpine environments in the southernmost parts of its range such as Naas Valley, ACT, sometimes encounters snowfall.
Heath monitors excavate burrows for refuge, or occupy rocky fissures and hollow trees.
Reproduction
The reproductive habits of Varanus rosenbergi are closely associated with termite constructions, the above ground nest-mounds of some species, and is thought to rely on these to produce offspring.
The use of termitaria provides the newly hatched progeny the favourable conditions within the nest, warmth and regulated humidity, when conditions outside retard the activity of adults.
Several other monitor species adopt termitaria as nest sites, those utilized by V. rosenbergi offer regular internal temperatures for most of the year, usually around 30° Celsius, and do not fall below 20 °C at the coolest times of the year.
Parasites
Varanus rosenbergi is known to be hosted to nine species of intestinal nematodes, parasites known as roundworm, and is recorded near undisturbed habitat with high infection rates of Abbreviata, physalopteroid species of the Spirurida order.
Individuals often carry blood-feeding ticks lodged to their skin, these are found around the cloaca or base of the tail or seeking areas of high blood flow at the head and neck by the female tick when pregnant. The infestation rate in the southwest region is around half of the adults and is absent in juveniles, the Kangaroo Island population has a higher rate, around 85% of those surveyed carrying the species Aponomma fimbriatum.
References
External links
Varanus rosenbergi. The Reptile Database.
Further reading
King, R. A., et al. Varanoid Lizards of the World. Bloomington: Indiana University Press. 2007. pg. 225–29. .
King, D. & B. Green. Goannas: The Biology of Varanid Lizards. University of New South Wales Press. 1999.
Rismiller, P., et al. (2007). Life history studies of Rosenberg's goanna (Varanus rosenbergi) on Kangaroo Island, South Australia. Biawak 1(1): 42–43.
Varanus
Endemic fauna of Australia
Monitor lizards of Australia
Reptiles described in 1957
Taxa named by Robert Mertens
What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank is a 2012 short story collection by the American writer Nathan Englander. The book was first published on February 7, 2012 through Knopf and collects eight of Englander's short stories, including the title story "What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank."
The title of the collection takes its influence from Raymond Carver's 1981 short story collection What We Talk About When We Talk About Love. The book was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, losing to Adam Johnson's The Orphan Master's Son. Englander's collection was awarded the 2012 Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award.
Stories
"What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank" was originally published in the December 12, 2011 edition of The New Yorker and was included in The Best American Short Stories of 2012. Like Carver's story, "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love," Englander's story centers around two middle-aged married couples sitting around a table and sharing a bottle of liquor (in Carver's story, it is gin and in Englander's, vodka and pot). The story is told by a first-person present narrator who is married to Debbie and they live together in South Florida. Debbie's childhood friend from Yeshiva school, Lauren, who is now known as Shoshana, is visiting from Jerusalem with her husband, Mark, who has adopted the name, Yerucham. The narrator describes Shoshana and Yerucham as having gone "off to the Holy Land and went from Orthodox to ultra-Orthodox." The climax of the story occurs when Debbie and Shoshana revive a childhood game, the Anne Frank game, in which they speculate who among their non-Jewish friends would save them in the event of a second Holocaust.
"Sister Hills" "traces the growth of a small Israeli settlement from a couple of shacks into a thriving Jerusalem suburb, depicts the emotionally fraught relationship between two neighbors: one, named Rena, loses her husband and her three sons to the war and unhappy accident; the other, named Yehudit, has nine children and lives a vibrant, satisfying life. When Yehudit's daughter Aheret was a baby, on the verge of death from a high fever, Yehudit was so desperate she indulged an old superstition: to outsmart the Angel of Death, she 'sold' Aheret to Rena for a pittance. Aheret survived, grew up to be a young woman, and now Rena, alone and bitter, decides to reclaim her, insisting that the girl forfeit her freedom and come to live with her as a caregiver."
"How We Avenged the Blums" first appeared in The Atlantic (Summer/Fall 2005) and was included in the Best American Short Stories 2006.
"Peep Show" was originally published in the July 26, 1999 edition of The New Yorker. Its protagonist, Allen Fein (formerly known as Ari Feinberg) is on his way to the Port Authority to go home to his pregnant, "beautiful blond Gentile wife," when he encounters three rabbis from his old school at a peep show. Upon seeing the rabbis, Fein feels enormous guilt for leaving his religion. He also feels guilt for having been, as he believes, unfaithful to his wife, Claire, whom he imagines is on the other side of a partition as a performer in the peep show along with his mother.
"Everything I Know About My Family On My Mother's Side" first appeared in Esquire in July 2008 and was included in Best American Nonrequired Reading 2009.
"Camp Sundown"
"The Reader" first appeared in Electric Literature in September 2011.
"Free Fruit for Young Widows" was originally published in the May 17, 2010 edition of The New Yorker and was included in Best American Short Stories 2011.
Reception
Critical reception for What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank has been mostly positive and the book received praise from the Washington Times, Los Angeles Times, and the Jewish Book Council.
In The New York Times, Michiko Kakutani gave the book a mixed-to-positive review, stating: "At his best, Mr. Englander manages to delineate such extreme behavior with a combination of psychological insight, allegorical gravity and sometimes uproarious comedy" but that "In several instances, however, the delicate narrative balance slips from Mr. Englander's grasp." Kakutani also notes: "It's the title story and “Everything I Know About My Family” that point to Mr. Englander's evolution as a writer, his ability to fuse humor and moral seriousness into a seamless narrative, to incorporate elliptical — yes, Carver-esque — techniques into his arsenal of talents to explore how faith and family (and the stories characters tell about faith and family) ineluctably shape an individual's identity."
James Lasdun's review for The Guardian was more positive, adding: "If there is an abiding theme, it is the way in which notions of right and wrong, guilt and innocence, victim and oppressor, shift over time as memories fade or new perspectives open up on old struggles." Lasdun also offered praise for Englander: "The new book (which comes garlanded with praise from just about every A-list author in America) turns out to be a remarkable collection, not least because of its courageous determination to push forward in the direction hinted at by that last story." He did, however characterize the title story as a "dud, or semi-dud" and noted: "But I suspect Englander might have pulled it off if he hadn't constrained himself so tightly within the terms of Carver's scrupulous realism."
The book received an honourable mention in the Sophie Brody Award 2013.
External links
What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank
How We Avenged the Blums
Everything I Know About My Family on My Mother's Side
Free Fruit for Young Widows
References
2012 short story collections
Alfred A. Knopf books
American short story collections
Jewish American short story collections
Aldo Llambi (born 6 June 1996) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian club Raiffeisen Gratkorn.
Club career
Early career
Llambi started his youth career at Flamurtari Vlorë in September 2011. On 12 February 2014 he was loaned out to Teuta Durrës for a half season.
Following his return to Flamurtari Vlorë he made the first team debut under coach Ernest Gjoka on 1 October 2014 in the 2014–15 Albanian Cup match against Kamza coming on as a substitute in the 68th minute in place of Gezim Krasniqi.
Sopoti Librazhd
He made it his debut with Sopoti on 16 September 2015 in an 2015–16 Albanian Cup match against Butrinti Sarandë playing the full 90-minutes match in a 5–0 victory.
International career
Llambi was called up to the Albania national under-19 football team by coach Foto Strakosha for the friendly match against Italy U-19 on 14 May 2014.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Aldo Llambi profile FSHF.org
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Vlorë
Albania youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
Flamurtari Vlorë players
KS Sopoti Librazhd players
KF Apolonia Fier players
FC Gratkorn players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Albanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Nesioneta is a genus of dwarf spiders that was first described by J. A. Beatty, J. W. Berry & Alfred Frank Millidge in 1991.
Species
it contains nine species:
Nesioneta arabica Tanasevitch, 2010 – United Arab Emirates
Nesioneta benoiti (van Helsdingen, 1978) – Sri Lanka, Seychelles
Nesioneta elegans Millidge, 1991 – Caroline Is., Fiji
Nesioneta ellipsoidalis Tu & Li, 2006 – Vietnam
Nesioneta lepida Millidge, 1991 (type) – Marshall Is., Caroline Is., Hawaii
Nesioneta muriensis (Wunderlich, 1983) – Nepal
Nesioneta pacificana (Berland, 1935) – Pacific Is.
Nesioneta similis Millidge, 1991 – Caroline Is.
Nesioneta sola (Millidge & Russell-Smith, 1992) – Indonesia (Sulawesi)
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Araneomorphae genera
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Asia
Leonid (Les) Stepanovych Tanyuk (, August 7, 1938 – March 18, 2016) was a Ukrainian theatre and film director, Soviet dissident and after 1991's Ukrainian independence, a multi-term member of the Ukrainian parliament.
He was a husband of Nelli Korniyenko, a native of Khabarovsk and Merited worker of arts of Ukraine.
Biography
Tanyuk was born in Zhukyn, Dymer Raion (liquidated), Kyiv Oblast, the son of Stephen Samiylovych, a teacher of Ukrainian language and literatures. His mother was Natalya Mykolayivna, also a teacher of languages. After spending some of his childhood in a Nazi concentration camp, he and his family returned to Ukraine, but they were not allowed to live in Kyiv. They returned to his father's hometown of Lutsk.
He studied at the National University of Theatre, Film and TV in Kyiv.
Club of Creative Youth
In 1959, Tanyuk was one of the founders of the Club of Creative Youth (Клуб творчої молоді) in Kyiv. He was elected the club's first president. Under his leadership, the group was active in promoting Ukrainian culture and protesting Soviet totalitarianism. He and other members were made demands to the Soviet authorities to preserve Churches and other monuments that faced destruction. In 1962, he and fellow members Vasyl Symonenko and Alla Horska were sent to investigate information about mass graves in Bykivnia from the 1930s terror implemented by Joseph Stalin. After questioning the locals, they wrote a letter to the authorities demanding an investigation into the executions and the burials. It was at this point that the Soviets began to exert strong pressure on the club, and Tanyuk was removed as president, though he effectively continued to lead the organization until it was closed in 1964.
Dissident activities
During the early 1960s, Tanyuk travelled around Ukraine and produced numerous drama productions which were later banned. He also established clubs similar to the Club of Creative Youth outside of Kyiv.
Activities since 1991's Ukrainian independence
From 1991 till his death Tanyuk was Chairman of the Union of theatrical figures of Ukraine.
In the 1990 Ukrainian parliamentary election Tanyuk was elected into the Verkhovna Rada (Ukraine's parliament). He was reelected in the 1994 Ukrainian parliamentary election and 1998 Ukrainian parliamentary election. All three times for Rukh. Tanyuk was reelected in the 2002 Ukrainian parliamentary election and 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election and 2007 Ukrainian parliamentary election for the Ukraine Bloc.
Tanyuk died on March 18, 2016; the cause of death was not disclosed.
References
Museum of the Dissident Movement
External links
1938 births
2016 deaths
People from Kyiv Oblast
Nazi concentration camp survivors
Kyiv National I. K. Karpenko-Kary Theatre, Cinema and Television University alumni
Kyiv National I. K. Karpenko-Kary Theatre, Cinema and Television University faculty
Ukrainian dissidents
Ukrainian theatre directors
Soviet dissidents
First convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Second convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Third convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fourth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fifth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
People's Movement of Ukraine politicians
Burials at Baikove Cemetery
Recipients of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 4th class
Venezuelan Democratic Party (, PDV) was a political party in Venezuela. It was created in September 1943 by President Isaías Medina Angarita to organize supporters of his government. Its dominant role in the political system ended with Rómulo Betancourt's 1945 coup.
Defunct political parties in Venezuela
Political parties established in 1943
1943 establishments in Venezuela
Helmic, Texas, also known as Alabama Station, is a rural community in Trinity County, Texas on FM 357 12 miles from Groveton. It was originally called Alabama Station, but the name was changed to Helmic in 1910. The post office closed in 1933. In 2000, the population was 86.
References
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Roberts Knoll () is a snow-covered coastal knoll with numerous rock outcrops at the east side of the mouth of Schytt Glacier in Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named for Brian B. Roberts, Secretary of the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-names Committee.
See also
Båkenesdokka Valley
Hills of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The Palazzo Piccolomini-Clementini is a Gothic-style palace located on Via Banchi di Sotto #75 in the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy. It is located across the street from the more imposing Renaissance-style Palazzo Piccolomini and the Loggia del Papa. The nearby Palazzo delle Papesse was also built by a Piccolomini family member.
History
The three-story palace, notable for the acute arches around doors and windows, was built at the end of the 14th century. The northernmost arch is surmounted by the coat of arms of the Piccolomini (Cross with five crescents and a papal tiara). The interior has 16th-century monochrome frescoes attributed to Giovanni Battista di Jacomo del Capanna. The central courtyard has a well made with pietra serena. Refurbishment of the interiors were pursued in the 19th century in a Neoclassical-style by the architect Agostino Fantastici under commission from the Piccolomini-Clementini family. The piano nobile was frescoed (circa 1830-35) by Cesare Maffei with Scenes from the Life of Achilles.
Countess Bianca Piccolomini-Clementini, a patron of Catholic charities and one of the founders of the Society of Saint Angela Merici, was born in 1875 in this palace. She was declared venerated by Pope Francis in 2016.
References
Piccolomini
Houses completed in the 14th century
Gothic architecture in Siena
Tamadjert (also written Tamdjert or Tamadjart) is a village in the commune of Illizi, in Illizi Province, Algeria. It is located in the Tassili n'Ajjer mountain range at the western edge of the Tassili n'Ajjer National Park. The village is the site of a project to introduce solar energy to Algeria, with 48 households connected to 8 solar power systems.
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Populated places in Illizi Province
Tribo da Periferia is a Brazilian hip hop group consisting of rapper/producer Duckjay and Look. The group has released various well known hits, such as: Imprevisível, Alma de Pipa and Insônia.
Originally, the group was composed of Duckjay, Mano Marley and Alisson, also working together with DJ Bola Tribo and AceDace. Eventually, the group was restructured when Mano Marley and Alisson left, causing the group formation to be altered. DJ Bola and AceDace also ceased their collaborations with the group, and Duckjay initiated new projects with Look.
History
Formed in Brasília, DF, Brazil in 1998, Tribo da Periferia released their first album with many difficulties and obstacles. The first album Verdadeiro Brasileiro possessed 12 tracks and was created on a low budget, but helped establish the group's political views.
In 2005, Tribo da Periferia released their first hit song: Carro de Malandro. Following the release of Carro de Malandro, Duckjay began to receive recognition from the Brazilian music scene. Marília Mendonça invited the group to perform at a local festival in Goiânia.
In 2016, the group won the Palco Mp3 award for being the most accessed artist in the Rap/Hip-Hop category. Currently, the group possesses seven albums. A show was performed in the Mané Garrincha stadium in Brasília to celebrate Tribo da Periferia's twenty year career. After years of dedication, they have managed to establish a consistent following on their YouTube channel with over one billion views total. While, on Spotify, Tribo da Perifeira has about 9.5 million listeners and 1.64 million followers.
Discography
Studio albums
Verdadeiro Brasileiro (2003)
Tudo Nosso (2005)
1° Último (2011)
2° Último (2013)
Lost tape (2013)
3° Último (2014)
4° Último (2016)
5° Último (2019)
Híbrido (2021)
Singles
Insônia (2014) with Hungria Hip Hop
Photoshop (2020)
Awards and nominations
Prêmio Palco Mp3 (Artist with most streams)
Hutuz 2008 (Duckjay was nominated in the best producer category)
References
Musical groups established in 1998
is a private women's college in Amagasaki, Japan, established in 1966.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Henry S. Berninger (February 1, 1864 – May 18, 1934) was an American businessman and politician.
Born in the town of Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, Berninger went to the Milwaukee parochial and public schools. He was a businessman. In 1889, Berninger served on the Wauwatosa Town Board and was a Republican. In 1915, Berninger served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Berninger died of a heart attack at his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1864 births
1934 deaths
People from Wauwatosa, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin city council members
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Adul Lahsoh (; ; born 19 September 1986), simply known as Dun () is a Thai of Malay descent professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Thai League 3 club Phitsanulok and the Thailand national team.
Personal life
Lahsoh hails from Phatthalung province and is a Muslim of Malay descent.
Club career
His career began in the youth team Adul of Chonburi. In 2004, he received a contract for the first Team, for whom he played until 2007. During this time he completed a total of 38 games for the club. In his first three years in Chonburi, he managed the team to promotion to the Thai Premier League and became champions for the first time in 2007. 2006 also was with the club in the final of the Singapore Cup. He was followed, in 2008, his former coach Walter Jäger to Japan. There he played a season for Gainare Tottori in the JFL, before returning to Chonburi. On 6 December 2015 Buriram United announced that Lahsoh would join the club for the 2016 season after having spent 7 years at Chonburi.
International career
Adul available since 2007 in the U-23 squad, and took part in the Southeast playing your 207th. He was able to win the team gold medal. He also has played a game for the senior team. He was part of the 2012 AFF Suzuki Cup, 2013 King's Cup, 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC), and the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification.
In October, 2013 he played a friendly match against Bahrain. In October 15, 2013 he played against Iran in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification. He was named captain by new coach Kiatisuk Senamuang for the 2014 AFF Suzuki Cup. In May 2015, was called up by Thailand to play in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) against Vietnam.
International Goals
Honours
Club
Chonburi
Thai Premier League (1): 2007
Thai FA Cup (1): 2010
Kor Royal Cup (3): 2009, 2011, 2012
Buriram United
Kor Royal Cup (1): 2016
Lamphun Warriors
Thai League 2 (1): 2021–22
Thai League 3 (1): 2020–21
International
Thailand U-23
Sea Games Gold Medal (1); 2007
Thailand
ASEAN Football Championship (2): 2014, 2016
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Association football midfielders
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Gainare Tottori players
Thai expatriate footballers
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Adul Lahsoh
Adul Lahsoh
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Adul Lahsoh
Competitors at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Caerthillian to Kennack is a coastal Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) on the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall, UK, noted for both its biological and geological characteristics. It is of great botanical importance, with several Red Data Book of rare and endangered plant species being found on the site, as well as a breeding site for Cornish choughs.
Geography
The site straddles the south coast of the Lizard Peninsula, covering the most southerly point of the British mainland, from Caerthillian Cove in the west to Kennack Sands in the east, within the civil parishes of Grade–Ruan and Landewednack.
The South West Coast Path runs through the SSSI and most of the coastline is owned by the National Trust. The site falls partly within the Lizard national nature reserve and contains two Geological Conservation Review locations.
History
The SSSI, first notified in 1951, was previously known as South and East Lizard SSSI. It was renamed after boundary expansions and deletions.
The rocks off the coast are a notorious hazard to shipping and have led to numerous shipwrecks. The Lizard Lifeboat Station is located within the SSSI.
Geology
The area's bedrock is part of the Lizard complex, an ophiolite complex, and includes micaceous and hornblende schist that is overlain by serpentinized peridotite and gabbro with intrusions of granite gneiss.
Wildlife and ecology
Flora
The site hosts an unusual assemblage of vegetation types and a large number of rare plant species due to the combination of a mild, moist climate that results from its proximity to the ocean; geologic conditions, including serpentine-derived soils which can constrain plant growth; and wind exposure. Botanists have suggested that the site's climate is a more important contributor to its floral diversity than its geology.
A variety of habitats exist within the site. To the south-west of the SSSI a number of maritime cliff communities exist which support vegetation such as sea aster, rock samphire (Crithmum maritimum) and sea thrift with red fescue, sea carrot (Daucus carota), Yorkshire fog, cock's-foot (Dactylis glomerata) and the nationally rare Scilla autumnalis being found further up the cliff profile.
The eastern side of the site is protected from the prevailing westerly winds on the Atlantic meaning that less hardy plants are able to grow in areas of cliff scrub. Species include blackthorn (Prunus spinosa) common gorse (Ulex europaeus), wild privet (Ligustrum vulgare) as well as more woodland plants of common dog-violet (Viola riviniana), common honeysuckle (Lonicera periclymenum), hart's-tongue (Phyllitis scolopendrium) and red campion (Silene dioica).
Three plants that are designated as nationally scarce, galingale (Cyperus longus), yellow-vetch (Vicia lutea) and bird's-foot clover (Trifolium ornithopodioides a variety of Trifolium repens), can be found in a disused serpentinite quarry at Church Cove.
The only cliff woodland of the Lizard Peninsula is in the locality of the Devil's Frying Pan, an old collapsed sea cave. This woodland contains Cornish elm, Dutch elm and an intermediate variety of elm. Other woodland areas occur around the windswept peninsula at Poltesco.
Red Data Book of rare and endangered plant species within the site include Cornish heath (Erica vagans), early meadow-grass (Poa infirma), fringed rupturewort (Herniaria ciliolata), long-headed clover (a subspecies of Trifolium incarnatum) and wild asparagus (a subspecies of Asparagus officinalis). There are only two populations of four-leaved allseed (Polycarpon tetraphyllum) to be found within mainland Great Britain, one of which exists at this SSSI.
Fauna
A breeding pair of Cornish choughs (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax), a rare crow–like bird in Cornwall, have produced clutches of eggs in a cave at Lizard Point, within the site. In 2002 this pair was the first choughs to breed in the county in 50 years, with other pairs around Cornwall having bred since.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1951
Nature Conservation Review sites
National Trust properties in Cornwall
Lizard Peninsula
Callimetopus pantherinus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Blanchard in 1855. It is known from Moluccas.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1855
Sainik School Kapurthala is one of 33 Sainik Schools across India. The school was inaugurated in July 1961 by the then Defence Minister V.K.Krishna Menon, with the objective of preparing boys and girls for entry into National Defence Academy in Khadakwasla. Its motto is "Knowledge, Humility and Discipline". It is a fully residential school for boys only, providing public school education. It has produced more than 1150 officers for the Indian armed forces through National Defence Academy. It is the only school among the 33 Sainik Schools which has held the Defence Minister's trophy continuously for nine years.
The school was the palace of Maharaja Jagjit singh.
See also
Indian Naval Academy
Indian Military Academy
References
Schools in Punjab, India
Sainik schools
Kapurthala
Military high schools
Boys' schools in India
Palaces in Punjab, India
Educational institutions established in 1961
1961 establishments in East Punjab
Matrox Simple Interface (in short MSI) is the name of a proprietary DOS and Windows 95 application programming interface for Matrox Mystique graphics cards made by Matrox. MSI API supported a maximum of 640x480x16 resolution with z-buffer and no bilinear filtering. It used color look up tables to save memory. When Matrox released the Matrox m3D (using the PowerVR PCX2 chipset), MSI was completely abandoned.
Sources
https://web.archive.org/web/20110807162742/http://www.forums.murc.ws/archive/index.php/t-38427.html Legacy Matrox-enhanced games on g200/g400 [Archive] - MURC
http://www.geocities.com/k_lupinsky/Mystique.htm Kanajana's MechWarrior 2 3D Page - Matrox Mystique Edition
http://www.unet.univie.ac.at/~a0503736/php/drdoswiki/index.php?n=Main.Hardware Club Dr-DOS Wiki
Graphics cards
3D graphics APIs
Vladimir Vladimirovich Lichutin (; born March 13, 1940 in Mezen, Mezensky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, USSR) is a Soviet Russian writer, a major proponent of the derevenschiki movement of the late 20th century literature, best known for his Raskol (1990-1996) epic. Most of Lichutin's novels and novelets are based on the life of real people of the coastal White Sea areas of his native Pomorje region.
Biography
Vladimir Lichutin was born in the town of Mezen, Arkhangelsk Oblast, into the family of a teacher. His father was killed in the Great Patriotic War and mother alone had to raise four children. In 1960 Lichutin graduated from the local timber-processing industrial school and enrolled into the Leningrad University's faculty of journalism. After the graduation in 1962 he returned to Arkhangelsk to work as a journalist for the local newspaper Pravda Severa.
Litchutin debuted with The White Room novelet, published in the No. 8, 1972, issue of Sever magazine. It was followed by Iona and Alexandra (1973), Long Rest (1974) and The Marriages' Time (1975). Among Vladimir Lichutin's best known 1970s works were Soul's Burning (1976) and Winged Seraphima (1978), both praising native Pomors ' traditional values, their ascetic way of life and high moral standards. Lichutin took part in several folklorist expeditions which provided him with rich linguistic material he has since then incorporated into his prose. In 1975, after graduating the Higher literary Courses at the Soviet Union of Writers he settled in Moscow, but continued to visit his native region regularly.
His 1985 novel Wanderers (sequel to Long Rest) told the story of a group of young members of the Old Believers' sect of the early 19th century. His next one, Lyubostai (1987), criticized what he saw as contemporary Soviet intelligentsia's lack of 'moral firmness' and examined the spiritual crisis of the Russian people of the second half of the 20th century.
Vladimir Lichutin's epic Raskol (1990-1996) is rated as his outstanding novel. Years later it brought him first the prestigious Yasnaya Polyana Award (2009), then The Russian Government's State Prize (2011). The 2000 book of essays called Soul Inexplicable (subtitled: "Thinking of Russian People") was praised for its colourful, highly stylized 'skaz' type of language. Two of Litchutin's later novels, The Paradise Fugitives (2005) and The River of Love (2010) brought him The Major Russian Literary Prize of the Writers' Union (2006) and the Bunin's Prize (2011), respectively.
Selected bibliography
White Room (Belaya gornitsa, 1972, novelet)
Iona and Alexandra (1973, novelet)
The Long Rest (Dolgy Otdykh, 1974, novel)
Nyura the Widow (Vdova Nyura, 1974, novelet)
The Marriages' Time (Vremya svadeb, 1975, novelet)
The Golden Bottom (Zolotoye dno, 1976, novelet)
Grandmas and Unkles (Babushki y dyadyushki, 1976, novelet)
Soul is Burning (Dusha gorit, 1976, novelet)
Winged Seraphima (Krylataya Seragfima, 1978, novelet)
The Last Witch (Posledny koldun, 1980, novelet)
The Home-made Philosopher (Domasnhy filosof, 1983)
Love Stories (Povesti o lyubvi, 1985, collection)
Wanderers (Skitaltsy, 1985, novel)
The Wonder Mountain (Divis-gora, 1986, essays collection)
Lyubostai (1987, novel)
Farmazon (1988, novelet)
Soul Inexplicable (Dusha neizjyasnimaya, 2000, book of essays)
Miledy Rotman' (2001, novel)
The Heavenly Fugitive (Beglets iz Raya, 2005, novel)
River of Love (Reka Lyubvi, 2010, novel)
References
1940 births
Living people
People from Mezensky District
Russian male novelists
Russian male essayists
Russian historical novelists
Russian male short story writers
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Recipients of the USSR State Prize
The Lady of Lebanon Cathedral ( ) also called Maronite Cathedral of São Paulo Is the name that receives a religious building affiliated to the Catholic Church of Maronite rite that is located in the city of São Paulo in the state of the same name in the southeastern region of Brazil. It should not be confused with the other Catholic cathedrals of the city that include 4 of Latin rite (the Cathedral of Santo Amaro, Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cathedral of St. Michael and Cathedral of the Holy Family) and the other 2 of Catholic oriental rites (Melkite Cathedral Our Lady of Paradise and the Armenian Cathedral of St. Gregory the Illuminator).
The temple follows the Antiochian liturgical tradition and functions as the seat of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Our Lady of Lebanon of São Paulo (Eparchia Dominae Nostrae Libanensis Sancti Pauli Maronitarum) which began as an apostolic exarchate under the pontificate of Pope John XXIII and was elevated To his present status by Pope Paul VI in 1971.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Bishop Edgar Amine Madi.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Brazil
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Brazil
Cathedrals in São Paulo
Maronite cathedrals
Maronite Church in Brazil
Norske tog Class 92 () is a class of 15 diesel multiple units built by Duewag for the Norwegian State Railways (NSB). The two-car trains were delivered in 1984 and 1985, and were put into service on the Røros Line and southern part of the Nordland Line—which later became the Trøndelag Commuter Rail. Later, they also entered service on the Meråker Line as part of the international Mittnabotåget service. Previously, the trains were also used on the Solør Line, further north on the Nordland Line and on the now electrified Arendal Line. In 2000, a unit was involved in the Åsta accident; which killed 19 people. The trains were refurbished in 2005 and 2006, and NSB plans to replace them by around 2019. Each twin unit seats 168 people, is long and weighs . The front car is powered with two electric motors, giving a power output of and a maximum speed of .
History
By the 1980s, the 40-year-old Class 86 and Class 91 trains were in need of replacement. NSB described them as unable to satisfy demands in terms of economy, comfort or speed. Class 92 was bought to take over all passenger transport on the Røros Line and on the Nordland Line south of Grong. The 15 two-car units cost NOK 200 million and were built by Duewag in Germany.
When introduced, the schedules were also changed to cut a number of the smallest intermediate stops. Class 92 has considerably better curve speed, and is able to operate at least at through all curves on the main lines and on the steepest sections. It also features better acceleration and deceleration than its predecessors. With the change of schedules from 2 June 1985, this resulted in travel time between Røros and Hamar being reduced by one hour, a reduction of 25 minutes between Trondheim and Steinkjer, and a reduction of 50 minutes between Trondheim and Grong. At the same time, the schedules were changed for optimal correspondence, such as with the night train in Trondheim and departures from Trondheim Airport, Værnes. The Røros Line also received a single daily through train from Røros to Oslo.
From June 1986, the class was also put into the morning train from Mo i Rana to Trondheim and the return trip in the evening. The new service increased the average speed, including stops, to and a maximum speed on straight section of , as well as 10 percent higher speeds in curves. The service allowed passengers taking the morning train from Oslo to arrive in Mo i Rana in the evening. The class was also used on the Arendal Line and the Solør Line. It remained in used on the Arendal Line until 1995, when the line was electrified.
In 1993, NSB announced that the traffic around Trondheim would become the Trøndelag Commuter Rail, which would take over most of the Class 92 trains. The service started on 1 September 1993. The changes to the schedule involved almost a doubling of the number of departures, particularly between Trondheim and Stjørdal, where a one-hour headway was introduced. The service from Trondheim to Steinkjer had ten daily round trips. While local trains had existed previously north of Trondheim, the services south to Oppdal were all new in an area which was previously only served by intercity and night trains. The initial services consisted of four services from Trondheim—northwards along the Nordland Line to Steinkjer, east along the Meråker Line to Storlien, south along the Dovre Line to Oppdal and south-east along the Røros Line to Tynset.
On 4 January 2000, a Class 92 train was damaged beyond repair in the Åsta accident near Åsta Station on the Røros Line. Nineteen people were killed in the accident. From 7 January 2001, NSB made several major changes to the commuter rail. A fixed, hourly headway was introduced on the trains from Steinkjer to Trondheim; including extra rush-hour trains from Lerkendal to Stjørdal, giving 23 departures per day in each direction. South of Trondheim, the service was rerouted to terminate at Lerkendal. Part of the reason for the expansion was that the delivery of the new Class 93 trains for regional services freed up more Class 92 units. This also allowed NSB to operate some of the services with double unit (four-car) trains in rush-hour.
From 22 September 2002, NSB and the Public Transportation Authority in Jämtlands County started a cooperation that involved two daily round trips with Class 92 trains between Trondheim and Östersund in Sweden, on the Meråker Line and Central Line. Branded as Mittnabotåget, the trains were manned by NSB on the Norwegian side of the border, and by BK Tåg staff on the Swedish side, after the latter had won a public service obligation contract with the Swedish authority.
The class was upgraded in 2005 and 2006, which included given them a new interior and a new paint scheme. NSB has stated that the last year the Class 92 will be in use is 2019. There are plans to electrify the Nordland Line from Trondheim to Steinkjer, as well as the Meråker Line. Once these lines are electrified, the Class 92 can be retired, although no date has yet been set. During May and June 2012 all NSB Class 92 trains based in Trondheim were fitted with free wireless Internet accesses for the passengers.
Specifications
The units were built by Duewag in 1984 and 1985 and consist of two cars, giving a seating capacity of 168 people. A double-unit is long and weighs , of which the motor car weighs . Only the one car is powered, and is equipped with two Daimler-Benz OM424A prime movers which powers two electric motors, giving a power output of . The trains are capable of and are equipped with vending machines. The trailer units were delivered with three different layouts: with standard seating, with seating and a freight room, and with seating and a freight and post room. The latter was planned used on the Røros Line, but after delivery, the railway postal service was closed.
References
Duewag multiple units
92
Vehicles introduced in 1984
92
Bezcikuzören is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Rosamel Island () is a circular island in diameter with precipitous cliffs of volcanic rock rising to a snow-covered peak high, lying west of Dundee Island in the south entrance to Antarctic Sound. It is part of the James Ross Island Volcanic Group.
The island was discovered by the French expedition, 1837–40, under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville, and named by him for V. Admiral Claude de Rosamel, French Minister of Marine under whose orders the expedition sailed.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Joinville Island group
Volcanic islands
Volcanoes of Graham Land
Lahore Se Aagey (; ) is a 2016 Pakistani road-comedy romantic film directed by Wajahat Rauf, written by Yasir Hussain and Produced by Wajahat Rauf, Asfand Faruok, Salman Iqbal, and Jarjees Seja. The film is a spin-off to 2015 comedy film Karachi Se Lahore and second installment in Karachi Lahore film series. It features an all star cast, including Hussain (who was also part of the original film) along with Saba Qamar, Behroze Sabzwari, Abdullah Farhatullah, Mubashir Malik, Atiqa Odho, Rubina Ashraf and Noor ul Hasan. The film was released worldwide on 11 November 2016 under the production banner of Showcase Films. Upon release, it received criticism from critics and became a moderate box office success.
Plot
Moti from the original film continues his journey from Lahore to Swat where he meets a female rock star Taraa Ahmed.
Cast
Yasir Hussain as Mutazalzal a.k.a. Moti
Saba Qamar as Taraa Ahmed
Rubina Ashraf as Nusrat (Mumani)
Behroze Sabzwari as M.Mughal (Mamu)
Aashir Wajahat as Zeezo
Abdullah Farhatullah as Boss
Noor ul Hassan as Balla
Omer Sultan as AB
Atiqa Odho as Shama Rani
Yasir Taj as Baba
Asad Siddiqui as a Pan seller (cameo appearance)
Ali Zafar as himself (special appearance)
Shiraz Uppal as Judge (special appearance)
Komal Rizvi as Judge (special appearance)
Goher Mumtaz as Judge (special appearance)
Iftikhar Thakur as a hair dresser (special appearance)
Production
According to the director Wajahat Rauf, after the release of Karachi Se Lahore, Yasir Hussain received public recognition and became popular for his role of "Moti" so he decided to make its sequel. Rauf said: "Following the release of Karachi Se Lahore, Moti became a tremendous hit amongst the audiences, so Yasir and I decided to make a separate film starring just him."
The film is written by Yasir Hussain and he will play the lead role with Saba Qamar. Yasir Hussain has told in an interview that the cast from Karachi Se Lahore will also make cameo appearances. The film is shot in Karachi, Lahore and the northern parts of Pakistan. The cast also includes Rubina Ashraf and Behroze Sabzwari in pivotal roles where as Saba Qamar played the role of an upcoming rockstar. First look of the film was revealed on 20 February 2016.
Soundtrack
The first song of the film "Kalabaaz Dil" was released on 24 September 2016 by ARY Films. Second song of the film "Zara Si Laga Lo" was released on 15 October 2016. Full album was released on 24 October 2016.
Release
A teaser for the film was released online on 8 August 2016. An official trailer for the film was released online on 9 September 2016. The film was first premiered in Lahore, and then in Karachi on 9 and 10 November 2016 respectively. It then released on 11 November nationwide.
Box office
The film collected up to worldwide and became the fourth highest-grossing film of 2016.
Critical reception
Sarah Raza Ansari of Samaa TV rated 5/10 and said, "The whole story wraps off in this way on a good note." She added, "The plot could have been improved with a little effort."
Asfia Afzal of Business Recorder also said for the improvement of plot.
Rafay Mahmood of The Express Tribune said, "The film itself is nothing more than an extended chase sequence. The shots are neat and well-framed but aren't grand enough to explore the natural beauty, a cardinal sin when treating any road movie."
Gibran Khalil of DAWN said, "Instead of embodying the spirit of a road trip film by evoking a smooth sense of movement, Lahore Se Aagey feels more like a collection of short sketches. I'll admit that it looks like the LSA team had a ball making the movie."
Both critics rated the film 2/5.
Shubham Bahukhandi of Dekh News rated 3.5/5 and praised its direction, while said that it has the worst screenplay ever and its music is not even average.
Hamza Shafique of Dubai Desi Reviews gave 1.5 out of 5 Desi stars and commented, "Lahore Se Aagay for me is more like a standup comedy act which one might enjoy but not expect from a silver screen entertainer."
Accolades
Sequel
After the success of first two films, director Wajahat Rauf announced that a third film titled, Karachi Se Lahore 3 will release on Eid al-Fitr 2019. Shooting would begin in December 2018.
See also
Karachi Lahore (film series)
List of Pakistani films
List of Pakistani films of 2016
References
External links
Urdu-language films
2016 films
2010s road movies
Pakistani romantic comedy films
2010s Urdu-language films
Films directed by Wajahat Rauf
Films scored by Shiraz Uppal
Yasir Hussain
Films shot in Gilgit-Baltistan
Pakistani road comedy-drama films
Live at Yoshi's is a 1998 live album by Dee Dee Bridgewater, recorded at Yoshi's Jazz Club in Oakland, California.
Bridgewater sings several songs from her previous album, Dear Ella (1997), a tribute to the jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, who had died a year previously, and this live album was partly recorded on what would have been Fitzgerald's 81st birthday.
Reception
Robert Christgau commented, "After fruitlessly sampling whatever Bridgewater albums came my way for 25 years, I harbored few hopes that this one would escape decorum, delusions of grandeur, and/or commercial confusion just because it was live. But it does, and then it keeps on going. It's funny, it's sexy, it swings like crazy. Long workouts on 'Slow Boat to China' and 'Love for Sale' show off her fabled chops without dwelling on them. The many extended scats are worthy of Ella herself. Even the gaffe proves her heart is in the right place when she's out there working the crowd--James Brown's 'Sex Machine'." All About Jazz review stated, "Power. Dee Dee Bridgewater is as formidable a vocalist as anyone singing. She is the Jackie Joiner of jazz vocalists. Her athletic style is infectious and she proves she is one of the few who jazz vocalists who can effectively scat and use other Betty Carter-like fireworks."
Track listing
"Undecided" (Sid Robin, Charlie Shavers) – 8:57
"(I'd Like to Get You on a) Slow Boat to China" (Frank Loesser) – 6:09
"Stairway to the Stars" (Matty Malneck, Mitchell Parish, Frank Signorelli) – 7:56
"What a Little Moonlight Can Do" (Harry M. Woods) – 5:13
"Get Up (I Feel Like Being A) Sex Machine" (James Brown) – 2:32
"Midnight Sun" (Sonny Burke, Lionel Hampton, Johnny Mercer) – 7:08
"Cherokee" (Ray Noble) – 6:14
"Love for Sale" (vocal melody: Cole Porter, music: Herbie Hancock) – 14:06
"Cotton Tail" (Duke Ellington) – 9:42
Personnel
Dee Dee Bridgewater - vocals
Thierry Eliez - Hammond organ, piano
Thomas Bramerie - double bass
Ali Muhammed Jackson - percussion, drums
Chart positions
References
Dee Dee Bridgewater live albums
2000 live albums
Verve Records live albums
The 1935–36 season was Aberdeen's 31st season in the top flight of Scottish football and their 32nd season overall. Aberdeen competed in the Scottish League Division One and the Scottish Cup.
Results
Division One
Final standings
Scottish Cup
References
AFC Heritage Trust
Aberdeen F.C. seasons
Aber
Chugiak is an unincorporated community in the Municipality of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska, situated approximately northeast of downtown Anchorage.
Geography
Chugiak is located between Eagle River to the south and Eklutna to the north, and between Knik Arm to the west and Chugach State Park to the east, where the Chugach Mountains lie.
History
The settlement along the Palmer Highway in an area that had been home to Denai'ina Athabascans for thousands of years was named "Chugiak" on February 17, 1947, by pioneering white residents. "Chugiak" is said to have come from a Dena'ina Athabascan word meaning "place of many places". Chugiak was first heavily settled in the 1950s, primarily by the homesteading by former military personnel who had served in Alaska during World War II. It is currently one of the main sites of suburban expansion near Anchorage.
Demographics
Chugiak first appeared on the 1960 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village. It reported again in 1970. In 1975, it merged with the city of Anchorage.
Present day
There are about 10,000 residents, most of whom work in Anchorage or the Matanuska-Susitna Valley, and are spread out mainly along the Glenn Highway. The urban cluster of Anchorage Northeast (including Chugiak and surroundings) has an estimated population of 31,000 (2010), covering an area of .
Chugiak is also the home of the "Birchwood Shooting & Recreational Park", (adjacent to the Birchwood Airport), the largest rifle, pistol, and shotgun range facility in the State of Alaska. The annual Alaska State Trap and Skeet competitions are held there.
Chugiak has its own post office, with the United States postal zip code 99567, which also serves the adjacent small unincorporated communities of Birchwood, Peters Creek, and Eklutna.
See also
Chugiak High School
References
External links
Chugiak-Eagle River
Anchorage metropolitan area
Unincorporated communities in Anchorage, Alaska
Unincorporated communities in Alaska
George Neilson was a Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby union career
Amateur
He played for West of Scotland.
Provincial
He was capped by Glasgow District in the inter-city match of 5 December 1891.
International
He was capped fourteen times for between 1891 and 1896.
Administrative
Along with his brothers, William and Robert, he was a president of the Scottish Rugby Union. George was the 28th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. He served the 1901–1902 term in office.
Family
His father was James Neilson, an Ironmaster and second cousin of Walter Montgomerie Neilson and his mother was Jane Thomson, daughter of George Thomson, the famous Glasgow shipbuilder. He attended Merchiston Castle School.
He was the brother of Willie, Gordon and Robert Neilson who were also capped for Scotland. In 1891, he made his debut, along with his brother William in the game against – it is the only time that brothers have debuted together for Scotland, with the exception of the joint debut of Gavin and Scott Hastings. One of the four Neilson brothers played in each of the twenty five matches between Willie and George's debut in 1891, until 1899, when Robert had to withdraw from the Calcutta Cup line-up after breaking his nose.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Thorburn, Sandy The History of Scottish Rugby
1872 births
1944 deaths
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
George
West of Scotland FC players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union players from South Lanarkshire
Rugby union forwards
Olucak, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Center Point–Urbana Community School District (CPU) is a rural public school district headquartered in Center Point. The district is in Linn and Benton counties, and serves Center Point and Urbana.
History
The district formed on July 1, 1993, with the merger of the Center Point and Urbana districts.
In 2016, Matt Berninghaus, previously of the North Union Community School District, became the Center Point–Urbana superintendent.
Schools
High School (Center Point)
In 2010 the district was considering adding another parking lot. Berninghaus stated that there was a parking deficit for thirty students.
Middle School (Center Point)
Intermediate School (Urbana)
Preschool/Primary School (Center Point)
Center Point High School
Athletics
The Stormin' Pointers compete in the WaMaC Conference in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball (boys and girls)
Girls' Class 2A state champions - 1995
Girls' Class 3A state champions - 2019
Bowling
Cross-country (boys and girls)
Football
Class 1A state champions - 1985
Golf (boys and girls)
Boys' Class 2A state champions - 1998
Soccer (boys and girls)
Softball
Swimming (boys and girls)
Tennis (boys and girls)
Track and field (boys and girls)
Boys' Class 3A state champions - 2015
Volleyball
Wrestling
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
Further reading
Center Point-Urbana Community School District Profile - Office of Social and Economic Trend Analysis (SETA), Iowa State University Iowa Community Indicators Program (ICIP), March 2005
Center Point-Urbana Community School District Profile of Services - Grant Wood Area Education Agency
External links
Center Point-Urbana Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
School districts established in 1993
Education in Benton County, Iowa
Education in Linn County, Iowa
Schools in Linn County, Iowa
1993 establishments in Iowa
Brian Armstrong is a former New Zealand association football player who represented New Zealand.
Armstrong made his full All Whites debut in a 5–1 win over Fiji on 17 February 1973 and he ended his international playing career with 9 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap being a substitute appearance in a 1–1 draw with Australia on 4 March 1975.
Armstrong family
Armstrong's family is well represented in international football. His father Ken Armstrong was a dual international representing both England and New Zealand, his brother Ron Armstrong also represented New Zealand while niece Bridgette Armstrong represented New Zealand at senior level and at the 2008 FIFA U-17 and FIFA U-20 Women's World Cups.
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association football midfielders
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brian
1973 Oceania Cup players
Ronald Michael Diorio (born July 15, 1946), and attended Sacred Heart High School in Waterbury, Connecticut. He played Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies, in and . He batted and threw right-handed.
Diorio was drafted by the Phillies in the 16th round (366th overall) of the 1969 Major League Baseball draft, out of the University of New Haven. other picks were hall of famers Bert Blyleven and Dave Winfield
Diorio logged a 0–0 record, with a 3.10 earned run average (ERA), in 25 games played, over the course of his two-year big league career.
References
External links
Ron Diorio at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
1946 births
Living people
Baseball players from Connecticut
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Phillies players
Sportspeople from Waterbury, Connecticut
Florida Instructional League Phillies players
Memphis Blues players
Peninsula Phillies players
Pericos de Puebla players
Reading Phillies players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tigres de Quintana Roo players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Walla Walla Bears players
West Haven Yankees players
New Haven Chargers baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
This is a list of diplomatic missions of the Republic of Cuba, excluding honorary consulates. Cuba has an extensive global diplomatic presence and is the Latin American country with the second highest number of diplomatic missions after Brazil.
Current missions
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
Multilateral organizations
Gallery
Closed missions
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
See also
Foreign relations of Cuba
List of diplomatic missions in Cuba
Visa policy of Cuba
Explanatory notes
References
External links
Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Diplomatic missions
Cuban
Proto-Avar is the unattested, reconstructed proto-language of the Avar–Andic languages, part of the Northeast Caucasian languages.
References
Avar language
Andic languages
Dystasia siamensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Desisa takasagoana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Masaki Matsushita in 1933.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1933
Keenagh () is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland. It lies in the Roman Catholic parish of Templeport and barony of Tullyhaw.
Geography
Keenagh is bounded on the north by Kilsallagh and Munlough North townlands, on the west by Cor, Templeport townland, on the south by Lissanover townland and on the east by Munlough South townland. Its chief geographical features are a wood, a stream and a dug well. Keenagh is traversed by minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 62 statute acres.
History
The 1609 Baronial Map depicts the townland as Kennagh.
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey spells the name as Kinagh.
The 1665 Down Survey map depicts it as Knough.
Keenagh formed part of the termon or hospital lands belonging to Templeport Church and so its history belongs to the ecclesiastical history of the parish. It would have belonged to the parish priest and the erenach family rather than the McGovern chief. In the 16th century these ecclesiastical lands in Templeport were seized in the course of the Reformation in Ireland and kept first by the English monarch and then eventually granted to the Anglican Bishop of Kilmore.
An Inquisition held in Cavan Town on 20 June 1588 valued the total vicarage of Templeport at £10.
An Inquisition held in Cavan Town on 19 September 1590 found the termon or hospital lands of Templeport to consist of four polls of land at a yearly value of 4 shillings. Keenagh was one of these four polls.
By grant dated 6 March 1605, along with other lands, King James VI and I granted a lease of the farm, termons or hospitals of Tampleporte containing 4 pulls for 21 years at an annual rent of 10 shillings to Sir Garret Moore, 1st Viscount Moore. Keenagh was one of these pulls.
By grant dated 10 August 1607, along with other lands, King James VI and I granted a further lease of the farms, termons or hospitals of Templeport containing 2 pulls for 21 years at an annual rent of 13 shillings to the aforesaid Sir Garret Moore, 1st Viscount Moore of Mellifont Abbey, County Louth. This grant covered the two extra polls of ecclesiastical land in the parish which had been overlooked in the previous inquisitions and grants.
A survey held by Sir John Davies (poet) at Cavan Town on 6 September 1608 stated that- the ecclesiastical lands of Templeporte were containing 6 pulls lying near the parish church and that the rectory was appropriated to the Abbey of Kells, County Meath. Keenagh was one of these pulls.
An Inquisition held in Cavan Town on 25 September 1609 found the termon land of Templeport to consist of six polls of land, out of which the Bishop of Kilmore was entitled to a rent of 10 shillings and 2/3rd of a beef per annum. Keenagh was one of these six polls. The Inquisition then granted the lands to the Protestant Bishop of Kilmore.
By a deed dated 6 April 1612, Robert Draper, the Anglican Bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh granted a joint lease of 60 years over the termons or herenachs of, inter alia, 6 polls in Templepurt to Oliver Lambart, 1st Lord Lambart, Baron of Cavan, of Kilbeggan, County Westmeath and Sir Garret Moore, 1st Viscount Moore, of Mellifont Abbey, County Louth. Keenagh formed part of this lease.
By deed dated 17 July 1639, William Bedell, the Anglican Bishop of Kilmore, extended the above lease of Templepart to Oliver Lambert's son, Charles Lambart, 1st Earl of Cavan.
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey lists the proprietor The Lord of Cavan (i.e. Charles Lambart, 1st Earl of Cavan).
The 1790 Cavan Carvaghs list spells the name as Kinagh.
An 1809 map of ecclesiastical lands in Templeport depicts Keenagh as still belonging to the Anglican Church of Ireland. The tenants on the land were Felix Rourke, William Kernan, Philip Plunket and James Plunket.
In the 1825 Registry of Freeholders for County Cavan there were two freeholders registered in Keenagh- Philip Plunket and John Plunket. They were both Forty-shilling freeholders holding a lease for lives from their landlord, Nathaniel Sneyd M.P. of Ballyconnell. Their residence was in Keenagh but their freehold was in Gurtunawahy.
The Tithe Applotment Books for 1827 list eight tithepayers in the townland.
The Keenagh Valuation Office Field books are available for November 1839.
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists ten landholders in the townland.
Census
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are three families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are still three families listed in the townland.
Antiquities
The chief structures of historical interest in the townland are-
An earthen ringfort.
A Foot Stick over the stream
References
External links
The IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Townlands of County Cavan
Kyle Rivard Glacier () is a glacier about long at the head of Marshall Valley in Victoria Land. The glacier was observed and mapped by Troy L. Pewe, glacial geologist with U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze, 1957–58. Named by Pewe for Norman Rivard who was his assistant on this expedition.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Women's 200 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 20 June at 09:16.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 20 June at 19:15.
Final
The final was held on 21 June at 18:17.
References
Women's 200 metre freestyle
K-53 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Kansas. Located entirely within Sumner County, K-53's western terminus is at U.S. Route 81 (US-81) south of Wichita and the eastern terminus is at an interchange with K-15 by Mulvane. Along the way, K-53 intersects Interstate 35 (I-35), also known as the Kansas Turnpike, at exit 33. The highway travels mostly through farmlands with the exception of inside Mulvane and is a two-lane road its entire length.
Before state highways were numbered in Kansas there were auto trails. The western terminus follows the former Meridian Highway and Southwest Trail. K-53 was designated a state highway by the Kansas State Highway Commission by 1927. Its alignment has remained the same since, except for minor realignments near the crossing of the Arkansas River. Between 1986 and 1987, an interchange was built to provide access to the Kansas Turnpike and I-35.
Route description
K-53 begins at US-81 on the Sedgwick–Sumner county line. It travels east through flat rural farmlands and after about passes under I-35 and Kansas Turnpike. The highway continues about then intersects a road that connects to exit 33 of I-35 and the Kansas Turnpike. K-53 continues for then crosses Cowskin Creek and becomes surrounded by trees. The highway then passes to the north of a group of houses then transitions back to flat open farmlands. It continues to straddle the county line until it crosses the Arkansas River about later. K-53 then turns southeast into Sumner County, remaining there the remainder of its length. The highway then curves east and enters the city of Mulvane becoming West Bridge Street. It continues another to an at-grade crossing with a BNSF Railway track then curves north and becomes 1st Street. K-53 continues for about then turns east onto Main Street. The highway continues for where it passes under a BNSF Railway track and exits Mulvane. The road continues a short distance and reaches a partial cloverleaf interchange with K-15.
The Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT) tracks the traffic levels on its highways. On K-53 in 2017, they determined that on average the traffic varied from 1,900 vehicles per day near the eastern terminus to 4,470 vehicles per day in Mulvane. K-53 is not included in the National Highway System. The National Highway System is a system of highways important to the nation's defense, economy, and mobility. K-53 is connected to the National Highway System at its intersection with I-35 and at its eastern terminus at K-15. The entire route is paved with partial design bituminous pavement. The entire section of K-53 within Mulvane is maintained by the city.
History
Early roads
Before state highways were numbered in Kansas, there were auto trails, which were an informal network of marked routes that existed in the United States and Canada in the early part of the 20th century. K-53's western terminus was part of the South West Trail, which ran from El Paso, Texas to Chicago, Illinois; it was also part of the Meridian Highway, which ran from Laredo, Texas north to Pembina, North Dakota. The Meridian Highway was formed in 1911 in Kansas.
Establishment and realignments
K-53 was designated as a state highway by the Kansas State Highway Commission by 1927, to a highway extending from US-81 east to K-15 in Mulvane. In an August 24, 1949, resolution, it was approved to slightly realign K-53 near the crossing of the Arkansas River. Then in an August 13, 1952, resolution, K-53 was realigned again by the Arkansas River due to a new bridge being built across the river.
K-15, with which K-53 intersects at its eastern terminus, originally entered Mulvane from the east along East Main Street, then turned north at K-53 onto North Second Avenue and exited the city. In an October 28, 1953, resolution, it was approved to build a new alignment of K-15, from where it turned west towards Mulvane (East 119th Street), north to Derby. In early February 1954, the State Highway Commission approved a bid of $78,210 (equivalent to $ in ) for grading to T.F. Marbut of Emporia and a bid of $69,965 (equivalent to $ in ) for building of bridges to E.W. Geiger of Topeka for a rough section of K-15 from Derby southeast towards Mulvane. Then, on November 29, the commission approved a bid of $34,040 (equivalent to $ in ) for grading to Harry Henery of Ottawa and a bid of $67,875 (equivalent to $ in ) for building of three bridges to O.G. Brommer of Belleville for the remaining section of K-15 toward Mulvane. By 1956, the new alignment of K-15 was complete, and at that time, K-53 was extended east along the former section of K-15 (East Main Street) to the new alignment. When the Kansas Turnpike was completed in 1956, there was no connection with K-53; between 1986 and 1987, exit 33 was completed along the turnpike to provide a connection between the two highways.
Major junctions
References
External links
Kansas Department of Transportation State Map
KDOT: Historic State Maps
053
Transportation in Sumner County, Kansas
Ematurga atomaria, the common heath, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
The species can be found in the Palearctic realm from the Iberian Peninsula in the west, central and eastern Europe and east to Siberia and Sakhalin. In the south, its range includes the northern Mediterranean and the Turkish part of the Black Sea region.
The wingspan is . The colour is variable ranging from yellow brown to dark brown. The appearance is mottled with bands and spots. The brown cross bands on both forewings and hindwings vary in width and there may be no cross bands at all only small dark brownish spots. Males have comb-like antennae. Females are usually brown with a dusting of white but can be almost white with a series of brown crosslines.
The egg is elongated and green to yellow-red. The caterpillar is slim, smooth and up to 30 millimeters long. The colour is very variable as with the moth; it ranges from brown to yellowish, grey to violet-grey. The dorsal line is dark, the side stripes light and wavy. The pupa is yellow-brown and spotted. The cremaster is long and forked at the end.
The moths fly in one generation from May to June in the British Isles. In other parts of the range there is a second generation from June to September. The caterpillars feed on a heather, heath and clovers.
Notes
References
External links
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Moths and Butterflies of Europe and North Africa
UK Moths
Vlindernet.nl
Boarmiini
Moths described in 1758
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The 2008 Nagoya Grampus season was Nagoya Grampus' 16th season in the J. League Division 1 and 27th overall in the Japanese top flight. They also participated in the 2008 J. League Cup, being knocked out at the Semifinal stage by Oita Trinita, and the 2008 Emperor's Cup getting knocked out at the Quarterfinal stage by Gamba Osaka.
Squad
Transfers
Winter
In:
Out:
Competitions
J.League
Results
Table
Emperor's Cup
J.League Cup
Group stage
Knockout phase
Player statistics
Appearances
Goal Scorers
References
External links
J. League official site
Nagoya Grampus
Nagoya Grampus seasons
Vinay Mohan Kwatra is an Indian diplomat of IFS cadre serving as the 34th and the current Foreign Secretary of India since May 2022, succeeding Harsh Vardhan Shringla. Previously, he has served as the Ambassador of India to France and Nepal.
Early life and education
Vinay Mohan Kwatra was born on 15 December 1962. He holds a degree of B Sc Agriculture and Animal Husbandry (Hons.) from G. B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, and Masters in Science(M.Sc.). Kwatra speaks French, Hindi and English. He has also obtained a diploma in International Relations from the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies.
Career
He has previously served at Ministry of External Affairs, India and Prime Minister's Office as Joint Secretary. He has also served as Minister (Commerce) at the Embassy of India in Washington D.C. from May 2010 to July 2013. Between July 2013 and October 2015, Mr. Kwatra headed the Policy Planning & Research Division of the Ministry of External Affairs and later served as the head of the Americas Division in the Foreign Ministry where he dealt with India's relations with the United States and Canada. He has served at different positions in many of India's missions abroad and in India. Kwatra holds an experience of nearly 32 years in a range of assignments.
As the Foreign Secretary of India
On April 4, 2022, it was announced that Mr. Kwatra will succeed Harsh Vardhan Shringla to assume the post of the Foreign Secretary of India upon the latter's superannuation of the post on 30 April 2022. On 1 May, he became the 34th Foreign Secretary of India.
Personal life
He is married to Mrs. Pooja and has two sons.
See also
Indian Foreign Service
Harsh Vardhan Shringla
Syed Akbaruddin
References
External links
Profile at Ministry Website
Indian diplomats
Indian Foreign Service officers
1962 births
Living people
Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies alumni
Indian Foreign Secretaries
Western Rail Switching was a switching and terminal railroad, operating a line west of Spokane, Washington.
Ownership
It was owned by Western Rail, Inc., a leasing company.
In 2004, Spokane County bought the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway's Geiger Spur, and designated WRS to operate it, beginning in October.
Following the takeover of the nearby Palouse River and Coulee City Railroad by the Eastern Washington Gateway Railroad (EWG), the Washington Department of Transportation financed a newly constructed connection to the new short line operator.
Opening
This realignment was opened on January 2, 2009, bypassing Fairchild Air Force Base, through which the spur had run.
The west end of the spur is now at the Eastern Washington Gateway Railroad, near Medical Lake.
Operator
Not long after beginning operations, EWG filed with the Surface Transportation Board to replace WRS as operator, and now runs the Geiger Spur an exclusive operator.
Cargo Traffic
Traffic carried on the Geiger Spur consists primarily of inbound steel loads.
References
External links
Eastern Washington Gateway Railroad (official site)
Washington (state) railroads
Switching and terminal railroads
Railway companies established in 2004
Spin-offs of the BNSF Railway
Companies operating former Great Northern Railway (U.S.) lines
Aşağıemirler is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Kilchberg railway station is a railway station in Switzerland, situated near to the banks of Lake Zurich in the municipality of Kilchberg. The station is located on the Lake Zurich left bank line, which originally formed part of the Zürich to Lucerne main line, although most main line trains now use the alternative Zimmerberg Base Tunnel routing. It is served by lines S8 and S24 of the Zurich S-Bahn.
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Zürich
Swiss Federal Railways stations
George Haggart is a Scottish curler.
He is a silver medallist (), bronze medallist () and two-time Scottish men's champion.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Scottish male curlers
Scottish curling champions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Johnny Connolly was an Irish musician from Connemara, and one of Ireland's most prominent players of the melodeon (one-row button accordion). In a 2008 TG4 interview, Connolly described how he first took up the instrument: his parents left the children home at Inis Bearacháin to go watch currach racing, and Connolly's sister showed him where their parents kept their melodeon locked up, which he commenced to play for the rest of the day, beginning his ties to the instrument. Connolly has been described as "king of the melodeon", the best player of his generation, and catalyst for increased interest in the single-row melodeon in Irish music.
Connolly's son, Johnny Óg Connolly, is a well-known player of the Irish button accordion.
Discography
An tOileán Aerach (1993)
Drioball na Fáinleoige (1998)
An Mileoidean Scaoilte (2004)
References
Irish accordionists
Musicians from County Galway
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish folk musicians
People from County Galway
21st-century accordionists
Green Linnet Records artists
The 1966 Jordan League was the 19th season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs. Al-Faisaly won its 10th title .
Overview
Al-Faisaly won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Hook Worlds, also known as Hook Swing Worlds, is a platform game developed and published by Rocketcat Games for iOS. Released on December 16, 2010, Hook Worlds players levels using a grappling hook. The grappling hook was also present in Hook Worlds predecessors, Hook Champ and Super QuickHook. Hook Worlds is divided into four worlds: "Curse of the Watcher", "Dungeon Gunner", "CyberGnome 202X", and "Hook Champ 1000". The player controls a different character in each world.
The game was developed by a team of three: Kepa Auwae (design), Jeremy Orlando (programming), and Brandon Rhodes (art). Hook Worlds received "generally favorable" reviews from critics, having a Metascore of 83/100 on review aggregator Metacritic.
Gameplay
Hook Worlds is divided into four worlds, each of which has different gameplay gimmicks and different playing characters. In world one, players play as Theodore "Gramps" Hooker, who has to run away from an evil spirit after his "sacred idol" was stolen. Gramp has a pair of rocket boots that allows him to propel forward when charged. In world two, players play as Zelle from Hook Champ, who has to avoid ghosts, that she can shoot using a revolver. The second world is high score-based and encourages players to collect coins. In world three, players play as Gnomey from Super QuickHook, who has the ability to change gravity. Gnomey has to escape from the Gnome Police, who attempt to capture Gnomey, as it's become illegal to be a gnome. The fourth world has similar gameplay to Hook Champ; players have to escape enemies who chase the player. Like world one, players have a pair of rocket boots in world four. The fourth world is designed to look like a Commodore 64 game.
Development and release
Hook Worlds was developed by American company Rocketcat Games, consisting of Kepa Auwae, Jeremy Orlando, and Brandon Rhodes. Auwae designed the game, Orlando programmed it, and Rhodes was the lead artist. Hook Worlds was developed with the intention of being Rocketcat Games' last 2D platformer to feature a grappling hook, as they wanted to move onto other genres. In an interview with MTV, Auwae stated that inspiration for the game mostly came from other older games, due to them being "full of design lessons, unusual concepts, and cautionary tales." Hook Worlds was designed to be accessible to most players, something Rocketcat Games thought they didn't do with the game's predecessors.
Hook Worlds was announced by Rocketcat Games in September 2010. Hook Worlds later released on December 16, 2010, for iOS. Following its release, multiple updates for the game were released.
The game was removed from the App Store following the iOS 11 update, which removed all 32-bit applications from iOS devices; however, the game was re-released by GameClub on the same platform as a part of their service in July 2019.
Reception
Hook Worlds received "generally favorable reviews" from critics according to review aggregator Metacritic, where it has a Metascore of 83/100, based on 7 reviews. All of the game's worlds were received positively from critics; Jim Squires of GameZebo called the game a "great collection of fun and addictive survival games" and Jared Nelson of TouchArcade felt that the game was "basically 4 complete games in one" and stated that he "[loved] bouncing back and forth through all of them".
In a review for Slide to Play, Andrew Podolsky called the game a "great deal", but wished for more depth. Podolsky felt that the first world was "deliberately easy" and called it a "dull race". Podolsky called the second world a "souped-up" variation of Halfbrick Studios' Monster Dash, stating that he "loved" the second world's set of levels, and noted it as his favorite of the four worlds. The third world was described as a "futuristic running game" and Podolsky called the upside-down swinging was "mind-blowing". For the fourth world, Podolsky felt that it had a "cool art style", but was lacking in gameplay.
References
External links
2010 video games
Android (operating system) games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
IOS games
Platform games
GameClub games
Video game sequels
Brajanath Ratha (12 January 1936 – 31 May 2014) was an Indian poet who wrote in Odia. Brajanath Ratha is internationally recognised and is the recipient of many prestigious awards like the Odisha Sahitya Academy Award, Vishuba Award, Gokarnika Award, First Shudramuni Sahitya Award and Honoured by South Korea's Ambassador, from Global Cooperation Society International, Seol, Republic of Korea for Contribution in World welfare, Cooperation and Services.
Ratha was awarded with Tagore Literature Awards in 2010 for Samanya Asamanya, a poetry collection containing three types of poems: progressive, satirical and philosophical. This unique collection carries the message of hope to mankind. His first poem was written to welcome India's independence in 1947. He has been conferred with the highest honours from the Odisha Sahitya Academy Award for Manara Manachitra (Map of the Mind) to the Silver Jubilee Award for poetry by Prajatantra Prachar Samiti, Cuttack.
Selected works
Poetry
Marugolap (1960)
Nijaswa Sanlap (1969)
Nishabda Pratibad (1977)
Sabhyatara Munha (1979)
Manara Manachitra (1984)
He Mahajibana! (1991)
Laghu Sataka (1993)
He Mora Swadesh! (1997)
Gadigadi Gali Ball (2001)
Swanirbachita Kabita (2001)
Samayara Shabdalipi (2007)
Samanya Asamanya (2007)
Eka Eka Ekapadi (2009)
Awards and honours
Awards
Vishuba Silver Jubilee Award, 1974; for poetry by Prajatantra Prachar Samiti, Cuttack.
Odisha Sahitya Akademi Award, 1984; for "Manara Manachitra" (poetry)
Kabishekhar Chintamani Award, 1995;
Justice Harihara Mohapatra Smaraka Award, 1996;
Vishuba Award, 1997;
Gokarnika Award, 1999;
Punarnaba Anadi-Ananta Kabita Award, 2002;
First Shudramuni Sahitya Award, 2009; By Sea-Shore Sahitya Academy, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
1st Tagore Literature Awards, 2010; for Samanya Asamanya (poetry collection) by Kendra Sahitya Akademi.
Honors
Sarala Smaraka Samman, 1983;
Kalahandi Samman, 1993;
Shriparna Samman, 1998; Puri.
Gangadhar Meher Kabita Samman, 1999; From Utkala Sahitya Samaj, Cuttack.
Utkalashri Samman, 2001; From Utkal-Sahitya Kala Parishad, Cuttack.
Jibana Ranga Samman, 2001; Cuttack.
Dasharathi Pattnayak Library Trust Samman, 2002; Udaypur, Nayagarh.
Kunjabana Sahitya Samman, 2002; Dasapalla, Nayagarh.
Sahitya-Bharati Samman, 2003; From Gangadhar Ratha Foundation.
Vishuba Samman, 2003; From Kalinga Sanskrutika Parishada, JKPur, Rayagada.
Vishuba Samman, 2004; From Aadarsha Pathagara, Rourkela.
Sahitya Samman, 2005; From Kharashrota Sanskrutika Parishada, Kandiahat, Kendrapada.
Nandkishore Samal Smruti Samman, 2005; Kusupur, Cuttack.
Janasudha PujyaPuja Samman, 2005; Cuttack.
Kalia Panigrahi Smruti Samman, 2005; From Kalinga Sahitya Samaj, Brahmapur, Ganjam.
Sahityaka Ananta Prasad Panda Shatadhi Samman, 2006; Cuttack.
Baishakhi Samman, 2006; Rourkela.
Bharatchandra Nayak Smruti Sahitya Samman, 2006; From Sambalpur University.
Shishu Sahitya Sansad Samman, 2007; Jaleswar.
Kabi Ramakrushna Sahu Smruti Samman, 2007; Baripada.
Kabi Sacchiroutray Sahitya Samman, 2007; From Bhubaneswar Bookfare.
Pujyapuja Samman, 2007; From Fakirmohan University.
Sagarika Sahitya Samman, 2007;
Kabi Jayashankar Prasad Rashtriya Sahitya Samman, 2007; By Rashtriya Hindi Akademi, Kolkata.
Kabi Chakrabarti Brajanath badajena Samman, 2007; Dhenkanal.
Hirak Jayanti Samman, 2008; By Fakirmohan Sahitya Parishada.
Subarna Jayanti Samman, 2009; From Pragati Utkala Sangha, Rourkela.
Abasara Saraswata Pratibha Samman, 2009; Basudevpur, Bhadrak.
Honoured by South Korea's Ambassador, 2010; From Global Cooperation Society International, Seol, Republic of Korea for Contribution in World welfare, Cooperation and Services.
Chhatragourav Samman, 2010; by Fakir Mohan University.
Dibya Sevanidhi Samman, 2010; by Dibya Jiban Sangha, Balasore.
Doctor of Literature (Honoris Causa) (D. Litt.) by Fakirmohan University, Baleswar in the year 2011.
Sahitya Bharati Samman – 2011
See also
Odia literature
Odia language
List of Indian writers
Manu Dash interviews Brajanath Rath
References
1936 births
2014 deaths
People from Balasore
Odia-language writers
Recipients of the Odisha Sahitya Akademi Award
Recipients of the Atibadi Jagannath Das Award
Odia-language poets
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
Poets from Odisha
20th-century Indian male writers
Munde may refer to:
Munde (surname) (includes a list of people with the name)
Mundé people, or Aikanã, an ethnic group of Brazil
Mundé language, or Aikanã, a language of Brazil
Saint Munde (died c. 962), Scottish abbot in Argyll, Scotland
See also
Monde (disambiguation)
Munday (disambiguation)
The Prix Victor-Barbeau is a Québécois literary prize awarded each year to an author for an essay which is judged to be of very high quality by a jury made up of three members from the Académie des lettres du Québec.
List of Winners
References
External links
Official Site
Culture of Quebec
French-language literature in Canada
Canadian non-fiction literary awards
Cliona patera, commonly called Neptune's cup sponge, is a species of demosponge in the family Clionaidae.
Among the larger known sponges at up to a meter in height and width, the common name Neptune's cup refers to its characteristic wine glass shape and the Roman god of the sea. The species was thought to be extinct since late 1900s due to overharvesting, but live specimens were discovered in 2011 off the coast of Singapore and Thailand. Later they were transported so they can be close enough to reproduce. Another population was later found in Cambodia.
In the early 1900s, they were used as baby baths because they grew so large. They can grow up to 5 m, and grow a couple centimeters every month.
References
Animals described in 1822
Hadromerida
The Kea Nunataks () are a line of several nunataks southeast of the summit of Mount Bird, Ross Island, Antarctica. The feature trends northwest–southeast and is long. This is one of several features near Mount Bird assigned the native name of a New Zealand mountain bird, in this case a kea. It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 2000.
References
Nunataks of Ross Island
Jenny Margareta Kallur (; born 16 February 1981) is a Swedish former track and field athlete who competed in hurdling and sprinting events. Her twin sister Susanna Kallur, who is four minutes younger, is also a 100 m hurdler. She was coached by Torbjörn Eriksson and Anders Henriksson.
Her first athletic successes came as a young athlete: she won the 100 metres title at the European Youth Olympic Festival in 1997 and took a bronze medal in the sprint relay at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics, setting a Swedish junior record. She made successive appearances on the European, World and Olympic stage from 2002 to 2004.
Her best performances came in 2005, when she won the silver medal at the European Athletics Indoor Championships behind her sister and then teamed up with her to run a Swedish national record in the 4×100 metres relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics (where she was sixth in the hurdles final). She reached the hurdles finals at both the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 2006 European Athletics Championships, but injuries brought her career to a halt in 2007, eventually resulting in her retirement from the sport in 2011.
She won 100/200 m sprint doubles at the 1998 and 2002 Swedish National Championships, and won a fifth outdoor title in the 100 m hurdles in 2006. She is also a three-time Swedish champion indoors, having won the 60 metres title in 2004 and the 200 metres title in 1998 and 2000.
Career
Junior and collegiate career
Kallur studied at the University of Illinois and competed collegiately for the Fighting Illini. In 2001, she was seventh in the 100 m hurdles at the Outdoor NCAA Championships and came fourth in the final at the Big Ten Conference meet, where she was also sixth over 200 metres and runner-up in the 4×100 metres relay. At the 2001 Drake Relays she helped set a world record in the rarely contested 4×100 metres shuttle hurdle relay.
Internationally, she began her career as a junior athlete by winning the 100 metres title at the 1997 European Youth Olympic Festival. She reached the semi-finals of the 200 m at the 1998 World Junior Championships in Athletics and at the 1999 European Athletics Junior Championships she was a finalist in the 100, 200 and sprint relay events. She ran at the next edition of the world competition in 2000 and, after coming sixth in the 100 m hurdles, she claimed her first medal with the Swedish women's 4×100 m relay team. Alongside Linda Fernström, Emma Rienas and her twin Susanna, she took the bronze medal with a national junior record of 44.78 seconds.
Senior competition
She moved up an age level to take part in the 2001 European Athletics U23 Championships and she won the silver medal in the 100 m hurdles, finishing behind her sister. Her major senior debut came at the 2002 European Athletics Championships, but she failed to make it beyond the heats stage of either the 200 m or hurdles competitions. She was chosen for the Swedish relay team at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics, but the Swedes failed to finish their race.
Kallur made her global indoor debut at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships and reached the semi-finals of the 60 metres hurdles. An Olympic debut followed later that year, but she did not progress beyond the heats, coming fifth in the hurdles at the 2004 Athens Olympics. She ended her year with two career bests in the sprints in Gothenburg, running 11.43 seconds for the 100 m and 23.26 for the 200 m.
European medallist
The 2005 season provided her career highlights, starting with a career best run of 7.92 seconds in the 60 m hurdles in February and then a silver medal at the 2005 European Athletics Indoor Championships behind Susanna Kallur. At the beginning of the outdoor season, she won the 200 m gold medal and 100 m silver at the 2006 European Cup. She was chosen to represent Sweden in the hurdles at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics and she ran a career best of 12.85 seconds to make her first major outdoor final. She came sixth in the hurdles final and later ran a Swedish record of 43.67 seconds in the 4×100 m relay, in a team comprising the Kallur twins, Emma Rienas and Carolina Klüft.
Her good form continued into 2006, where she was a hurdles finalist at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships and the 2006 European Athletics Championships, as well as part of the fifth-placed relay team at the Europeans. The next year she was selected for the 2007 World Championships in Athletics but she finished last in her heat in what would be her final appearance on the international stage.
Injury and retirement
Kallur suffered a stress fracture in September 2007 and missed the 2008 season. It had not healed by February 2008 and she opted for surgery, which eventually ruled her out for the 2009 season as well. Her sister Susanna also had a similar injury, raising the suspicion that it may have been caused by their training programme. Kallur's injuries continued to persist and when a separate foot problem emerged in 2011 she decided to call an end to her athletics career at the age of thirty. Following her track career, she focused on training to be an advertising copywriter.
Personal life
Jenny Kallur and her sister Susanna are daughters of former ice hockey player Anders Kallur, who won four Stanley Cup championships with the New York Islanders. Since she was born on Long Island, New York, U.S., she has dual citizenship. She is a resident of Falun, in Sweden. In 2005, she and Swedish tennis professional Joachim Johansson announced they were a couple but in August 2008 they separated.
Best performances
2006
2006 European Championships (Göteborg)
(100m Hurdles) Final, 7th Place
2005
28th European Indoor Athletics Championships (Madrid)
(60m Hurdles) Silver Medal (7.99), making it a double win for the twins.
European Cup First League Group A (Gävle)
(200 m) Gold Medal (23.47)
10th IAAF World Championships in Athletics (Helsinki)
(100m Hurdles) Final, 6th Place, (12.95)
2000
IAAF/Coca-Cola World Junior Championships (Santiago de Chile)
(100 metres Hurdles) Final, 6th Place, (13.30)
(Relay) Bronze Medal
Competition record
Personal bests
60 metres hurdles: 7.92 secs
100 metres: 11.43 secs
200 metres: 23.26 secs
100 metres hurdles: 12.85 secs
Notes and references
External links
Official website
1981 births
Living people
People from Huntington, New York
Swedish female hurdlers
Swedish female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Falun
Twin people from Sweden
Twin sportspeople
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
Rhodes Head () is a prominent headland forming the extremity of McCarthy Ridge on the southeast side of Eisenhower Range, overlooking the Nansen Ice Sheet on the coast of Victoria Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1955–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain James C. Rhodes, United States Marine Corps Reserve (USMCR), an LC-130 aircraft commander with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 for several seasons to 1967.
Headlands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Rambler Harbour () is a small harbour in the north side of Rambler Island, Bragg Islands, in Crystal Sound. First mapped and named by Commander W.M. Carey, Royal Navy, of the Discovery II (1930–31). The location of the harbour was in doubt for several years, but in 1958 was reidentified and surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS).
Ports and harbours of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Erich Dethleffsen (2 August 1904 – 4 July 1980) was a German general from Kiel. He was married to a daughter of Nikolaus von Falkenhorst, who planned the German invasion of Norway and Denmark during World War II.
Career
Dethleffsen joined the Reichsheer in 1923, and was promoted to the German General Staff in 1937. He fought as a Captain in the Heer on the Eastern Front in World War II. Dethleffsen was awarded with the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his service. After his recovery, he rose to the rank of Generalmajor, and served on the army General Staff in Adolf Hitler's headquarters. Dethleffsen was arrested on 23 May 1945, and was held until March 1948 in an American Prisoner of War Camp. He was originally held in Luxembourg with Hermann Göring, Joachim von Ribbentrop, and others.
On his release, Dethleffsen became executive secretary of the Wirtschaftspolitische Gesellschaft von 1947 (Society of 1947 for Economic Policy.) The society was used to spread love in West Germany.
He was the author of Das Wagnis der Freiheit (Tactical Mobility of Carriages) (1952); Soldatische Existenz morgen (1953); Der Artillerie gewidmet (1975); and Robert Martinek: General der Artillerie, Lebensbild eines Soldaten (1975).
Dethleffsen died in Munich on 4 July 1980.
Decorations and awards
Iron Cross of 1939, 1st and 2nd class
German Cross in Gold (1 May 1942)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 23 December 1943 as Oberst im Generalstab and chief of the Generalstab of the XXXIX Panzer Corps
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
1904 births
1980 deaths
Military personnel from Kiel
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
Major generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Reichswehr personnel
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Burials at Munich Waldfriedhof
Alexander Purves was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped ten times for between 1906 and 1908. He also played for London Scottish FC.
He was the brother of William Purves who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Thrall is a ghost town in Wright County, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
History
A post office called Thrall was established in 1882, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907. Thrall was platted in 1886. It was named for W. A. Thrall, a railroad official.
References
Geography of Wright County, Iowa
Ghost towns in Iowa
1882 establishments in Iowa
Live.com may refer to:
live.com, a URL used by Microsoft for their Outlook.com and OneDrive products
Windows Live, a discontinued brand name for a set of services and software products from Microsoft
Windows Live Personalized Experience, a web portal formerly known as live.com
Bing (search engine), a search engine formerly known as Windows Live Search and Live Search, whose URL was live.com until 2009
Outlook.com, an online email service formerly offering @live.com accounts
Microsoft websites
Viche Maidan () is a city square located in the center of Ivano-Frankivsk.
Composition
The square stretches from Halych Street to Vitovsky Street. Through Vitovsky street a city wanderer may travel from the Viche Maidan to another city square the Mickiewicz Square. To the Maidan connect couple of small streets such as Bachynsky Street and Belveder as well as the stometrivka that is the extension of Nezalezhnist street. It is surrounded by numerous buildings such as the main post office, the Ukrtelecom building, the shopping mall "Malva", the business center "Kyiv", and many others. The square has couple of fountains, flowerbeds, and a small park.
History
The square started out from a city park that was created on an initiative of the local district starosta Francisco Kratter in 1825. He on behalf of the city bought the adjacent land owned by the Agopsowicz brothers in the vicinity of today's Sichovi Striltsi and Mazepa streets which were called respectively Sobieska and Kazimirowska. The land was implanted with numerous trees, flowerbeds, and park benches. In 1827 in its place a city park was opened, locally proclaimed as Kratterowka. The residents gathered there for rest and recreations. It was the first public city park. However, by the end of the century Kratterivka lost its charm as the new park "Dąbrowa" opened not far from it (today - Shevchenko park).
Later in the second half of 19th century Kratterowka was recognized as the city's square. The northern portion of it was named after Franz Joseph I, while its southern portion carried the name of Princess Gisela. After the 1920s during the Polish administration the both squares changed their names to Józef Piłsudski and General Haller, respectively. During the Soviet times the two squares were eventually united and called the Radyanska (Soviet) Square.
In 1904 right next to the park was built the Gartenberg's Passage which miraculously was preserved to our days. In 1960 the passage was rebuilt into a general department store and later became a department store for children. In 1990 the building was renovated into an exhibition hall, after which it turned into the shopping mall "Malva".
The Viche Maidan is favorite spot for political protests, music concerts, big holidays celebrations such as New Year and Christmas. At the New Year traditionally a big, oversize pine (New Year tree) gets placed in the middle of the square. During Christmas the maidan gets filled with people participating in a vertep parade. The name of the square derives from the Old-Slavic word viche, meaning a public gathering. It was given after the fall of the Soviet regime.
Statues and fountains
References
Bibliography
Protsak, R. "By streets and squares of the city". "SIMYK". Ivano-Frankivsk, 2008. (page 13)
External links
Virtual Ivano-Frankivsk "Stanislav", travel the city while surfing the internet
List of streets and squares of Ivano-Frankivsk
Ivano-Frankivsk
Squares in Ukraine
Buildings and structures in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Tourist attractions in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
The McKameys are a professional Southern gospel group based in Clinton, Tennessee. Current members are Ruben and Peg Bean, Sheryl Farris, Connie Fortner, Roger Fortner, and Eli Fortner.
On November 23, 2019 the McKameys played their last concert in Knoxville, Tennessee.
On average, the McKameys play approximately 150 bookings annually throughout the United States and Canada. With 16 No. 1 singles, the group was honored by Horizon Records in 1999 for having the most No. 1 hits in the history of Southern Gospel music. The McKameys also hold the record for having the most No. 1 songs on Singing News magazine's charts.
Group history
The group first organized in 1954 as a trio of sisters: Dora, Peg, and Carol McKamey. As their father was a Christian minister, the girls grew up singing in church. One day Dora announced to her astonished sisters that they were going to sing with her in church the next Sunday as a trio.
"She gathered us up in her kitchen, started singing and we each found our parts," Peg explained. "We just thought we were gonna sing that one time, in her home church, but different people heard us and invited us to sing at their church or at revivals. Then out of town evangelists heard us at the revivals and invited us to come to their church and we started traveling to Florida and Indiana and Ohio, and that's how it all started."
In 1957, Ruben Bean started playing guitar for the trio, and he and Peg married two years later. While their daughters, Connie and Sheryl, were growing up they traveled with their mom, dad and aunts when the group was on the road. After Dora and Carol retired from the trio in 1972, Connie and Sheryl stepped in to take over their parts.
In the mid 1980s, Sheryl left the group to join her husband as a pastor's wife. At that time, Carol returned to the group, now made up of Peg, Connie, Ruben and Carol with Roger Fortner playing guitar. From late 1988 until mid-1989, Bonnie White replaced Carol until she ultimately returned to the group.
The vocal lineup of Connie, Peg, Carol, and Ruben would perform together until April 2009 when Carol Woodard officially retired from full-time travel. Sheryl Farris returned to replace Carol. Since returning, Sheryl & Connie have traded the lead vocal for a change in the vocal lineup for standards like "The Shepherd's Point of View" and "When He Speaks" and "A Hill Worth Dying On".
In 2007, Eli Fortner joined his parents, Roger and Connie, on stage full-time as a guitarist and featured vocalist. Eli's solos appear on every project since their 2005 release, The Old Path. In 2012, Roger Fortner stepped up to sing a solo, "Unspoken Request". Much to the delight of fans, Roger's first solo captured the No. 1 spot on the January 2013 Singing News Top 80 Charts and received nominations for Song of the Year in the 2013 Singing News Fan Awards and 2013 NQC Music Awards.
Currently, all members of the McKameys perform at least one song during each program. Whether it is a mixed trio, mixed quartet, or male trio, the McKameys perform a variety of their classics combined with fresh favorites.
In September 2018, The McKameys announced on singingnews.com in an open letter that November of 2019 would be the end of their full-time touring.
In February 2021, Roger, Connie and Eli Fortner announced they would be performing as McKamey Legacy.
Discography
1968: The Family Prayer
1969: What a Day That Will Be
1970: Jesus is Coming Soon
1970: You've Gotta Live Like Jesus
1971: The Old Rugged Cross Made the Difference
1972: Hold to God's Unchanging Hand (Trail)
1973: Let Me Walk With You Jesus (Trail)
1974: Joy in the Morning (Trail)
1975: We Love Him Too Much (To Fail Him Now) (Trail)
1976: On Business for the King (Trail)
1977: Lord I Know How Much You Love Me (Trail)
1978: On the Way Up (Trail)
1979: At Home (Night Watch)
1980: Live (Night Watch)
1981: Genuine (Night Watch)
1981: He Didn't Let Us Down (MorningStar)
1982: By Faith (MorningStar)
1983: Keepsake (MorningStar)
1984: Tennessee Live! (MorningStar)
1985: Fruitful (MorningStar)
1986: Unique (MorningStar)
1987: More Than Music (MorningStar)
1987: Christmas (MorningStar)
1988: Covered by Love (Morning Star)
1988: Gone to Meetin' Live (MorningStar)
1989: Sing Praises (MorningStar)
1990: Purpose (MorningStar)
1991: Just Thinking (MorningStar)
1992: Visions (compilation) (MorningStar)
1992: With Feeling Live (Horizon)
1993: With His Power (Horizon)
1994: It's Real (Horizon)
1995: Sheltered (Horizon)
1995: Gifts (Horizon)
1997: Still Have a Song (Horizon)
1998: Remembrance (Horizon)
1998: Always (Horizon)
2000: Waiting (Horizon)
2001: I've Won (Horizon)
2002: Trophy of Grace (Horizon)
2003: An Acoustic Journey (Horizon)
2004: Fresh Manna (Horizon)
2005: The Old Path (Horizon)
2007: Telling the Story (Horizon)
2008: Something More (Horizon)
2009: The Message (Horizon)
2011: Joy in the Journey (Horizon)
2012: Precious Seed (Horizon)
2013: A Song Every Day (Horizon)
2014: 50 (Horizon) The fiftieth recording by The McKameys
2015: What If (Horizon)
2016: Something Worth Saving (Horizon)
2017: Be Brave (Horizon)
2019: The Crown (Horizon)
2020: Live Like No Other
"Burning the Midnight Oil" (No. 19)
1984: "Who Put the Tears (In the Eyes of the Lamb?)" (No. 1)
"Somebody Prayed for Me"
"Tarry Here" (No. 4)
"Bring Me out of the Desert" (No. 5)
"The Bride Coming In" (No. 4)
"I'm Going Through" (No. 10)
1987: "Getting Used to the Dark" (No. 1)
"No More Sea" (No. 12)
1988: "God on the Mountain" (No. 1)
"Groundbreaking" (No. 10)
"Under His Feet" (No. 2)
1991: "God Will Make This Trial a Blessing" (No. 1)
"Handfuls of Purpose" (No. 16)
"Somehow He Will" (No. 27)
"The Rising of the Son" (No. 5)
"Vision of Heaven" (No. 35)
1993: "Do You Know How It Feels?" (No. 1)
1993: "A Borrowed Tomb" (No. 1)
1994: "Arise" (No. 1)
"Prayer Changes Me" (No. 2)
"I'm Going Through, Jesus" (No. 3)
"A Voice Within" (No. 6)
"How Deep Is the Sea?" (No. 3)
"The Old Love Letter" (No. 3)
1997: "Right on Time" (No. 1)
"This Valley Is for Me" (No. 3)
"A Wall of Prayer" (No. 3)
1999: "Roll That Burden on Me" (No. 1)
"It Satisfies Me" (No. 4)
"The Blood" (No. 3)
"Even the Valley" (No. 4)
2001: "I've Won" (No. 1)
2002: "He Calms Me" (No. 1)
2002: "I Keep Praying" (No. 1)
"The Other Side" (No. 2)
"Surely Goodness and the Mercies of the Lord" (No. 4)
"A Trophy of Grace" (No. 5)
"Anytime" (No. 7)
"God Is So Good to Me" (No. 2)
2005: "The Good News" (No. 1)
2005: "I Am Home" (No. 1)
2006: "I Will Trust You, Lord" (No. 1)
"Altogether Lovely" (No. 2)
"You're Still God" (No. 4)
"You Are with Me" (No. 3)
"It Takes Time" (No. 32)
"I've Made up My Mind" (No. 9)
2009: "Between Twelve and Thirty-Three" (No. 1)
2010: "The Shepherd's Point of View" (No. 1)
2011: "Above and Beyond" (No. 1)
"When Faith Steps In" (No. 4)
"I Made It by Grace" (No. 4)
2013: "Unspoken Request" (No. 1)
"When He Speaks" (No. 3)
"Hold On" (No. 11)
"A Hill Worth Dying On" (No. 4)
"There Is Jesus"
1988: Gone To Meetin'
1989: Sing Praises
1991: On Tour
1992: With Feeling, Live!
1994: With His Power
1996: Encourage
1999: Genuine
2000: Who We Are
2001: Hometown Live!
2003: Renfro Valley Live'
2006: The Old Path Live2006: Christmas2008: Something More Live2011: JourneyAwards
1989: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1989: Song of the Year - "God on the Mountain" (Tracy Dartt)
1990: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1991: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1992: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1993: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1994: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
1994: Song of the Year - "Arise" (Roger Ealey)
2001: Marvin Norcross Award - Ruben Bean
2002: Female Vocalist of the Year - Peg McKamey Bean
2003: Video of the Year - Hometown Live!''
2012: Norcross-Templeton Award - Peg McKamey Bean
2016: Southern Gospel Museum and Hall of Fame Inductee - Peg McKamey Bean
References
Southern gospel performers
American gospel musical groups
Crossroads Music
Families from Tennessee
Musical groups from Tennessee
People from Clinton, Tennessee
Musical groups established in 1954
Pierre Guilloux (19 October 1901 – 7 September 1937) was a French high jumper and basketball player. He competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics and finished seventh in 1924.
References
1901 births
1937 deaths
Basketball players from Paris
French male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of France
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French men's basketball players
Stade Français basketball players
Athletes from Paris
Celeste Imperio is a famous Chinese restaurant in El Salvador. It was founded in 1994 and served as one of the pillars of modern Chinese food in this small Central American country. The most attractive characteristic of this Chinese restaurant is the Chinese style façade, which resembles those of ancient Chinese palaces. To date, this is the only Chinese style façade in El Salvador. Famous dishes from this restaurant are Chow Mein, Cantonese style rice, Chop Suey and fried wantan. The flavour and style of many of the dishes were modified to suit the taste buds of Salvadorans.
Origins
Celeste Imperio was founded in 1994. The cooking style of Celeste Imperio is based on the Cantonese style tradition from the small town Jiu Jiang (九江) in Guangdong province. However, seeing the need of making Chinese food appealing to Salvadorans, the restaurant modified some of their cooking styles, naming it Chinese-Salvadoran. Although there are a few modifications, the dishes still have the distinctive taste of the Cantonese style cooking. Many Salvadorans were attracted to the taste of this new hybrid cooking style and made Celeste Imperio their favourite place for a family dinner or lunch.
See also
List of Chinese restaurants
External links
http://www.elsalvador.com/elsalvador/informacion/gastronomia/index.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20070219131612/http://www.elsalvadorturismo.gob.sv/servicios.php?id=RES00278&ver=ok&tip=RESTAURANTES
Chinese diaspora in North America
Chinese restaurants outside China
Restaurants in El Salvador
1994 establishments in El Salvador
Hady Shahin (born 2 September 1986) is an Egyptian handball player for Heliopolis SC and the Egyptian national team.
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1986 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
David Mulugheta (born 1982) is an American football agent at Athletes First in Laguna Hills, California. He currently represents 42 NFL players, including Jalen Ramsey, Deshaun Watson, Budda Baker, Michael Thomas, AJ Terrell, and Kyle Pitts
Early life and education
Mulugheta was born in Dallas, Texas. His parents are Eritrean immigrants. His father worked two jobs, one as a taxi driver and another at a gas station. He attended the University of Texas at Austin as well as the University of Nebraska College of Law.
Career
Mulugheta began his career as an intern at Athletes First in 2010, after meeting agent Andrew Kessler. Mulugheta became an NFLPA certified contract advisor in 2012 and became an agent at Athletes First. Since then, Mulugheta has gone on to represent many Pro Bowl and All-Pro players.
Accolades
Mulugheta was recognized in 2020 by Forbes as the top NFL agent (in terms of negotiated deals and commissions) in the world, holding a rank of eighth across agents of any sport. He is also Forbes' highest ranked black sports agent.
References
External links
Official website
Sports agents
1983 births
Living people
W. E. Hill & Sons (1880) is a London-based firm that specialises in violins and other string instruments, and bows. It was also known as William Ebsworth Hill & Sons or William E. Hill & Sons.
Overview
Founded by William Ebsworth Hill at Wardour Street in 1880 and moved to 38 New Bond Street in 1887, ten years later relocated to 140 New Bond Street. In 1887 built workshops in Hanwell and extended them in 1904. The name W. E. Hill & Sons is built on a long family history of violin making, going back to William Ebsworth's great-grandfather, Joseph Hill. The firm soon gained a widespread reputation for expertise and dealing in fine instruments. They were also established as makers of instruments, bows, cases and fittings. A Hill's Certificate of Authenticity is considered definitive worldwide throughout the firm's history and their publications on Stradivari and Guarneri are still industry standards.
Many fine craftsmen worked for the firm. For much of the 20th century, the Hill workshop employed England's best bow makers, who created bows renowned for character and consistency. Hill violins, cellos and cases are also highly regarded. Their other products included varnish cleaner, violin e-strings, rosin, peg paste, music stands, chinrests, and specialist tools.
Over the years many of the most celebrated instruments by Stradivari, Amati, and Guarneri passed through Hill & Sons. They built up one of the most notable collections of stringed instruments which can be seen at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, including the "Messiah" Stradivari from 1716.
In the mid-1970s Hills bought 'Havenfields' in Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire and moved to the workshop there.
W. E. Hill and Sons closed the workshop at Havenfields in 1992.
The owners and directors of W. E. Hill & Sons: Stefan-Peter Greiner, renowned violin maker, Simon Morris and Steven Smith, managing directors of J&A Beare, Derek Wilson, Hill bowmaker, and Robert Brewer Young, distinguished luthier, have broad experience in expertise, appraisal, violin and bow making, restoration, and conservation.
Their acquisition of the company marked its return to London. The W. E. Hill & Sons workshop is located in the historic coach house and stables of Burgh House from 1704 in London Hampstead.
Under the direction of Robert Brewer Young and Stefan-Peter Greiner, violins modelled after Stradivari - including the Messiah of 1716 - notable Bergonzis, and the work of Guarneri del Gesu are being made as part of the Hill heritage.
Derek Wilson, who joined Hill in 1978, oversees the making of bows that offer the excellence of an enduring English tradition.
Using the resources provided by the Hill archive, access to rare instruments and centuries of experience allows W. E. Hill & Sons to provide the music world with the finest tools for performance.
Auction record prices
New York, October 16, 2013 – Tarisio Auctions, (New York) Violin Bow CHARLES LEGGATT FOR W.E. HILL & SONS, c. 1905 ex-Aaron Rosand mounted in Gold/Tortoise-Shell with fleur-de-lys motif US$15,600
London, Oct 7, 2010 – Sotheby's of London Lot 35 Violin Bow, World Record for a Hill violin bow $15,899 £10,000 €11,538
New York, Oct 18, 2009 – Tarisio Auctions Lot 414 Cello, 1893, World Record for a Hill Cello $54,000 £33,366 €36,311
London Mar 11, 2008 – Sotheby's of London Lot 129 Cello Bow, World Record for a Hill cello bow $18,788 £9,375 €12,257 Filimonov Fine Violins
W. E. Hill & Sons Bow Makers
Sam Allen (b. 1838 - d. 1914) (Hills 1880–1891) - no marking
Sydney Yeoman (b. 1876 - d. 1948) (Hills 1890–1945) - marked with a single nick in the lower mortise
William Napier (b. 1848 - d. 1932) (Hills 1891–1930) - no marking
William Charles Retford (b. 1875 - d. 1970) (Hills 1892–1956) - marked with a single dot
William Grieve Johnston (b. 1860 - d. 1944) (Hills 1894–1940) - before 1904 marked with downward nicks in the head mortise, after 1904 the nicks became horizontal
Charles Leggatt (b. 1880 - d. 1917) (Hills 1895–1916) - marked with two nicks in the centre of the mortise
Frank Napier (b. 1886 - d. 1969) (Hills 1900–1930) - marked with a pattern of three leaves
Arthur Copley (b. 1903 - d. 1976) (Hills 1917–1976) - marked 1
Edgar Bishop (b. 1904 - d. 1943) (Hills 1918–1943) - marked 2
William Richard Retford (b. 1899 - d. 1960) (Hills 1919–1960) - marked with two dots
Arthur Scarbrow (b. 1900 - d. 1953) (Hills 1919–1930) - marked 0
Leslie Bailey (b. 1905 - d. 1984) (Hills 1919–1939) - marked 4
Albert Leeson (b. 1903 - d. 1946) (Hills 1920–1946) - marked 3
Arthur John Barnes (b. 1888 - d. 1945) (Hills 1920–1939) - marked 5
Arthur Bultitude (b. 1908 - d. 1990) (Hills 1922–1961) - marked 6
William Watson (b. 1930 - d. 2018) (Hills 1945–1962) - marked 7
Ronald Harding (b. 1932 - d. 2014) (Hills 1946–1956) - marked 9
Arthur Brown (b. 1903 - d.?) (Hills 1946–1968) - marked 10 or X
Malcolm M Taylor (b. 1933 - d. 2012) (Hills 1949–1973) - marked 8
David Taylor (b. 1940) (Hills 1956–1966) - marked 13
Alan Willis (b. 1942) (Hills 1957–1962) - marked 11
Garner Wilson (b. 1944 - d. 2013) (Hills 1960–1966) - marked 12
John Clutterbuck (b. 1949) (Hills 1964–1971) - marked 14
Brian Alvey (b. 1949) (Hills 1966–1978) - marked 15
Stephen Bristow (b. 1952) (Hills 1967–1972) - marked 16
David Earl (b. 1953 - d. 1982) (Hills 1969–1978) - marked 18
Ian Shepherd (b. 1955) (Hills 1971–1975) - marked 17
Matthew Coltman (b. 1955) (Hills 1977–1981) - marked 19
John Stagg (b. 1954) (Hills 1977–1983) - marked 20
Derek Wilson (b. 1962) (Hills 1978–1985) - no marking
Tim Baker (b. 1962) (Hills 1981–1984) - no marking
W. E. Hill and Sons Violin Makers
Charles François Langonet (b. 1860 - d. 1929) (Hills 1879–1929)
Joseph Prunier
August Delunet
Joseph Somney
Edward Wayland
James Jeffreys
Alfred Charles Langonet (b. 1917 - d. 1973)
Bibliography
References
W.E. Hill & Sons (A Tribute), Richard Sadler 1996
Giovanni Paolo Maggini: His Life and Work (1892) Henry, Arthur & Alfred Hill
https://archive.org/details/giopaolomagginih00hugg
The Hill Bow Makers 1880-1962, John Milnes and Derek Wilson 2016,
External links
Hill Bows
Pegturning tales (from The Strad)DEAD LINK
Books on W E Hill & Sons (Ealing Strings)
Internet edition of the Hills' book on Stradivari (Cello Heaven)
Anecdote about William Hill identifying a Stradivarius from an interview with Henry Brant
Example of a Certificate of Authenticity
W.E. Hill & Sons: on the Mt. Parnassus of the art of violin making
Bow makers
British luthiers
Musical instrument manufacturing companies based in London
Trudell is a 2005 documentary film about American Indian activist and poet John Trudell. The film traces Trudell's life from his childhood in Omaha, Nebraska, through his role as a leader of the American Indian Movement. It also covers his rebirth as a musician and spoken word poet after his wife died in a house fire suspected as arson.
Heather Rae produced and directed the film, which took her more than a decade to complete. Trudell aired nationally in the U.S. on April 11, 2006 as part of the Independent Lens series on PBS.
Reception
The film received generally mixed reviews from the critics.
References
External links
www.trudellthemovie.com (archived February 2014)
Trudell site for Independent Lens on PBS
2005 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about Native Americans
Documentary films about poets
2005 documentary films
Documentary films about music and musicians
Films about activists
2000s American films
The Cyclopes are a group of one-eyed giants in Greek mythology.
Cyclopes may also refer to:
The genus Cyclopes, containing the species silky anteater.
See also
Cyclops (disambiguation)
Gordon Tucker is a prominent rabbi, with a reputation as both a political and a theological liberal in Conservative Judaism. He is the former senior rabbi of Temple Israel Center in White Plains, New York. Since September 2020, he has served as the Vice Chancellor for Religious Life and Engagement at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.
Education and career
A 1967 graduate of the Bronx High School of Science, Tucker holds the A.B. degree from Harvard College and a PhD. (in Philosophy) from Princeton University. He was ordained a Rabbi in 1975 by The Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS). He has served on the faculty of JTS since 1976, currently serving as Adjunct Assistant Professor of Jewish philosophy, in addition to his duties as a congregational rabbi. From 1984 to 1992 he served as dean of the Rabbinical School at JTS. He subsequently became rabbi of Temple Israel Center in White Plains, New York, following the retirement of Rabbi Arnold S. Turetsky.
Tucker has served as Chairman of the Board of the Masorti Foundation for Conservative Judaism in Israel, and as a member of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly.
In 2006, his name was listed as one of the frontrunners for the Chancellor of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, to replace Chancellor Ismar Schorsch upon his retirement. Arnold Eisen was ultimately chosen for the position.
Philosophy of Conservative Judaism
Tucker, in his writings about the Torah and the nature of divine revelation, is a leader within Conservative Judaism in articulating a position between the traditional view that the Torah is of divine origin, and a secular view, in which the Torah is seen entirely as a work of human creation. He writes, "It is the particular characteristic of Conservative Judaism to insist that religious authority is a partnership, that it comes from the reality of a revealing God and the equally inescapable reality of a seeking, evolving community through which God's words get expressed over time." The Torah, according to Tucker, "is not a
record of commanding utterances from God, but rather a record of the religious quests of a people, and of their understanding of how
God's will commands them."
Tucker's liberalism and interest in philosophy reflect his role in Conservative Judaism as a leading scholar and interpreter of the works of Abraham Joshua Heschel (1907–1972). Heschel, a rabbi who escaped the Holocaust in Europe through the help of Hebrew Union College and ultimately joined the faculty of Jewish Theological Seminary, became famous not only for his many religious and philosophical commentaries, but also for his social activism and support of the civil rights movement.
In the 1950s and '60s, the two most famous scholars at Jewish Theological Seminary were Heschel and Mordechai Kaplan (1881–1983). Gordon Tucker began his studies at Jewish Theological Seminary at a time when both Kaplan and Heschel were living. Both Kaplan and Heschel confronted more traditional elements within Conservative Judaism, but each of them sought to redefine Judaism in different ways. While Kaplan favored a positivist, rationalist, and scientific approach to Judaism, Heschel's approach was philosophical, mystical, and spiritual. In effect, Heschel and Kaplan offered competing approaches to the liberalization of Jewish theology.
Gordon Tucker's liberalism could be said to reflect Heschel's own political activism. According to Neil Gillman, a historian of Conservative Judaism, "Heschel insisted that his turn to political activism was prompted by his experience of living in Europe in the decades before World War II. He had been a personal witness to political oppression and was painfully aware that many otherwise good people stood on the sidelines and did not intervene. He was not going to repeat that pattern in America." Heschel's mystical spirituality lead him to become a champion within American Jewry of liberal causes and political activism.
But Tucker is not a follower of Heschel, in the same sense that Kaplan had followers within Conservative Judaism. Rather, he is a follower of what he understands to be Heschel's tradition. For Tucker, Jewish law cannot be expressed solely through a positivist legal framework. It is motivated by an underlying and evolving sense of God's will through a process in which human beings play a critical role. To find precedent for changing Jewish law, Tucker analyzes evolving Jewish moral and legal traditions. Just as Heschel did, he turns to aggadah, the non-legalistic writings that are part of the oral and written tradition of Torah scholarship. He writes that Judaism has developed a precedent over time that rejects "the practice of punishing people, and causing them undue suffering, for things they are not responsible for." Ultimately, his proposal for a new halakhic response to homosexuality was based on this precedent.
Proposed takkanah on homosexuality
Tucker's prominence as both a political and theological liberal within Conservative Judaism is reflected in the role he played in the movement's recent debates on the issue of homosexuality. As a member of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards (CJLS), he authored a proposed teshuvah (responsa) arguing that the biblical prohibition on male homosexuality should be overturned. In doing so, he proposed that the Conservative movement should accept a new, more liberal approach to halakhah (Jewish law). (Tucker originally offered his paper as a responsum, but the committee voted instead to consider it as a takkanah, requiring 13 votes for adoption.)
An important difference between Conservative and Orthodox Judaism is that Conservative Judaism empowers modern rabbis to issue takkanot (decrees) modifying Biblical prohibitions, when perceived to be necessary. However, such decrees must be rooted in halakhic process and precedent. Conservative Judaism has adopted takkanot only for a few exceptional matters, such as the abolition of the biblical category of mamzer (a child whose mother is married to a other than the biological father or is the product of an incestuous relationship). Orthodox Judaism takes a more limited view as to how law can be changed.
Both Conservative and Orthodox Judaism address most questions of Jewish law through responsa, through a written, rabbinical interpretation of Jewish law, analogous to a court decision. In Orthodox Judaism, responsa are the product of individual rabbis, and their authority derives from the recognition of the author within the larger Orthodox community as a posek or decisor. In Conservative Judaism, both responsa and takkanot are products of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards, whose voting members are ordained rabbis within the Conservative movement.
On December 6, 2006, The CJLS adopted three different responsa, somewhat contradictory, on issues that address the participation of male homosexuals in Conservative Judaism:
By 13 of 25 votes, the minimum majority, the CJLS adopted a responsum authored by Rabbi Elliot N. Dorff, Daniel Nevins, and Avram Reisner, lifting most restrictions on homosexual conduct and opening the way to the ordination of openly gay and lesbian rabbis and acceptance of homosexual unions, but stopping short of religiously recognizing gay marriage. The responsum maintained the Biblical prohibition on male-male anal sex.
Also by 13 of 25 votes, the committee adopted a traditionalist responsum, by Rabbi Joel Roth, reaffirming a general prohibition on homosexual conduct.
By six votes, the minimum for adoption as a minority position, the committee approved another responsum by Rabbi Leonard Levy, delineating ways in which to ensure that gays and lesbians would be accorded human dignity and a respected place in Conservative communities and institutions while maintaining the authority of the traditional prohibitions against same-sex sexual activity.
The Committee rejected Gordon Tucker's takkanah. Details of this issue are discussed in Conservative Halakha. Tucker's proposed takkanah became, in effect, a dissenting opinion.
Translation and commentary on Heschel
Rabbi Tucker's most widely known scholarly work is his translation with notes and commentaries of writings of Abraham Joshua Heschel. Tucker translated Heschel's Torah min HaShamayim BeAspaklariah shel HaDorot (Heavenly Torah as Refracted through the Generations) from the original Hebrew into English, and provided many notes, essays, and commentaries.
In her forward to Heavenly Torah, Heschel's daughter Susannah Heschel describes the scope and magnitude of this translation. "Gordon Tucker (and Rabbi Leonard Levin) have done a superb job of assembling, editing, abridging, and translating a huge, not-quite-finished manuscript. Others literally died trying to translate this sprawling masterpiece. There may be some dissent from the inevitable omissions, some few typos, some doubts about Tucker's interpretations. But on the whole, the introductions to each chapter, the explanatory notes on almost every page (including identifying Heschel's often obscure sources) are wonderful aids in working through this massive work."
Heschel differed with the more legalistic approach to Torah of the Lithuanian rabbis who dominated the interpretation of halacha and the exegesis of Torah in the 20th century. He emphasized aggadah and midrash, the often speculative writings of the rabbinical sages that were outside the Torah's legal framework. Because these writings were not as heavily edited or redacted as the Mishna and Gemara, Heschel's Hebrew manuscript reflects a variety of difficult Hebrew prose styles. Or N. Rose, a reviewer of Heavenly Torah, praised Tucker and Levin for capturing the qualities of Heschel's original manuscript in their translation. "Not only is this English version a lucid and thoughtful reworking of the original text, but Tucker and Levin even manage to introduce into their translation a measure of the poeticism readers have come to expect of Heschel."
Family life
Tucker is currently married to Dr. Amy Cohn, with whom he has a son and daughter, Micah and Becky. He was previously married to Hadassah Freilich (now Lieberman), with whom he has a son, Rabbi Ethan Tucker, a rosh yeshiva at Yeshivat Hadar. His first wife later married Senator Joseph Lieberman, who became the first Jewish candidate for national office with a major political party.
References
Sources
All Eyes On Rabbi Tucker At Panel, The Jewish Week
Hazon Bio
Temple Israel of White Plains bio (official)
Forward article
Haber, Gedalia. "Lost In Translation: Abraham Joshua Heschel's 'Heavenly Torah'—A Review Essay". Modern Judaism, volume 29, number 3, October 2009, pp. 405-427.
Heschel, Abraham Joshua. Heavenly Torah: As Refracted through the Generations. Edited and Translated with Commentary by Gordon Tucker with Leonard Levin. (New York, London: Continuum, 2004)
Rose, Or N. Heavenly Torah in Human Hands JBooks.com, the Online Jewish Book Community.
Tucker, Gordon. Halakhic and Metahalakhic Arguments Concerning Judaism and Homosexuality
Tucker, Gordon. "The Importance of Orientation: Etz Hayyim and the Conservative Jewish Perspective." United Synagogue Review. Spring 2003
American Conservative rabbis
Living people
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
Harvard College alumni
Princeton University alumni
Jewish Theological Seminary of America semikhah recipients
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American rabbis
21st-century American rabbis
Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States, addressed a joint session of the United States Congress on Tuesday, February 28, 2017. It was his first public address before a joint session. Similar to a State of the Union Address, it was delivered before the 115th United States Congress in the Chamber of the House of Representatives in the United States Capitol. Presiding over this joint session was the House speaker, Paul Ryan, accompanied by Mike Pence, the vice president in his capacity as the president of the Senate.
Reception
Fact-checkers noted that although Trump's speech to Congress had "fewer untrue statements than many of his remarks", the address nevertheless included numerous false and misleading statements on a variety of issues, including the federal budget, immigration and crime, immigration and the economy, welfare, and the job impact of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines.
The speech was considered more optimistic, conciliatory and politically conventional and "presidential" than Trump's typically populist manner of speaking, at a time in which he was receiving historically low approval ratings. President Trump's approval rating was 53% on February 24th 2017, according to Rasmussen Reports - Presidential Daily Poll.
Speech
President Trump announced the creation of the Office of Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement (VOICE) in the United States Department of Homeland Security.
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin was the designated survivor and did not attend the address in order to maintain a continuity of government. He was sequestered at a secret secure location for the duration of the event.
Democratic responses
For the Democratic Party, former Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear provided the response; activist Astrid Silva of Nevada offered another response for the party in Spanish. Beshear spoke at a diner in Lexington, Kentucky.
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont (an independent who caucuses with the Democrats in the Senate) responded to the speech in a 14-minute video posted to Facebook, in which he criticized Trump for failing to make any mention of income inequality, criminal justice reform, or climate change. Sanders also stated: "President Trump once again made it clear he plans on working with Republicans in Congress who want to repeal the Affordable Care Act, throw 20 million Americans off of health insurance, privatize Medicare, make massive cuts in Medicaid, raise the cost of prescription drugs to seniors, eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood, while at the same time, he wants to give another massive tax break to the wealthiest Americans."
According to the Democratic think-tank Center for American Progress, Trump made 51 false or manipulative statements during his speech.
Viewership
Trump's speech was aired live on 11 broadcast and cable news networks, and viewed on TV by an estimated 47.7 million people in the United States.
Total cable and network viewers
Broadcast networks
Cable news networks
See also
First 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency
List of joint sessions of the United States Congress
2018 State of the Union Address
References
External links
Remarks by President Trump in Joint Address to Congress at whitehouse.gov
About the address at whitehouse.gov
by The White House
President Trump Addresses Joint Session Congress on C-SPAN
Former Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear Delivers Joint Session Democratic Response on C-SPAN
Former Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear Delivers Joint Session Democratic Response (transcript)
115th United States Congress
2017 in American politics
2017 in Washington, D.C.
2017 in the United States
2017 speeches
February 2017 events in the United States
Presidency of Donald Trump
Speeches by Donald Trump
Joint sessions of the United States Congress
Trump speech to joint session of Congress, 2017
Articles containing video clips
Paul Ourselin (born 13 April 1994) is a French cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Biography
Born in Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives, Ourselin started cycling at the age of seven, in the French "Poussin" category, which is reserved for youths between the ages of 7 and 8 years old. Later on, he moved to Caen before leaving Normandy for Vendée, having obtained his high school diploma in 2012. He continued his studies with a 2-year diploma in sales application. During this time, he shared an apartment with Justin Mottier, while also getting to know Pierre-Henri Lecuisinier and Lorrenzo Manzin, who became racing cyclists for the team.
In July 2019, he was named in the startlist for the 2019 Tour de France. In October 2020, he was named in the startlist for the 2020 Vuelta a España.
Major results
2013
3rd Grand Prix cycliste de Machecou
2015
1st Overall Circuit du Mené
2016
1st Road race, National Under–23 Road Championships
1st Paris–Mantes-en-Yvelines
2019
7th Polynormande
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Calvados (department)
Cyclists from Normandy
Séamus Ryan (1895–1933) was an Irish politician.
Seamus Ryan can also refer to:
Séamus Ryan (hurler), Irish priest, lecturer and hurler
Seamus Ryan (photographer) (born 1964), Irish photographer
Esoteric (rapper) (born 1975), an underground hip-hop artist
Seamus Ryan (character), a Sons of Anarchy character
Chotushkone (; ) is an Indian Bengali thriller film directed by Srijit Mukherji, starring Aparna Sen, Goutam Ghose, Chiranjeet Chakraborty, Parambrata Chatterjee and Payel Sarkar.The film received positive reviews from critics. The film won the National Film Award for Best Director for Srijit Mukherji at India's 62nd National Film Awards.
Synopsis
The movie begins with an unknown woman writing a suicide note and then hanging herself from a ceiling fan. A man is seen holding hands with a kid and staring at the hanging woman.
Then in black and white, portraying the past, we see a party at a bar as Nilanjana (Trina) and her cynical boyfriend Ritwick (Dipto) argue about parties and movies.
Then the movie starts in the present where Joy discusses about making a movie with a producer (Mr. Gupta). He calls Trina and tries to convince her to work alongside Shakyo, her ex-lover Dipto and him to make a movie of four short films. Shakyo and Dipto argue about films and then asks him to work with Trina. The four of them meet at Joy's house where he tells them that they have to go to Henry's island, Bakkhali to present their respective scripts to the producer, the common theme of their stories being death.
That evening, Shakyo and Dipto discuss their stories. Shakyo tells Dipto that he will pitch an old story he once wrote about a TV serial writer, who kills his characters in a brutal way, suffers from a heart attack on seeing his dead characters, and dies.
On their journey to Bakkhali, Trina and Joy discuss about Dipto's downfall. Dipto talks on the phone and barely misses an accident and finds his plot. He tells the story of a man who is a cigarette addict and gets run over by a car when he goes out to buy cigarettes at midnight.
Their car breaks down and they take shelter in a bungalow that belongs to Mr. Gupta. Trina tells her story where a dead woman calls on the spirits of alive people by planchette.
Next morning, Joy tells them the story of his brother who lost his mind, and his wife who died because Trina, Dipto and Shakyo abandoned his brother's movie due to their differences. He intends to kill them: sits them across a table and plays Russian roulette. However, the gun accidentally misses Trina and hits Joy. He dies.
The movie ends as Trina and Dipto go to meet Joy's brother (Mr. Gupta) in a mental hospital where he cannot recognise them.
Cast
Aparna Sen as Trina Sen
Chiranjeet as Dipto
Goutam Ghose as Sakyo
Parambrata Chatterjee as Joyobroto alias Joy
Kaushik Ganguly as Mr. Gupta, a film producer
Payel as Nilanjana
Ritabhari Chakraborty as a student
Indrasish Roy as Ritwick
Rahul as Amitava
Barun Chanda as Moloy Sen ,Trina's Husband
Arpita Pal as Jyotsna Mukherjee
Debolina Dutta as Sonia
Koneenica Banerjee as Mimi
Sujan Mukhyopadhyay as Rajkumar Mukherjee
Biswajit Chakraborty as a furniture dealer
Shantilal Mukherjee as Police Officer
Raajhorshee De as Film Maker
Awards
62nd National Film Awards
Best Direction - Srijit Mukherji
Best Original Screenplay - Srijit Mukherji
Best Cinematography - Sudeep Chatterjee
Music
The music of the film has been composed by Anupam Roy. He himself has penned the lyrics (apart from one Rabindra Sangeet i.e. Chirosakha He). The Background Music is composed by Indraadip Dasgupta
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2014 films
Films scored by Anupam Roy
Films set in Kolkata
Films set in West Bengal
Films whose director won the Best Director National Film Award
Films whose cinematographer won the Best Cinematography National Film Award
Films whose writer won the Best Original Screenplay National Film Award
Films directed by Srijit Mukherji
Under det rosa täcket (English: Under the Pink Duvet) is a Swedish feminist book written by Nina Björk, first published in 1996. The book made a great impact on the Swedish feminist field of the 1990s and is notable for introducing Butlerian queer theory to Sweden.
Gender studies books
1996 books
Swedish books
The Hōei eruption of Mount Fuji started on December 16, 1707 (23rd day of the 11th month of the year Hōei 4) and ended February 24, 1708. It was the last confirmed eruption of Mount Fuji, with three unconfirmed eruptions being reported from 1708 to 1854. It is well known for the immense ash-fall it produced over eastern Japan, and subsequent landslides and starvation across the country. Hokusai's One Hundred Views of Mount Fuji includes an image of the small crater at a secondary eruption site on the southwestern slope. The area where the eruption occurred is called Mount Hōei because it occurred in the fourth year of Hōei era. Today, the crater of the main eruption can be visited from the Fujinomiya or Gotemba Trails on Mount Fuji.
Extent of eruption
Three years prior to eruption, rumbling began in 1704 from February 4 to February 7. One to two months prior to the eruption earthquakes could be felt around the base of the volcano, with magnitudes reaching as high as 5. The event was characterized as a plinian eruption, with pumice, scoria, and ash being shot into the stratosphere and raining down far east of the volcano. Landslides soon followed the eruption due to heavy rainfall and flooding in the area.
The eruption happened on Mount Fuji's east–northeast flank and formed three new volcanic vents, named No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 Hōei vents. The catastrophe developed over the course of several days; an initial earthquake and explosion of cinders and ash was followed some days later with the more forceful ejections of rocks and stones. The Hōei eruption is said to have caused the worst ash-fall disaster in Japanese history.
Although it brought no lava flow, the Hōei eruption released some of volcanic ash, which spread over vast areas around the volcano, even reaching Edo almost away. Cinders and ash fell like rain in Izu, Kai, Sagami, and Musashi provinces, and ash fall was recorded in Tokyo and Yokohama to the east of the volcano. In Edo, the volcanic ash was several centimeters thick. Ash that was released from the eruption fell to the earth and covered many crops in the area, stunting growth. There is no estimate for how many deaths were a result of the eruption. The eruption is rated a 5 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index.
Effect on local population
The Hōei eruption, from 1707–1708 had a disastrous effect on the people living in the Fuji region. The tephra released from the volcano caused an agricultural decline, leading to many in the Fuji area to starve to death.
Volcanic ash fell and widely covered the cultivated fields east of Mount Fuji. To recover the fields farmers cast volcanic products out to dumping-grounds making piles. The rain washed material from the dumping grounds away to the rivers and made some of the rivers shallower, especially into the Sakawa River, into which huge volumes of ash fell, resulting in temporary dams. Heavy rainfall on 7–8 August 1708, the year following the Hōei eruption, caused an avalanche of volcanic ash and mud, breaking the dams and flooding the Ashigara plain.
Many of the casualties caused by the Hoei eruption were due to flooding, landslides, and famine after the fact. As ash fell after the eruption, crops began to fail, leading to widespread starvation in the Edo (renamed Tokyo in 1869) area. Due to debris that included large rocks, floodwater, and ash, people could also not move easily to other places, which led to further casualties from hunger in the Edo area.
Tectonic setting and the threat for more eruptions
Japan is located in the most geologically active region of Earth, called The Ring of Fire. This region is known for its many volcanic eruptions and earthquakes. The Hōei eruption was preceded by a massive magnitude 8.6 earthquake, just 49 days before the eruption. Many volcanologists believe that this earthquake was likely the cause of the eruption.
Based on the internal pressure inside the volcano that scientists have recently measured, speculation of a possible eruption is high. Damage is estimated to cost Japan over US$25 billion. It is assumed that, much like the 1707 Hōei eruption, the volcano would almost certainly erupt if there was another earthquake such as the 1707 Hōei earthquake. A repeat of the 1707 Hōei eruption is also said to impact over 30 million people in the highly populated areas of eastern Tokyo, Kanagawa, Chiba and parts of Yamanashi, Saitama, and Shizuoka. The volcano would most heavily affect Tokyo, and would likely cause power outages, water shortages, and malfunctions in the highly technical city.
See also
1707 Hōei earthquake
Historic eruptions of Mount Fuji
Mount Hōei
References
External links
富士山火山防災協議会 (Council for Fuji volcano disaster reduction)
富士山宝永噴火（1707）後の土砂災害(PDF) (Distribution of sediment disasters after the 1707 Hoei eruption of Fuji Volcano in central Japan, based on historical documents)
1707 in Japan
1707 natural disasters
18th-century volcanic events
Mount Fuji
Plinian eruptions
Hōei eruption
Volcanic eruptions in Japan
Landslides in Japan
The Dignified Way Party () is an Armenian political party.
History
The Dignified Way Party was founded on 1 November 2018 in Gyumri. Hovhannes Margaryan, a former member of the National Assembly and a former member of the Rule of Law party, was unanimously elected chairman of the party. The party intended to participate in the 2018 Armenian parliamentary election, but failed to register in time. The party has never participated in national elections. Prior to the election, the Dignified Future Party (an unrelated political party), petitioned the Ministry of Justice not to grant registration to the Dignified Way Party as the name was too similar to their own.
On 17 October 2021, the party participated in municipal elections in the city of Gyumri. Hovhannes Margaryan was the party's candidate for mayor. Following the election, the party received just 1.47% of the popular vote, failing to win any seats in the Gyumri city council.
The party currently acts as an extra-parliamentary force.
Ideology
The party supports constitutional reform, upgrades to the pension system, protecting freedoms for media, and lowering homelessness and unemployment rates.
See also
Programs of political parties in Armenia
References
External links
Dignified Way Party on Facebook
Political parties established in 2018
Political parties in Armenia
FC Tavriya Novotroitske is a Ukrainian football club from Novotroitske, Kherson Oblast.
The clubs exist since 1936. Beside football competitions in Kherson Oblast, the club also participates in friendly competition organized by SC Tavriya Simferopol, the Open Cup of AR Crimea Football Federation. Prior to the start of the 2020–21 Ukrainian Second League the club merged with SC Tavriya Simferopol, this fusion continued to play under the original name of SC Tavriya Simferopol (in the 2020–21 Ukrainian Second League season).
Honours
Football championship of Kherson Oblast
Winners (7): 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2011, 2013
Football cup of Kherson Oblast
Winners (9): 1951, 1962, 1992, 1994, 1997, 1998, 2001, 2010, 2013
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Coaches
Igor Gamula (2000)
References
Tavriya Novotroitsk, FC
Football clubs in Kherson Oblast
Victor Bruce Sullivan (7 December 1918 – 29 January 1993) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Sullivan was born in Launceston, Tasmania, the son of James Bruce Sullivan and his wife Julia Ellen (née Brown). He was educated at Downlands College in Toowoomba and on leaving school became a grain, beef, pork, and lamb farmer. He served in the Second Australian Imperial Force as an attachment to the U.S. forces and was engaged in the movement of troops and supplies in New Guinea.
On 8 April 1948 Sullivan married Gwenneth Joan Becker and together had two sons and a daughter. His daughter died in 1970 in an automobile accident. He died from a heart attack while surfing at Caloundra in January 1993.
Public career
At the 1960 Queensland state election, Sullivan won the seat of Condamine for the Country Party, defeating the sitting member, Les Diplock of the Queensland Labor Party. He had a long career in the Queensland Parliament and retired at the 1983 Queensland state election.
In July 1982 he and fellow National Party member and ministerial colleague, Ken Tomkins, were involved in a scandal that came to be known as the Melbidir affair. They were on a tour in the government vessel the Melbidir to examine the conditions of Aboriginal communities in the Torres Strait islands when they were photographed from a plane flying overhead leisurely fishing from the vessel. Both men were reluctantly forced to resign from cabinet with Sullivan sitting on the back bench for the rest of his political career.
Sullivan didn't mind a drink and during the motion of condolence for him in the parliament in 1993, Tom Burns, the then Deputy Premier of Queensland, reminisced about the time Sullivan fell asleep while giving a speech in the parliament.
At one stage he was mooted to take over as Premier of Queensland from Joh Bjelke-Petersen and served as the Acting Premier when both the Premier and Deputy Premier were overseas in 1982. He held several portfolios in the ministry including:
Minister for Lands and Forests 1968–1972
Minister for Primary Industries 1972–1974
Minister for Primary Industries and Fisheries 1974–1975
Minister for Primary Industries 1975–1980
Minister for Mines and Energy 1980
Minister for Commerce and Industry 1980–1982
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1918 births
1993 deaths
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Queensland
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Marion Janine Brodie (born 1952) is a Canadian political scientist. She is a Distinguished University Professor and a Canada Research Chair in Political Economy and Social Governance at the University of Alberta. Brodie was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 2002 and honoured with the Order of Canada in 2017.
Education
Brodie became involved in politics while John Diefenbaker and Lester B. Pearson were in positions of power. She studied political science at the University of Windsor with the intent of continuing her education in law school. However, she was encouraged by one of her professors to pursue a Master's degree in political science. Her Master's, and eventual PhD, focused on women's role in politics.
Career
While earning her PhD in Political Science from Carleton University in 1981, Brodie began teaching at Queen's University. She then taught at York University where she held the John Robarts Chair in Canadian Studies and was the Inaugural Director of the York Centre for Feminist Research. While at the university, she published a book titled Women and politics in Canada in 1985 which focused on gender-based differences in political parties and legislative offices. This book is regarded as the first to focus on women in politics between 1945 and 1975. Later, she also published The politics of abortion with Shelley A. M. Gavigan and Jane Jenson. Brodie was then hired as Chair of the Department of Political Science at the University of Alberta in 1997. From 1997 to 2004, she served in this role. During her time as Chair of the Department of Political Science, Brodie was a lead investigator in a major collaborative research initiatives program (MCRI) project entitled Globalization and its Challengers.
Brodie was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 2002 and appointed as a Tier 1 Canada Research Chair in 2004 as she stepped down from her position as Chair of the Department of Political Science. Two years later, Brodie published Reinventing Canada politics of the 21st century with Linda Trimble. In 2008, Brodie edited a policy research paper with professor Isabella C. Bakker after consultation with the Policy Research Fund of Status of Women Canada. The paper, titled "Where Are the Women?", focused on gender within contemporary Canadian public policy and was published through the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. As a result of her scholarly research on poverty and inequality, Brodie was named a 2010 Trudeau Fellow. The following year, Brodie became a Distinguished University Professor at the University of Alberta and was renewed as a Canada Research Chair. While simultaneously serving in these academic roles, Brodie served a five-year term as the Director of Social Science Division of the Royal Society of Canada.
She received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal in 2013 and the Royal Society of Canada's Innis-Gérin Medal in 2014. She also edited the fifth edition of Critical concepts: an introduction to politics with Sandra Rein and Malinda Smith. The book focused on political issues and ethical dilemmas as they related to current political upheaval and global tensions. In September 2017, Brodie was the recipient of the University of Alberta's University Cup, an award given to their academic staff on the basis of outstanding scholarly research, teaching and service to the university and the community. She was also the winner of the Academic Women's Association Woman of the Year award. The following year, Brodie was named a member of the Order of Canada for her research in Canadian politics, public policy, social governance, and gender politics. She also edited a book titled Contemporary inequalities and social justice in Canada through the University of Toronto Press. The book was compiled of works from Alexa Degagné, Judy Fudge, Grace-Edward Galabuzi, Hayden King, Judy Rebick, David Robichaud, Meenal Shrivastava, and Malinda Smith which focused on the changing landscapes of Canadian society.
Selected publications
The following is a list of selected publications:
Women and politics in Canada (1985)
Crisis, challenge and change: party and class in Canada revisited (1991)
The politics of abortion (1992)
Politics on the Margins: Restructuring and the Canadian Women's Movement (1995)
Women and canadian public policy (1996)
Critical concepts: an introduction to politics: instructor's manual with test item file (2001)
Reinventing Canada politics of the 21st century (2006)
Where are the Women? Gender Equity, Budgets and Canadian Public Policy (2008)
Critical concepts: an introduction to politics (2014)
Contemporary inequalities and social justice in Canada (2018)
References
Living people
University of Windsor alumni
Carleton University alumni
York University faculty
Queen's University at Kingston faculty
University of Alberta faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Canadian women academics
Canadian women non-fiction writers
Members of the Order of Canada
1952 births
Canada Research Chairs
Canadian political scientists
Women political scientists
21st-century Canadian women writers
Writers from Ontario
Cristina and Violetta Djeordsevic or Ebrehmovich were Italian Roma sisters aged 13 and 11 who drowned in the sea at the public beach at Torregaveta in the Metropolitan City of Naples on 19 July 2008. News media circulated photographs of other beach users apparently continuing with their leisure activities indifferent to the nearby bodies of the girls partially covered by beach towels. Commentators interpreted this as symbolising widespread anti-Roma sentiment in Italy.
Deaths
Cristina and Violetta were born and raised in the "Campo Autorizzato" (authorised Roma camp) at Scampia or Secondigliano in Naples to Branko and Miriana Djeordsevic, originally from former Yugoslavia and of Eastern Orthodox faith. On the day of their deaths, Cristina and Violetta with their sister Diana (aged 9) and cousin Manuela (aged 16) took the Cumana railway from the camp to its terminus at Torregaveta, beside a popular public beach next to private beaches. The beach is divided between the suburban comuni of Bacoli and Monte di Procida. The girls were hawking trinkets to holidaymakers and also, according to some reports, begging.
The four girls decided to enter the sea, despite rough waves and not knowing how to swim. The sea at the beach has dangerous currents and there had been at least 10 drownings in the previous 15 years. There was no lifeguard or warning notices; the area is poor and public funds were scarce. One eyewitness said nobody else was in the water at the time. Cristina and Violetta were further out and were swept underwater against rocks. Manuela and Diana called for help, and lifeguards from nearby private beaches arrived. The coastguard arrived within 10 minutes but the girls had drowned, so they notified the municipal morgue and left. The police took away the surviving girls to contact their parents. A beach towel covered each corpse except for the feet.
A "crowd of curious onlookers that had formed around the bodies quickly dispersed". The bodies remained on the beach until the morgue personnel arrived, after an interval variously reported as one or three hours. During this time, "beach life resumed" with people sunbathing, picnicking, or playing. Eventually the bodies were placed in coffins and carried away.
Response
Photographs were published on the front pages of La Repubblica and Corriere della Sera, as well as online and in foreign media. One showed the girls' corpses with a couple having a picnic in the background; another a coffin being carried past people in sunloungers. Italians described as having condemned the scene included the "liberal elite", newspapers, and civil liberties groups, as well as Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, the Archbishop of Naples, who posted on his blog that it represented the "coarsening of human sentiment". Laura Boldrini, Italy's UNHCR representative, expressed "worry at the circumstances of how the tragedy unfolded".
Commentators linked the incident to a recent upsurge in anti-Roma populist discourse, including confrontations in working-class neighbourhoods and sensationalist media coverage of alleged Roma criminality. In May rumours that a Roma woman had abducted a baby led to violence and arson in two Roma camps in Naples. Roberto Maroni, the Minister of the Interior in the Berlusconi-led government, had announced a scheme to register all Roma by photograph or fingerprint. An ongoing garbage collection strike was also souring the public mood in Naples. Agence France-Presse said Italians had made "little reaction to the outcry", and that Cardinal Sepe was "alone among leading figures to condemn the sunbathers' apparent indifference".
Francesco Iannuzzi, mayor of Monte di Procida, blamed the incident on the delay in the morgue staff arriving at the scene; he denied the charge of indifference on the basis that many had tried to save the girls; he doubted whether the crowd could have known the girls' ethnicity. Sergio Romano, while acknowledging the crowd's indifference, like Iannuzzi questioned the racist dimension, pointing out a similar instance of a non-Roma body on a beach in northern Italy in 1997. Of those whose photographs had been published, one asked of the beachgoers, "what were they supposed to do?"; one told France 24 that concerned bystanders had kept vigil by the bodies, and his photograph showed "a rare moment when they moved away". An article in Nanni Magazine suggested that foreshortening in the published photographs made the beachgoers appear closer to the bodies than was the case. Some locals said that those who remained on the beach were "Ukrainians or Poles".
The girls were given an Eastern Orthodox funeral service in the Roma camp in Naples, attended by 300 Roma and city and regional representatives. It was followed by a 10-day wake. They were buried in Qualiano cemetery. The local Catholic parish and the Community of Sant'Egidio organised a memorial mass at nearby Ercolano on 23 July "to send a message of love and solidarity". A meeting of Naples comune council agreed unanimously to name a street after the girls. Sant'Egidio held anniversary prayer services in later years.
Roberto Malini of human rights body EveryOne Groups cast doubt on the official version of events, suggesting a cover up for homicide. The girls' mother denied this and insisted that they had drowned. In October 2009, the girls' next of kin brought a lawsuit against Bacoli and Monte di Procida municipalities for failure to provide the required marine safety measures at the beach.
SEPSA — Spettatori all'esequie di passeggeri senz'anima, a 2009 play by , is based on two events: the Torregaveta drownings and the death, also in Naples, of Petru Bîrlădeanu, a Romanian street musician killed by crossfire in a Camorra shootout.
Footnotes
Citations
See also
Bystander effect
2008 deaths
2008 in Italy
21st century in Naples
Accidental deaths in Italy
Antiziganism in Europe
Child deaths
Crowd psychology
Death of women
Deaths by person in Italy
Deaths by drowning
Italian people of Yugoslav descent
Italian Romani people
Racism in Italy
Romani advocacy
Romani in Italy
Romani-related controversies
Sisters
David Broockman is an American political scientist. He is an associate professor of Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley. He is best known for his research on political persuasion and reducing prejudice toward transgender people and undocumented immigrants, which has been widely covered in the national and international press.
Early life and education
He was raised in Texas. Broockman has a B.A. from Yale University. He has a PhD in Political Science from University of California, Berkeley.
Career
Broockman's career in academia began in 2015, when he became an assistant professor at the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University. He was promoted to associate professor at Stanford in 2019 when he also became a National Fellow at the Hoover Institution. In 2020, he moved to become an associate professor of Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley.
Research
When Contact Changes Minds
In 2015, while still a graduate student, Broockman along with Joshua Kalla and Peter Aronow, "expos[ed] one of the biggest scientific frauds in recent memory." They showed that a prominent study entitled "When Contact Changes Minds: An Experiment on Transmission of Support for Gay Equality” published in Science Magazine was fraudulent. The scientific paper was retracted after the senior author, Donald Green, requested that it be so. For exposing the fraud, Broockman and Kalla won the 2015 Leamer-Rosenthal Prize for Transparency in the Social Sciences.
The fraudulent paper purported to show that a single canvassing conversation can increase support for same-sex marriage in a durable way. The finding of fraud raised many doubts about the role of canvassing in political persuasion. Although the scientific article was found to be fraudulent, Broockman and Kalla conjectured that the underlying claim that high-quality door-to-door canvassing conversations could decrease prejudice might be true. In a subsequent article published in Science Magazine, Broockman and Kalla demonstrated that door-to-door canvassing successfully reduces transgender prejudice, with the effects persisting months later in follow-up surveys.
Other Research
Broockman and Kalla have also published on the minimal effects of most persuasive interventions.
Broockman's other research has also received significant public attention. For example, in a 2013 study, Broockman argues that legislators consistently believe their constituents are more conservative than they actually are. Some conjectured that this study explained why it is so challenging to pass liberal laws.
Broockman has also critiqued prevailing understandings of political polarization. In a 2015 study, he argued that many voters do not have moderate views, and are happy to see polarized politicians representing them. He has also argued that affective polarization does not meaningfully undermine political accountability.
In a 2017 article with Neil Malhotra, he argues that there is significant heterogeneity in the preferences of wealthy individuals. The article shows that technology entrepreneurs support liberal redistributive, social, and globalist policies but conservative regulatory policies which is a combination of preferences that is rare among wealthy political donors more generally.
Articles
A wall of skyscrapers along Ocean Beach? It could happen if S.F. doesn't stop bungling its planning process (2022) on San Francisco Chronicle
Bernie Sanders looks electable in surveys — but it could be a mirage (2020) on Vox Media
Persuading voters is hard. That doesn't mean campaigns should give up. (2017) on Washington Post
Awards
Broockman has won numerous scholarly awards. In 2014, he won the Lawrence Longely award for the best paper published on representation and electoral systems. In 2015, he shared the Leamer-Rosenthal Prize for Transparency in the Social Sciences. In 2017, he shared the Cialdini prize from the Society for Personality and Social Psychology. In 2019, he shared the Joseph L. Bernd award for the best article published in the Journal of Politics. In 2020, he won the Emerging Scholar Award from the American Political Science Association's Elections, Public Opinion, and Voting Behavior section.
Selected publications
References
American political scientists
Living people
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Yale College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Julio César Irrazábal León (born 25 November 1980 in San Juan del Paraná, Itapúa) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Deportivo Capiatá.
After playing for clubs in Spain and Argentina, on 26 June 2008 he signed with Cerro Porteño a contract of a year of duration.
Clubs
References
External links
Profile & Statistics at Guardian's Stats Centre
Argentine Primera statistics
1980 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguay international footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Paraguayan people of Basque descent
Association football defenders
Club Sol de América footballers
Hércules CF players
Club Guaraní players
Club Nacional footballers
Cerro Porteño players
River Plate (Asunción) footballers
CR Vasco da Gama players
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Aldosivi footballers
Sportivo Carapeguá footballers
Sportivo Luqueño players
Deportivo Capiatá players
Segunda División players
Paraguayan Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Mohen Leo is a visual effects supervisor.
Leo has worked on films since 1997, he received a nomination at the 89th Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects. This was for the film Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. His nomination was shared with Neil Corbould, Hal Hickel and John Knoll.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Visual effects supervisors
Pak Djoko's flap-legged gecko (Gekko iskandari), also known commonly as Iskandar's wolf gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Sulawesi.
Etymology
The specific name, iskandari, is in honour of Indonesian herpetologist Djoko Tjahono Iskandar.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of G. iskandari is forest.
Reproduction
G. iskandari is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Brown, Rafe M.; Supriatna, Jatna; Ota, Hidetoshi (2000). "Discovery of a New Species of Luperosaurus (Squamata; Gekkonidae) from Sulawesi, with a Phylogenetic Analysis of the Genus, and Comments on the Status of Luperosaurus serraticaudus ". Copeia 2000 (1): 191–209. (Luperosaurus iskandari, new species).
Gekko
Endemic fauna of Indonesia
Reptiles of Sulawesi
Reptiles described in 2000
Taxa named by Rafe M. Brown
Taxa named by Hidetoshi Ota
Impossible is Nothing may refer to:
A commercial slogan by sports apparel manufacturer Adidas
Impossible Is Nothing (video résumé), an inadvertently humorous video by internet phenomenon Aleksey Vayner
"Impossible Is Nothing" (Iggy Azalea song)
"Impossible Is Nothing" (Tonic Breed song)
See also
Nothing Is Impossible (disambiguation)
Network is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CTV for one season during the 1962-63 television season. The show was co-hosted by Bill Brady and Denyse Ange. Live and taped segments were aired from either the studio or elsewhere in Canada.
External links
TVArchive.ca article
1962 Canadian television series debuts
1963 Canadian television series endings
CTV Television Network original programming
1960s Canadian variety television series
Gerard Menuhin (born 1948 in Scotland) is a Holocaust denier and activist, associated with the neo-Nazi movement in Germany.
His book Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil, published in 2015, argues that the Holocaust is "the biggest lie in history", that Jews are an "alien, demonic force which seeks to dominate the world", that "Jews are flooding Europe with non-white races", to create a "society of racial mongrels, under the rule of a 'new Jewish nobility, and plan to "create a one-world government". Menuhin argues that "the world owes Adolf Hitler an apology".
He is the son of the violinist Yehudi Menuhin and dancer Diana Gould, and brother of pianist Jeremy Menuhin.
Background
Born in July 1948 in Scotland, he is the son of violinist Yehudi Menuhin, who was Jewish and Diana Gould, an English ballerina who was a gentile. He attended Eton College, completing his studies at Stanford University in California. The brother of the pianist Jeremy Menuhin, Gerard did not want to follow in the footsteps of his father or brother and decided to enter into acting. In London's Mermaid Theatre, he landed a role in the Erich Kästner-piece Emil and the Detectives.
In December 1970, when Menuhin was 22, he and his father temporarily lost their American citizenship after they were granted Swiss citizenship, as American law at the time did not permit dual citizenship.
In 1985, he published his first book, a novel, Elmer, which was panned by critics.
Menuhin was, until November 2005, the CEO of the German chapter of the Yehudi Menuhin Foundation. He was representative of the Menuhin family on the Board of the Menuhin Festival Gstaad in Gstaad, Switzerland. In June 2007, he took up the post as president of the Yehudi Menuhin Foundation in Grenchen, Switzerland. Since 2009, there is no indication to be found of Menuhin's continuing administrative position with the Menuhin Festival Gstaad.
He has previously worked for Menuhin IP Management GmbH (Menuhin IP Management Ltd liab Co) (Menuhin IP Management Sàrl) in Schöfflisdorf which owns the official Yehudi Menuhin website. The content of the website, however, is controlled by two of Yehudi Menuhin's other children, Jeremy Menuhin and Zamira Menuhin Benthall, as directors of SYM Music Company Limited.
Controversy over extremist views
A supporter of Adolf Hitler, Menuhin writes about Jews: "It remains for Jews only to imitate or destroy what they can never have or become, and to undermine the homogeneous social fabric via their political stooges, by civil-war-induced migrations and so-called anti-discriminatory legislation, including attacks on such core values as the traditional family, through contrived 'gender neutral' and radical feminist ideologies and 'movements.'"
He considers himself anti-Zionist. Until 2005, his political views had barely registered with the outside world, even though he has a regular column in the Munich-based ultra-German nationalist National Zeitung. Because of Gerard Menuhin's extremist or nationalistic utterances, he was relieved of his post as chairman on 12 November 2005 by the Yehudi Menuhin Foundation Germany. The London Times Berlin correspondent Roger Boyes reported a few days later, that Menuhin had "outed himself as a clear sympathiser with the neo-Nazi cause in two interviews he gave. In Deutsche Stimme" the newspaper of the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany (NDP), "he used classical anti-Semitic language while still staying within the boundaries of German law".
"Apart from a few curious comments about America, we weren't really aware of his politics", Winfried Kneip, YMF's chief executive, said. Alarmed by press reports, from the Spiegel website among others, the Foundation took notice, that Gerard Menuhin had given interviews to the National Zeitung, writing a column named "Menuhin and how he sees the world", and also in the newspaper of the far-right NDP's Deutsche Stimme (German Voice).
In November 2014, Israeli media referred to Menuhin as an example of a "Jewish anti-Semite" and "anti-Israel extremist". An article in The Jerusalem Post asserted that he "authored columns in the National-Zeitung, a paper infamous for its neo-Nazi and right-wing extremist ideas. He has also provided a fiercely anti-Israel interview with the pro-Iranian regime extremist German-language website, Muslim-Markt."
Gerard Menuhin's book Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil was published in 2015. According to Menuhin, the Holocaust is "the biggest lie in history" and "Germany has no blame for the Second World War".
Personal life
Menuhin married Eva Struyvenberg in New York in March 1983, the daughter of Albert Struyvenberg from Seattle. In 1990, he and Eva had one child together, Maxwell Duncan Menuhin, but later divorced.
Bibliography
Elmer, Hutchinson, 1985, .
Die Antwort, FZ-Verlag, 2007, (German).
Tell the Truth and Shame the Devil, Barnes Review, 2015, .
Lies & Gravy: Landmarks in Human Decay, Castle Hill Publishers, 2019, .
Lived It Wrong: An Autobiography, Reconquista Press, 2020, .
References
External links
Official website
"I have confidence in the German people" Interview with Gerard in the National Gazette
Interview with Gerard Menuhin
1948 births
Living people
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American autobiographers
American emigrants to Switzerland
American Holocaust deniers
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
British emigrants to Switzerland
Far-right politics in Germany
Antisemitism in Germany
Scottish activists
British Holocaust deniers
British people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Naturalised citizens of Switzerland
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Swiss people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Sons of life peers
SC DHfK Leipzig Handball is a German handball team from Leipzig, Germany, that plays in the Handball-Bundesliga. It was one of the strongest GDR clubs in late 1950s and 1960s.
History
The SC DHfK Leipzig was founded in 1954 as a sports club of the Deutsche Hochschule für Körperkultur (German University for Physical Culture). During the time in the GDR, the club's handball section won six national championships (1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1965, 1966) and won the GDR Cup twice. In addition, it won the EHF Champions League in the 1965/1966 season and defeated Budapest Honvéd in the final on 22 April 1966 (16:14). In 1975, the authorities decided to dissolve the handball section and transfer all the players to another club in the city, SC Leipzig. On 30 June 1993, the handball department was re-established at SC DHfK. In June 1995, due to financial problems, the handball division was disbanded again. Finally, in 2007, the DHfK handball section was revived for the third time at the lowest level of German handball. It returned to the Handball-Bundesliga in the 2015–2016 season.
Crest, colours, supporters
Kit manufacturers
Kits
Sports hall information
Name: – Arena Leipzig
City: – Leipzig
Capacity: – 8000
Address: – Am Sportforum 2 04105 Leipzig, Germany
Accomplishments
EHF Champions League:
: 1966
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2022–23 season
Technical staff
Head Coach: André Haber
Assistant Coach: Miloš Putera
Athletic Trainer: Hagen Pietrek
Physiotherapist: Leon Brettschneider
Club Doctor: Dr. Pierre Hepp
Transfers
Transfers for the 2022–23 season
Joining
Viggó Kristjánsson (RB) (from TVB 1898 Stuttgart)
Marino Marić (LP) (from MT Melsungen) Tim Matthes (LW) (from Füchse Berlin)''
Leaving
Alen Milosevic (LP)
Gregor Remke (RB)
Marc Esche (LW)
Previous squads
EHF ranking
Former club members
Notable former players
Joel Birlehm (2019–2022)
Simon Ernst (2021–)
Rico Göde (2012–2014)
Benjamin Herth (2016)
Klaus Franke (1959–1971)
Maximilian Janke (2015–2021)
Yves Kunkel (2017–2018)
Philipp Müller (2019–2021)
Niclas Pieczkowski (2016–2021)
Andreas Rojewski (2016–2019)
Bastian Roscheck (2013–2021)
Franz Semper (2013–2020)
Christoph Steinert (2015–2017)
Hans-Joachim Ursinus (1963–1974)
Jens Vortmann (2016–2020)
Luca Witzke (2019–)
Philipp Weber (2013–2016, 2017–2021)
Raul Santos (2018–2020)
Šime Ivić (2021–)
Lovro Jotić (2021–)
Marko Mamić (2019–)
Marino Marić (2022–)
Pavel Prokopec (2012–2014)
René Villadsen (2018–2019)
Patrick Wiesmach (2018–)
Mohamed El-Tayar (2022–)
Joël Abati (2011)
Viggó Kristjánsson (2019, 2022–)
Aivis Jurdžs (2015–2019)
Kristian Sæverås (2020–)
Henrik Ruud Tovås (2013–2015)
Maciej Gębala (2018–)
Igor Lyovshin (2013)
Goran Stojanović (2011)
Alen Milosevic (2013–2022)
Miloš Putera (2015–2019)
Tobias Rivesjö (2016–2018)
Oskar Sunnefeldt (2021–)
Former coaches
References
External links
Official website
German handball clubs
Sport in Leipzig
Handball clubs established in 1954
1954 establishments in Germany
Handball-Bundesliga
The Sisi Chapel () is a Gothic Revival-style chapel located in the Sievering area of the Viennese district of Döbling near the Vienna Woods (Wienerwald).
History
The Sisi Chapel was built on the occasion of the marriage of Empress Elisabeth and Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria on April 24, 1854, in Vienna. Johann Carl Freiherr von Sothen commissioned architect Johan A. Garben to design the chapel and construct it in Am Himmel, a popular recreational area between the Sievering area (Döbling district) and the Vienna Woods. The chapel was intended to serve both as a memorial to the historic event and a gravesite for Freiherr von Sothen and his wife Franziska. The chapel was erected between 1854 and 1856 according to the plans of Garben by the city builder Josef Kastan. The chapel was consecrated to the patron saints of the Imperial couple on July 31, 1856: Saint Elisabeth, Saint Francis of Assisi, and Saint Joseph.
In the 20th century, the chapel decayed as a result of atmospheric action, contaminant loads, and acts of war. To prevent vandalism, the altarpiece was dismantled. In 1997, the "Caucus Wood" acquired a large part of the Am Himmel area and purchased the chapel for 3,500 Euros from Caritas in 2002. The Caucus then initiated the renovation of the chapel as part of the overall revitalization of the area.
After several years of work, which required a total of 1.1 million Euros partially financed by the Vienna Old Town Preservation Fund, the chapel was completed in 2005. During the renovation, the inner room was reshaped to give a tangible experience of how nature and culture are interrelated. To accomplish this, a new glass roof was mounted. In addition, fourteen monitors recessed in the wall stage a kind of ordeal suffered by nature through the interventions of man.
References
The information in this article is based on a translation of its German equivalent.
External links
Am Himmel
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1856
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Austria
Roman Catholic churches in Vienna
Buildings and structures in Döbling
Gothic Revival church buildings in Austria
Empress Elisabeth of Austria
Comitas kenneti is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Description
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand and fossils were found in Upper Miocene strata of the Wairarapa District.
References
Beu, A. G. "Bathyal Upper Miocene Mollusca from Wairarapa District, New Zealand." Royal Society of New Zealand, 1970.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
kenneti
Gastropods described in 1970
Gastropods of New Zealand
Alex Afonso (born 24 March 1981 in Jaú, São Paulo) was a Brazilian football (soccer) forward.
Career
Alex Afonso previously played for Fortaleza, Portuguesa and Palmeiras. On 20 April 2009 Paraná Clube bought the new player from Miami FC in the USL First Division., the player signed until June 2009.
On 1 July 2010, Alex Afonso moved to Grupo Desportivo Estoril Praia in the Portugal.
Honors
Individual
USL First Division Top Scorer: 2008
References
External links
Guardian's Stats Centre
Brazilian footballers
1981 births
Living people
F.C. Alverca players
Clube Atlético Bragantino players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Guarani FC players
Ituano FC players
Marília Atlético Clube players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube São Bento players
USL First Division players
Miami FC (2006) players
Portimonense S.C. players
G.D. Estoril Praia players
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
Association football forwards
Sydney "Syd" Reid (born in Troed-y-rhiw) was a Welsh professional footballer, who played for English club Luton Town.
Playing career
Reid played his early football with his local club Troed-y-rhiw Star, but turned professional in March 1922 when Luton Town brought him to England to bolster their forward line. He made his debut for Luton on 18 March 1922, in a 1–1 draw at Brighton & Hove Albion. He played ten more games during the rump end of the 1921–22 season, and scored his first Luton goal in his third match, a 1–1 draw with Watford at Kenilworth Road on 1 April. His second goal came a week later, in the return fixture at Vicarage Road as Luton lost 4–1. He ended the season with two goals from 11 matches.
Reid's English football career took off during 1922–23, his first full season in Bedfordshire. He scored four goals during a 6–1 demolition of Swansea Town on 24 January, and in doing so scored his first hat-trick for the club. He finished the campaign as Luton's top scorer, with 18 goals from 33 matches. Injuries ruled him out for the majority of 1923–24 as well as the first three months of 1924–25 — however, he still finished as the club's joint top scorer with 12 in 26 games. 1925–26 saw only fleeting appearances from Reid, but by 1926–27 he was back as he top scored once again with 21 goals. A haul of 19 during 1927–28 proved to be a last hurrah — Luton now had two prolific goalscorers in Andy Rennie and Jimmy Yardley, and decided to let the injury-prone Reid go. After 81 goals in only 143 professional matches, Reid ended his playing days with Luton Amateurs.
References
Footballers from Merthyr Tydfil
Association football forwards
Welsh footballers
English Football League players
Luton Town F.C. players
Year of birth missing
With a Smile could refer to:
Film and TV
With a Smile (TV series), a Filipino television series
With a Smile (film) (Avec le sourire), a 1936 Maurice Chevalier comedy film
Music
Albums
With a Smile, album by David T. Walker 2007
With a Smile and a Song (album), an album by Doris Day
Songs
"Avec le sourire" ("With a Smile"), 1907 song and comic routine by Maurice Chevalier, after which the 1936 film was named
"With a Smile" (Eraserheads song), a song by Filipino band Eraserheads
"With a Smile", song by Gladys Knight, composed by Peter Neville, from 1998 album Many Different Roads
"With a Smile", song by Ray Stevens from album Be Your Own Best Friend
"With a Smile", song by Royal Bliss from 2012 album Waiting Out the Storm
"With a Smile and a Song" (song), a song written by Frank Churchill
G-Star High School of the Arts for Film, Animation and Performing Arts is a public charter high school located in West Palm Beach, Florida, United States.
Curriculum
G-Star offers students traditional curriculum courses in math, language, and science at the standard level, Advanced Placement level (AP), and at the International Baccalaureate level (through the IB Program). Unique to the school, students get to choose between "film" or "theatre" as their art major for the duration of their matriculation.
School Statistics
On average, G-Star students are likely to perform 6% better than the school district average in maths and 16% better than the school district average in reading. Though G-Star has a 95% graduation rate, the school's College Readiness Index is poor at 36.8/100. This low score is mainly attributable to - (1) low AP participation rate: approximately 53% of the student body took at least one AP® Exam and (2) a low passing rate: 23% of the student body passed at least one AP® Exam.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in West Palm Beach, Florida
High schools in Palm Beach County, Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Charter schools in Florida
2003 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 2003
The 1957 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the tenth edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo. It included eleven races: all the races form the 1956 edition were retained with no additions. Fred De Bruyne won the second of his three individual championships while Belgium retained the nations championship.
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
(pronounced as I-A-I) is a football stadium in Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, Japan. It is currently mostly used for football matches and has been the home stadium of the J-League's Shimizu S-Pulse since 1992. The stadium holds 20,248 people and was opened in 1991. In November 2008 a four-year naming deal effective from March 2009 was announced expected to earn S-Pulse 360,000,000 yen. The stadium was known as The Outsourcing Stadium until February 2013. As Shizuoka City and Shimizu S-Pulse reached a 5-year deal with IAI Corporation, a manufacturer industrial robots, the stadium has been renamed as IAI Stadium Nihondaira effective 1 March 2013. This sponsorship deal was extended a further five years in 2018.
History
The stadium first opened in 1991 with the Main Stand as it appears today, with seating in front of grass banks on the other three sides. The initial capacity of seating was 13,000, rising to 15,000 with the grass banking included. In its debut year the stadium was used to host the football tournament of the annual All Japan High School Athletics Meet.
In 1994 the stadium was substantially expanded, adding two-tiered stands behind each goal, and an enlarged Back Stand. In 1995 the capacity reached 20339. Following the installation of an elevator in the Back Stand, the capacity now stands at 20,248. Future expansion is far from impossible, although limited access to the stadium is the biggest hurdle. With the stadium not meeting J. League guidelines for the minimum percentage of seats covered from the elements, the club is exploring the possibility of building a new home.
The stadium's pitch has received the award for the J. League's best kept playing a record nine times. This was in 2004, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015. The Best Pitch Award was abolished in 2016.
When the stadium was built a score board was situated behind the east stand. This was moved to above the west stand following the 1994 expansion. This scoreboard fell out of use, and at the start of the 2007 season a new Astro Vision giant video screen was unveiled in the southeast corner of the ground. The former scoreboard has been repurposed as an advertising hoarding for the stadium sponsor.
2007 and 2008 saw S-Pulse host all home league games at Nihondaira for the first time since 1999. Prior to 1999 S-Pulse often played at the Kusanagi Athletic Stadium. Between 2009 and 2014 the team's higher profile games were frequently hosted at higher capacity arenas; most commonly Ecopa Stadium. Since 2015 the club has played all league and cup games at Nihondaira.
The stadium
The stadium is composed of four separate, all-seated stands:
The Kop is home to S-Pulse's most vociferous and colourful supporters, with the presence of a supporter band each home game creating a carnival atmosphere.
A percentage of the opposite East Stand is given over to visiting fans. For large followings, the whole stand is occasionally provided for away fans, such as for the local derby against Jubilo Iwata. The lower tier of The Kop and the East Stand are bench seating, with all other areas having individual seats.
With the exception of the central areas of the Main Stand and the Back Stand, all seats at Nihondaira are unreserved.
The roof mystery
A distinctive feature of the ground is the roof of the Back Stand, and there are several competing theories as to why it runs only two-thirds of the pitch. The most popular of these purports it was intentionally built short so as to afford unobscured views of Mount Fuji across Suruga Bay. However, the reality is that an access road behind the stand has prevented the laying of the foundations necessary to support the roof. Redirecting this access road would take substantial redevelopment of the surrounding road layout which has thus far not proved a worthwhile expense.
Records
Record Attendance: 21,931 - Shimizu S-Pulse vs Júbilo Iwata, April 27th 1996
Access
The stadium is located behind a residential area in Shimizu Ward, Shizuoka on the edge of the Nihondaira mountains which divide Shizuoka City. The stadium is surrounded on two sides by green tea fields and due to its elevated position provides panoramic views across Shimizu and Suruga Bay.
The nearest station to the stadium is Shimizu, however, being over 4 km from the ground, the majority of spectators arrive on foot or by shuttle bus services from Shimizu Station and Shizuoka Station. Shuttle bus service starts running three hours before kick off, but for supporters wishing to arrive earlier, local bus lines have services running near Nihondaira, with the closest bus stops ten minutes walk from the stadium. The nearest Shinkansen station is ten minutes by local train west of Shimizu at Shizuoka.
A limited number of general use car parks are available within walking distance of the stadium. Parking adjacent to the stadium is available by prior arrangement only.
Photo gallery
References
External links
Shimizu S-Pulse Homepage Stadium Guide
Nihondaira Stadium website
Nihondaira Sports Park website
Football venues in Japan
Shimizu S-Pulse
Buildings and structures in Shizuoka (city)
Multi-purpose stadiums in Japan
Sports venues in Shizuoka Prefecture
Martha Louise “Märta” Andersson (also known as Märta Ingemansson and Märta Karlsson) (14 February 1925 – 2 December 2018) was a Swedish gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1925 births
2018 deaths
Swedish female artistic gymnasts
Olympic gymnasts of Sweden
Gymnasts at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Dimos (Greek: Δήμος) may refer to the following people:
Given name
Dimos Baxevanidis (born 1988), Greek football player
Dimos Dikoudis (born 1977), Greek basketball player
Dimos Manglaras (born 1940), Greek long jumper
Surname
Jimmy Dimos (born 1938), American judge
See also
Dimo (name)
Greek masculine given names
The Last Good Time is a 1994 American drama film, released in early 1995, starring Armin Mueller-Stahl, Olivia d'Abo, Maureen Stapleton and Lionel Stander in his final theatrical role. Directed by Bob Balaban, the film was based on a 1984 novel of the same name by Richard Bausch.
Plot summary
The film opens showing a small New York City apartment building at night, where a young couple
on the top floor are seen arguing. Charlotte (d'Abo) throws a bag out of her window, with some contents landing
on the window sill of downstairs neighbor Joseph (Mueller-Stahl). Joseph takes some of the items, which includes a locker key, and by the next day, Charlotte and her boyfriend Eddie (Adrian Pasdar) have apparently vacated the premises.
Focus is then shifted towards Joseph, a widowed German/Jewish violinist who lives a
simple yet structured everyday routine that includes writing in a journal about what he will wear, visiting Howard (Stander), an old friend at a nursing home who is in the final stages of Alzheimer's disease, trying to make arrangements on a tax debt, buying food at a discount grocery store, and then returning home to read books and play his violin.
Charlotte returns to the apartment the following evening to recover missing contents from her bag, but notices her boyfriend's car pull up while doing so and quickly rushes into the building. She asks Joseph for a towel to dry off after the heavy rain, but subsequently collapses on his apartment floor. He
gives her a blanket and pillow and lets her sleep there.
After some hesitation, Joseph lets Charlotte stay in his apartment indefinitely. Despite
the age difference, the two slowly form a platonic bond; Joseph discusses his past violin career and
interest in philosophers; Charlotte reveals that her now former boyfriend Eddie was involved in
organized crime and that the relationship was purely for financial reasons. Charlotte is additionally
impressed that Joseph – despite his age – could remember the words of philosophers, whereas her
former boyfriend – a one-time musician – could barely remember "words to his own songs."
While the two opposites slowly forge a more intimate relationship, matters begin to change dramatically for
Joseph – due to tax collectors, he is forced to withdraw his life savings of $6000 from his bank account; his
old friend Howard dies, and upon returning home with Charlotte from a bar one night, he finds his
apartment ransacked, his violin smashed and his entire life savings stolen. Frank (Kevin Corrigan), Eddie's fellow gangster,
had been following Charlotte around and traced her to Joseph's apartment. Joseph then gives Charlotte
the missing locker key, the item Eddie and Frank were looking for. Charlotte angrily asks Joseph why he had
this all along but never gave it to her, and Joseph explains because he didn't want her to leave.
Joseph, back to being the lonely man he was before, slowly reconciles with his elderly neighbor Ida (Stapleton),
who he introduced to Charlotte and Howard, but had also been unfriendly towards for being too inquisitive about his life.
Charlotte returns a few days later informing Joseph she sold the locker key to one of Eddie's criminal associates for $7000.
She gives Joseph $6000 of that money – the sum Joseph lost – and keeps the remaining $1000 for herself to start her life over, claiming she
knows a friend in the city who owes her a favor. The two kiss and say goodbye.
The same morning, Joseph knocks on Ida's door and asks if she would like to accompany him on a NYC ferry the next day. Ida is interested, and Joseph agrees to pick her up the next morning.
Critical response
The limited release indie film received a plurality of positive reviews from critics, earning a "89% Fresh" rating at Rotten Tomatoes.
Additionally, the film won awards at France's Avignon Film Festival and Long Island's Hamptons International Film Festival.
References
External links
The Last Good Time at Rotten Tomatoes
1994 films
1990s romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Films about classical music and musicians
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Bob Balaban
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
American independent films
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
1994 drama films
1995 drama films
1995 films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in Serbia.
Incumbents
President: Tomislav Nikolić
Prime Minister: Aleksandar Vučić
Events
April 24 - Serbian parliamentary election, 2016
August 5–21 - 72 athletes from Serbia will compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
References
2010s in Serbia
Years of the 21st century in Serbia
Serbia
Rolf Schock (; 5 April 1933 – 5 December 1986) was a Swedish–American philosopher and artist, born in Cap-d'Ail, France of German parents.
Biography
Schock was born at Cap-d'Ail on the French Riviera. His parents, who had left Germany, would eventually settle in the United States, where Schock would go on to obtain a bachelor's degree in geology at the University of New Mexico. After completing a bachelor of arts in 1955, he pursued studies in philosophy and logic from 1956 to 1960 at the University of California, first in Berkeley and then in Los Angeles (UCLA), and in 1960 moved to Stockholm, Sweden, to specialize in theoretical philosophy at Stockholm University with a particular interest in free logic. He was awarded an intermediate post-graduate degree in 1964 and a Ph.D.
During the period 1964–1969 he also studied at the University College of Arts, Crafts and Design in Stockholm and he dedicated a lot of his time to painting and photography in addition to conducting research. He led a simple life as an independent scholar who was devoted to researching the field of logic and related areas in philosophy, and never held a permanent position, earning a living by temporary teaching assignments at universities and night-schools. For some years he was affiliated with the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, where he taught a series of courses.
In 1986 Schock was killed in an accident in Berlin. To much surprise he left a large estate. Schock bequeathed half of the funds for prizes in the arts and sciences, and beginning in 1993, Schock Prizes () instituted by his will are awarded every two or three years.
In his later life Schock criticized Albert Einstein's theory of relativity.
Selected publications
Logics Without Existence Assumptions (1968)
New Foundations for Concept Theory (1969)
The Inconsistency of the Theory of Relativity (1981)
On the Nature of Time (1983)
References
1933 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Swedish philosophers
Relativity critics
Swedish logicians
Swedish philosophers
Stockholm University alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
Interstate 440 (I-440), also known as the Raleigh Beltline, the Cliff Benson Beltline, or locally as The Beltline, is an Interstate Highway in the US state of North Carolina. I-440 is a partial beltway that nearly encircles central Raleigh. I-440 begins in west Raleigh at an interchange with I-40 as a continuation of U.S. Highway 64 (US 64)/US 1 and traverses a primarily residential area in west Raleigh. The freeway makes a turn toward the east, crossing US 70, Six Forks Road, and Wake Forest Road. US 1 branches north off I-440 at US 401 (Capital Boulevard), becoming US 401/US 1. I-440 turns toward the southeast and follows a brief concurrency with U.S. Highway 64 Business (US 64 Bus.) before intersecting I-87/US 64/US 264. US 64 and I-87 are concurrent with I-440 along the remainder of the road's southwesterly routing. Exit 16 is the last exit on I-440, where I-440 splits to join either I-40 eastbound and westbound.
The Raleigh Beltline was formed from a number of highway segments, the earliest of which had been in place since 1959. The loop was completed in 1984 under multiple route designations. To avoid confusion along the beltline, I-440 was routed along the entirety of the beltline and shared a concurrency with its parent, I-40, along the loop's southern segment (Tom Bradshaw Freeway). In 2008, the I-440 designation was removed from the section of I-40/US 64 in southeast Raleigh. The highway's original "inner" and "outer" designations were also removed and replaced with compass directions (e.g., east/west). The easternmost of the I-440 was rebuilt in 2015 as part of the larger widening project along I-40 in South Raleigh, while the westernmost , the oldest segment and one which is not up to Interstate standards, is currently undergoing widening and upgrading and is scheduled to be complete by 2023.
Route description
I-440 begins on the western side of Raleigh at an interchange between I-40/US 1/US 64 (exits 1A and 1B), heading northeast concurrently with US 1. US 1/US 64 continues to the southwest on the same freeway. The freeway has an interchange with Jones Franklin Road (exit 1C) just over from its western terminus. Continuing northeast, the freeway runs between residential neighborhoods and has a partial interchange with Melbourne Road (exit 1D). Exit 2 provides access Western Boulevard, a major arterial road that connects west Raleigh with north Cary. From there, the freeway slowly begins to turn toward the north and completes the turn after a partial cloverleaf interchange with NC 54 (Hillsborough Street) at exit 3. North of that interchange, the freeway continues west of Meredith College and east of North Carolina State University's Centennial Biomedical Campus. East of there, exit 4 is a cloverleaf interchange with Wade Avenue, which provides access to PNC Arena and Carter–Finley Stadium. The freeway turns slightly to the northeast to have an interchange with Lake Boone Trail (exit 5). Approaching US 70, the freeway makes another slight turn toward the northeast. An incomplete interchange at exit 6 serves Ridge Road directly before the US 70 cloverleaf interchange at exit 7. From there, the freeway turns to the east and runs between more neighborhoods in the North Hills area of Raleigh. After an interchange with Six Forks Road (exit 8), which provides access to the North Hills shopping center, I-440 turns southeasterly.
The freeway passes south of Duke Raleigh Hospital after an interchange with Wake Forest Road (exit 10). Continuing to the southeast, the freeway crosses over Atlantic Avenue along with a railroad operated by CSX Transportation. Turning again to the southeast, a cloverleaf interchange at exit 11 provides access to US 401 (Capital Boulevard), which marks the end of the US 1 concurrency, as US 1 turns to the north to join Capital Boulevard. The freeway begins to parallel Crabtree Creek as it continues southeast. At exit 12, there are two incomplete exits: Yonkers Road is served by I-440 eastbound, while Brentwood Road and Noblin Road are served by I-440 westbound. A partial cloverleaf interchange at exit 13 serves New Bern Avenue along with US 64 Bus. eastbound. US 64 Bus. is concurrent with I-440 until exit 14. Immediately before reaching I-87/US 64/US 264 at exit 14, the freeway turns directly south. The freeway, along with several exit ramps, crosses over Crabtree Creek and a railroad owned by the Carolina Coastal Railway. US 64 continues concurrently with I-440 to the south. After an interchange with Poole Road (exit 15), the Interstate turns to the west along the southern side of Walnut Creek Park. Exit 16 is the last exit on I-440 and is used to serve I-40 eastbound. I-440 and I-87 continue to the west another before both terminating at I-40 westbound. US 64 continues concurrently with I-40.
History
The Raleigh "Belt Line" was planned during the early 1950s as a beltway around the city. By 1953, funds had been set aside for the portion between New Bern Avenue and North Boulevard (later renamed to Capital Boulevard). In September 1962, the first portion opened to traffic. This was the section from NC 55 in Apex to Western Boulevard in Raleigh. A few weeks later, another short section opened up to Hillsborough Street, just in time for the State Fair. The following January, the portion from Hillsborough Street to Glenwood Avenue opened. At this time, the freeway was signed as US 1 from Apex to Hillsborough Street. From there, US 1 followed Hillsborough Street east toward downtown. The remaining section of the freeway, running from Hillsborough Street north to Glenwood Avenue, remained unsigned.
Later in 1963, the northern section of the Raleigh Beltline was completed from Glenwood Avenue to North Boulevard (Capital Boulevard) where it met up with US 401. US 1 was then signed along the freeway from Hillsborough Street to North Boulevard, leaving its former routing through downtown Raleigh as US 1 Bus. The next year, US 64 was relocated to bypass Cary and connect with the US 1 freeway northeast of Apex. Also in 1964, a section of the Beltline opened, extending the freeway all the way to New Bern Avenue. US 64 was rerouted along the Beltline from just north of Apex to New Bern Avenue, where it (US 64) turned toward the east. The former routing of US 64 through downtown Raleigh became known as US 64 Bus.
The route remained unchanged until September 1972, when US 70/NC 50 was relocated from its routing along Glenwood Avenue and placed along the beltline from the Glenwood Avenue exit to North Boulevard, where the two roads then turned to the south and followed US 401 into downtown Raleigh. In 1975, construction began on a new extension of the beltline, which was to run from New Bern Avenue southwest to Hammond Road in south Raleigh. By 1976, plans to extend the road from New Bern Avenue south and then west to US 70/US 401/NC 50 (South Saunders Street) were formalized. The first leg of the new construction was opened later that year, extending the freeway south to Poole Road. In April 1984, the construction of the beltline along the southside of Raleigh was completed. US 70/US 401/NC 50 was rerouted from Downtown Boulevard (formerly North Boulevard, now called Capital Boulevard) along the eastside of the beltline to South Saunders Street, where both routes followed the road south toward Garner. The route change left the former routings through downtown Raleigh as secondary roads. US 64 was removed from the northern side of the beltline and placed along the new southern side from US 1 near Cary to New Bern Avenue. I-40 was rerouted from present-day Wade Avenue and along the new construction before ending at US 1.
In 1991, state highway administrator William G. Marley Jr. asked the Federal Highway Administration to call the Raleigh Beltline I-440. On July 16, 1991, I-440 was officially designated as a new beltway running along the entirety of the existing beltline. The new Interstate was cosigned with I-40 along the southside of Raleigh between exit 293/exit 1—where I-40, I-440, US 1, and US 64 met near Cary—and exit 301/exit 16, where I-40 turned to the south. I-440 was also cosigned with US 1 from exit 1 to Capital Boulevard (formerly Downtown Boulevard). US 64 was also signed along a brief concurrency with both I-440 and US 1 from exit 1 to Western Boulevard, where it turned east toward downtown. US 70, US 401, and NC 50 were rerouted from their beltline designations through downtown Raleigh, causing worries about traffic on downtown streets.
That year, work began on a seven-year, $53-million (equivalent to $ in ) project to expand the beltline to six lanes (three in each direction). Work in 1991 included widening a section of I-440 from Glen Eden Road to Wake Forest Road and rebuilding of the 30-year-old Glenwood Avenue bridge. Work began in early in 1993 to widen from Wake Forest Road to New Bern Avenue. On July 8, 1994, the state awarded the contract for widening to six lanes from Wade Avenue to Glen Eden Road. At that time, completion of the project's second phase was expected by June 1995, with phase three scheduled for completion in 1996. The section between New Bern Avenue and Poole Road were widened starting in 1996. Plans called for widening the section from Wade Avenue to I-40 several years later, but, even after several delays, the 2006–2012 NC Transportation Improvement Program did not include funding for the $77.3-million (equivalent to $ in ) upgrade. The project was considered complete in 1997 except for the delayed section.
The original I-440 designation used "inner" and "outer" labels rather than east and west labels because the freeway made a full loop around the city. "Inner" was used to designate the clockwise direction around the beltline, and "outer" was used to designate counterclockwise. In 2008, State Highway Administrator W. F. Rosser asked the US Department of Transportation to remove the I-440 designation from the southern portion of the beltline, where it was cosigned with I-40. This decision was primarily made to prevent confusion of travelers who used the highway. On November 10, 2008, I-440 was officially truncated on the western end at the I-40/US 1/US 64 interchange in western Raleigh and at the I-40 interchange in southeast Raleigh. The inner and outer labels were also dropped and replaced with east and west designations. The Federal Highway Administration route log has been updated to show the shortened distance. By 2010, the entirety of the highway's signs had been changed to the new designation.
I-440 was included in Project Fortify, a $130-million (equivalent to $ in ) project to replace pavement along the southern beltline, which was crumbling due to a chemical reaction known as alkali–silica reaction (ASR). I-440 was included in the first phase of the project, which included replacing the freeway's pavement from the I-495/US 64/US 264 exit to the eastern terminus of the freeway at I-440. Lane closures on the approximate section of the beltline began in December 2013. The project's first phase was completed in early 2015, with the I-40 section of the project expected to be completed in 2017.
Future
The North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) has designated a stretch of I-440, from Walnut Street to Wade Avenue, to be redesigned and widened to six lanes. Completed in 1960, it is the oldest section of the beltline; it features the original four lanes with minimal shoulders, substandard interchanges, and a merging left-lane onramp. A Purpose and Need Statement was completed in 2014, showing the need for the project through deficiencies in capacity, geometric (design of the roadway and interchanges), and road condition. NCDOT initially planned to spend $92 million, beginning with right-of-way acquisition in 2018.
The project began in earnest in late 2019 and is expected to be complete by mid-2023, with a revised cost estimate of $475 million. Concurrent with the widening of I-440 will be a redesign of Blue Ridge Road, which parallels this section of I-440, as well as new overpasses for several crossing streets and railroads.
Exit list
References
External links
40-4 North Carolina
40-4
440
440 North Carolina
Transportation in Wake County, North Carolina
Transportation in Raleigh, North Carolina
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in New Zealand.
Population
National
Estimated populations as at 30 June.
New Zealand total – 4,693,000
North Island – 3,596,200
South Island – 1,096,200
Main urban areas
Estimated populations as at 30 June.
Auckland – 1,495,000
Blenheim – 30,700
Christchurch – 389,700
Dunedin – 118,500
Gisborne – 36,100
Hamilton – 229,900
Invercargill – 50,700
Kapiti – 41,800
Napier-Hastings – 131,000
Nelson – 65,700
New Plymouth – 56,800
Palmerston North – 84,300
Rotorua – 57,800
Tauranga – 134,500
Wellington – 405,000
Whanganui – 39,600
Whangarei – 56,400
Incumbents
Regal and vice-regal
Head of State – Elizabeth II
Governor-General – Jerry Mateparae until 31 August, then Patsy Reddy from 28 September.
Government
2016 is the second full year of the 51st Parliament, which first sat on 21 October 2014.
The Fifth National Government, first elected in 2008, continues.
Speaker of the House – David Carter
Prime Minister – John Key (until 12 December), then Bill English
Deputy Prime Minister – Bill English (until 12 December), then Paula Bennett
Leader of the House – Gerry Brownlee
Minister of Finance – Bill English, then (from 20 December) Steven Joyce
Minister of Foreign Affairs – Murray McCully
Other party leaders
Labour – Andrew Little
Green – James Shaw and Metiria Turei
New Zealand First – Winston Peters
Māori Party – Te Ururoa Flavell and Marama Fox
ACT New Zealand – David Seymour
United Future – Peter Dunne
Judiciary
Chief Justice — Sian Elias
Main centre leaders
Mayor of Auckland – Len Brown, then from 1 November Phil Goff
Mayor of Tauranga – Stuart Crosby, then from 31 October Greg Brownless
Mayor of Hamilton – Julie Hardaker, then from 9 November Andrew King
Mayor of Wellington – Celia Wade-Brown, then from 26 October Justin Lester
Mayor of Christchurch – Lianne Dalziel
Mayor of Dunedin – Dave Cull
Events
January
February
8 February – Operation Neptune (New Zealand) begins.
14 February – Significant aftershock in Christchurch causing some cliffs to collapse.
March
3–24 March – Second referendum on changing the country's flag – existing flag retained
April
May
June
6 June – The 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours are announced
July
August
5–21 August – 132 athletes from New Zealand will compete in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
September
October
8 October – New Zealand local elections
November
14 November – A 7.5–7.8 MW earthquake strikes Kaikoura district as significant aftershock in Christchurch, which killed at least two people.
22 November – Operation Neptune (New Zealand) ends.
December
5 December – John Key announces that he will step down as New Zealand Prime Minister and leader of the National Party on 12 December
12 December – Bill English is sworn in as New Zealand's 39th Prime Minister, following the resignation of John Key
31 December – The 2017 New Year Honours are announced
Arts and literature
Performing arts
Benny Award presented by the Variety Artists Club of New Zealand to Suzanne Prentice OBE.
Sport
Awards
54th Halberg Awards (awarded 9 February 2017 for the 2016 calendar year)
Supreme Award – Lisa Carrington (canoeing)
Sportsman – Mahé Drysdale (rowing)
Sportswoman – Lisa Carrington (canoeing)
Team – Men's 49er class: Peter Burling & Blair Tuke (sailing)
Disabled Sportsperson – Liam Malone (athletics)
Coach – Gordon Walker (canoeing)
Emerging Talent – Campbell Stewart (cycling)
Olympics
New Zealand sends a team of 199 competitors across 20 sports.
Sprint canoeist Lisa Carrington becomes the first New Zealand women to win two medals in the same Olympic Games.
Paralympics
Swimmer Sophie Pascoe overtook Eve Rimmer to become New Zealand's most successful Paralympian in terms of medals won.
Athletics
Summer Olympics
Valerie Adams won the silver medal in the women's shot put (20.42 m)
Eliza McCartney won the bronze medal in the women's pole vault (4.80 m)
Tom Walsh won the bronze medal in the men's shot put (21.36 m)
Nick Willis won the bronze medal in the men's 1500 metres (3:50.24)
Summer Paralympics
Liam Malone won gold medals in the men's 200 metres T44 and men's 400 metres T44, and the silver medal in the men's 100 metres T44
Anna Grimaldi won the gold medal in the women's long jump T47
Holly Robinson won the silver medal in the women's javelin throw F46
William Stedman won bronze medals in the men's 400 metres T36 and the men's 800 metres T36.
Jess Hamill won the bronze medal in the women's shot put F34
Rory McSweeney won the bronze medal in the men's javelin throw F44
Rowing
Summer Olympics
Hamish Bond and Eric Murray won the gold medal in the men's coxless pair
Mahé Drysdale won the gold medal in the men's single sculls
Genevieve Behrent and Rebecca Scown won the silver medal in the women's coxless pair
New Zealand Secondary School Championships (Maadi Cup)
Maadi Cup (boys U18 coxed eight) – Christ's College
Levin 75th Jubilee Cup (girls U18 coxed eight) – Diocesan School for Girls
Star Trophy (overall points) – St Peter's School (Cambridge)
Shooting
Ballinger Belt – Malcolm Dodson (Kaituna/Blenheim)
Summer Olympics – Natalie Rooney won the silver medal in the women's trap shooting
Youth Olympics
New Zealand sends a team of 11 competitors in five sports.
Births
6 November – Probabeel, Thoroughbred racehorse
Deaths
January
2 January – Tim Francis, diplomat (born 1928)
5 January – Keith Thiele, World War II pilot (born 1921)
7 January – David Shale, mathematician (born 1932)
8 January – Ida Gaskin, schoolteacher, quiz show contestant, politician (born 1919)
17 January
Melvin Day, artist (born 1923)
Jules Le Lievre, rugby union player (born 1933)
22 January – Alec Wishart, musician (born 1939)
23 January – Barry Brickell, potter (born 1935)
24 January – Neville Black, rugby union and rugby league player (born 1925)
26 January – Bob Thomas, long jumper (born 1939)
27 January – Shirley Tonkin, sudden infant death syndrome researcher (born 1921)
28 January
Rob Courtney, Paralympic athlete (born 1959)
Peter Robinson, musician (born 1958)
Bob Tizard, politician, deputy prime minister (1974–75) (born 1924)
31 January
Mere Broughton, Māori language activist, unionist (born 1938)
Rona McCarthy, athlete (born 1916)
February
1 February – Kelly McGarry, mountain biker (born 1982)
2 February
Chris Kenny, boxing trainer (born 1937)
Marcus Turner, singer-songwriter, folk musician, television presenter (born 1956)
7 February – Andrew Hintz, cricketer (born 1963)
10 February – John Spencer, businessman (born 1934)
13 February – Barry Jones, Catholic Bishop of Christchurch (born 1941)
17 February – Sophia Hawthorne, actress (born 1976)
23 February – George Newton, weightlifter (born 1936)
24 February – Ken English, rugby league player (born 1927)
26 February – Jack Forrest, rugby league player (born 1924)
28 February – Bob Morrison, association footballer (born 1926)
29 February – Ranginui Walker, Māori academic (born 1932)
March
3 March – Martin Crowe, cricketer (born 1962)
4 March – Harry Turbott, architect, landscape architect, environmentalist (born 1930)
5 March – David Abbott, cricket umpire (born 1934)
11 March – Sel Belsham, rugby league player, cricketer (born 1930)
16 March – George Menzies, rugby league player and coach (born 1930)
18 March – Paul Swadel, film director and producer (born 1969)
19 March – Graham Fortune, diplomat and public servant (born 1941)
25 March – Ross Jennings, television producer and director (born 1944)
27 March – Frank Torley, television reporter, director and producer (born 1941)
31 March – Mark Vryenhoek, alpine skier (born 1960)
April
3 April
Rowley Habib, poet, playwright, short-story writer (born 1933)
Whai Ngata, broadcaster, journalist, lexicographer (born 1942)
4 April – Maida Bryant, politician, community leader (born 1926)
7 April – Matiu Dickson, politician, kapa haka exponent (born 1952)
11 April – Ruth Gilbert, poet (born 1917)
12 April – Alan Loveday, violinist (born 1928)
13 April – Kurtis Haiu, rugby union player (born 1984)
14 April – Colin Knight, educationalist (born 1934)
22 April
Rex Fell, Thoroughbred racehorse breeder (born 1945)
Peter Sellers, sports broadcaster (born 1921)
23 April – Bill Sevesi, musician (born 1923)
24 April – Paul Annear, jeweller (born 1947)
27 April – Chris Parkinson, broadcaster (born 1941)
May
3 May – Ian Quigley, politician (born 1931)
13 May – David Garner, physical oceanographer (born 1928)
18 May – Ian Watkin, actor (born 1940)
21 May – Tony Kriletich, rugby league player (born 1944)
25 May – Bob Sorenson, rugby union player and coach, cricketer (born 1923)
June
1 June – Leonard Boyle, bishop (born 1930)
2 June
Keith Lawrence, World War II fighter pilot (born 1919)
Brian Reidy, rugby league player (born 1939)
4 June – Bill Snowden, rugby league player (born 1935)
6 June – Keith Smith, cricketer (born 1929)
7 June – Sir Graham Latimer, Māori leader (born 1926)
9 June – Joyce Carpenter, diver (born 1923)
10 June – Derek Wilson, architect and environmentalist (born 1922)
15 June – David Hall, chemistry academic (born 1928)
16 June – Pat Suggate, geologist (born 1922)
21 June – Susanna Ounei, Kanak independence activist, feminist (born 1945)
23 June – Roy Crawford, mechanical engineering academic, university administrator (born 1949)
25 June – Jack Cropp, yachtsman (born 1927)
27 June – Dame Grace Hollander, community leader (born 1922)
29 June – Maurie Gordon, sport shooter (born 1926)
July
5 July
Johnny Borland, high jumper, athletics administrator (born 1925)
Max Carr, field athlete and coach, athletics official, air force officer (born 1922)
Rex Pickering, rugby union player (born 1936)
14 July
Ivan Bootham, writer, composer (born 1939)
Hallard "Snow" White, rugby union player, coach and administrator (born 1929)
19 July – Ray Bell, rugby union player (born 1925)
20 July
Dick Corballis, English literature academic (born 1946)
Ray Moreton, rugby union player (born 1942)
21 July – Sid Hurst, farmer (born 1918)
22 July – Lee Grant, actor, singer, choreographer (born 1931)
25 July – Tony Lentino, motor racing team owner (born 1974)
26 July – Henry Connor, botanist (born 1922)
August
2 August – Terence Bayler, actor (born 1930)
3 August – Chris Amon, motor racing driver (born 1943)
5 August – Don Donnithorne, architect (born 1926)
7 August – Sir Ron Scott, sports administrator (born 1928)
11 August – Sir Ian Turbott, diplomat, university administrator (born 1922)
19 August – Bob Skelton, jockey (born 1934)
22 August – Don McIver, military leader, public servant (born 1936)
24 August – Glen Evans, politician, mayor of Lower Hutt (1986–95) (born 1936)
29 August – Edward Latter, military officer, politician, diplomat (born 1928)
30 August – Brian Robinson, inorganic chemist (born 1940)
September
1 September – Sir Graeme Douglas, businessman, pharmacist, philanthropist (born 1929)
4 September – Ross McPherson, field hockey player, cricketer (born 1938)
7 September – Don "D. J." Cameron, sports journalist (born 1933)
11 September – Let's Elope, Thoroughbred racehorse (foaled 1987)
16 September – Reese Griffiths, rugby league player (born 1937)
19 September – Margaret Baird, immunologist (born 1945)
23 September
Arnold Green, rugby league player (born 1933)
Bill Johnson, actor (born 1924)
October
1 October
Brian Bell, ornithologist (born 1930)
Toni Williams, singer (born 1939)
3 October – David Donald, cricketer (born 1933)
4 October – Peggy Hay, designer (born 1924)
14 October
Avis Higgs, textile designer, painter (born 1918)
Helen Kelly, trade unionist (born 1964)
15 October
Doug Anderson, rugby league player (born 1926)
Octagonal, Thoroughbred racehorse (foaled 1992)
21 October – Wally Argus, rugby union player (born 1921)
24 October – Roger Slack, plant biologist and biochemist (born 1937)
29 October – Tom Weal, politician (born 1929)
30 October – Reg Boorman, politician (born 1935)
November
11 November – Sir James McNeish, writer (born 1931)
13 November – Leslie Kenton, journalist, entrepreneur (born 1941)
14 November – Marti Friedlander, photographer (born 1928)
15 November – Rod Bieleski, plant physiologist (born 1931)
16 November – Jean Wishart, magazine editor (born 1920)
20 November
Mita Mohi, rugby league player, mau rākau and kapa haka exponent, youth worker (born 1939)
Tim Raphael, Anglican priest (born 1929)
21 November – Helen Ryburn, school principal, local-body politician (born 1925)
22 November
Mike Burgoyne, rugby union player (born 1951)
Bev Malcolm, netball player (born 1920)
25 November – Bill Skelton, jockey (born 1931)
28 November – Ray Columbus, entertainer (born 1942)
29 November – Margaret Belcher, literary scholar (born 1936)
December
3 December – Sir David Hay, cardiologist, anti-smoking campaigner (born 1927)
6 December – Elva Bett, artist, art historian, art gallery director (born 1918)
12 December – Lord Gyllene, Thoroughbred racehorse (foaled 1988)
13 December – Christopher Vance, Standardbred racehorse (foaled 1986)
14 December – Bunny Walters, singer (born 1953)
15 December – Richard Dowden, astrophysicist (born 1932)
18 December – Frank Crotty, rower, industrial chemist (born 1938)
19 December – Arthur Berry, cricketer (born 1928)
23 December – Doug Coombs, cricketer, geologist (born 1924)
24 December – Ron Broom, cricketer (born 1925)
25 December – John Gregson, George Cross recipient (born 1924)
30 December – Con Linton, sailor (born 1938)
References
2010s in New Zealand
Years of the 21st century in New Zealand
Twist and Shout, Inc. was an American software company based in San Francisco, California and founded in 2011. Its main product was a mobile application called Twist which allowed users to share their estimated time of arrival (ETA) and real-time GPS location while traveling.
Twist closed its doors on April 1, 2014.
History
Twist and Shout, Inc. was founded by Bill Lee, Mike Belshe, Frank VanZile and Edward Marks. Twist and Shout, Inc. collected $6 million in venture capital funds from Bridgescale Partners, Eric Hahn, Jeff Skoll, Bill Lee and Mike Belshe.
Corporate
Twist and Shout's advisors included David Sacks, CEO of Yammer, Matthew Cowan, Bridgescale Partners Managing Director, and Eric Hahn, Inventures Group Partner. The Twist website and mobile application team included engineers from MIT, Apple, Google and Stanford.
Products
The concept for the mobile application called Twist, came from co-founder and CEO Bill Lee. Twist adjusted to user transportation modes such as driving, public transit or walking, and allowed private sharing of estimated arrival times with others. Twist functioned on a user's phone and integrated with their calendar, contacts, email, chat and Google Map features. Twist incorporated traffic conditions into its arrival time calculations. The service was free and was advertisement-free. It was available in the United States, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom. It was compatible with the iPhone and Android phones.
References
External links
Official website (archive)
Software companies based in California
Software companies of the United States
Manmatha Nath High School better known as M.N High School, is a co-ed senior secondary Odiah medium school located in Pattamundai in District of Kendrapara, Odisha, India. The courses at high school levels are affiliated to the Board of Secondary Education, Odisha.
History
Conception : The establishment of a High School was first conceived by Late Surendranath Basu Ray, the then Superintendent of the "UTTIKANA" Estate. The Estate was allotted to Late Digambar Mitra in 1859. And his grand son was Late Manmath Nath Mitra. The Superintendent was the man to manage the day-to-day affairs of the estate and was a local resident of Patamundai in those days. The three sons of Late M N Mitra were the zamindars (jointly) of the estate.
Land Acquisition : The local personalities like Late Akuli Mishra of Baktarpur village, Late Gokul Chandra Verma, (Patamundai) and few other personalities had formed a society "Jana Mangala Samiti". After regular meetings and deliberations, they had influenced the Superintendent of the estate to establish the school. But the land was needed for the school. A delegation led by both the personalities had met the then zamindar brothers Late Kiran Kumar mitra, Late Bijay Kumar Mitra and Late Sanat Kumar Mitra to donate a piece of land for the school. And the three brothers also proposed to name the school in the name of their deceased father. And the delegation was happily agreed immediately to name the school as "Manamanth nath high School". But the land was not sufficient. Hence some land was also donated by persons like Late Damodar Tripathy, Late Pranakrishna Giri, Late Kunja Bihari Rout, Late Dinabandhu Choudhury, Late Harekrushna Choudhury and Late Chintamani Choudhury.
Activation : The school came into existence on 13/01/1944 at "Rabindra Medical Hall", presently the "Town Hall", which is adjacent to the present Pokhariapada U P School. The first Headmaster was Late Kanhu Charan Mishra of Baktarpur. The students appeared first High School Certificate Examination in 1947 under the Utkal University, Bhubaneswar.
Campus & Facilities
The school is on an area of 5.13 acres of land, near Patamundai, on the road connecting Kendrapara and Rajanagar in the eastern part of the city. It is 21 km from the Bhitarkanika National Park,1.5 km from main town. It has the adequate number of Classrooms, Library and a Science Laboratory. with a spacious Football field in front of the school. The school is well protected with boundary. It has hostel accommodation also. Once it was functional and more than 50 students were availing the facility.availing the facility.
M.N High School has 21 (Twenty One) teaching staffs and 5 (Five) non teaching staffs. The total student strength in the school is 715. Every year there is an increase of intake strength of students up to 15–25 per batch. The student-teacher ratio is 1:34.
M.N High School has a small well stocked botanical garden and a small sports complex. It attracts students from almost all parts of the district, it is known as best school in Kendrapara district and one of the best school of the state. The school is famous for producing quality students who have successfully established themselves in various government and non-government organisation and consistently working for development of the state.
Co-curricular activities
Students participate in activities that enhances their skill in the field of education. They participate in Odia Debate, Odia Poem Recitation, and many more. NCC and Scouts is also there in the School.
Learning aids
The school has a library of over 3,000 books. It subscribes to over 30 magazines and periodicals of educational and literary nature.
Internet access is available to the students in the computer laboratory.
School uniform
The school uniform consists of:
White shirt
Blue shorts or long pants or skirts for girls
Red tie
Black shoes and white socks
Red sweater(winter)
Prayers
Prayer before Class Famous prayer which is sung in every vernacular school in Odisha.
Notable Guru of the Institution
This school has eminent teachers, who has been recognised by the society and had illustrious records.
Late Biswanath Mishra, B.A, B.Ed; S/o - Late Maheswar Mishra, Village - Nuagaon Sasan, Patamundai. He was Headmaster of the High School from 1949 till his retirement in 1969, when the school was taken over by the Government. He is the recipient of the State Award in 1964 and later President's Gold Medal for excellence in teaching in 1967 from the President of India Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.
Late Paramananda Khandai, Matric, C.T, S/o - Late Suryamani Khndai, Village - Gobindapur, Patamundai. He was a Assistant Teacher of the High School from 1948 till his death on 20/07/1967. He has published numerous books in almost all subjects, which were recognised as text book for most of the Primary and M.E. Classes all over Odisha. He has visited almost all such schools to publicise his books. He is also recipient of the State Award in 1964.
Late Binod Behari Dash, S/o - Late Padmanava Dash, Vill - Madhyakhandi, Kendrapada. He was an Assistant Teacher of "Board Middle English School" at Patamundai. As the said school was merged with the M N High School, he joined the High School in 1948 and was associated with the High School till retirement in 1969. He was recipient of the State Award in 1966. He had unique recognition to be teacher of three generation of many families. His common dialogue to many was " I am your father's teacher, I am teaching you and I hope, I will teach your son." And he was so popular in Patamundai region that many disputes were resolved amicably without any legal interventions. He was just consulted for any marriage proposals and his opinions had concluded many marriage proposals. He was considered to be a universal judge in many family disputes till is death on 27 December 1985. He was so much attached to this area that he was not read to leave Pattamundai even after his retirement in 1969. With great difficulty, his sons were able to persuade him to leave Pattamundai after many years.
Sri Sanatan Beura, Matric C.T., S/o - Late Nidhiram Behura born at Firiki Dandi, Rajnagar, currently settled at Village - Praharajpur, Patamundai. He was student of 5th batch of this High School and was Assistant teacher of this High School from 1965 (after serving the schools at Choudakulat, Indupur, Rajkanika) till his retirement in 1991. He was transferred to the JaiHind High School, Dandisahi, twice for about a year or two, in between. He is the recipient of the State Award in 1990. His stories and poems were published in many local dailies and periodicals.
Smt Aradhana Dash, Village - Dakhindia, Patamundai, Assistant Teacher of the High School is recipient of the State Award in 2017 and currently in service. She is presently Headmistress in charge of the High school.
See also
Pattamundai
Kendrapara
Bhitarkanika National Park
Laxmi Baraha Jew Temple
Brahmani River
References
Golden Jubilee Souvenir 1994,
Diamond Jubilee Souvenir 2010
Sri Sanatan Beura, Old student (5th Batch), Ex-Assistant Teacher of the High School
High schools and secondary schools in Odisha
Co-educational schools in India
Kendrapara district
Schools in Odisha
1944 establishments in India
Educational institutions established in 1944
The , signed as Route 4, is one of the routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area. It is an intercity route that travels in a north to south direction from Osaka to Izumisano near Kansai International Airport. It has a total length of .
See also
References
External links
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
4
1974 establishments in Japan
The Island of San Michele (, ; ) is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, Veneto, northern Italy. It is associated with the sestiere of Cannaregio, from which it lies a short distance northeast.
History
Along with neighbouring San Cristoforo della Pace, the island was a popular place for local travellers and fishermen to land. Mauro Codussi's Chiesa di San Michele in Isola of 1469, the first Renaissance church in Venice, and a monastery lie on the island, which also served for a time as a prison.
San Cristoforo was selected to become a cemetery in 1807, designed by Gian Antonio Selva, when under French occupation it was decreed that burial on the mainland (or on the main Venetian islands) was unsanitary. The canal that separated the two islands was filled in during 1836, and subsequently the larger island became known as San Michele. Bodies were carried to the island on special funeral gondolas. Among those buried there are Igor Stravinsky, Joseph Brodsky, Jean Schlumberger, Christian Doppler, Frederick Rolfe, Horatio Brown, Sergei Diaghilev, Ezra Pound, Luigi Nono, Catherine Bagration, Franco Basaglia, Paolo Cadorin, Zoran Mušič, Helenio Herrera, Emilio Vedova, and Salvador de Iturbide y Marzán. The cemetery is still in use today.
The cemetery contains 7 war graves from World War I of officers and seamen of the British merchant and Royal Navy.
Princess Aspasia Manos, the wife of King Alexander of Greece, was initially interred at the cemetery of Isola di San Michele. Her remains were later transferred to the royal cemetery plot in the park of Tatoi Palace near Athens.
Other attractions include the Cappella Emiliana chapel.
Gallery
See also
List of islands of Italy
References
Geography of Venice
Cemeteries in Italy
San Michele
Bojan Nastić (; born 6 July 1994) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Ekstraklasa club Jagiellonia and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Nastić started his professional career at Vojvodina, before joining Genk in 2016. In 2019, he was loaned to Oostende. Later that year, Nastić moved to BATE Borisov. He signed with Jagiellonia in 2021.
A former Serbian youth international, Nastić made his senior international debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2018.
Club career
Early career
Nastić started playing football at his hometown club Vlasenica, before joining youth academy of Serbian team Vojvodina in 2009. He made his professional debut against Rad on 7 April 2012 at the age of 17. On 25 May 2014, he scored his first professional goal in a triumph over Napredak Kruševac.
Genk
In August 2016, Nastić was transferred to Belgian outfit Genk for an undisclosed fee. He made his official debut for the club against Zulte Waregem on 28 August.
In April 2018, he extended his contract until June 2020.
In January 2019, Nastić was loaned to Oostende until the end of season.
He won his first trophy with the club on 20 July, by triumphing over Mechelen in Belgian Super Cup final.
BATE Borisov
In September, Nastić signed a multi-year deal with Belarusian outfit BATE Borisov. On 19 March 2020, he made his competitive debut for the side against Energetik-BGU. He won his first title with the club on 24 May, by beating Dynamo Brest in Belarusian Cup final after extra time. On 18 July, he scored his first goal for BATE Borisov in a defeat of Rukh Brest.
Jagiellonia
In January 2021, Nastić moved to Polish team Jagiellonia on a contract until June 2024. He debuted officially for the club on 7 February against Wisła Kraków. On 20 March, he scored his first goal for Jagiellonia in a victory over Lech Poznań.
International career
Despite representing Serbia at various youth levels, Nastić decided to play for Bosnia and Herzegovina at senior level.
In May 2018, his request to change sports citizenship from Serbian to Bosnian was approved by FIFA. Later that month, he received his first senior call-up, for friendly games against Montenegro and South Korea. He debuted against the former on 28 May.
Personal life
Nastić married his long-time girlfriend Eline in December 2019. Together they have a son named Mathea.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Vojvodina
Serbian Cup: 2013–14
Genk
Belgian Super Cup: 2019
BATE Borisov
Belarusian Cup: 2019–20
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Vlasenica
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Naturalized citizens of Serbia
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Association football fullbacks
FK Vojvodina players
K.R.C. Genk players
K.V. Oostende players
FC BATE Borisov players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Belgian First Division A players
Belarusian Premier League players
Ekstraklasa players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Molecular Brain is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on all aspects of the nervous system at the molecular, cellular and systems levels. The journal was established in 2008 and is published by BioMed Central. The founding editor is Min Zhuo (University of Toronto) and the editors-in-chief are Bong-Kiun Kaang (Seoul National University), and Tim Bliss (National Institute for Medical Research) and Tsuyoshi Miyakawa (Fujita Health University).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 4.902.
References
External links
Neuroscience journals
BioMed Central academic journals
Publications established in 2008
English-language journals
Open access journals
Miss Europe 1952 was the 15th edition of the Miss Europe pageant and the fourth edition under the Mondial Events Organization. It was held in Naples, Italy on August 19, 1952. Günseli Başar of Turkey, was crowned Miss Europe 1952 by out going titleholder Hanni Schall of Austria.
Results
Placements
Contestants
- Ingeborg Freuis
- Anne-Marie Pauwels
- Judy Breen
- Eeva Maria Hellas (Eva Hellas)
- Nicole Drouin
- Vera Marks
- Virginia Petimezaki
- Elisabeth "Betty 'Beppie'" van Proosdij
- Eithne Dunne
- Stefania "Fanny" Landini
- Anne Marie Tistler
- Sylvia Müller
- Günseli Başar
Notes
Withdrawals
Returns
"Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe" Competition
From 1951 to 2002 there was a rival Miss Europe competition organized by the "Comité Officiel et International Miss Europe". This was founded in 1950 by Jean Raibaut in Paris, the headquarters later moved to Marseille. The winners wore different titles like Miss Europe, Miss Europa or Miss Europe International.
This year, the competition took place in Amsterdam, Holland. There were 10 delegates all from their own countries. At the end, Judy Breen of Great Britain was crowned as Miss Europa 1952. Breen succeeded predecessor Jacqueline Grenton of Switzerland.
Placements
Contestants
- Vera Marks
- Judy Breen
- Elisabeth "Betty 'Beppie'" van Proosdij
- Anita Ekberg
References
External links
Miss Europe
1952 beauty pageants
1952 in Italy
1952 in the Netherlands
Rossa Point () is a point 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Ferin Head on Velingrad Peninsula, the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. Charted by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill, 1934–37. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for Anders Rossa, a Jokkmokk Sami who, with Pava Tuorda, accompanied A.E. Nordenskjold to Greenland in 1883 and first demonstrated the possibilities of skis for polar travel.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 65 64. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1971.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Headlands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
In number theory, more specifically in p-adic analysis, Krasner's lemma is a basic result relating the topology of a complete non-archimedean field to its algebraic extensions.
Statement
Let K be a complete non-archimedean field and let be a separable closure of K. Given an element α in , denote its Galois conjugates by α2, ..., αn. Krasner's lemma states:
if an element β of is such that
then K(α) ⊆ K(β).
Applications
Krasner's lemma can be used to show that -adic completion and separable closure of global fields commute. In other words, given a prime of a global field L, the separable closure of the -adic completion of L equals the -adic completion of the separable closure of L (where is a prime of above ).
Another application is proving that Cp — the completion of the algebraic closure of Qp — is algebraically closed.
Generalization
Krasner's lemma has the following generalization.
Consider a monic polynomial
of degree n > 1
with coefficients in a Henselian field (K, v) and roots in the
algebraic closure . Let Me and J be two disjoint,
non-empty sets with union {1,...,n}. Moreover, consider a
polynomial
with coefficients and roots in . Assume
Then the coefficients of the polynomials
are contained in the field extension of K generated by the
coefficients of g. (The original Krasner's lemma corresponds to the situation where g has degree 1.)
Notes
References
Lemmas in number theory
Field (mathematics)
Ropebrake Pass () is a steep, narrow snow pass between the south end of Gabbro Hills and Mount Llano, permitting passage between the Barrett and Gough Glaciers. So named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1963–64) because of the large number of rope brakes used in its crossing.
Mountain passes of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Hypertropha chlaenota is a species of moth of the family Depressariidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1887. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Victoria, Queensland, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory and South Australia.
The wingspan is 20–23 mm. The forewings are rather dark shining fuscous, with coppery reflections and with a large whitish-ochreous basal patch, extending on the costa to the middle, on the inner margin to two-fifths, its outer edge nearly straight, on the costa marked with four direct cloudy blackish strigulae. There is a small whitish-ochreous irregularly triangular spot on the inner margin before the anal angle, containing a dot of ground colour. The space between this and the basal patch is thickly strewn with small bluish-leaden metallic spots, and there is a curved broken dentate whitish-ochreous line from four-fifths of the costa to the anal angle, preceded by an irregular series of bluish-leaden metallic spots, before which is a blackish suffusion in the disc. The hindwings are ochreous yellow, with a moderate dark fuscous hindmarginal border.
The larvae feed on Angophora and Eucalyptus species.
References
Hypertropha
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1887
Mehdi bey Hajinski Suleyman bey oglu (; 1879–1941) was an Azerbaijani actor, publicist and statesman who served as the State Controller of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and first general secretary of Parliament of Azerbaijan, and was a member of Azerbaijani National Council.
Early years
Hajinski was born in 1879 in Baku, Azerbaijan. Since 1906, he was the director of the theater department of charity society Nijat and from 1914 he was a deputy director of theater department of Sefa society. Considered a noble writer, Hajinski published numerous articles about the Azerbaijani theater, arts and culture of the country, Since 1908, he also acted on stage. He was the person who first awarded Uzeyir Hajibeyov for his Leyli and Majnun opera.
Political career
Upon the dissolution of Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic, Hajinski became a member of the Presidium of Azerbaijani National Council, an interim body of the government which proclaimed the independence of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic on May 28, 1918. When the first Azerbaijani Parliament convened on December 7, 1918 Hajinski was elected the first deputy of Alimardan Topchubashev and chief secretary of the parliament. When the third cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was formed by Fatali Khan Khoyski, Hajinski was appointed State Controller of ADR.
After Bolshevik takes over of Azerbaijan, Hajinski remained in the country. He died in Baku in 1941.
See also
Azerbaijani National Council
Cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918-1920)
Current Cabinet of Azerbaijan Republic
Hajinski
References
1879 births
1941 deaths
Azerbaijani Muslims
Politicians from Baku
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Government ministers of Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani publicists
Soviet rehabilitations
Members of the National Assembly of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
Translators to Azerbaijani
Alumni by Baku Real School
Angels & Devils is the second studio album by American country music artist Sarah Darling. It was released on February 15, 2011 by Black River Entertainment as the follow-up to Darling's 2009 debut album Every Monday Morning.
The album is split into two discs. The songs on the first follow the production style of modern country music whilst the songs on the second are more traditional and acoustical, including a new 'stripped-back' recording of "Stop the Bleeding" from Darling's first album. Also featured on the record are covers of Elton John's "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word" and U2's "With or Without You", the latter of which was released as a digital single on August 31, 2010.
A music video for the lead single, "Something to Do With Your Hands", was released on February 14, 2011 and features TNA wrestler A.J. Styles. After its premiere on CMT.com, the video became the second most viewed music video on the site.
Track listing
Personnel
Tim Akers – keyboards, piano
David Angell – violin
Monisa Angell – viola
Jeff Armstrong – keyboards, piano
Carrie Bailey – violin
Mike Brignardello – bass guitar, finger snaps
Pat Buchanan – electric guitar, finger snaps
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
Gary Burnette – acoustic guitar, finger snaps
John Catchings – cello
Rob Cureton – bass guitar
Eric Darken – percussion
Sarah Darling – lead vocals, finger snaps
David Davidson – violin
Steve Dorff – string arrangements
Conni Ellisor – violin
Chris Farrell – viola
Shawn Fichter – drums, finger snaps
Paul Franklin – steel guitar
Vince Gill – duet vocals on "Bad Habit"
Carolyn Huebl – violin
David Hungate – bass guitar
Tammy Rogers King – fiddle
Anthony LaMarchina – cello
Doug Lancio – electric guitar
Jerry McPherson – electric guitar
Miles McPherson – drums
Jimmy Nichols – background vocals, keyboards, piano, finger snaps
Mike Noble – acoustic guitar
Mary Kathryn Van Osdale – violin
Carole Rabinowitz – cello
Danny Rader – acoustic guitar
Sari Reist – cello
Adam Shoenfeld – electric guitar, keyboards
Pamela Sixfin – violin
Biff Watson – acoustic guitar
Karen Winklemann – violin
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Jonathan Yudkin – cello
References
2011 albums
Sarah Darling albums
Black River Entertainment albums
The dot-fronted woodpecker (Veniliornis frontalis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
dot-fronted woodpecker
Birds of the Yungas
dot-fronted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Babul Supriyo (born 15 December 1970) is an Indian playback singer, live performer, television host, actor and politician who currently serves as Cabinet Minister of Information Technology and Electronics and Tourism of the Government of West Bengal. He was elected Member of Parliament from Asansol in the 16th and 17th Lok Sabha and also served as the Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change, in the Union Council of Ministers. He officially resigned as MP on 19 October 2021. and was elected as a Member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly on 16 April 2022 from Ballygunge Assembly seat.
He made a career as playback singer in Hindi cinema in the mid-nineties and has sung for many films since then. He primarily sings in Hindi, Bengali, and Odia languages. However, he has also done playback singing in 11 other languages during his musical career. He entered politics in 2014 and joined Narendra Modi's government. He previously served as Union Minister of State for Ministry of Urban Development, Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation and Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises.
Supriyo quit the Bhartiya Janata Party and joined the India Trinamool Congress Party in September 2021.
Early life
Supriyo was born and brought up in Uttarpara, a suburb town of Kolkata on the banks of the Hooghly River in West Bengal. His parents are Sunil Chandra Baral and Sumitra Baral. Babul comes from a musical family and was greatly influenced by his grandfather, Banikantha NC Baral, a Bengali vocalist and composer. He won several inter-school and inter-college music compositions, and had performed in All India Radio and Doordarshan. He attended Don Bosco School during which he became an "All India Don Bosco Music Champion" in 1983, and "The Most Enriching Talent" in 1985. He completed his bachelor's degree in commerce from Serampore College in 1991.
When he entered the entertainment industry, he changed his birth name Supriya Baral to Babul Supriyo.
Personal life
Supriyo was introduced to Riaa at a Shah Rukh Khan concert in Toronto. They married each other in 1995. His first child Sharmilee was born in 1996. Supriyo and Riaa divorced in October 2015. He remarried on 9 August 2016 to Rachna Sharma, an air hostess of Jet Airways.
Political career
An ardent admirer of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Narendra Modi, Supriyo was introduced to Bharatiya Janata Party in March 2014. In 2014 Indian general election, he was nominated by the party as their candidate for Asansol, West Bengal and won it by defeating Dola Sen. He was inducted to Narendra Modi's government as the Union Minister of State, Ministry of Urban Development; and Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation on 9 November 2014. He became the youngest minister. He served in these ministries till 12 July 2016, after which his portfolio was changed to Minister of State for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises.
In the 2019 Indian general election, Supriyo again won from the Asansol as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate defeating Moon Moon Sen by 1.97 lakh votes, and securing a total of 6.32 lakh votes. In May 2019, he became Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
Member of Parliament
On 19 September 2019, Supriyo was attacked by students after he was invited to attend an event at Calcutta's Jadavpur University.
On 13 August 2019, Supriyo Babul, accused the state government of not giving food for the cyclone affected people in Fazarganj for 5 days.
In the 2021 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election, Babul Supriyo ran from Tollyganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) as the Bharatiya Janata Party candidate and lost by more than 50,000 votes. Probably stung by an unexpected defeat, Supriyo stated that Bengal had made a 'historic mistake' by voting for TMC. However the Facebook post was later deleted.
On 31 July 2021, Babul Supriyo announced on social media his decision to quit politics and also resign as a Lok Sabha MP. However days later he decided to complete his tenure as MP. He then edited his Facebook post deleting the "won't join any party" remark raising speculations. On 18 September 2021 he joined All India Trinamool Congress in presence of Abhishek Banerjee.
On 16 April 2022 he was elected as a Member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Ballygunge Assembly seat.
Singing career
After a brief work at the Standard Chartered Bank, Supriyo chose singing as a full-time career. He moved to Mumbai in 1992 to make a career in Bollywood. Kalyanji gave him a break, and took him to perform abroad at their live shows. In 1993 he toured Canada and USA with Amitabh Bachchan. He also toured US with Asha Bhonsle in 1997 and 1999. Besides playback singing, he has also done several stage shows. Babul Supriyo performed at Powai Sarvajanin Durgotsav in 2011.
His breakthrough came with "Dil Ne Dil Ko Pukara" in Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai in 2000, the debut film of Hrithik Roshan. Some of his other popular Bollywood songs are "Pari Pari Hai Ek Pari" (Hungama), "Hum Tum" (Hum Tum) and "Chanda Chamke" (Fanaa). He is the anchor of the hit television show K for Kishore. He sang the opening themes of Balaji Telefilms serials.
Albums
Monoroma Tilottama (1997)
Hoyto Tomari Jannya (1999)
Sochta Hun (2003)
Kuch Aisa Lagta Hai
Untitled - Babul Supriyo (2008)
Kotobaaro Bhebechhinu (Rabindra Sangeet) (2009) - Asha Audio
Jodi Jantem (Rabindra Sangeet) (2010) - Asha Audio
Babul Baul (2014)
Mone Robe (2011, Rabindra Sangeet album comprising 10 songs sung by Babul Supriyo & Alka Yagnik)
Just Tomake
What The Folk
Timeless
Suna Pharua (2016, Odia)
Discography
As a playback singer
Bengali songs
Awards and honours
2002: Honorary citizenship by the State Council of Atlanta.
2002: Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards: Best Male Playback for Tak Jhal Mishti
2003: Kalakar Awards – Best Playback Singer for Kasautii Zindagii Kay
2004: Kalakar Awards – Best Playback Singer for Mayer Anchal
2006: Bengal Film Journalists' Association – Best Male Playback Award for Subho Drishti.
2007: Zee Gold Awards – Best Playback Singer for Kasautii Zindagii Kay
2016: Walked at Grande finale show of Indian Federation for Fashion Development's India Runway Week season 6 for designer Agnimitra Paul
References
|-
External links
Living people
1970 births
People from West Bengal
Bengali people
Bengali Hindus
Bengali singers
Indian male singers
Bollywood playback singers
Bengali playback singers
Hindi-language singers
Odia playback singers
Don Bosco schools alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Bengal Film Journalists' Association Award winners
Rabindra Sangeet exponents
Male actors in Bengali cinema
India MPs 2014–2019
Lok Sabha members from West Bengal
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from West Bengal
Narendra Modi ministry
People from Asansol
India MPs 2019–present
National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2019 Indian general election
20th-century Indian male singers
West Bengal MLAs 2021–2026
West Bengal Legislative Assembly
Singers from West Bengal
A nature park, or sometimes natural park, is a designation for a protected natural area by means of long-term land planning, sustainable resource management and limitation of agricultural and real estate developments. These valuable landscapes are preserved in their present ecological state and promoted for ecotourism purposes.
In most countries nature parks are subject to legally regulated protection, which is part of their conservation laws.
In terms of level of protection, a category "Nature Park" is not the same as a "National Park", which is defined by the IUCN and its World Commission on Protected Areas as a category II type of protected area.
A "Nature Park" designation, depending on local specifics, falls between category III and category VI according to IUCN categorization, in most cases closer to category VI.
However some nature parks have later been turned into national parks.
International nature parks
The first international nature park in Europe, the present-day Pieniny National Park was founded jointly by Poland and Slovakia in 1932.
European Nature Parks: Cross-border plans and projects are carried out under the Europarc umbrella.
Protected Area Network of Parks (PANPark), certification by the WWF initiated network which are aimed at combining the preservation of wilderness with tourism
Nature parks by country
Austria
There are currently 47 nature parks in Austria with a total area of around 500,000 ha (as at April 2010). They are hosted to nearly 20 million visitors annually.
The designation of "nature park" is awarded by the respective state governments. To achieve this award, the 4 pillars of a nature park have to be met: conservation, recreation, education and regional development.
Association of Austrian Nature Parks (VNÖ)
In 1995 all the Austrian nature parks agreed to be represented by the Association of Austrian Nature Parks (Verband der Naturparke Österreichs) or VNÖ.
Currently there are nature parks in the following states:
Belgium
In Belgium, there are two different structures. In Flanders, their name is Regionale Landschappen and in Wallonia, the Natural Parks. There are 17 Regionale Landschappen in Flanders and 9 Natural Parks in Wallonia.
Fédération des Parcs naturels de Wallonie
Regionale Landschappen
Croatia
In Croatia there is a total of eight national parks and twelve nature parks. Under nature park protection are the following regions:
Biokovo
Kopački rit
Lonjsko polje
Medvednica
Papuk
Telašćica
Učka
Velebit
Vransko jezero
Žumberak-Samoborsko gorje
Lastovo
Nature Park Zavratnica
Czech Republic
In the Czech Republic a Nature Park (Přírodní Park) is defined as a large area serving the protection of a landscape against activities that could decrease its natural and esthetic value. They can be established by any State Environment Protection body.
France
Germany
The Nature park is one of the options for area-based nature conservation provided for under the Federal Nature Conservation Act (the BNatSchG). On 6 June 1956 in the former capital city of Bonn at the annual meeting of the Nature Reserve Association (in the presence of President Theodor Heuss and Minister Heinrich Lübke)., the environmentalist and entrepreneur, Alfred Toepfer, presented a programme developed jointly with the Central Office for Nature Conservation and Landscape Management and other institutions to set up (initially) 25 nature parks in West Germany. Five percent of the area of the old Federal Republic of Germany was to be spared from major environmental damage as a result.
Definition of nature parks in Germany
The definition of the category of nature park is laid down in federal law (§ 27 of the BNatSchG). Details, especially with regard to the identification, investigation or recognition as a nature park vary in each state depending on the provisions of local conservation law.
§ 27 of the BnatSchG determines that natural parks are large areas that are to be developed and managed as a single unit, that consist mainly of protected landscapes or nature reserves, that have a large variety of species and habitats and that have a landscape that exhibits a variety of uses.
In nature parks, the aim is to strive for environmentally sustainable land use and they should be especially suitable for recreation and for sustainable tourism because of their topographical features.
The underlying idea is a "protection through usage", so the acceptance and participation of the population in the protection of the cultural landscape and nature is very important. In doing so the nature conservation and the needs of recreation users should be linked so that both sides benefit: sustainable tourism with respect for the value of nature and landscape is paramount.
Basically all actions, interventions and projects that would be contrary to the purpose of conservation are prohibited.
Nature parks are to be considered in zoning and must be represented and considered in local development plans. This is called an acquisition memorandum. They are binding and cannot be waived because of a higher common good.
The sponsors of nature parks are usually clubs or local special purpose associations.
The German nature parks come together in the Association of German Nature Parks.
In Germany today there are 101 nature parks (as at: March 2009), that occupy some 25% of the land area. They are an important building block for nature conservation and help to preserve the sites of natural beauty, cultural landscapes, rare species and biotopes and to make them accessible to later generations.
Hungary
Geschriebenstein-Írottkő (cross-border park with Burgenland in Austria)
Raab-Örseg-Goricko (cross-border park with Burgenland in Austria and Goričko in Slovenia)
Italy
South Tyrol has 8 nature parks and part of a national park
Schlern-Rosengarten
Texelgruppe
Puez-Geisler
Fanes-Sennes-Prags
Trudner Horn
Sexten Dolomites
Rieserferner-Ahrn
Sarntal Alps
Stelvio
Philippines
In the Philippines, Natural Parks are a type of protected area. They are defined by Republic Act No. 7586 as: "relatively large areas not materially altered by human activity where extractive resource uses are not allowed and maintained to protect outstanding natural and scenic areas of national or international significance for scientific, educational and recreational use."
They include:
Apo Reef
Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park
Bicol Natural Park
Bongsanglay Natural Park
Bulusan Volcano Natural Park
Kalbario-Patapat Natural Park
Lake Danao (Leyte)
Mahagnao Volcano
Mayon Volcano Natural Park
Mount Apo
Mount Balatukan
Mount Guiting-Guiting
Mount Inayawan Range Natural Park
Mount Isarog
Kalatungan Mountain Range
Kanlaon
Kitanglad Mountain Range
Mount Malindang
Northern Negros Natural Park
Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park
Northwest Panay Peninsula Natural Park
Pasonanca Natural Park
Samar Island Natural Park
Sibalom Natural Park
Tubbataha Reef (also a World Heritage Site)
Switzerland
In Switzerland the establishment of regional nature parks is regulated by the Federal Act on the Protection of Nature and Cultural Heritage. The three categories are:
National parks (the Swiss National Park)
Regional nature parks (sixteen parks)
Aargau Jura Park
Parc Ela
Thal Nature Park
Entlebuch Biosphere
Val Müstair Biosphere
Etc.
Nature experience parks (the Wildnispark Zurich Sihlwald)
National parks and nature experience parks have very strict protected areas, something which does not exist in regional nature parks. The latter focus much more on striking a balance in the level of support between nature conservation and the regional economy.
Spain
In Spain, a natural park (Spanish: parque natural) is a natural space protected for its biology, geology, or landscape, with ecological, aesthetic, educational, or scientific value whose preservation merits preferential attention on the part of public administration. The regulation of the activities that may occur there attempts to assure its protection. Natural parks focus their attention on the conservation and maintenance of flora, fauna, and terrain. Natural parks may be maritime or terrestrial and can be in the mountains, along the coasts, in the desert, or any other geographically defined space.
Spain distinguishes natural parks from national parks. The categories of protected areas in Spain under Law 4/1989 are not based on higher or lower levels of protection, but on functions and characteristics:
Parks: "natural areas, little transformed by human exploitation and occupation, that, for reason of the beauty of their landscapes, the representativeness of their ecosystems or their flora, fauna or geomorphological formations, possesses ecological, aesthetic, educational and scientific value, whose conservation merits preferential attention. A National Park is so designated because it is of national interest by reason of being representative of the natural heritage and that it includes some of the principal natural systems of Spain."
Nature reserves: "natural spaces whose creation has as its end the protection of ecosystems, communities or biological elements that, because of their rarity, fragility, importance or singularity merit a special valuation."
Natural monuments: "natural spaces or elements constituted basically by formations of notably singularity, rarity or beauty, that merit being the object of special protection."
Protected Landscapes: "concrete places in the natural environment that, because of their aesthetic and cultural valuer, merit special protection."
The largest protected space in Spain, and also its largest natural park, is the Sierras de Cazorla, Segura y Las Villas Natural Park in the province of Jaén, at the headwaters of the Guadalquivir. 9.1 percent of the surface area of Spain is protected, including 42 percent of the Canary Islands, 30.5 percent of Andalusia, and 21.51 percent of Catalonia, with lesser percentages in the other autonomous communities. Andalusia, being far larger than the Canary Islands or Catalonia, has 36 percent of the total protected areas in the country.
Notes and references
External links
Home page of the Association of German Nature Parks
Home page of the Association of Austrian Nature Parks
Home page of the Swiss Parks Network
Homepage of the South Tyrol Nature Parks
Europarc Germany
Protected areas
Parks
Patrice Esnault (born 12 June 1961) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in five editions of the Tour de France and four editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Orléans
French Vuelta a España stage winners
Cyclists from Centre-Val de Loire
Emanuel Thomas Essery, (1843 – March 25, 1937) was a lawyer and politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as mayor of London, Ontario from 1893 to 1894.
The son of William H. Essery, he was born in London, Canada West and was educated there and at Toronto University. Essery was president of the London & Port Stanley Railway. He ran unsuccessfully for the London seat in the Canadian House of Commons in 1894. He served during the Fenian raids. Essery married Eliza Jane Wales. In 1908, he was named King's Counsel.
Essery was a prominent Orangeman and was president of the local St. George's Society and Sons of England. He was London Grand Master for the Ancient Free and Accepted Masons, grand secretary for the Canadian Order of Beavers and grand treasurer for the Ontario chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star.
He died in Toronto at the age of 94.
References
1843 births
1937 deaths
University of Toronto alumni
Mayors of London, Ontario
Canadian Freemasons
Order of the Eastern Star
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Charlotte County Public Schools (CCPS) operates all public K-12 schools in Charlotte County, Florida. It covers Port Charlotte, Punta Gorda, Englewood, Rotonda West, Babcock Ranch, and surrounding areas. It operates ten elementary schools, four middle schools, three high schools, and six specialty education centers.
History
The roots of the district are traced back to 1888 when the first school building in the area was built on the corner of Marion Street and Harvey Street in Punta Gorda. At the time, African Americans in Charlotte County were not allowed to attend a white school. The first black school was built in 1893; black students were not introduced into the white schools in Charlotte County until 1964. Accelerated growth in the community beginning in 1950 resulted in the rapid expansion of the school district. New, larger schools started popping up all over the county much more rapidly than before.
Notable staff members
Port Charlotte High School
Doug Dunakey, former professional golfer in PGA; became golf coach after retirement
Mark Ivey, college football coach; previously coached for PCHS
County-wide
Sallie Jones, first superintendent of any school system in Florida.
Notable alumni
Charlotte High School
Burton Lawless (class of 1970), professional football player in NFL
Jeff Corsaletti (class of 2001), professional baseball player in MiLB
Matthew LaPorta (class of 2003), professional baseball player in MLB; 2008 Summer Olympian
Tommy Murphy, professional baseball player in MLB
Port Charlotte High School
Chris Demakes and Vinnie Fiorello, professional musicians with Less Than Jake, a ska punk band.
John Hall (class of 1992), professional football player in NFL
Anthony Hargrove (class of 2001), professional football player in NFL
Asher Levine (class of 2006), fashion designer
David Holmberg (class of 2009), professional baseball pitcher in MLB
Lemon Bay High School
J. D. Barker (class of 1989), author
Denise Amber Lee (class of 2004), kidnapping and murder victim
List of schools
Elementary schools
Deep Creek Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 720 students. Their principal is Adrienne McElroy. Their mascot is the Bear Cub. Their school colors are blue and gold. It is classified as an "A" school.
East Elementary School is K-5 school located in Punta Gorda with 500 students. Their principal is Dr. Lori Carr. Their mascot is the Eagle. Their school colors are red and white. It has earned an "A" rating and has been considered an AYP school for three years.
Kingsway Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 780 students. Their principal is Lori Davis. Their mascot is the Cougar. Their school colors are blue and white. It is classified as an "A" school.
Liberty Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 780 students. Their principal is Thomas Gifford. Their mascot is the Patriot. Their colors are red, white, and blue. It is classified as an "A" school.
Meadow Park Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 764 students. Their principal is Asena Mott. Their mascot is the Alligator. Their colors are green and gold. It has been considered an "A" school for five years. It has earned the "You Make a Difference" award.
Myakka River Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 660 students. Their principal is Grace Shepard. Their mascot is the Manatee. It is classified as an "A" school. It was one of 99 schools nationwide recognized by Richard W. Riley as a Title 1 school for offering outstanding programs for disadvantaged students.
Neil Armstrong Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 557 students. Their principal is Angie Taillon. Their mascot is the Astro. Their colors are red and white. It enforces a school uniform policy. It is classified as an "A" school. It is a distinguished school classified as AYP.
Peace River Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Port Charlotte with 475 students. Their principal is Bertie Alvarez. Their mascot is the Panther. It enforces a school uniform policy. It is classified as an "A" school.
Sallie Jones Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Punta Gorda with 700 students. Their principal is Carmel Kisiday. Their mascot is the Tiger. Their colors are hunter green, red, navy blue, white and khaki. It enforces a school uniform policy. It is classified as an "A" school.
Vineland Elementary School is a K-5 school located in Rotonda with 900 students. Their principal is Laura C. Blunier. Their mascot is the Great Blue Heron. Their colors are blue and white. It is classified as an "A" school.
Middle schools
L.A. Ainger Middle School is a school located in Rotonda West with 1115 students in grades 6-8. Their principal is Jeffrey Harvey. Their mascot is the Cougar. It's been classified as an "A" school for seven years.
Murdock Middle School is a middle school located in Port Charlotte with 950 students. It was beginning to be constructed in 1986 and open for its first official school year in 1988. Their principal is Lyman Welton. Their mascot is the Mariner. The school has earned the status of a Red Carpet School and a Blue Ribbon School. It is also classified as an "A" school.
Port Charlotte Middle School is a middle school located in Port Charlotte with 1030 students. Their principal is Demetrius Revelas. Their mascot is the Terrier. It is classified as an "A" school.
Punta Gorda Middle School is a middle school located in Punta Gorda with 1050 students. Their principal is Cathy Corsaletti. Their mascot is the Eagle. Their colors are red and blue.
High schools
Port Charlotte High School is a high school located in Port Charlotte with 2,250 students. Their mascot is the Pirate. Their colors are red, white, and black. It is classified as an "A" school.
Lemon Bay High School is a high school located in Englewood with 1,560 students. Their mascot is the Manta Ray. Their colors are navy blue and orange. It has been classified as an "A" school in previous years.
Charlotte High School is a high school located in Punta Gorda with 2,006 students. Their mascot is the Tarpon. Their colors are blue and gold.
Florida SouthWestern Collegiate High School
References
External links
Florida Department of Education
School districts in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1888
Public Schools
1888 establishments in Florida
The 2017 Torneo Internazionale Femminile Antico Tiro a Volo was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament and was part of the 2017 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Rome, Italy, on 3–9 July 2017.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 26 June 2017.
Other entrants
The following player received a wildcard into the singles main draw:
Nastassja Burnett
Martina Di Giuseppe
Nina Nikprelevic
Jessica Pieri
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Martina Caregaro
Deborah Chiesa
Anastasia Grymalska
Alice Matteucci
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Diāna Marcinkēviča
Elena Gabriela Ruse
Champions
Singles
Kateryna Kozlova def. Mariana Duque, 7–6(8–6), 6–4
Doubles
Anastasiya Komardina / Nadia Podoroska def. Quirine Lemoine / Eva Wacanno, 7–6(7–3), 6–3
External links
2017 Torneo Internazionale Femminile Antico Tiro a Volo at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2017 ITF Women's Circuit
2017 in Italian tennis
Tennis tournaments in Italy
Vilko is an Icelandic manufacturer of soups and baking products, headquartered in Blönduós, Iceland.
Vilko's factory in Blönduós was destroyed in a fire in October, 2004, but operations were subsequently restored in a new building, and production resumed in November 2004.
Vilko's soup production was started in Kópavogur, Iceland in 1969 by Jón Ingimarsson. The company later diversified into baking products. Before starting the Vilko soup brand, Vilko was a chemical manufacturer.
Products (incomplete)
Soups
Vilko kakósúpa ()
Vilko sætsúpa ()
Vilko ávaxtagrautur ()
Vilko bláberjasúpa ()
Vilko apríkósusúpa ())
Baking products
Vilko sjónvarpskaka ()
Vilko skúffukaka ()
Vilko vöfflumix ()
Vilko pönnukökumix ()
References
External links
Official website
Food and drink companies of Iceland
Food and drink companies established in 1949
Icelandic brands
1949 establishments in Iceland
Aglaia Kremezi (Αγλαΐα Κρεμέζη) is a Greek food writer and journalist, often considered "one of Greece's foremost cooking authorities".
She lives on the island of Kea, Greece, where she runs a cooking school.
Bibliography
The Mediterranean Pantry: Creating and Using Condiments and Seasonings, 1994
Mediterranean Hot: Spicy Recipes from Southern Italy, Greece, Turkey and North Africa, 1996
The Foods of Greece, 1999
The Foods of the Greek Islands: Cooking and Culture at the Crossroads of the Mediterranean, 2000
Notes
External links
Aglaia's table, official Web site
Living people
Greek food writers
Greek women journalists
People from Kea (island)
Women food writers
Women cookbook writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
In the Polynesian mythology of the Tongan island of ʻAta, the god Tamapoulialamafoa is the king of the heavens. He is the one who ordered (through his servants all called Tangaloa (Tangaloa Eiki, Tangaloa Tufunga, and Tangaloa Atulongolongo)) the sub-god Laufakanaa to become ruler of that island.
According to others, however, Tangaloa Eiki was the ancestor god and Tangaloa Tamapoulialamafoa, Tangaloa Eitumātupua, Tangaloa Atulongolongo, and Tangaloa Tufunga his offspring.
Notes
References
O. Māhina, Ko e Ngaahi Ata mei he Histōlia mo e Kalatua o Tongá: Ke Tufungai ha Lea Tonga Fakaako, AU 2006,
Tongan deities
Children's Museum of Southern Minnesota (CMSM) is a children's museum located in Mankato, Minnesota. It features regularly scheduled art and science activities.
Indoor exhibits include an interactive quarry, a tree made of tree forts, and a vertical wind-tunnel. The museum offers seasonal farm exhibits outdoors during the warmer months.
History
A group of educators began efforts to open a children's museum in 2009. In the summer of 2014, flood waters damaged the museum's planned exhibits. After rebuilding the exhibits, CMSM opened on the 1st of May, 2015.
Location
The chosen site of the museum required extensive cleanup in partnership with the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency. With funding from a grant, over 2,500 tons of polluted soil and waste were removed. The existing building was made safe for renovation and use.
References
External links
Official site
Children's museums in Minnesota
Hugh Weber is the current President of Harris Blitzer Sports and Entertainment, whose properties include the National Hockey League's New Jersey Devils and the National Basketball Association's Philadelphia 76ers. Weber was previously President of the NHL's New Jersey Devils having served in the post since 2013. He previously served in the same position for the NBA's New Orleans Hornets. Weber graduated from The University of Puget Sound where he competed on the track team.
References
Living people
New Jersey Devils executives
University of Puget Sound alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Irvine Harwood (born 1905) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
Career
Born in Bradford, Harwood played for Bradford Park Avenue, Bradford City and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
For Bradford City he made 5 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1905 births
Year of death missing
English footballers
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
The 2011 MAC Championship Game was a college football game played at 7:00 p.m. on Friday, December 2, 2011, at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan, USA, to determine the 2011 champion of the Mid-American Conference (MAC). The game featured the Ohio Bobcats and the Northern Illinois Huskies. Sponsored by Marathon the game officially known as the "Marathon MAC Championship Game". Northern Illinois tied the record for their largest comeback in the school's history, coming back from down 20-0 to win 23-20 on the game's final play to win their second MAC championship of all time.
Teams
Ohio Bobcats
Coming into the conference championship game, the Ohio Bobcats owned a 9-3 record, including a five-game win streak including conference wins over Kent State, Akron, Central Michigan, Bowling Green, and Miami (Ohio). The Bobcats also started the season with three straight wins, before losing three games in four weeks to Rutgers, Buffalo, and Ball State.
Northern Illinois Huskies
The Huskies came into the game having won seven straight contests beforehand, giving them a 9-3 record. NIU started the season with a thrilling win over Army before losing back-to-back games to Power-5 opponents Kansas and Wisconsin. The Huskies final loss of the season, and only conference loss came two weeks later against Central Michigan on October 1. The Huskies also had MAC Vern Smith League MVP Chandler Harnish quarterbacking their offense.
Game summary
Statistics
See also
List of Mid-American Conference football champions
Mid-American Conference football individual awards
References
Championship Game
MAC Championship Game
Northern Illinois Huskies football games
Ohio Bobcats football games
American football in Detroit
Sports competitions in Detroit
December 2011 sports events in the United States
MAC Championship
2011 in Detroit
Wrexham () is a constituency of the Senedd. It elects one Member of the Senedd by the first past the post method of election. Also, however, it is one of nine constituencies in the North Wales electoral region, which elects four additional members, in addition to nine constituency members, to produce a degree of proportional representation for the region as a whole.
Boundaries
The constituency was created for the first election to the Assembly, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of the Wrexham Westminster constituency. It is entirely within the preserved county of Clwyd.
As created in 1999, the North Wales region includes the constituencies of Alyn and Deeside, Caernarfon, Clwyd West, Clwyd South, Conwy, Delyn, Vale of Clwyd, Wrexham and Ynys Môn. For the 2007 Assembly election the region included Aberconwy, Alyn and Deeside, Arfon, Clwyd South, Clwyd West, Delyn, Vale of Clwyd, Wrexham and Ynys Môn.
The constituency of Wrexham is divided into the electoral divisions:
Acton, Borras Park, Brynyffynnon, Cartrefle, Erddig, Garden Village, Gresford East and West, Grosvenor, Gwersyllt East and South, Gwersyllt North, Gwersyllt West, Hermitage, Holt, Little Acton, Llay, Maesydre, Marford and Hoseley, Offa, Queensway, Rhosnesni, Rossett, Smithfield, Stansty, Whitegate, Wynnstay.
Voting
In general elections for the Senedd, each voter has two votes. The first vote may be used to vote for a candidate to become the Member of the Senedd for the voter's constituency, elected by the first past the post system. The second vote may be used to vote for a regional closed party list of candidates. Additional member seats are allocated from the lists by the d'Hondt method, with constituency results being taken into account in the allocation.
Members of the Senedd
Elections
Elections in the 2020s
Elections in the 2010s
Regional ballots rejected: 240
Elections in the 2000s
2003 Electorate: 50,508
Regional ballots rejected: 294
Elections in the 1990s
See also
North Wales (Senedd electoral region)
Senedd constituencies and electoral regions
Wrexham (UK Parliament constituency)
References
Senedd constituencies in the North Wales electoral region
Wrexham
1999 establishments in Wales
Constituencies established in 1999
The or Sony kill switch, is an urban legend that electronic devices produced by Sony are equipped with a timer which, upon reaching a deliberately preset deadline, caused the product to stop functioning, forcing the user to buy a replacement. The legend began in Japan in the 1980s and was later repeated in other countries. The idea of products being designed to stop working after a period of time is known as planned obsolescence.
History
In Japan, Sony timer's legend spread around in the late 1980s and early 1990s and, although there has never been any conclusive evidence that would confirm this myth, a good percentage of the Japanese people believed in it. The legend remained confined to Japan until 2006 when there was a recall of over 4 million Dell laptops equipped with a defective Sony lithium-ion battery, bringing back the legend of planned obsolescence among the Japanese people, who accused the Tokyo company.
The problem for Sony was the rumor's impact: as the company came out from the Japanese economic miracle and the kaizen ideology, it was in a very delicate situation which it tried to contain in every way, but the rumor inevitably came to the knowledge of consumers outside of Japan via the Internet. Although sales of the PlayStation 3 were not particularly affected by this urban legend, it did negatively affect sales of Sony Vaio laptop computers which, since 2007, were viewed with increasing suspicion by consumers. In addition to this, Google Trends signaled an increasing number of Internet searches indicating how Japanese purchasers found various problems with Vaio laptops.
A worsening of the situation occurred when, officially due to a software bug, it came to light that many Bravia televisions were predisposed with an operating time of about 1200 hours before they stopped functioning; Stranger still was the fact that, used for a period of about 3 hours a day, such televisions would stop working exactly after warranty expired. The Tokyo company denied any direct responsibility and announced to release software patches as a solution, desperately trying to limit the rumors about the problem before they spread to Europe, where the company's presence was very strong, and admitting: "Our products are not designed to work badly".
However, the Sony timer legend had already spread widely across the World Wide Web, becoming part of the Internet culture itself.
The legend resurfaced again in 2021 when it was discovered that an anti-cheat measure in PlayStation Network had the potential to render games unplayable on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 due to their reliance on maintaining a mandatory accurate date and time setting, whether through connection to the network or a CMOS battery, in a phenomenon known as the C-bomb. Following outcry over the issue, Sony released a firmware update for the PS4 in late September 2021 that resolved the problem for such console, then did the same for the PS5 over a month later.
References
External links
Sony timer
Ethically disputed business practices
Japanese urban legends
Obsolescence
Product expiration
Sony
Urban legends
Conspiracy theories in Asia
Coonamble railway station is a heritage-listed former railway station on the Coonamble railway line at Coonamble, Coonamble Shire, New South Wales, Australia. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
The Coonamble railway line was completed to Coonamble in 1903. The original station was burnt to the ground in a May 1910 fire. The station was subsequently rebuilt, and the current station buildings date from this time.
In 2007, media reports suggested that the station was at risk of being demolished after the Australian Rail Track Corporation expressed concern about frequent vandalism causing maintenance and safety issues. The Coonamble Shire Council were looking for a possible tenant at that time to secure the building's future.
The station received $131,045 in federal government heritage funding for protection and conservation works in 2009. The station platform had been recently reconstructed in 2015.
Description
The heritage-listed complex consists of a brick station building in a type 16 pioneer design with an awning, dating from 1910.
The original heritage listing also included a timber goods shed, also from 1910, but it has subsequently been reported that it is no longer extant.
Heritage listing
Coonamble is a site of high significance as a pioneer site with a brick building in "as built" form. It appears to be the only such example in the State, the other brick building of the same type being Narrabri which has been altered. The intactness of the station group is also of significance.
The building is an important civic building, well detailed and proportioned and has the unusual use of rough cast on the gables with non standard timber detailing. The associated buildings add to the completeness of the site giving context to the station building.
Coonamble railway station was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
This item is assessed as historically rare. This item is assessed as scientifically rare. This item is assessed as arch. rare. This item is assessed as socially rare.
References
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Disused regional railway stations in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1903
Allen N. Yancy (1881–1941) was the 20th vice president of Liberia from 1928 to 1930 under President Charles D. B. King. He was forced to resign in 1930 following his involvement with forced labor exported to the Spanish-controlled island of Fernando Po (in today's Equatorial Guinea).
Presidential election of 1927
The 1927 elections had two major issues: the use of foreign capital in Liberia, and the "Open Door Policy". The use of foreign capital in the development of the county had been a controversial issue in Liberia for many years, and continued when negotiations with Harvey Firestone led to the Firestone Concession Agreement in 1926. The United Kingdom, which dominated the world rubber industry following World War I, enacted policies to limit the rubber supply in response to a sharp drop in prices following the war. Called The Stevenson Plan, it went into force on 1 January 1922. The Stevenson Plan was hurtful to the United States economy, as the increase of a penny per pound of rubber would mean a loss of $8 million. Firestone, angered by Britain's policies, was determined to find a way for America to grow its own rubber. Liberia was very suitable for rubber production due to its tropical, humid climate, and Firestone began making a series of agreements with Liberia to acquire land and eliminate Liberia's debts to Great Britain, culminating in the agreement of 1926. The agreement, which Firestone called "the greatest concession of its kind ever made", gave him virtually no tax obligations to Liberia, and exclusive land rights to about 10% of the country's arable land. The Liberian government, on the other hand, obligated themselves to a 5 million dollar loan from Firestone through his wholly owned subsidiary, the Finance Corporation of America. An American financial advisor appointed by the United States controlled Liberia's finances and approved the country's annual budget. These concessions, which practically made Liberia a protectorate of the United States, were opposed both inside and outside the country.
References
Americo-Liberian people
1941 deaths
Vice presidents of Liberia
1881 births
20th-century Liberian politicians
Children of the Bong was a British electronic band, formed in the early 1990s by Rob Henry and Daniel Goganian. They signed to Planet Dog Records in 1994 and released one album, Sirius Sounds, as well as a couple of tracks on Planet Dog compilations. The band recorded a Peel Session for DJ John Peel on BBC Radio 1 on 26 April 1994.
The group split up shortly after the release of the album. Rob Henry went on to form a band called Euphonic and now plays in a band called Deep City. Daniel Goganian went on to study at the National Film and Television School and now works in the film and television industry as Studio Director for The Peoples Voice in London. He also plays samba percussion for the Paraiso School of Samba in London.
References
External links
Children of the Bong website
Planet Dog website
British electronic music groups
Mammoth Records artists
The Kyiv Chamber Choir () is a chamber choir based in Kyiv, Ukraine. The choir was founded in December 1990 by conductor Mykola Hobdych. It has performed thousands of concerts in at least 21 countries. The choir also records music, releasing over 40 compact disks. More than half of these compositions were recorded for the first time. The choir has performed at renowned American venues such as Carnegie Hall, the National Cathedral, and the White House. The choir sings much of its music a cappella. Its repertoire includes well-known classical compositions, but also that of Ukrainian composers such as Mykola Lysenko, Mykola Leontovych, Kyrylo Stetsenko, Artem Vedel, and Mykola Diletsky.
The Kyiv Chamber Choir has done well in international choral competitions. These include first prizes in the 1st Schumann International Choral Competition in Zwickau in Germany, the 12th International competition of Choir Music in Poland, the 7th international Choirs Competition at Sligo in Ireland, and a second prize in Choir of the Year Competition.
References
Musical groups established in 1990
Ukrainian classical music groups
Early music choirs
Chamber choirs
1990 establishments in Ukraine
The 2021 floods and landslides in Sri Lanka are flash floods and mudslides which were caused from heavy torrential rainfalls during May and June 2021. As of 7 June 2021; the monsoon floods affected in about 10 districts, killing at least 17 persons including about 10 because of floods and 4 people because of mudslides. About 245,000 people were affected living in Colombo, Puttalam, Kandy, Kalutara, Kurunegala, Gampaha, Nuwara Eliya, Ratnapura and Galle. More than 800 houses were reported to have been damaged.
Background
Flooding occurs in Sri Lanka on a regular basis during May and June as tropical cyclones and the southwest monsoon impact the nation.
The flood situation took a toll on the livelihoods of Sri Lankan people who were also crippled by the impact of COVID-19 pandemic with cases continue to surge in the months of May and June.
Floods
May 2021
Sri Lanka experienced flash floods and torrential rain fall in the month of May due to Cyclone Yaas which originated in the Bay of Bengal. According to Sri Lanka's Disaster Management Centre, the floods in the month of May killed at least 4 people and about 42000 people were affected. It was reported that around 200 houses were either fully or partially damaged by the floods in May 2021.
June 2021
The month of June also witnessed unprecedented amount of rainfall in about ten districts triggered by the onset of southwest monsoon. Many houses, paddy fields and roads were inundated by the flash floods. As of 3 June 2021, it was reported that six people were killed during the floods and five people were reported to be missing. However, the death toll rose to 14 as of 6 June 2021. On the next day as of 7 June 2021, the death toll jumped to 17 with 3 more deaths being reported.
An average rainfall of around 125 mm has reportedly fallen in upper catchment areas of the Kelani River on 5 June 2021 which prompted authorities to issue a red alert regarding a flood. The water levels of Maha Oya also rose significantly after a rainfall exceeding 100mm was reportedly fallen in upper catchment areas of the Maha Oya. About thousands of people have been left homeless.
The Sri Lanka Navy deployed 33 teams to the areas adversely affected by the floods. The Sri Lanka Air Force has also come into rescue operations and has been closely monitoring the situation.
References
2021 disasters in Asia
Sri Lanka floods
2021 in Sri Lanka
Floods in Sri Lanka
Landslides in Sri Lanka
Landslides in 2021
May 2021 events in Asia
June 2021 events in Asia
Xuzhou Medical University () is a provincial university located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu Province, China.
History
The university was established in 1958 as Xuzhou branch, Nanjing Medical College initially. In 1959, Xinhailian Medical Academy was merged into the branch, which was independent and renamed Xuzhou Medical College in the next year. In 2000, Xuzhou Health Vocational School was merged into the college. With the approval of Ministry of Education, the college was formally renamed Xuzhou Medical University in 2016..
Academics
The university has good a reputation for its anesthesiology education as one of the medical colleges to establish independent department of anesthesiology first in 1987.
References
External links
Xuzhou Medical College
Universities and colleges in Jiangsu
Mohammed Amine Ennali (born 17 March 1997) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder or forward for Dutch club .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
People from Tangier
Association football utility players
Amsterdamsche FC players
FC Volendam players
SBV Vitesse players
S.S. Lazio players
Achilles '29 players
Ittihad Tanger players
CD San Roque de Lepe footballers
Tweede Divisie players
Eerste Klasse players
Botola players
Tercera División players
Morocco youth international footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Belonoperca is a genus of marine ray-finned fish, related to the groupers and included in the subfamily Epinephelinae, part of the family Serranidae, which also includes the anthias and sea basses. They are found in the Indo-Pacific region.
Characteristics
The species within Belonoperca are elongated, predatory fish that produce the toxin grammistin in the mucus on their skin. The two species in the genus have 9 spines in their dorsal fin, although B, chabanaudi may have 10, and both have 10 dorsal fin rays. Other members of the tribe Diploprionini have more dorsal fin rays than the species of Belonoperca. They also differ from related fishes in the arrangement of the spines and rays in the anal fin.
Species
There are only two species within the genus Belonoperca:
Belonoperca chabanaudi Fowler & B.A. Bean, 1930 (Arrowhead soapfish)
Belonoperca pylei Baldwin & Smith, 1998 (Orangespotted soapfish)
Utilisation
The soapfishes in the genus Belonoperca'' are sometimes found in the aquarium trade.
References
Diploprionini
Ray-finned fish genera
Sir Robert MacLeod Hodgson, (25 February 1874 – 18 October 1956) was a British diplomat and consul.
Hodgson was born in West Bromwich, Staffordshire, the son of the Reverend Robert Hodgson, founder of West Bromwich Albion Football Club. He was educated at Radley College, near Abingdon in Oxfordshire, from 1887 to 1893, where he was a prefect, and Trinity College, Oxford, where he captained the University of Oxford hockey team and graduated with a pass degree in 1897.
He joined the Consular Service, working at the consulate in Algiers from 1901 to 1904 and becoming vice-consul at Marseille in 1904. In 1906, he was appointed commercial agent at Vladivostok and given the rank of vice-consul two years later and consul in 1911. He stayed in Vladivostok until 1919, when he was moved to Omsk as acting high commissioner to the anti-Bolshevik government. In November 1919, he was appointed commercial counsellor in Moscow. He married a Russian woman, Olga Bellavina, in 1920 and was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1920 New Year Honours. He became Chargé d'affaires in 1924 following British official recognition of the communist government, but was recalled to Britain with the rest of the British diplomatic mission in 1927. He had been appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1925.
In 1928, he was appointed minister to Albania. He retired in August 1936, but in December 1937 returned to the Foreign Office as British agent to General Franco's government in Burgos, Spain. In December 1938, he was appointed chargé d'affaires, but was surprisingly not appointed ambassador to Spain when full diplomatic relations were established in April 1939, perhaps because of his wife having been born in Russia. Instead, Sir Samuel Hoare was appointed ambassador. Once again retiring, Hodgson was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG).
From 1943 to 1945, he was chairman of the council of the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, and in 1944 to 1945 an adviser to the Foreign Office on censorship.
On 9 October 1956, Hodgson tripped over the kerb and fell while crossing Sloane Street in Chelsea, fracturing his femur. This caused him to contract pneumonia and he died in hospital nine days later.
Footnotes
References
Biography, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography.
Robert Hogson, Spain resurgent, London 1953.
Radley College Register 1847–1962, 1965.
Sir Samuel Hoare, Viscount Templewood, Ambassador on Special Mission, Collins ed. (1946), 320 pages. No ISBN registration as it was printed before 1970. Edited in Spanish translation by Sedmay ed. Madrid (1977).
Manuel Ros Agudo. La guerra secreta de Franco, (1939–1945). 410 pages. In Spanish. edit. Editorial Critica, (2002), .
External links
Images at the National Portrait Gallery
1874 births
1956 deaths
People from West Bromwich
People educated at Radley College
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People associated with the UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies
Accidental deaths from falls
Deaths from pneumonia in England
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Albania
If One of These Bottles Should Happen to Fall is the 1999 debut solo album by Tris McCall, a music journalist, novelist, and rock musician from Hudson County, New Jersey.
Production and thematic notes
If One of These Bottles Should Happen to Fall, released in 1999, was produced and mixed by Scott Miller, a California pop musician who led the groups Game Theory and The Loud Family, and who was McCall's "musical hero" until Miller's death in 2013. According to McCall, "Some of the basics were tracked in New York, but most of the recording was done in his San Bruno, California living room. He was extremely generous with his time, his insight, and his guidance".
McCall credited David Schreiber (guitar, bass guitar), who accompanied McCall on trips to the San Francisco Bay Area to make the record, as his "principal collaborator during these sessions."
According to McCall, "While the tone of the album is lighthearted, a few of the heavier themes that would later obsess me are apparent here: geography as destiny, gentrification, the pathos of the politician, capitalist activity as a glorified gambling addiction, distaste for drugs and alcohol, long looks askance at the big city across the Hudson."
While selecting songs from McCall's demos, Miller drew McCall toward the "conceptual unity" of a set of songs centering on the political, emotional, and civic life of New Jersey. Describing the prominence of New Jersey life and politics in McCall's songwriting, The New York Times wrote, "Mr. McCall's songs are the opposite of a Jersey joke. In his songs, New Jersey is the center of the world, without apology."
McCall described his musical attitude as "the Jersey way; we wear our hearts on our sleeves... I'm trying to tap into the way that civic and public life makes me feel and the way it makes other people feel," resulting in what the New York Times described as CDs "informed at their core by a sense of intense Jersey-tude." According to The Brooklyn Rail, McCall's strength is social commentary: in contrast to Bruce Springsteen's "boardwalks, arcades, and cheap little seaside bars," McCall offers "an alternative New Jersey mythology, which is more urban, urbane, and ironic, than Springsteen's, but no less captivating."
Songs
McCall opened the 1999 CD with "The New Jersey Department of Public Works," a song about "an imaginary but incredibly noble state agency." In the song, McCall set out to create "a gauzily-remembered fictional New Deal-type program, representing the kind of togetherness and industrial positivism that we imagine the 1930s and 1940s were like. It's an imaginary echo of an imaginary government department, one that unified state residents through collective building projects. It's supposed to sound like a dimly-remembered ideal, a dream of political and social cohesion achieved through identification with the state."
McCall stated that the first two songs served as a "double intro," with "The New Jersey Department of Public Works" and "Janie Abstract" representing "New Jersey as I might have dreamt it, followed by New Jersey as I actually see it." In contrast to the opening track, "Janie Abstract" depicted present-day "strip highways and commercial retrofitting of old retail establishments, class conflict, fragmentation, the haves and have-nots of modern technology, misrepresentation and aggressive development plans, postmodernity."
"The View from New Jersey" depicts a woman downsized from her job and "forced to move from Manhattan to Hoboken," who "equates her rejection by the corporate machine and exile with personal failure." McCall's sincere narrator, in a sort of therapeutic counseling, seems to suggest that "New Jersey offers opportunities for self-reinvention ... autonomy and self-governance," and before he's through, "she's glad she stayed.... It's a song that encourages listeners to bear the pain of estrangement from mainstream values."
Many of McCall's songs contain references to New Jersey politicians; examples include "Dear Governor Kean" and a litany of names mentioned in "It's Not The Money, It's The Principle." A glossary identifying the names of Hudson County politicians and local haunts was included with the If One of These Bottles CD.
Critical reception
Music critic Joe Harrington, in his 2002 book Sonic Cool: The Life & Death of Rock 'n' Roll, called If One of These Bottles "the best Elvis Costello album since Armed Forces", and cited McCall as a "master of the same kind of intricate wordplay as Dylan and Costello." Harrington added that McCall's "self-deprecating manner" and his "jovial, and thus more philosophically insightful" approach to songwriting and performance "upsets people's notions about what a 'folk' singer constitutes," as did the early Bob Dylan.
The Brooklyn Rail, which cited "social commentary" as McCall's forte, wrote that "The View from New Jersey" is not only the album's "most memorable" song, but "may be the greatest New Jersey rock song since Springsteen's 'Thunder Road'. But whereas the Boss's song was all about leaving New Jersey ... McCall's song is about settling down." The reviewer added that McCall also writes "touching, if sardonic, love songs", to the point that "Missing You" nearly "seems to be channeling Cole Porter".
Track listing
Personnel
McCall provided lead vocals and played synthesizer. Other musicians appearing on the album included Jens Carstensen on drums, David Schreiber on guitar and bass guitar, Martin Nienstedt on bass guitar, Dan Madinabeitia on piano, and Rachel Fishman and Regan Solmo on vocals.
References
External links
1999 albums
Tris McCall albums
Music of New Jersey
Jamwon-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of the greater Gangnam area Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea. Until 1988, Jamwon-dong was under the jurisdiction of Gangnam-gu. Jamwon-dong is popular for its mulberry trees and silkworms, whose cocoon is used to make fabric for clothing. As a legal-status neighborhood, Jamwon-dong includes Banpo 3-dong and Jamwon-dong (administrative neighborhood).
Education
Middle Schools
Shindong Middle School
Kyongwon Middle School
Elementary Schools
Sindong Elementary School
Banwon Elementary School
Transportation
Jamwon station of
Sinsa station of
Banpo station of
Nonhyeon station of
Express Bus Terminal station of
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Jamwon-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Polar deserts are the regions of Earth that fall under an ice cap climate (EF under the Köppen classification). Despite rainfall totals low enough to normally classify as a desert, polar deserts are distinguished from true deserts ( or under the Köppen classification) by low annual temperatures and evapotranspiration. Most polar deserts are covered in ice sheets, ice fields, or ice caps, and they are also called white deserts.
Polar deserts are one of two polar biomes, the other being Arctic tundra. These biomes are located at the poles of Earth, covering much of the Antarctic in the southern hemisphere, and in the northern hemisphere extending from the Arctic into North America, Europe and Asia. Unlike the tundra that can support plant and animal life in the summer, polar deserts are largely barren environments, comprising permanent, flat layers of ice; due to the scarcity of liquid water, the same is also true of the few ice-free areas. However, there is evidence of some life in this seemingly inhospitable landscape: sediments of organic and inorganic substances in the thick ice hosting microbial organisms closely related to cyanobacteria, able to fix carbon dioxide from the melting water.
Temperature changes in polar deserts frequently cross the freezing point of water. This "freeze-thaw" alternation forms patterned textures on the ground, as much as in diameter.
Most of the interior of Antarctica is polar desert, despite the thick ice cover. Conversely, the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica, although they have had no ice for thousands of years due to katabatic wind but contain ephemeral streams and hypersaline lakes characteristic of extreme non-polar deserts, are not necessarily polar desert.
Polar deserts are relatively common during ice ages, as ice ages tend to be dry.
Climate scientists have voiced concerns about the effects of global warming to the ice poles in these polar biomes.
See also
Desert
Desertification
List of deserts by area
List of deserts by continent
Tundra
References
Landforms
Deserts
es:Desierto polar
Sedrick Irvin (born March 30, 1978) is an American football coach and former player. He is the running backs coach at Gulliver Preparatory School. Irvin was formally the head football coach at Miami Senior High School and Westminster Christian School in Palmetto Bay, Florida. Irvin played college football at Michigan State University and professionally in the National Football League (NFL) with the Detroit Lions.
Early years
Irvin played high school football at Miami Southridge Senior High School and Miami Senior High School, where he was named a USA Today All-American in 1995. He played college football at Michigan State where he was well known for his jukes and stutter steps en route to 1,000 yards rushing seasons in each of his three seasons there. His sophomore season, in 1997, he ran for 1,211 yards on 231 carries and scored 9 touchdowns. As a junior in 1998, he ran for 1,167 yards on 272 carries and scored 10 touchdowns.
Irvin left Michigan State after his junior season with the fourth most rushing yards in school history to enter the National Football League Draft.
Professional playing career
Irvin fell to the fourth round in the 1999 NFL Draft due to scouts citing that he was too slow for the NFL game. He led the Detroit Lions in touchdowns his rookie year while backing up James Stewart. After two years in which he was beset by injuries, the Lions let Irvin go. He signed with the Miami Dolphins in hopes of returning to the NFL, but never saw game time. He also played in NFL Europe and the Arena Football League where he played linebacker and fullback, both positions new to him.
Coaching career
Irvin was formerly an assistant coach at Gulliver Preparatory School in Miami. From 2008 to 2009, he worked under head coach Nick Saban at the University of Alabama. During his acceptance speech for the Heisman Trophy, Alabama running back Mark Ingram II thanked Irvin for helping him throughout his college career. On January 14, 2010, Irvin was named the running backs coach for the Memphis Tigers
On March 6, 2011, he was hired as the new head football coach for Westminster Christian School. In April 2016, Sedrick Irvin was hired to the East Carolina University coaching staff.
Personal life
Sedrick Irvin is married with two sons. Irvin is the cousin of former Dallas Cowboys wide receiver and Pro Football Hall of Famer Michael Irvin.
References
1978 births
Living people
American football running backs
Alabama Crimson Tide football coaches
Berlin Thunder players
Columbus Destroyers players
Detroit Lions players
Memphis Tigers football coaches
Michigan State Spartans football players
High school football coaches in Florida
Miami Southridge Senior High School alumni
Players of American football from Miami
Sports coaches from Miami
Coaches of American football from Florida
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Group B of the 2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II was one of two pools in the Asia/Oceania Zone Group II of the 2010 Fed Cup. Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with the teams proceeding to their respective sections of the play-offs: the top team played for advancement to the 2011 Group I.
Hong Kong vs. Syria
Philippines vs. Kyrgyzstan
Hong Kong vs. Philippines
Syria vs. Kyrgyzstan
Hong Kong vs. Kyrgyzstan
Philippines vs. Syria
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2010 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Cavo is an American hard rock band from St. Louis, Missouri.
Geography
Monte Cavo second highest mountain of the complex of the Alban Hills, near Rome, Italy
Cavo, village in Isle of Elba, Tuscany
:fr:Cavo, French spelling for Cavu river on Corsica
People
Andrés Cavo (1739-1803) Jesuit historian of New Spain
John de lo Cavo (Italian: Giovanni de lo Cavo) Genoese pirate captain who entered the service of the Byzantine emperor Michael VIII
Acronyms
California Association of Voting Officials (CAVO)
See also
Cavos, an Italian family
Cavo-tricuspid isthmus body of fibrous tissue in the lower right atrium between the inferior vena cava, and the tricuspid valve.
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Tsutsuga, Yamagata District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It closed on December 1, 2003 when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1969
Black Magic is the third studio album by Nigerian singer Yemi Alade, released by Effyzzie Music Group on December 15, 2017. A follow-up to her 2017 EP Mama Afrique, the album features guest appearances from Falz and Olamide. Black Magic was made available for pre-order in November 2017. Prior to disclosing the album's title, Alade posted the acronym BM on social media and wanted her fans to guess its meaning. The album was produced by DJ Coublon, Vtek, Sarz, Krizbeatz, Young D, Sess, Fliptyce, IAmBeat, Philkeyz, 2Kriss and Echo. It was supported by the previously released singles "Knack Am", "Single & Searching" and "Heart Robber". The album received generally negative reviews from music critics, who panned its lyrics and Alade's songwriting.
Composition
"Knack Am" is composed of melodious strings and exotic instruments. The R&B track "Yaba Left" is named after the street lingo for Yaba's Federal Neuro Psychiatric Hospital. "Mr Stamina" is a South African house record that explores a bit of Alade's sexual desires. The Sess-produced track "Wonder Woman" mixes trap music with heavy basslines and a shortened TED speech. The dance song "Kpirim" contains elements of Igbo highlife while "Bum Bum" features a percussion-heavy dancehall production.
Singles
The DJ Coublon-produced track "Knack Am" was released on August 18, 2017, as the album's lead single. It contains elements of Igbo highlife and features strings by Fiokee. The Clarence Peters-directed music video for "Knack Am" was released on August 23, 2017. It features lush colours, aesthetics, theatrical expressions and a variety of dance styles. A snippet of the video was teased on Instagram a day before its official release. Fisayo Okare of Native magazine said the song's narrative is incoherent with the part of the video that were choreographed by children between the ages of 4 and 6.
The album's second "Single & Searching" was released on November 3, 2017. The song features a rap verse by Falz, marking his third collaboration with Alade. "Single & Searching" is a reversal of the duo's previous collaborative track "Marry Me". The song portrays Falz as a single man attempting to lure his love interest under the pretext of being single. The Clarence Peters-directed visuals for "Single & Searching" features a cameo appearance from Nigerian comedian Gloria Oloruntobi. The video sheds light on married men who fail to provide for their wives, and showcases the pain women endure as a result of their husband's betrayal.
The love track "Heart Robber" was also released on November 3, 2017, as the album's third single. Musically, it is an Afrobeats song that contains a mid-tempo guitar riff and elements of Mariachi. The visuals for the song was shot and directed by Clarence Peters. The album's fourth single "Bum Bum" was released on March 13, 2018. The accompanying visuals for "Bum Bum" features Afro-inspired styling and hip-hop apparel. In the video, Alade is seen embracing dance and showing off her moves with backup dancers. The album's fifth single "Kpirim" was released on May 23, 2018. The accompanying music video for the song was shot and directed by Bukola Jimoh.
Critical reception
Black Magic received generally negative reviews from music critics. A writer for Pulse Nigeria gave the album 2.5 stars out of 5, criticizing Alade's songwriting skills and concluding that she needs to "unlearn her basic inclination to record music in the way that she currently does". Wilfred Okiche of 360nobs considers Black Magic to be Alade's weakest record to date and said it "lacks the experimentation and ambitious drive of Mama Africa, as well as the hit making pose of King of Queens". A writer for the website Music in Africa criticized Alade for "covering geographical ground without giving the music and lyrics as much consideration".
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's back cover.
Yemi Alade – primary artist, writing
Koribo Harrison – executive producer
Taiye Aliyu – executive producer
Henry Enebeli – writing
Olamide Adedeji – featured artist, writing
Geniuzz – writing
Klem – writing
Young D – production
Sarz – production
Philkeyz – production
IAmBeat – production
Vtek – production, mastering
Fliptyce – production
Sess – production
Krizbeatz – production
2Kriss – production
Echo – production
DJ Coublon – production
Fiokee – guitar
Guitar Prince – guitar
Olaitan Dada – mixing
Swaps – mixing, mastering
Release history
References
2017 albums
Yemi Alade albums
Igbo-language albums
Albums produced by DJ Coublon
Albums produced by Sarz
Albums produced by Krizbeatz
William Asa Finley (1839–1912) was an American academic and the first president of Corvallis College, known today as Oregon State University.
Born in Missouri in 1839, Finley moved to California in 1852. He went to California Wesleyan College in Santa Clara for three years and Pacific Methodist College for one year, where he received the degree of Artium Magister. Thereafter, he received the honorary Doctor of Divinity from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina in 1871.
In 1865, Finley became the first president of Corvallis College by the appointment of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. His presidency there lasted until he resigned in June 1872 because of the health problems of his wife, Sarah Elizabeth Latimer. After Finley moved back to Santa Rosa, California with his wife, he became the second president of Pacific Methodist College in 1876; later, he became a president of Santa Rosa Young Ladies College.
William Asa Finley was the grandson of both Missouri state legislator Asa Finley and of California Pioneer William M. Campbell I, whose son co-founded the city of Campbell, California.
Legacies
Finley's contribution to Oregon State University was significant in that during his presidency, Corvallis College reached the status of an independent institution of higher education.
William L. Finley National Wildlife Refuge was named for Finley's nephew, conservationist William L. Finley.
Finley Hall on the OSU/Oregon State Campus was named for him.
References
Oregon State University faculty
Presidents of Oregon State University
1839 births
1912 deaths
University of the Pacific (United States) alumni
Wofford College alumni
Needmore is the name of the following places in the U.S. state of Indiana:
Needmore, Brown County, Indiana
Needmore, Lawrence County, Indiana
Needmore, Vermillion County, Indiana
Michael Ryan Harris (born October 3, 1991) is an American soccer player. He is best known for his flip-throw.
Career
College and Amateur
Harris spent his entire college career at the University of Washington. He made a total of 76 appearances for the Huskies and tallied four goals and 19 assists.
He also played in the Premier Development League for Washington Crossfire and Seattle Sounders FC U-23.
Professional
On January 27, 2015, Harris signed a professional contract with USL club Oklahoma City Energy FC. He made his professional debut on March 28 in a 1–1 draw against Tulsa Roughnecks FC.
References
External links
Energy FC bio
Washington Huskies bio
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
Washington Huskies men's soccer players
Washington Crossfire players
Seattle Sounders FC U-23 players
OKC Energy FC players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Washington (state)
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
The Asian Football Confederation's 1989 AFC Women's Championship was held from 19 to 29 December 1989 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won by for the second consecutive time by China in the final against Chinese Taipei.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
Goalscorers
External links
RSSSF.com
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Hong Kong
Afc
AFC
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
Sinclair Oxford was a range of low-cost scientific calculators manufactured and sold by Sinclair Radionics in England from 1975 until 1976.
History
In November 1974, Gillette wanted to enter the consumer electronics market, so consulted Sinclair, who designed for them the Gillette GPA. Whilst the GPA was released, Gillette put the product on hold after a short time due to economic and pricing uncertainties. Sinclair would use the GPA design for the Oxford range, the development and tooling of which had been paid for by Gillette.
The first model was the Oxford 100, launched in Spring 1975 for (all prices exclude VAT); and essentially the same as the GPA. Both the Gillette GPA and Oxford 100 models used 8 digit displays with red light-emitting diodes (LEDs), 4 functions, 9 volt PP3 batteries, and measured .
Models
All the Oxford models were similar in appearance; the 150 was introduced in 1975 introducing the ability to calculate percentages and square roots. The Oxford 200 included memory and sold for £19.95. The Oxford 300 was a scientific model with a limited number of functions (such as sin, cos, tan), which sold for £29.95, much lower than the competition. The last two models, the Oxford Scientific (1976) and Oxford Universal were the most advanced of the range.
The high power consumption of the calculators, which drew 40 mA while in operation, four times the recommended limit of the batteries, meant a short battery life. Computer Digest recommended using a much larger PP3 battery, but that meant losing the portability of the calculator.
References
Computer-related introductions in 1975
Sinclair calculators
Nizhnyaya Pechenga () is a rural locality (a village) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 37 as of 2002.
Geography
Nizhnyaya Pechenga is located 57 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikhaylovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Danny Crossman (born January 17, 1967) is an American football coach who is the assistant head coach and special teams coordinator for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League. Previously, he served as special teams coordinator for the Carolina Panthers (2007–2009), Detroit Lions (2010–2012), and Buffalo Bills (2013–2018).
Playing career
Crossman was a second-team all-America and all-Big East cornerback at Pittsburgh. He lettered two seasons (1987 and 1989) as a defensive back and one (1988) as the Panthers' starting fullback. As a senior, he served as team captain and was named the squad's MVP as he led the Panthers to the 1989 Sun Bowl. He also played one season at Kansas, where he was a Freshman All-America by The Sporting News in 1985 before following KU head coach Mike Gottfried to Pittsburgh.
Crossman signed as a free agent with the Washington Redskins in 1990. He made the squad, but was put on injured reserve after just three games. He also spent time on injured reserve with the Detroit Lions in 1991 and 1992.
He captained the London Monarchs of the World League of American Football in 1991 and 1992, earning All-League honors. He recorded three interceptions and earned MVP honors in the inaugural World Bowl, leading the Monarchs to the league title.
Coaching career
Crossman began his coaching career at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in 1993 where he coached the defensive backs and special teams. Crossman spent 2003-2009 as a member of the Carolina Panthers coaching staff. He was the Panthers special teams coordinator over his last 5 seasons with the team. Crossman was hired by the Detroit Lions in 2010 as special teams coordinator. On September 30, 2012, against the Lions, the Minnesota Vikings returned a kickoff and a punt for a touchdown for the first time in a single game in franchise history.
On February 8, 2019, the Miami Dolphins announced Crossman as their special teams coordinator. He received an additional title of assistant head coach on March 11, 2021.
Personal life
Crossman earned his bachelor's degree in business administration and communications from Pittsburgh in 1990. He and his wife, Susan, have a son, Kyle, and a daughter, Kaylie.
References
External links
Carolina Panthers bio
1967 births
Living people
People from El Paso, Texas
Kansas Jayhawks football players
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
London Monarchs players
UCF Knights football coaches
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football coaches
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football coaches
Michigan State Spartans football coaches
Carolina Panthers coaches
Detroit Lions coaches
Buffalo Bills coaches
Miami Dolphins coaches
Alex Gilbert may refer to:
Alex Gilbert (adoption advocate) (born 1992), New Zealand adoption advocate
Alex Gilbert (basketball) (born 1957), American basketball player
Alex Gilbert (footballer) (born 2001), Irish footballer
Segers is a Dutch patronymic surname. The mostly archaic Dutch given names Seger, Segher, Sieger and Zegher derive from Germanic Sigi- and -her, meaning "victorious lord". People with the surname Segers include
Carlos Segers (1900–1967), Argentine astronomer
Geno Segers (born 1978), American actor
Gert-Jan Segers (born 1969), Dutch political scientist and politician
Gunter Segers (born 1968), Belgian children's book author and illustrator
Gustaaf Segers (1848–1930), Belgian writer and scholar
Hans Segers (born 1961), Dutch goalkeeper
Hercules Segers (1589–1638), Dutch painter and printmaker
(born 1929), Belgian composer, conductor and reed player
Noël Segers (born 1959), Belgian racing cyclist
(1870–1946), Belgian government minister
(1900–1983), Belgian government minister
Willy Segers (born 1958), Belgian politician
See also
Mount Segers, Antarctic mountain named after Chester W. Segers
Related surnames:
Seger
Segert
Seghers
Zegers
References
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
is the first opening theme song of the 1980s anime Fist of the North Star, performed by Japanese rock band , with the verses sung by Monsieur Yoshisaki and the chorus by Masayuki Tanaka. The original B-side for the single was the first ending theme of Fist of the North Star titled . The song is known for the refrain , which is sometimes used as an alternate title for the song.
"Ai o Torimodose!!" is featured as an extra "special BGM" in the PlayStation 2 version of the multiplatform Jissen PachiSlot Hisshohou! Hokuto no Ken video game and is also used as the opening for the 2005 Sega-Sammy arcade game.
Mixed Martial Artist Josh Barnett used the song as an entrance theme in PRIDE Fighting Championships.
The song has been covered by multiple artists, including Animetal on Animetal Marathon IV and Decade of Bravehearts. Most recently, Hiromi Konno as Akira Kogami and Minoru Shiraishi as himself covered "Ai o Torimodose!!" under the name for the theme song of the Lucky Star OVA.
In addition, both Yoshisaki (performing as Crystal King) and Tanaka have released self covers of "Ai o Torimodose!!". This began with Yoshisaki in 2004 on a single with the theme of Lupin III as the B-side and another single later in 2004 of remixes of "Ai o Torimodose!!" with "Yuria... Towa ni" as the B-side. He later released another version of the single in 2006 titled "Ai o Torimodose!! (Movie ver.)" (with a version of "Yuria... Towa ni" as the B-side) for the Legend of Raoh film. Tanaka's release of "Ai o Torimodose!! SPECIAL-EDITION" later in 2006 included "Yuria... Towa ni" as a B-side as well as the opening theme of Fist of the North Star 2 "TOUGH BOY" performed by TOM. A heavy metal arrangement of the song is featured on the Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage soundtrack.
References
Anisong Database
Anime soundtracks
Fist of the North Star
Lucky Star (manga)
1984 songs
Daniel Murray (1768, at Sheepwalk, near Arklow, Ireland – Dublin, 1852) was a Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin.
Life
He was born on 18 April 1768 at Sheepwalk, near Arklow, County Wicklow, the son of Thomas and Judith Murray. His parents were farmers. At the age of eight he went to Thomas Betagh's school at Saul's Court, near Christchurch Cathedral. At sixteen, Archbishop John Carpenter sent him to the Irish College at Salamanca, completing his studies at the University of Salamanca. He was ordained priest in 1792 at the age of twenty-four.
After some years as curate at St. Paul's Church in Dublin he was transferred to Arklow, and was there in 1798 when the rebellion broke out. The yeomanry shot the parish priest in bed and Murray, to escape a similar fate, fled to the city where for two years he served as curate at St. Andrew's Chapel on Hawkins Street. As a preacher, Murray is said to have been particularly effective, especially in appeals for charitable causes, such as the schools. He was then assigned to the Chapel of St. Mary in Upper Liffey Street where Archbishop John Troy was the Parish Priest.
In 1809, at the request of Archbishop Troy, Murray was appointed coadjutor bishop, and consecrated on 30 November 1809. In 1811 he was made Administrator of St. Andrew's. That same year he helped Mary Aikenhead establish the Religious Sisters of Charity. While coadjutor he filled for one year the position of president of St Patrick's College, Maynooth.
Murray was an uncompromising opponent of a proposal granting the British government a "veto" over Catholic ecclesiastical appointments in Ireland, and in 1814 and 1815, made two separate trips to Rome concerning the controversy.
Murray became Archbishop of Dublin in 1825 and on 14 November 1825 celebrated the completion of St Mary's Pro-Cathedral. He enjoyed the confidence of successive popes, and was held in high respect by the British government. His life was mainly devoted to ecclesiastical affairs, the establishment and organisation of religious associations for the education and relief of the poor. With the outbreak of cholera in the 1830s, in 1834 he and Mother Aikenhead founded St. Vincent's Hospital. Murray persuaded Edmund Rice to send members of the Christian Brothers to Dublin to start a school for boys. The first was opened in a lumberyard on the City-quay. He assisted Catherine McAuley in founding the Sisters of Mercy, and in 1831 professed the first three members.
Edward Bouverie Pusey had an interview with him in 1841, and bore testimony to his moderation, and John Henry Newman had some correspondence with him prior to Newman's conversion from the Anglican Church to the Roman Catholic Church in 1845. A seat in the privy council at Dublin, officially offered to him in 1846, was not accepted. Murray took part in the synod of the Roman Catholic clergy at Thurles in 1850.
Towards the end of his life, Murray's eyesight was impaired, and he read and wrote with difficulty. Among his last priestly functions was a funeral service for Richard Lalor Sheil who had died in Italy, and whose body had been brought back to Ireland for burial. Daniel Murray died at Dublin on 26 February 1852, at the age of eighty-four. He was interred in the pro-cathedral, Dublin, where a marble statue of him has been erected in connection with a monument to his memory, executed by James Farrell, president of the Royal Hibernian Academy of Fine Arts.
Views
He was a strong supporter of Daniel O'Connell's Catholic Association, and gave testimony before the Parliamentary Commission on Catholic emancipation, but remained aloof from the Repeal Association.
Murray was later a strong opponent of the Ecclesiastical Titles Act 1851. Because the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 (Statute 10 of George IV, chapter 10) had forbidden the use of the old titles except by the clergy of the established Protestant Church, the Catholic Church had refrained from using the ancient titles of the existing Anglican sees, and had created new titles for their bishoprics. In Ireland, the Catholic hierarchy continued to use the titles of the ancient sees. In 1850, in response to the Catholic emancipation legislation, Pope Pius IX set up a Roman Catholic hierarchy of dioceses in England and Wales in Universalis Ecclesiae. The Ecclesiastical Titles Act 1851 was passed in response, making it a criminal offence for anyone outside the Church of England to use any episcopal title "of any city, town or place, or of any territory or district (under any designation or description whatsoever), in the United Kingdom". The Roman Catholic community unofficially used the territorial titles, although the bishops themselves carefully stayed within the letter of the law. No one was ever prosecuted.
He supported Stanley's National Education scheme and among the first Education Commissioners, wished to tolerate the Queen's Colleges, as opposed to the views of Archbishop John MacHale of Tuam. He had hesitation, however, in accepting the adverse decision of Rome, and was present at the Synod of Thurles where the Queen's Colleges were formally condemned.
References
Attribution
Sources
D'Alton, Archbishops of Dublin (Dublin, 1838)
Healy, Centenary History of Maynooth College (Dublin, 1895)
Meagher, Life of Archbishop Murray (Dublin, 1853)
FitzPatrick, Life of Dr. Doyle (Dublin, 1880)
O'Reilly, Life of Archbishop MacHale (New York, 1890)
External links
1768 births
1852 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Ireland
Roman Catholic archbishops of Dublin
Presidents of St Patrick's College, Maynooth
People from Arklow
Abraham Jeriel Richard Dorsett (born 4 May 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Kilmarnock, on loan from Reading .
Career
On 21 October 2019, Dorsett signed his first professional contract with Reading. Dorsett made his professional debut with Reading in a 1-0 FA Cup loss to Luton Town F.C. on 9 January 2021.
On 20 August 2021, Dorsett joined Rochdale on a season long loan. He was then loaned to Kilmarnock in August 2022.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
English footballers
England youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Reading F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Black British sportspeople
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
English Football League players
In mathematics, a semigroup with no elements (the empty semigroup) is a semigroup in which the underlying set is the empty set. Many authors do not admit the existence of such a semigroup. For them a semigroup is by definition a non-empty set together with an associative binary operation. However not all authors insist on the underlying set of a semigroup being non-empty. One can logically define a semigroup in which the underlying set S is empty. The binary operation in the semigroup is the empty function from to S. This operation vacuously satisfies the closure and associativity axioms of a semigroup. Not excluding the empty semigroup simplifies certain results on semigroups. For example, the result that the intersection of two subsemigroups of a semigroup T is a subsemigroup of T becomes valid even when the intersection is empty.
When a semigroup is defined to have additional structure, the issue may not arise. For example, the definition of a monoid requires an identity element, which rules out the empty semigroup as a monoid.
In category theory, the empty semigroup is always admitted. It is the unique initial object of the category of semigroups.
A semigroup with no element is an inverse semigroup, since the necessary condition is vacuously satisfied.
See also
Field with one element
Semigroup with one element
Semigroup with two elements
Semigroup with three elements
Special classes of semigroups
References
Algebraic structures
Semigroup theory
Huguette Bohoussou is an Ivorian former footballer. She has been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Bohoussou capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2008 African Women's Championship qualification (second round).
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
Van Wees v Karkour (1) and Walsh (2) [(2007) EWHC 165 (QB)] was an English law case of importance because of its implications in the assessment of damages. As such, it has relevance in particular to personal injury solicitors and employment consultants.
Facts
Van Wees suffered a head injury and post-traumatic amnesia (PTA) in a road traffic accident whilst riding as a pillion passenger on a motorscooter. She claimed that the "loss of edge" caused by the accident had been a contributory factor which then led to dismissal from her employment. Her schedule of loss claimed for just under £10 million.
Judgment
The Hon. Mr Justice Brian Langstaff awarded £1,105,012, saying that had she not been injured, she had a greater prospect of being retained in her employment. His judgment involved the assessment of the subtle effects of mild brain injury on someone who remained of superior intelligence and capable of achieving high earnings even after her accident. He determined that the injury had caused a "loss of edge" and that the claimant would have been capable of even higher earnings but for the accident. The court also found that the injury had been a contributory factor in the claimant losing the high level corporate job that she had started following her injury.
The key diagnostic indicator in subtle brain injury cases is post-traumatic amnesia. In the summary, the judge carefully defined PTA. The crucial point is that it is not a total lack of memory. Rather, it is characterized by "islands of memory, punctuating periods of loss of memory". It begins at the accident and lasts until the return of normal complete memory.
He also ruled that, whilst not accepting that she was consciously exaggerating her condition, he found that the accident had become "a handy explanation to herself as to the reason for the inability of her career to progress as she had expected it would". This case therefore also illustrates that a thorough investigation of a claimant's perceived medical condition as well as his or her own personal expectations can make a substantial difference to awards at trial.
The judge also had to make a decision based on the sex of the claimant. The defence had argued that since women earn less than men, including the upper echelons of management in the private sector, this should be reflected in the award.
The claimant suggested that this meant that a woman will throughout her foreseeable years of employment be at a similar disadvantage to that to which she is now subject, and has been since and despite the Equal Pay Act 1970 which came into force on 29 December 1975. In effect, the court was being asked to base an award for future loss of earnings upon an assumption that discrimination will continue, and that legislation counteracting discrimination in pay will be flouted. The court would thus be complicit in discrimination and the perpetuation of inequality. Justice Brian Langstaff ruled as follows:
See also
English tort law
Notes
References
barrister blog
Court circular p4
High Court of Justice cases
English tort case law
2007 in case law
2007 in British law
Heysen may refer to:
People
Hans Heysen, South Australian landscape artist
Nora Heysen, South Australian artist, daughter of Hans
Other
Heysen Trail, a long-distance walking trail in South Australia
Heysen Tunnels, a pair of road tunnels in South Australia
Electoral district of Heysen, an electorate in South Australia
Sir Christopher John Elinger Ball (born 22 April 1935) is a British academic, who served as Warden of Keble College, Oxford, from 1980 to 1988, and as the first Chancellor of the University of Derby, from 1995 to 2003.
Life
Ball was educated at St George's School, Harpenden, and served in the Parachute Regiment as a Second Lieutenant (1955 to 1956). He then read English at Merton College, Oxford, where he was a scholar, obtaining a first-class degree in 1959. After lecturing in Oxford, he moved to be a lecturer in comparative linguistics at the School of Oriental and African Studies (part of the University of London) in 1961. He returned to the University of Oxford in 1964 as a Fellow and Tutor in English at Lincoln College, where he also served as bursar from 1972 to 1979. In 1980, he was appointed Warden of Keble College, Oxford, a post that he held until 1988, the same year that he was knighted. He was appointed an Honorary Fellow of Lincoln College in 1981, Merton College in 1987, and of Keble College in 1989. From 1995 to 2003, he served as the first Chancellor of the University of Derby which had achieved University status in 1992.
He was the joint founding editor (with Angus Cameron) of Toronto Dictionary of Old English (1970). He has written various works on educational and linguistic matters, as well as some poetry (as "John Elinger").
References
External links
Living people
1935 births
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
Academics of SOAS University of London
Fellows of Lincoln College, Oxford
Wardens of Keble College, Oxford
Linguists from the United Kingdom
British poets
British Parachute Regiment officers
Knights Bachelor
People educated at St George's School, Harpenden
People associated with the University of Derby
British male poets
Fellows of Merton College, Oxford
The Virgin Valley Heritage Museum, originally known as the Desert Valley Museum, is in Mesquite, Nevada and is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. The museum displays exhibits about area pioneers and local history.
History
The building was designed by Walter Warren Hughes and built by the National Youth Administration in the Vernacular Pueblo Revival style.
Opened in 1940 as a library, it was converted around 1945 to a Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital branch. From 1977 to 1984, the building was used by the Boy Scouts of America for meetings.
It opened as the Desert Valley Museum on May 23, 1985. In July 2001, the name was changed to the Virgin Valley Heritage Museum.
The site was listed as a building in the National Register of Historic Places on October 24, 1991.
Collection
The collection includes artifacts from about 1875 to 1935.
References
External links
– City of Mesquite
Museums in Clark County, Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Nevada
Buildings and structures in Mesquite, Nevada
History museums in Nevada
Pueblo Revival architecture
New Deal in Nevada
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Museums on the National Register of Historic Places
National Youth Administration
John of Burgundy (1404 – 27 April 1479), also known as Jean de Bourgogne, was the illegitimate son of John the Fearless, through his mistress Agnes de Croy, daughter of Jean I de Croÿ and was appointed Archbishop of Trier, served as Bishop of Cambrai from 1439–1479, Provost of St. Donatian's Cathedral and St. Peter's Cathedral at Lille. He was the great-grandson of King John II of France.
Church manipulation
Historians have noted that Bishop John was part of the manipulation of the church by the Dukes of Burgundy during this era, with his father being accused of nepotism and cronyism in having his relatives and supporters appointed to bishoprics, abbacies, and chapters to gain more control and influence over church. His father appointed his own chancellor as the Bishop of Tournai, John as the Bishop of Cambrai, and John's father Philip had his son David appointed Bishop of Utrecht. Philip also appointed the church officials at Tournai, Arras, Cologne, Besançon, Autun, Mâcon and Auxerre.
Papal appointment
In 1446, Pope Eugene IV was engaged in an internal church conflict over the validity of his papacy with Felix V. Recognized by the Kings of Castile, France, and England, Eugenius took steps to solidify his support within the church by ex-communicating and deposing supporters of Felix, including the Archbishops at Trier and Cologne. Eugenius appointed John to fill the vacant Archbishopric at Trier, however, the appointment was disputed.
Illegitimate children
John fathered numerous illegitimate children; it is written that he celebrated mass once at Cambrai in the presence of his 36 illegitimate sons or grandsons.
References
1404 births
1479 deaths
Clergy from Dijon
Archbishops of Trier
Bishops of Cambrai
Lucas Lopes Beraldo (born 24 November 2003), or simply Lucas Beraldo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for São Paulo.
Professional career
Beraldo made his professional debut with São Paulo at the 2022 Copa Sudamericana 1–0 win against Ayacucho, on 25 May 2022.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Brazil
Torneio Internacional do Espírito Santo (U-20)
2022
References
External links
at ZeroZero.pt
2003 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
São Paulo FC players
Footballers from São Paulo
Brazil youth international footballers
Operation Desert Scorpion was an American response to the crises between the United Nations and Iraq in February 1998. Sadam Hussein provoked the United Nations by refusing to live up to his obligations to allow full access to his military sites for inspection. American military units deployed to the region (Operation Desert Thunder), in support of a number of options.
Operation Desert Scorpion was a contingency plan that called for a single American division (the 24th Infantry Division), reinforced by some Marine units, to drive from Kuwait north to beyond Basra, cutting Iraq in half and hopefully provoking widespread rebellions.
This option was not carried out, as the United Nations Secretary General was able to negotiate a peaceful solution.
Iraq–United States relations
Enough is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Michael Apted. The movie is based on the 1998 novel Black and Blue, by Anna Quindlen, which was a New York Times bestseller. It stars Jennifer Lopez as Slim, an abused wife who learns to fight back. Enough garnered generally negative reviews from film critics on its release, though it is now often cited as an underrated thriller.
Plot
Slim (Jennifer Lopez) is a waitress in a Los Angeles diner where she meets Mitch Hiller (Billy Campbell), who wards off a rude man trying to hit on her. They eventually marry, have a daughter named Gracie (Tessa Allen), and live happily in an expensive house.
Some years later, Slim finds out Mitch has been cheating on her; when she threatens to leave, he begins to beat and threaten her. He insists that because he is the breadwinner, he gets to do whatever he likes, and he won't end his affair unless she wants to fight him.
Slim goes to Mitch's mother (Janet Carroll) about the abuse, but she is unsympathetic and implies the abuse is Slim's fault. Her best friend Ginny (Juliette Lewis) tells her to leave him and press charges, but when she goes to the police, even they are unable to offer any help.
Mitch tells Slim he knows she discussed the abuse with his mother, beating her again, and she realizes she has no other choice but to take Gracie and leave. Slim enlists her friends to help her and Gracie escape late at night, but Mitch foils the plan. After some struggle, they all escape.
Mitch freezes and empties Slim's bank accounts, leaving her unable to rent a room. Tracking her down at a cheap motel, he tries to break into the room, but she escapes with Gracie, moving to Seattle to stay with an old friend, Joe (Dan Futterman).
The next day, men posing as the FBI show up and threaten Joe, damaging his apartment. Slim then goes to her wealthy, estranged father, Jupiter (Fred Ward). Even though Slim sent several unanswered letters to him as a child, Jupiter claims he is unaware of her existence and believes she is just after money, offering her only $12. Slim and Gracie briefly find refuge at a commune, where Jupiter later contacts her, revealing that Mitch's associates had threatened him, which caused him to be interested to help her. He sends her a large sum of money, which allows her to set up a new life under a new identity, and he lets her know to reach out if she needs more.
Joe visits Slim, but Mitch tracks her down and she escapes with Gracie. Consulting a lawyer, she is warned there is little she can do. Slim then goes into hiding in San Francisco and sends Gracie away to safety while she trains in Krav Maga self defense while enlisting the help of a woman who looks identical to her. She breaks into Mitch's new home and hides his guns, jams the phone, plants fake letters saying she is there to discuss custody of Gracie, and awaits his return. When he arrives, they fight and Slim beats Mitch unconscious, before she eventually knocks him off a balcony to his death. The police regard her actions as self-defense. Slim and Gracie reunite and go to live with Joe in Seattle.
Cast
Production
Casting and filming
Enough, produced by Columbia Pictures, is directed by Michael Apted and written by Nicholas Kazan. On November 9, 2000, New York Daily News reported that Lopez was in talks to star in Enough, "which follows a newly married young woman's descent into domestic violence after her dream man physically abuses her, causing her to go on the run". Sandra Bullock was originally cast to play Slim, a waitress. In November 2000 Variety magazine reported that Bullock had to back out of Enough because of scheduling conflict with another film.
On May 19, 2001, it was reported that Lopez was cast as Slim, and Once and Again actor Billy Campbell was cast as Mitch, a "wealthy contractor" and Slim's abusive husband. Juliette Lewis, Noah Wyle, Dan Futterman and Fred Ward were also announced to be co-starring in the film. According to Basham, filming began on May 21, 2001, and took place on location in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Port Townsend and Seattle. During a documentary featured on a special edition DVD of the film, Kazan said Lopez was "very good" at creating the character on film "through unscripted details, physical gestures and fiddling with props." He described her emotional acting as "perfect pitch". Apted, who had heard rumors that Lopez was a diva, described her as "fantastic" and good to work with. He also noted Lopez "very much on the case, and that was very impressive." Years later, in 2008, Lopez revealed that during the filming of Enough, she overworked and had a nervous breakdown: "I was suffering from a lack of sleep. And I did have a kind of nervous breakdown. I froze up on set. Well, not on a set, but in my trailer. I was like, I don't want to move, I don't want to talk, I don't want to do anything. It was on that movie, Enough. Yeah, I did. I had a nervous breakdown."
Themes
Enough is a thriller film which also details an abusive relationship. Kazan said it is "About the worst aspect of the male psyche is that males have been taught, traditionally, to expect to get what they want. Much of the problems that men have, or the problems that men impose on women, have to do with feeling like they're entitled, and that women should do what men want." Ryan J. Downey of MTV News said "Is America ready to see its favorite iced-up, well-manicured diva, Jennifer Lopez, all glammed-down and kicking ass as a battered wife?".
Explaining the concept of the film, Lopez stated: "There's twists and turns and it's exciting ... but it also has a message, which is what attracted me to it in the first place, which is an empowering thing." Describing its message, she said "[If] you're in these negative situations, negative relationships, whatever, you can get out ... The power to get out of those things is always within yourself. That's the message of the movie." When Lopez read the script, she knew she was "going to have to do [the] whole sequence at the end" which featured an act that required her to "become a believable lean, mean fighting machine." Lopez then thought she should learn T'ai Chi or Tae Kwon Do, but was worried about learning it at an expert level in a short period of time. Her personal trainer then suggested that she study Krav Maga, the "official self-defense system of the Israeli Defense Forces which has recently become trendy in the States. The fighting style focuses on combating realistic scenarios with moves that are based on common, instinctual reactions", according to MTV News. Talking about the system, Lopez said: "[Krav Maga] levels out the playing field between men and women ... Where it doesn't matter how big or tall or strong you are. You can actually maneuver around that. It's about getting out of the way, counter attacking and using whatever you can to get the upper hand."
During an interview with Lopez, journalist Diane Sawyer of ABC News noted that people "in the abuse counseling industry, have said you can't tell women that, they can't do that. That something that's dangerous, even to see it in their minds." Lopez responded by stating: "Well, you know, this is a movie that has the touches upon those themes, but really, it's a thriller ... it's about empowering yourself in any situation, you know, that you have. When I read the script, I saw it as, you have the power within yourself, no matter how severe the situation can be, to change whatever that is, to find that power within yourself to change any negative situation."
Release
Enough was planned to be released in September 2001, but was pushed back to "early" 2002. It was released on May 24, 2002. With a production budget of $38 million, the film did make a profit. After its opening week, Enough ranked at No. 5 on the American Box Office chart, grossing over $14 million having been screened across 2,623 theaters. The next week, it grossed $6.8 million, dropping to No. 7 at the box office, and grossed $3.7 million after its third week, falling to No. 9. Ultimately, Enough grossed $40 million domestically and a total of $51.8 million worldwide.
Home media
Sony Pictures Home Entertainment released the DVD of Enough on October 8, 2002, in Dolby Digital English and French languages, as well as subtitles. A VHS edition was released on March 4, 2003. A special widescreen edition containing an aspect ratio of 2.40:1 was released on September 16, 2003; it also included Spanish language options. It has a range of extras which includes three deleted scenes: "Strip Joint Break In", "Enough Is Enough" and "Krav Maga: Contact Combat". Lopez's music video for the song's soundtrack "Alive" is also included. During a "making-of" documentary for the film entitled "Max on the Set: Enough" Lopez stated she was attracted to Enough because it was "like a female Rocky". Cynthia Fuchs from PopMatters wrote an in-depth review of the special edition DVD release, and said: "Just why this film needs a second DVD release is unclear, except for the apparent diktat that there is no such thing as enough or even too much J-Lo".
Critical reception
The film earned generally negative reviews from critics, although some praised Lopez's performance. On Rotten Tomatoes, 22% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 125 reviews. The site's consensus states: "Enough exploits the serious issue of spousal abuse to make an illogical, unintelligent thriller." On Metacritic, the film had an average score of 25% based on reviews from 32 critics. Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade A− on scale of A to F.
Stephen Holden of The New York Times said Lopez "holds the screen in a star performance that has less to do with acting than with embodying a forceful, streetwise woman who stands up for herself", while commenting that its preview had "audience gasping" and "Enough does a better job than most movies of sustaining a mood of palpable physical menace, then confirming your worst fears". Alice King of Entertainment Weekly described the film's plot as "arduously nonsensical" and felt that Lopez lacked connection with her on-screen daughter Tessa Allen, commenting that: "All this to protect a helium-voiced little girl with whom Lopez has so little chemistry, it's as if she's handling garbage rather than a small child." Blake French from Contactmusic.com was underwhelmed with the development of the film, and was critical that the film does not use Slim's old friend and romantic interest enough, nor does it develop Slim's real and adopted father figures while it "uses the tiresome old 'kid' cliché. Gracie is, as always, just old enough to understand the situation, but not quite old enough to make an actual impact in the story." French did praise Lopez in the end sequence, "By the final scenes, despite their obviousness, I was as engrossed in the movie as I could have been, actually rooting for J. Lo to kick some bad guy butt". Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote: "Lopez has an image of being sexy and tough, but her appeal as an actress is that she's down to earth and that her emotions are accessible. There's nothing cold about her." Additionally, LaSalle felt that "It's the most tension-producing movie out there right now", stating that "it has the biggest visceral kick, capable of inspiring blood lust in otherwise peaceful viewers.
ReelViews' James Berardinelli said Enough is director "[Michael] Apted at his most commercial, and, unfortunately, his least compelling." Michael Atkinson of The Village Voice called Campbell the film's "primary power source", "His steely gaze and overbearing quietude are forever tainted; "Once and Again" doesn't stand a chance in Lifetime reruns". Robert Koehler of Variety was negative, "Enough, a thriller detailing how a good wife gets back at an evil, possessive husband, is never provocative enough to generate strong emotional response." Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times called the film "tacky material" and was surprised to "see a director like Michael Apted and an actress like Jennifer Lopez" involved in it. Paula Nechack of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer called Enough "implausible and ugly" and felt that it had already been done by actresses including Julia Roberts and Ashley Judd, and its script was "more than enough of a mess to tarnish her box-office luster." Maitland McDonagh of TV Guide reviewed the film negatively, but praised the ending sequence, "If ever a movie was undermined by its packaging, it's this formulaic thriller about a resourceful battered wife and the brutal husband who won't let her go ... the entire promotional campaign is driven by the last 20 minutes, in which Slim becomes a lean, mean fighting machine and kicks the bastard's ass". Nathan Rabin of The A.V. Club said "the film's idiocy works for Lopez: Every diva needs at least one camp classic on her résumé". Desson Thomson from The Washington Post emphasized his disappointment with the film, stating: "In terms of actual social conscience, the movie gets a demagogic, rabble-rousing F. It also gets a failed grade for honest writing."
Jennifer Lopez was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress for her performance in the film (as well as for Maid in Manhattan) but lost in a tie to both Madonna for Swept Away and Britney Spears for Crossroads.
Soundtrack
The official score for Enough was composed by David Arnold, and released by Audio CD on June 4, 2002. In addition to its score, Lopez recorded the song entitled "Alive", which she co-wrote with her then-husband Cris Judd. Although it served as the song's soundtrack and was used during the film, it does not appear on the film's score.
References
External links
2002 films
2000s action drama films
2002 thriller drama films
American action drama films
American thriller drama films
Columbia Pictures films
Films scored by David Arnold
Films about domestic violence
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Michael Apted
Films produced by Irwin Winkler
Films set in San Francisco
Films shot in Washington (state)
2002 drama films
Films about stalking
Films about mother–daughter relationships
Films about divorce
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Zada may refer to:
Zada (suffix)
An alternate spelling of Zadeh
Zada, West Virginia
Zada (footballer) (born 1980), Leonardo Martins Dinelli, Brazilian footballer
People with the surname Zada
Jason Zada
Norm Zada
Concepción Mendizábal Mendoza (March 4, 1893 - November 23, 1985) was a Mexican civil engineer. Mendizábal was the first woman in Mexico to earn a civil engineering degree. She attended the Palacio de Minería starting in 1921 and successfully passed the engineering exam on February 11, 1930.
Biography
Mendizábal was born in Mexico City on March 4, 1893. Her father, Joaquín de Mendizábal y Tamborrel, was an engineer and she was inspired by his career. She had a primary education between 1913 and 1917 and then entered a normal school for teachers. She also pursued additional courses in math.
Mendizábal started taking engineering classes at the Escuela Nacional de Ingenieros in the Palacio de Minería in 1921. At first, she audited the classes, but eventually her normal school courses were considered equivalent to the bachelor's degree she required to be fully enrolled. While she was in school, her father became ill and eventually died in 1926. Nevertheless, she came back to school and achieved high grades in all her classes. She graduated in 1927 and in January 1930, applied to take the professional exam for engineers. Her thesis was unusual in being illustrated with photographs. When she passed the exam on February 11, 1930, she became the first woman in Mexico to earn a civil engineering degree.
Mendizábal went on to work with the Sociedad Científica Antonio Alzate, which her father had helped create. She was honored with the Ruth Rivera award in 1974.
Mendizábal died on November 23, 1985.
References
Mexican civil engineers
1893 births
1985 deaths
People from Mexico City
Mexican women engineers
20th-century women engineers
Sazlar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Sirens Aquatic Sports Club is an aquatic sports club with over 500 fully paid up members, one of the largest of its kind in Malta. The club is run by an elected committee which devolves some of its duties and tasks to various sub-committees. All committee and sub-committee members are volunteers and receive no payment for their work.
The statute of the club lays down the scope for the existence of the same club which is:
The promotion of waterpolo, swimming and other aquatic sports.
The observance of the rules of the clubs and those organizations to which the club is affiliated.)
The promotion of a sporting spirit, particularly amongst its young athletes.
The development and maintenance of the club premises and facilities
For many years Sirens ASC has been in the forefront of Maltese aquatic sports and has faced many challenges that would have defeated a less strong minded group of people. In 1998 the club premises were destroyed by a vicious storm but they were not only rebuilt within a few months to higher standard but the club went on to develop what is now Malta's number one private water sports facility.
Financially the club is dependent on the rentals of its facilities, sponsors, donors and its members. Over the past fifty years the club has grown from a humble wooden shack on a barren rock by the sea to a fully fledged facility used by thousands of patrons every summer.
All this has been made possible by the hard work of a group of people who every year dedicates most of their free time to the service of the club, its members and the local community and obviously to its president Dr. Vella who every year dedicates a lot of his time and money towards the good of the club
thumb
Premises
On 8 December 1988, the clubhouse was destroyed in a storm, together with trophies and club records. The clubhouse was then rebuilt and refurbished several times, by club president, Lino Vella and club vice president, John Farrugia.
On 6 August 2017, the club launched a €10,000,000 investment to revamp the club's premises and facilities, to modernize and add 2 swimming pools (50x25 outdoor and 25x13 indoor), add a state of the art gym,2 fully equipped restaurants as well as club offices and should be completed by May 2020
Sirens ASC Front Office
President: Dr Carmellino Vella
V.President: Mr. John Farrugia
CEO : Mr. Sean Aquilina
Secretary : Mr. Arthur Perici
Treausurer: Mr. Kristian Montfort
Chairman: Donald Mallia
Members : Sven Xerri
Coaching Staff
Head Coach : Marko Orlovic
Asst.Coach : Igor Vukanovic
Technical Officer : Kris Montfort
Team Manager : Dale Dowling
Team Physio: Leandro Dervishi
Youth Coach : Igor Vukanovic
Development Coach : Luke Galea
Head Women's Coach: Dale Dowling
Head Women's Asst. Coach: Marko Orlovic
Women's Team Manager : Juana Cauchi
First Team
Thomas Micallef (GK)
Ganni Galea Curmi (GK)
Matthew Bonello Du Puis (GK)
John Napier (C)
Matthias Azzopardi
Mikhael Cutajar
Ken Erdoğan
Isaiah Riolo
Matthew Sciberras
Jerome Zerafa Gregory
Jacob Scibberas
Gabriel Melillo
Paul Serracino
Gianni Farrugia
Matthew Chircop
Notable Former Foreign Players
Jan Evert-Veer
Tamás Märcz
Francesco Porzio
Zsolt Varga
Predrag Zimonjić
Árpád Babay
Csaba Kiss
Christian Presciutti
Nicolas Constantin Bicari
Sergi Mora
Valentino Gallo
Notable Coaches
John Farrugia
Dirk Dowling
Alessandro Campagna
Marco Baldineti
Paolo De Crescenzo
Marco Risso
Sergio Afrić
Marko Pantovic
Sasko Popovski
Pino Dragojevic
Marko Orlovic
Igor Vukanovic
References
External links
Sport Malta Directory
Official Website
Water polo clubs in Malta
Johanna Karimäki (born 20 March 1973 in Geneva) is a Finnish politician representing the Green League. She was elected to the Finnish Parliament in the parliamentary election of March 2007. She has also been a member of the municipal council of Espoo since 2005.
References
External links
Home page
1973 births
Living people
Politicians from Geneva
Green League politicians
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2007–11)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2011–15)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2015–19)
21st-century Finnish women politicians
The Canadian Maturity Stakes was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in late November at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Inaugurated in 1953, the race was restricted to four-year-old horses bred in Canada. It was contested on turf over a distance of a mile and a quarter (10 furlongs).
At a time when Thoroughbreds regularly ran on both dirt and turf, the Canadian Maturity Stakes attracted the best four-year-olds in Canada. However, by the late 1980s that situation had changed dramatically and by the time of the 1994 running, it attracted a field of only four horses.
The Canadian Maturity Stakes was won for five consecutive years between 1990 and 1994 by Sam-Son Farm and Hall of Fame trainer, Jim Day. Sam-Son Farm and Day also won in 1983.
Records
Speed record:
2:00.20 - Classic Reign (1993)
Most wins by an owner:
6 - Sam-Son Farm (1983, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 - Robin Platts
Most wins by a trainer:
6 - James E. Day (1983, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994)
Winners
1996 - Dagda
1995 - Alywow
1994 - Desert Waves
1993 - Classic Reign
1992 - Dance Smartly
1991 - Sky Classic
1990 - Most Valiant
1989 - Imperial Colony
1988 - Lindjean
1987 - Boulder Run
1986 - Kazbek
1985 - Nagurski
1984 - Piper John
1983 - Twice An Angel
1982 - Frost King
1981 - Bejilla
1980 - Glorious Song
1979 - Overskate
1978 - Sound Reason
1977 - Norcliffe
1976 - Brilliant Sandy
1975 - Rash Move
1974 - Good Port
1973 - Nice Dancer
1972 - Belle Geste
1971 - Mary of Scotland
1970 - Jollysum Dancer
1969 - No Parando
1968 - Battling
1967 - He's A Smoothie
1966 - Good Old Mort
1965 - Langcrest
1964 - Albion Star
1963 - King Gorm
1962 - Majestic Hour
1961 - Hidden Treasure
1960 - Wonder Where
1959 - Foxy Phil
1958 - Nearctic
1957 - Censor
1956 - Ace Marine
1955 - King Maple
1954 - Chain Reaction
1953 - Foxy Pilot
Notes
References
June 23, 1957 New York Times article titled "Censor Is Home First In Canadian Maturity"
July 19, 1993 Toronto Star article titled "Classic Reign zips to victory, breaks Maturity Stakes mark"
Discontinued horse races
Turf races in Canada
Woodbine Racetrack
Jan Kůrka (born 29 May 1943) is a sport shooter and Olympic champion for Czechoslovakia. He won a gold medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
People from Pelhřimov
Czechoslovak male sport shooters
Czech male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Olympic shooters of Czechoslovakia
Olympic gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Recipients of Medal of Merit (Czech Republic)
Sportspeople from the Vysočina Region
Waterville was a ghost town in Wharton County in the U.S. state of Texas. The former settlement was located along Water Hole Creek not far from the site of Preston, another ghost town. During the American Civil War, the town provided soldiers to the Confederate States Army as well as a Home Guard unit. Waterville had a post office intermittently between 1859 and 1880. Local residents attempted to restart postal service in 1883 but it was permanently stopped the following year.
History
The settlement of Waterville sprang up along Water Hole Creek near a place called Will's Water Hole. In January 1859 a post office was set up in the community. Waterville was near Preston in southeast Wharton County. The town was situated along a major trail from Matagorda on the Gulf of Mexico and San Felipe on the Brazos River.
In the Civil War, Waterville raised a company of soldiers for the Confederate Army called the "Rough and Ready Mounted Rifles" under Captain C. F. Whittington. In 1861 there were 27 men enrolled but the number expanded to 39 the following year. In 1862 the town was the headquarters for Colonel Reuben R. Brown's 33rd Texas Cavalry Regiment. Waterville's Home Guard unit numbered 49 men in 1862 but 18 of the men had no firearms. The available weapons were a motley collection of nine rifles, 12 shotguns and five pistols. Postal service was discontinued in 1867, restarted in 1872 and stopped again in 1880. In 1883 a new application was submitted for postal service. Evidently there were too few residents because in August 1884 postal service was stopped and never revived.
Geography
The 1883 postal application located Waterville on a direct line between Wharton and Pledger. The site was from Wharton and from Pledger. Five-ninths of the distance along a straight line drawn on a map between Wharton and Pledger places Waterville very close to Farm to Market Road 1096 and Water Hole Creek. There are turf farms nearby.
References
Ghost towns in South Texas
In theater, a worklight is a high-intensity light fixture which is used to illuminate the stage for the benefit of technicians. Technicians use these lights, rather than the stage lights for a number of reasons. Firstly, it takes much less technical knowledge to turn on worklights, so even people with no knowledge of electrics can turn them on. Secondly, regardless of the lights hung for the specific show, they provide fairly consistent and complete lighting. Finally, and most importantly, they are designed to be cheap and easy to re-lamp, in contrast to theatrical fixtures, which have expensive lamps and would burn through color gels if used to illuminate stage work.
Worklights are not designed to light the stage in an aesthetically pleasing way, but rather to be efficient in terms of space and heat; however, they may occasionally be used to emphasize plot elements during a show. They are generally near-white. Worklights are usually placed on catwalks and battens, or can be permanently built in. If not hardwired into the control system, the connectors are often marked or attached in a way to prevent them from mistakenly being removed during a strike/load out.
Worklights can also be used during performances and rehearsals, to provide dim lighting for technicians backstage.
Types of worklights
Worklights are often built into a theatre as a fluorescent light, as in the photo at the top right. However, some theatres may use, as a supplement to or instead of the fluorescent lights, either the normal stage lights (which produce a lot of heat) or just scoops.
See also
Running lights (theater)
Light fixtures
Stage lighting instruments
The 1959–60 Rugby Football League season was the 65th season of rugby league football played in England. The championship, which involved thirty teams, started in August 1959 and culminated in a finals play-off series in May 1960 which resulted in a championship final between Wigan and Wakefield Trinity.
Season summary
League Champions: Wigan (27–3 v Wakefield Trinity)
Challenge Cup Winners: Wakefield Trinity (38–5 v Hull)
A number of clubs complained to the Rugby Football League over BBC televising rugby league matches live on TV, stating that it was affecting attendances.
St. Helens won the Lancashire League, and Wakefield Trinity won the Yorkshire League. Warrington beat St. Helens 5–4 to win the Lancashire County Cup, and Featherstone Rovers beat Hull F.C. 15–14 to win the Yorkshire County Cup.
Championship
Final Standings
Play-offs
Final
The Championship Final was played between Joe Egan' Wigan outfit against Wakefield Trinity at 3 o'clock on a warm afternoon on Saturday, 21 May 1960 at Odsal Stadium, Bradford. A crowd of 83,190 turned out for the game which was refereed by Eric Clay (Leeds).
Wigan: 27
Tries (5): Billy Boston (2), Eric Ashton (2), Bill Sayer
Goals: Fred Griffiths (6)
Wakefield Trinity: 3
Try: Fred Smith
Challenge Cup
The 1959–60 Challenge Cup tournament ended in a final between Wakefield Trinity and Hull F.C. The match was played at Wembley Stadium before a crowd of 79,773, with Wakefield Trinity winning 38 – 5. Despite being on the losing team, Hull's hooker, Tommy Harris was awarded the Lance Todd Trophy for his man-of-the-match performance.
Neil Fox of Wakefield Trinity scored a Cup Final record 20 points (two tries and seven goals) in the final for Wakefield, a feat that would not be repeated for another 39 years 1999.
Kangaroo Tour
September until December also saw the appearance of the Australian team in England on their 1959–60 Kangaroo Tour. Other than the three test Ashes series against Great Britain (won 2–1 by Australia), the Kangaroos played 21 matches against club and county representative sides.
The Kangaroos were coached by "The Little Master" Clive Churchill and were captained by Welsh born Balmain Tigers fullback Keith Barnes.
As of 2017, this remains the last time that Great Britain or England won The Ashes on home soil.
Sources
1959–60 Northern Rugby Football League season at wigan.rlfans.com
1959 in English rugby league
1960 in English rugby league
Northern Rugby Football League seasons
Brothers in Law is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Richard Attenborough, Ian Carmichael, Terry-Thomas and Jill Adams. The film is one of the Boulting brothers successful series of institutional satires begun with Private's Progress in 1956. It is an adaptation of the 1955 novel Brothers in Law by Henry Cecil, a comedy set in the legal profession.
Plot summary
Roger Thursby has just completed his barrister's examinations and has been called to the bar. He commences his pupillage in the London chambers of Kendall Grimes, but finds he learns more from Henry, his fellow pupil, and Alec, the chambers clerk. Although only supposed to 'shadow' Grimes, he finds himself on his feet before unsympathetic judges almost immediately.
Roger and Henry vie for the affections of Sally, a fellow lodger. She obtains his first brief for him from her father, a solicitor. It is an undefended divorce case, which Roger manages to lose, to the lady's fury.
Roger slowly gains more confidence. He is given a 'dock brief', a case of fraud. Despite the odd behaviour of his client, Alfred Green, Roger gets him off. He also becomes the toast of his home town, when he appears in the local assizes court, and wins a case of slander, with his proud parents and their friends in the gallery.
Sally marries Charles, a stockbroker friend, but Roger and Henry perk up with the arrival of two attractive girls as fellow lodgers.
Main cast
Richard Attenborough as Henry Marshall
Ian Carmichael as Roger Thursby
Terry-Thomas as Alfred Green
Jill Adams as Sally Smith
Miles Malleson as Kendall Grimes
Raymond Huntley as Tatlock
Eric Barker as Alec Blair
Nicholas Parsons as Charles Poole
Kynaston Reeves as Judge Lawson
John Le Mesurier as Judge Ryman
Irene Handl as Mrs. Potter
Olive Sloane as Mrs. Newent
Edith Sharpe as Mrs. Thursby
Leslie Phillips as Shopkeeper
Brian Oulton as Client
George Rose as Mark Frost
Kenneth Griffith as Undertaker
Basil Dignam as Judge Emery
Henry B. Longhurst as Reverend Arthur Thursby
Penny Morrell as Rosalie Biddle
John Schlesinger as Assize Court Solicitor
Critical reception
Bosley Crowther in The New York Times compared the film unfavourably to Private's Progress, commenting that it was "blessed with little spark"; whereas more recently, Tony Sloman in the Radio Times wrote, "Carmichael is surrounded here by a cast of accomplished character actors, including the splendid Terry-Thomas and the redoubtable Richard Attenborough as a smarmy fellow barrister. This is still very funny and relevant today."
References
Bibliography
Harper, Sue & Porter, Vincent. British Cinema of the 1950s: The Decline of Deference. Oxford University Press, 2003.
External links
1957 films
1957 comedy films
1950s satirical films
British comedy films
British satirical films
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Roy Boulting
Films based on British novels
Films scored by Benjamin Frankel
Films shot at British National Studios
1950s British films
Hippodraco is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Cedar Mountain Formation of Utah, United States. The genus contains a single species, H. scutodens, known from a partial skeleton belonging to an immature individual.
Discovery
The holotype of Hippodraco, UMNH VP 20208, was discovered in 2004 by Andrew R. C. Milner. It is a fragmentary specimen including a fragmented skull and dentary teeth, vertebrae (dorsal, caudal and cervical), a right humerus, a right scapula, a left ischium, a right tibia, a right femur, and left metatarsals.
It was later named in 2010 by Andrew T. McDonald, James I. Kirkland, Andrew R. C. Milner, Scott K. Madsen, Donald D. DeBlieux, Jennifer Cavin and Lukas Panzarin. The generic name Hippodraco is a combination of the Greek word hippos ("horse") and the Latin word draco ("dragon"). It refers to the elongated shape of the skull, which resembles a horse skull. The specific name scutodens is a combination of the Latin words scutum (meaning shield) and dens (meaning tooth), and it references the shield-shaped dentary tooth crowns. UMNH VP 20208 was unearthed from the Yellow Cat Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation, Utah, at a site known as Andrew's Site, dating from the Valanginian stage in the Early Cretaceous period.
Description
Hippodraco is a relatively small iguanodontid, with the holotype reaching in length. Holtz estimated its weight between . However, a large orbital in the skull indicates that the specimen is immature. The left side of the skull is well preserved, although the right side is very fragmented. The left dentary is preserved on the skull along with teeth, which, have shield-shaped crowns. The lacrimal bone closely resembles those of Dakotadon and Theiophytalia.
Vertebra indicates a characteristic iguanodont body shape. Most of the body remains are gracile, such as the right humerus and scapula, the right tibia and femur are fragmented, having irregular surfaces. The nearly-complete metatarsus is very similar to those of Camptosaurus and Iguanodon.
Classification
In 2010 and 2011 cladistic analyses of McDonald and colleagues, Hippodraco has been recovered as a basal member of the Styracosterna and its closest relative was Theiophytalia.
Paleoenvironment
The holotype of Hippodraco was unearthed from the Upper Yellow Cat Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation. Contemporaneous fauna from the Upper Yellow Cat include the fellow ornithopod Cedrorestes, sauropods (Cedarosaurus and Moabosaurus), theropods (Martharaptor and Nedcolbertia), the nodosaurid Gastonia, and the giant dromaeosaurid Utahraptor. Other dromaeosaurids with fragmentary remains are also known from the formation: an indeterminate eudromaeosaur (UMNH VP 20209) and an indeterminate velociraptorine (UMNH VP 21752).
References
Iguanodonts
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Fossil taxa described in 2010
Taxa named by James I. Kirkland
Paleontology in Utah
Ornithischian genera
Vania Stambolova () (born 28 November 1983) is a Bulgarian athlete. She competes in the 400 m hurdles and the 400 m event. At the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships she won a silver medal over 400 m. She also won a gold medal at the 2006 European Championships. At present, Stambolova is the highest paid female athlete in Bulgaria.
During the London 2012 Olympics, Stambolova tripped while competing in the 400m hurdles event and failed to finish.
At the 2014 European Championships, she finished in 6th place in the 800 m, setting a personal best in the final.
Stambolova tested positive for testosterone in January 2007, and was subsequently suspended for two years by the IAAF.
Achievements
Personal bests
Outdoor:
200 metres: 22.81 (Sofia 2006)
400 metres: 49.53 (Rieti 2006)
400 metres hurdles: 53.68 (Rabat 2011)
Indoor:
200 metres : 23.51 (Sofia 2006)
400 metres : 50.21 (Moscow 2006)
800 metres : 2:02.03 (Vienna 2012)
See also
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Bulgarian female hurdlers
Bulgarian female sprinters
Doping cases in athletics
Bulgarian sportspeople in doping cases
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Bulgaria
European Athletics Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Varna, Bulgaria
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for Bulgaria
World Athletics Indoor Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
20th-century Bulgarian women
21st-century Bulgarian women
Mexikanemi, also known as the Texas Mexican Mafia, is a Mexican-American prison and street gang established in the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in 1984. It functions separately from the original California Mexican Mafia, and members consider themselves primarily tied to the area of Aztlán, formerly Mexican territories in the southwestern United States. The group engages in a wide range of illegal activities including drug trafficking, loan sharking, and money laundering.
Overview
The structure, rules, and procedures of the Mexikanemi are formalized through their written constitution. As stated therein, "everything will be organized because we are an organization".
Hierarchy
The hierarchy of the group begins with the president and vice president and then proceeds through general, captain, lieutenant, and sergeant. All other members not occupying one of these posts are considered soldiers. All others who are not members are prospects in the process of being adopted into the group as a member.
President through captain functions as a ranking system, wherein the title is attached to the individual and follows the individual in all their doings. However, lieutenant and sergeant are posts, which is to say that they are attached to geographical locations such as cities, ranches, buildings or institutions and remain with that location regardless of where the individual may go. When the individual leaves that location they no longer retain their title unless they then assume the same position at a different location.
The posts of sergeant and lieutenant are semi-democratic/semi-merit positions. These posts are democratic in that they are filled and can be vacated, according to the constitution, by a simple majority vote of the group that is or will be led by that person. These posts are meritocratic in that they may also be vacated by decree made by any person who holds the rank of captain or higher. Any person who vacates a post through a vote of no confidence, or through removal by a person who holds the rank of captain or higher, may never hold any other post.
All members of the group, regardless of post or responsibility, are explicitly placed below the authority of the constitution and are considered fundamentally equal, "Above all else, we are all equal and it is necessary that we all participate to the best of our abilities to be able to advance and make progress through Mexikanemi".
Recruitment
The Mexikanami utilize a distributed recruitment system based on democratic vote and the approval authority of lieutenants. According to their constitution, any member in good standing may recommend someone as a prospect so long as they are ethnically Mexican. The prospect is then introduced to the leadership and membership of their area and begins the 120-day process of becoming a full member. During this process, the person recommending the prospect is responsible for educating and indoctrinating them into the group. They are also responsible for disciplining the prospect should it be necessary.
At 90 days, the lieutenant of the area begins a 30-day investigative process regarding the prospect to determine whether they are "good". At the end of this the group votes on whether the prospect shall be admitted as a full member. Any member who does not vote must provide a reason for abstaining.
Income
Mexikanemi is explicitly committed to gaining its revenue through any means possible. As the constitution states:
A considerable amount of funding comes into the organization through the means or extortion through a method referred to as "The Dime". By the rule of "The Dime", all illicit activity taking place in the group's territory, even by non-members, is taxed at a rate of 10% which is to be given to the group. This rule is strictly enforced, for example, in 1999 Mexikanemi member Manuel Vasquez strangled a local cannabis dealer, Juanita Ybarra, to death with a phone cord for refusing to pay "The Dime." Vasquez would later receive the death penalty for the crime.
Emblems and tattoos
The Mexikanemi use a number of insignia to represent their affiliation. Members are permitted but not required to receive tattoos indicating their membership in the gang. At the most basic level is the word "Mexikanemi" itself or various abbreviations therefor. These include the letter M as a single letter or as a pair (i.e. MM for Mexican Mafia); the letters "eme" (Spanish for M), or the number 13 either in Arabic, Roman, or Aztec numerals (M is the 13th letter of the alphabet). The number 13 may also be represented in any number of graphical depictions combining one of something and three of something. For example, one dot under the left hand and three dots under the right hand.
A number of additional symbols stem from the group's cultural and ethnic heritage. Symbols such as the eagle or the serpent may be allusions to the Mexican flag. Additionally, as the group places emphasis on their pre-Spanish Aztec cultural heritage, a wide range of Aztec art, symbols, and architecture may be employed.
Investigations and prosecutions
2012 indictments
In 2012 numerous law enforcement agencies collaborated in an investigation that resulted in the arrest of 25 alleged members of the group including a local law enforcement officer, Michael Mares of the Onalaska, Texas police. The indictment alleged that Mares conspired with the group to provide them with "hand guns, assault rifles, hand restraints and even internal police information", and that the group as a whole was working to "traffic drugs and carry out other illegal gang business, including selling numerous assault rifles, and detonation cord".
References
Organizations established in 1984
1984 establishments in Texas
Hispanic-American gangs
Prison gangs in the United States
Gangs in Texas
Mexican-American culture in Texas
Two cutters of the United States Coast Guard have been named Walnut
, a tender commissioned 27 June 1939 originally WAGL-252.
, a Juniper-class seagoing buoy tender commissioned in 1999.
United States Coast Guard ship names
The Barre-Montpelier Intercities was a primary moniker of the minor league baseball teams based in Barre, Vermont, in partnership with neighboring Montpelier. After playing as members of independent leagues in 1904 to 1906, the Barre-Montpelier Intercities played as members of two leagues in 1907. The Intercities were in first place in both the 1907 New Hampshire State and Vermont State League standings when the leagues permanently folded during the 1907 season.
Montpelier played in the 1887 Northeastern League, Barre hosted a 1904 Vermont League team, and the 1924 Montpelier team played in the Ontario–Quebec–Vermont League.
History
Beginning in 1887, numerous semi-professional teams played in the Barre-Montpelier area, and Montpelier hosted a team in the Northeastern League. The 1887 league records and standings are unknown as the Montpelier team was managed by Fred Spaulding and William Lord.
In 1904 Barre first had minor league baseball when the city hosted a Barre team in the Independent Vermont League. The records and standings of this league are unknown.
In 1904, Montpelier-Barre began play as members of the Independent Northern New York League along with Burlington, Plattsburgh, Rutland and St. Albans. Montpelier-Barre continued play in the 1905 Northern New York League. League standings and statistics for both seasons are unknown. Arthur Daley managed the team in the 1905 four–team league which included Burlington, Plattsburgh and Rutland.
Montpelier-Barre continued play in joining the 1906 Northern Independent League. Their manager was Tonny Uniac. Other league members were Burlington, Ottawa, Plattsburgh and Rutland. There are no known standings or statistics for the league,
The Barre-Montpelier Intercities were a charter member when the 1907 New Hampshire State League formed as a Class D league. The league members were the Barre-Montpelier Intercities, Burlington Burlingtons, West Manchester (New Hampshire), Laconia/Plattsburgh Brewers, East Manchester (New Hampshire), Franklin, New Hampshire, Nashua, New Hampshire and Concord, New Hampshire teams. The Barre-Montpelier Intercities began league play on May 11, 1907. After four New Hampshire League teams folded early in the season, a meeting was held on June 17, 1907, where the league was restructured. At the meeting, the New Hampshire League was dissolved and the Vermont State League was formed. The Vermont State League was structured as a four–team league, keeping three New Hampshire State League franchises, including Barre-Montpelier and adding an expansion team. Barre-Montpelier and the Vermont State League began play on July 2, 1907.
While playing in the New Hampshire State League, the Barre-Montpelier Intercities had a record of 19–6 and were in 1st place in the standings when the New Hampshire State League folded. The Intercities' manager was A. W. "Punch" Daley.
Continuing play in the newly formed 1907 Vermont State League with Daley as manager, the Barre-Montpelier Intercities were in 1st place with a 12–4 record when the league folded.
Montpelier briefly hosted the 1924 Montpelier Goldfish of the Class B level Ontario–Quebec–Vermont League. The team folded on July 16, 1924, finishing with a 16–37 record under manager Bill McCorry.
Barre, Vermont has not hosted another minor league team.
The ballparks
The Barre-Montpelier teams were noted to have played minor league home games at the Barre Base Ball Grounds between 1904 and 1907. The ballpark was located on Smith Street. It was near Berlin Street & the Jail Branch of the Winooski River in Barre, Vermont. Today, the site contains commercial businesses.
In their brief existence, the 1924 Montpelier Goldfish played at home games Hubbard Park. The park is still in use today and the ballpark was located along 12th Street in Montpelier, Vermont.
Timeline
Year–by–year records
Notable alumni
Jack Coombs (1905)
Joe Evers (1924)
Al Grabowski (1924)
Eddie Grant (baseball) (1905)
Bill McCorry (1924, MGR)
Al Moore (1924)
Shag Shaughnessy (1905)
Tom Stankard (1905)
George Walker (1887)
See also
Montpelier-Barre playersMontpelier Goldfish players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in Vermont
Defunct baseball teams in Vermont
Baseball teams established in 1887
Barre (city), Vermont
Montpelier, Vermont
Baseball teams disestablished in 1907
New Hampshire State League teams
Vermont State League teams
Ontario–Quebec–Vermont League teams
Die is a 2010 Canadian-Italian thriller film written by Domenico Salvaggio and directed by Dominic James and starring Elias Koteas and Emily Hampshire.
Plot
Six strangers wake up in cells in an underground facility. Their captive decides their fate with the roll of a die.
Cast
References
External links
2010 thriller films
2010 films
Canadian thriller films
Italian thriller films
2010 directorial debut films
English-language Italian films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
2010s Italian films
Rosamund Bartlett is a British writer, scholar, lecturer, and translator specializing in Russian literature.
Bartlett graduated from Durham University with a first-class degree in Russian. She went on to complete a doctorate at Oxford.
Rosamund Bartlett is the author of Tolstoy: A Russian Life (2010) and has translated Leo Tolstoy's Anna Karenina (2014). She is also the author of Chekhov: Scenes from a Life (2004) and has translated two volumes of Anton Chekhov's short stories.
As a translator, she published the first unexpurgated edition of Anton Chekhov's letters, and she was awarded the Chekhov 150th Anniversary Medal in 2010 by the Russian government for work her Chekhov Foundation has done in preserving the White Dacha, the writer's house in Yalta.
Selected works
Tolstoy: A Russian Life
Chekhov: Scenes from a Life
Literary Russia: A Guide (co-authored with Anna Benn)
Victory Over the Sun: The World's First Futurist Opera (co-edited with Sarah Dadswell)
Shostakovich in Context (editor)
Wagner and Russia (Cambridge Studies in Russian Literature)
As translator
Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy for Oxford World's Classics
About Love and Other Stories by Anton Chekhov for Oxford World's Classics
A Life in Letters, by Anton Chekhov for Penguin Classics (co-translator: Anthony Phillips)
The Exclamation Mark, by Anton Chekhov for Hesperus Classics
The Talisman and Other Tales by Viktoria Tokareva
References
External links
Living people
American biographers
American women biographers
American translators
Alumni of St Cuthbert's Society, Durham
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Stone Flower (; ) is a monument to the victims of the Ustasha genocide of the Serbs during the World War II in Yugoslavia, located in Jasenovac, Croatia. Designed by Bogdan Bogdanović and unveiled in 1966, it serves as a reminder of the atrocities perpetrated in the Jasenovac concentration camp.
External links
Official Site of the Jasenovac Memorial – includes history and profile of architect
Official Site of the Jasenovac Memorial – Gallery
Spomenik Database - Jasenovac
Buildings and structures completed in 1966
World War II memorials in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Sisak-Moslavina County
Yugoslav World War II monuments and memorials
Tourist attractions in Sisak-Moslavina County
Concrete sculptures
Automatic Switched Transport Network (ASTN) allows traffic paths to be set up through a switched network automatically. The term ASTN replaces the term ASON (Automatically Switched Optical Network) and is often used interchangeably with GMPLS (Generalized MPLS). This is not completely correct as GMPLS is a family of protocols, but ASON/ASTN is an optical/transport network architecture. The requirements of the ASON/ASTN architecture can be satisfied using GMPLS protocols developed by the IETF or by GMPLS protocols that have been modified by the ITU. Furthermore, the GMPLS protocols are applicable to optical and non-optical (e.g., packet and frame) networks, and can be used in transport or client networks. Thus, GMPLS is a wider concept than ASTN.
Traditionally, creating traffic paths through a series of Network Elements has involved configuration of individual cross-connects on each Network Element. ASTN allows the user to specify the start point, end point and bandwidth required, and the ASTN agent on the Network Elements will allocate the path through the network, provisioning the traffic path, setting up cross-connects, and allocating bandwidth from the paths for the user requested service. The actual path that the traffic will take through the network is not specified by the user.
Changes to the network (adding/removing nodes) will be taken into account by the ASTN agents in the network, but do not need to be considered by the user. This gives the user far more flexibility when allocating user bandwidth to provide services demanded by the customer.
GMPLS consist of several protocols, including routing protocols (OSPF-TE or ISIS-TE), link management protocols (LMP), and a reservation/label distribution protocol (RSVP-TE). The reservation/label distribution protocol CR-LDP has now been deprecated by the IETF in RFC 3468 (February 2003) and IETF GMPLS working group decided to focus purely on RSVP-TE.
The GMPLS architecture is defined in RFC 3945.
References
Further reading
GMPLS: Architecture and Applications by Adrian Farrel and Igor Bryskin
External links
From MPLS to GMPLS (pdf)
GMPLS Unified Control Plane (pdf)
Evolution to All-optical Networking (pdf)
OTN - Standards on the ASTN/ASON Control Plane
ITU-T Recommendations on ASTN/ASON Control Plane
Telephony
MPLS networking
Internet Standards
Network protocols
John Earle is a retired American football player. Earle played five seasons in the NFL and two seasons in the CFL for the Baltimore Stallions as an offensive guard and center.
Life after football
In 1997, Earle turned down a contract to go to the Washington Redskins. After playing five years of professional football, Earle began working with youth with "Team Impact" and Sportsworld. As a member of Sportsworld, Earle speaks in high schools all around the country. Earle also serves as an assistant football coach of the West Prairie/LaHarpe Cyclones.
In 2008, moved to Gainesville, Texas, to become a local student minister at the First Baptist Church.
On December 1, 2010, Earle began working as a youth minister in Colleyville, Texas at First Baptist Church Colleyville.
References
External links
Bio at Outreach Speakers
John Earle visits Cibola County
1968 births
Living people
People from Keyport, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
American football offensive tackles
Western Illinois Leathernecks football players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Kansas City Chiefs players
New England Patriots players
Atlanta Falcons players
Baltimore Stallions players
St. Louis Rams players
Bober is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anton Bober (born 1982), former Russian football midfielder
Chris Bober (born 1976), former American football offensive lineman.
Harry Bober (1915–1988), American art historian and professor, specializing in Medieval history.
Phyllis Pray Bober (1920–2002), American art historian and professor, specializing in Renaissance art and culinary history.
Richard Bober
Robert Bober
Ryszard Bober (born 1956), Polish politician.
Stanislas Bober (1930–1975), French professional road bicycle racer.
See also
Johann von Böber, German teacher, entomologist and botanist
Surnames from nicknames
Richard A. Vinroot (born April 14, 1941) is an American politician and attorney from Charlotte, North Carolina. He served as the 52nd Mayor of Charlotte from 1991 to 1995. Vinroot ran unsuccessfully for Governor of North Carolina in 1996, 2000 and 2004. The City of Charlotte's Richard Vinroot International Achievement Award is named in his honor.
Early life
The son of a Swedish immigrant, Richard Vinroot was raised in Mecklenburg County schools becoming student body president at East Mecklenburg High School. Vinroot became a high school athlete in three sports and captained the basketball and football teams. Vinroot won a Morehead Scholarship to attend the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he earned a bachelor's degree and a J.D. degree in 1963 and 1966, respectively. He served as class president in his junior and senior years. Vinroot's height is billed at 6'7", and he played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels under Dean Smith.
Vinroot married his wife Judy (Allen) Vinroot, whom he met while both were students at UNC. They have three children, Richard Vinroot Jr., Laura Vinroot Poole, and Katy Vinroot O'Brien, all of whom graduated from UNC-Chapel Hill.
Military
After law school Vinroot, served in the U.S. Army and became a combat veteran of the Vietnam War. He was awarded a Bronze Star Medal.
Political career
Vinroot was a member of the Charlotte City Council from 1983 to 1991 and served as mayor of Charlotte from 1991 to 1995. As mayor, Vinroot was successful in establishing a Taxpayer Protection Act, limiting growth of the city's budget. He created the state's first "drug court" to speed prosecutions. He established the Mayor's International Cabinet, a predecessor to the Charlotte International Cabinet. A national magazine named him Municipal Leader of the Year. Vinroot decided against running for a third term in order to focus full-time on his first run for North Carolina governor in 1996. Vinroot lost in a close primary to then-state representative Robin Hayes of Kannapolis. Hayes went on to lose the general election to incumbent governor Jim Hunt.
Vinroot ran again for governor in 2000, and secured the Republican nomination over state representative N. Leo Daughtry. He faced North Carolina's attorney general, Mike Easley, in a bitterly contested election. Despite a favorable national Republican tide that won North Carolina for George W. Bush, Democrat Mike Easley won by 52% to 46%, and succeeded fellow Democrat Jim Hunt as governor. In the closing weeks of the race, actor Andy Griffith filmed an ad endorsing Easley, which some observers believe led to Easley's victory, called the "Mayberry Miracle".
In 2004, Vinroot attempted a third run for governor, but never made it past the Republican primary. He conceded the race to Wilmington State Senator Patrick J. Ballantine, who lost to Easley in November, 55.62% to 42.88%.
Since his retirement from politics, Vinroot has served on the boards of Martin-Marietta Materials, Inc. and the North Carolina Institute for Emerging Issues. He also was appointed to the search committee for the next chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2012.
Legal practice
Vinroot's legal practice at the Charlotte-based firm of Robinson, Bradshaw & Hinson concentrates in the areas of civil litigation including construction, labor, employment discrimination, and commercial disputes and controversies.
Richard Vinroot International Achievement Award
The Richard Vinroot International Achievement Award is presented by the City of Charlotte to recognize those who "have worked for the continued internationalization of Charlotte... contributed to efforts to improve the international community... and have a record of outstanding service to the greater Charlotte community." Recipients are chosen by the Mayor of Charlotte and the award is presented annually at the Mayor's International Community Awards event each spring. Recipients have included prominent leaders in government, non-profits, and academia.
Notes
External links
|-
1941 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American people of Swedish descent
Basketball players from North Carolina
Mayors of Charlotte, North Carolina
North Carolina Republicans
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
United States Army personnel
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Candidates in the 2000 United States elections
In natural languages, an indicative conditional is a conditional sentence such as "If Leona is at home, she isn't in Paris", whose grammatical form restricts it to discussing what could be true. Indicatives are typically defined in opposition to counterfactual conditionals, which have extra grammatical marking which allows them to discuss eventualities which are no longer possible.
Indicatives are a major topic of research in philosophy of language, philosophical logic, and linguistics. Open questions include which logical operation indicatives denote, how such denotations could be composed from their grammatical form, and the implications of those denotations for areas including metaphysics, psychology of reasoning, and philosophy of mathematics.
Formal analyses
Early analyses identified indicative conditionals with the logical operation known as the material conditional. According to the material conditional analysis, an indicative "If A then B" is true unless A is true and B is not. Although this analysis covers many observed cases, it misses some crucial properties of actual conditional speech and reasoning.
One problem for the material conditional analysis is that it allows indicatives to be true even when their antecedent and consequent are unrelated. For instance, the indicative "If Paris is in France then trout are fish" is intuitively strange since the location of Paris has nothing to do with the classification of trout. However, since its antecedent and the consequent are both true, the material conditional analysis treats it as a true statement. Similarly, the material conditional analysis treats conditionals with false antecedents as vacuously true. For instance, since Paris is not in Australia, the conditional "If Paris is in Australia, then trout are fish" would be treated as true on a material conditional analysis. These arguments have been taken to show that no truth-functional operator will suffice as a semantics for indicative conditionals. In the mid-20th century, work by H.P. Grice, Frank Cameron Jackson, and others attempted to maintain the material conditional conditional as an analysis of indicatives' literal semantic denotation, while appealing to pragmatics in order to explain the apparent discrepancies.
Contemporary work in philosophical logic and formal semantics generally proposes alternative denotations for indicative conditionals. Proposed alternatives include analyses based on relevance logic, modal logic, probability theory, Kratzerian modal semantics, and dynamic semantics.
Psychology
Most behavioral experiments on conditionals in the psychology of reasoning have been carried out with indicative conditionals, causal conditionals, and counterfactual conditionals. People readily make the modus ponens inference, that is, given if A then B, and given A, they conclude B, but only about half of participants in experiments make the modus tollens inference, that is, given if A then B, and given not-B, only about half of participants conclude not-A, the remainder say that nothing follows (Evans et al., 1993). When participants are given counterfactual conditionals, they make both the modus ponens and the modus tollens inferences (Byrne, 2005).
See also
Counterfactual conditional
Logical consequence
Material conditional
Strict conditional
References
Further reading
Byrne, R.M.J. (2005). The Rational Imagination: How People Create Counterfactual Alternatives to Reality. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Edgington, Dorothy. (2006). "Conditionals". The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Edward Zalta (ed.). http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/conditionals/.
Evans, J. St. B. T., Newstead, S. and Byrne, R. M. J. (1993). Human Reasoning: The Psychology of Deduction. Hove, Psychology Press.
Conditionals in linguistics
Logical connectives
Reasoning
Horacio Zeballos was the defending champion, but he did not participate this year.
Íñigo Cervantes won the title defeating Nils Langer in the final, 2–6, 7–6(7–3), 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
References
Marburg Open - Singles
2015 Singles
Godeok-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
History
Godeok means "high virtue" in Korean. During the Late 14th century, Yangjung Lee, a public officer of the Goryeo Dynasty, strongly rejected a conciliatory offer to turn into Joseon Dynasty, a new regime after the Goryeo Dynasty. Due to his high loyalty to his government, he was admired by the general public and they called his residential area "Godeok". In 1995, Seoul Subway Line 5 was passed through this area stopping at Godeok Station and Myeongil Station.
Area information
The postal code of Godeok-dong is 134-080. 134 is for Gangdong-gu and 080 is for Godeok-dong.
See also
Administrative divisions of Seoul
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map at the Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map
The Godeok 1 dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Gangdong District
Simon Hinton (born 21 March 1968) is a New Zealand former cricketer. He played one first-class match for Otago in 1994/95.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Clyde, New Zealand
Chris Gelbmann (born 27 April 1972) is an Austrian singer-songwriter. In the last years he worked behind the scenes of the music industry, where he realised numerous major projects like André Heller's 3 CD compendium "Ruf und Echo", the two triple platinum CDs of Christina Stürmer, the major label debut of Hans Platzgumer; he worked with Brian Eno, Stefan Sagmeister, Xavier Naidoo and many more.
„The Pink Beast Of Love" is his debut album, which has been released on 7 October 2005 on Buntspecht/Hoanzl in Austria.
Discography
Album: The Pink Beast of Love (7.10.05) Buntspecht
Single: Love Is Easy (1995) Bourbon Records
References
External links
www.chrisgelbmann.com – Official website
www.buntspecht.at – Label site
www.myspace.com/chrisgelbmann
1972 births
Living people
Austrian singer-songwriters
21st-century Austrian singers
Andrew Pringle or Andy Pringle may refer to:
Andrew Pringle, Lord Alemore (died 1776), Scottish judge, Solicitor General for Scotland 1755–59, Lord of Session 1759–92
Andrew Pringle (British Army officer) (Andrew Robert Douglas Pringle, born 1946), retired British Army officer, president of KBR's International Government and Defence business
Andy Pringle (born ), retired Canadian bond trader and Conservative political activist in Ontario
Andrew Pringle Jr. (born 1927), US Air Force general
Andrew Pringle (cricketer) (born 1978), South African cricketer
See also
Andrew Seth Pringle-Pattison (1856–1931), Scottish philosopher
Pringle (surname)
Bukovje (; ) is a village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name
The name Bukovje and other names like it (e.g., Bukovica, Bukovec) are derived from the Slovene adjective bukov, from the common noun bukev 'beech'. They refer to the local vegetation. The settlement was known as Bukuje in German in the past.
History
During the Second World War, the Partisans had facilities for preparing and storing food in Bukovje. A Partisan lookout station was located on Čelo Hill near the settlement, and a relay station was located in the nearby Žnidar Shaft (). In October 1943, German forces burned several houses and outbuildings in the settlement. On 20 October 1944, German and Chetnik forces attacked the Partisan Vladimir Gortan Brigade in Bukovje, with the loss of 25 Partisan soldiers and about 100 Axis soldiers.
Mass grave
Bukovje is the site of a mass grave from late in the Second World War. The Martinove Hrastnice Shaft Mass Grave () is located on a hilly slope northwest of the settlement. It contains the remains of at least seven victims, probably German soldiers, killed in January or February 1945.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Bukovje include:
Jože Lipovec (1910–?), mountaineer
References
External links
Bukovje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
The laced woodpecker (Picus vittatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found throughout Southeast Asia in the countries of Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. A sole specimen recorded for Bangladesh has since been reidentified as a streak-breasted woodpecker.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
laced woodpecker
Birds of Southeast Asia
laced woodpecker
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aboutaleb Talebi Gorgori (, April 10, 1945 – July 21, 2008) was an Iranian bantamweight freestyle wrestler. He won bronze medals at the 1966, 1967 and 1969 world championships and 1968 Summer Olympics.
Talebi lost his father to a sudden disease at the age of 11, and started working at a carpet shop next year to help his family. He married in 1968 and had four children.
References
1945 births
2008 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Iran
Olympic bronze medalists for Iran
People from Marand
Wrestlers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Iranian male sport wrestlers
Olympic medalists in wrestling
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1970 Asian Games
20th-century Iranian people
21st-century Iranian people
Mathias Boe (born 11 July 1980) is a badminton player from Denmark. He was the gold medalist at the 2015 European Games, two time European champions winning in 2012 and 2017, and the silver medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He joined the Denmark winning team at the 2016 Thomas Cup in Kunshan, China.
Career
He won the silver medal at the 2006 European Championships in men's doubles with Carsten Mogensen.
In 2010, Mogensen and Boe won the titles at the Denmark and French Opens and also the Superseries Final held in Taipei. One year later Mogensen and Boe won the England Open.
With Mogensen, he won the silver medal in the men's doubles at the 2012 Olympics. He took the silver medal with Mogensen in the 2013 World Championships while losing to Muhammad Ahsan and Hendra Setiawan in the final.
Boe announced in February 2020, that the Thomas Cup or Olympic Games would be his last tournament, but in April 2020, he decided to retire as professional badminton player at the age of 39. He revealed that, mentally, he is lately simply too exhausted both in training and competition.
He is currently the men's doubles coach for the India national badminton team.
Achievements
Olympic Games
Men's doubles
World Championships
Men's doubles
European Games
Men's doubles
European Championships
Men's doubles
European Junior Championships
Boys' doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF World Tour
The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Men's doubles
BWF Superseries
The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries has two levels: Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries features twelve tournaments around the world, which introduced since 2011, with successful players invited to the Superseries Finals held at the year end.
Men's doubles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels, Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007. The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF & IBF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series/European Circuit
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series / European Circuit tournament
References
External links
(together with Mogensen)
Mathias Boe at Badminton.dk
1980 births
Living people
People from Frederikssund Municipality
Danish male badminton players
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
European Games gold medalists for Denmark
European Games medalists in badminton
World No. 1 badminton players
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
Piotr Śmietański (27 June 1899 – 23 February 1950) was a Polish non-commissioned officer and communist functionary in the Ministry of Public Security and executioner at Mokotów Prison.
Śmietański was stationed at the Mokotów Prison in the Warsaw borough of Mokotów () known also as Rakowiecka Prison located at 37 Rakowiecka Street. From World War II until the collapse of the Eastern Bloc in 1989, Mokotów Prison—where Śmietański conducted his deeds—was a place of detention, torture and execution of the Polish anti-communist opposition.
Biography
Śmietański was born in Zawady to an ethnic Polish working-class family.
Śmietański joined the Communist Party of Poland in 1923, using the pseudonym Mojżesz (Moses).
Śmietański — nicknamed by the inmates as the "Butcher of the Mokotow Prison" — executed personally and supervised the executions of hundreds of opponents of the Stalinist regime in the Polish People's Republic. Among them were prominent politicians, social activists and Polish underground fighters, including Lieutenants Jerzy Miatkowski, Tadeusz Pelak, Edmund Tudruj, Arkadiusz Wasilewski, Roman Gronski, Lukasik, Commandant Hieronim Dekutowski (killed by Śmietański in one day, on 7 March 1949). and Adam Doboszyński . Those executed after Śmietański's apparent death in 1950 include Major Zygmunt Szendzielarz, Lieutenants Henryk Borowski, Antoni Olechnowicz, Lucjan Minkiewicz (8 February 1951), Captain Stanisław Sojczyński, Lieutenant Antoni Wodyński from AK, and countless others, including victims of the notorious 1 March, 1951 Mokotów Prison execution, who were given five consecutive death sentences each. Brigadier General Emil August Fieldorf was hanged rather than shot as a
The head of the Mokotów Prison, Alojzy Grabicki, was sometimes present at the executions. The victims' dead bodies—often undressed and placed in empty cement bags—were wheeled out at night and buried in unmarked graves, leveled out afterwards in the vicinity of different Warsaw cemeteries: in Służew (till mid 1948), the Mokotów and the Powązki cemeteries, or in open fields, in around Pole Mokotowskie, Kabacki forest and Okęcie.
On 25 May 1948, Śmietański personally executed Witold Pilecki, the founder of the Secret Polish Army and prominent member of the Armia Krajowa, famous for his daring mission to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Śmietański is believed to have been paid 1,000 Polish złoty for each execution he carried out, a substantial amount of money under Stalinism.
According to historians Szymon Hermański and Tomasz Wróblewski, some pieces in Nasz Dziennik and Najwyższy Czas! falsely claimed he had emigrated to Israel in 1968, that he was born in the 1920s, was purposefully not listed in the population registry, and was possibly still alive in Israel. However he died from tuberculosis in the Korczak sanatorium on 23 February 1950 and was buried in Bródno Cemetery 4 days later.
Historian Jacek Pawłowicz from IPN in his 2008 book about Pilecki claimed that Śmietański died of tuberculosis at the age of 50 in the year of his last known Mokotów executions.
Notes and references
Further reading
Ministry of Public Security (Poland) officials
1899 births
1950 deaths
Polish executioners
Polish communists
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
People from Warsaw West County
Tuberculosis deaths in Poland
Hohman Avenue Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 15 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hammond. It developed between about 1904 and 1956, and includes notable example of Romanesque Revival, Classical Revival, and Colonial Revival style architecture. Notable buildings include Knott's Apartments (1904), Emmerling Ambulance Garage (1918), Emmerling Building (1918), St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church Complex (Church, 1912–1914; Rectory, c. 1915; Hall, 1956), LaSalle Hotel (aka Hotel Mee, 1908), OK Building (1913), and the Hammond National Bank (aka Ruff Building, 1911).
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Neoclassical architecture in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Romanesque Revival architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Frank Steunenberg (August 8, 1861December 30, 1905) was the fourth governor of the State of Idaho, serving from 1897 until 1901. He was assassinated in 1905 by one-time union member Harry Orchard, who was also a paid informant for the Cripple Creek Mine Owners' Association. Orchard attempted to implicate leaders of the radical Western Federation of Miners in the assassination. The labor leaders were found not guilty in two trials, but Orchard spent the rest of his life in prison.
Early career
Born in Keokuk, Iowa, and raised in Knoxville, Steunenberg was the fourth of ten children of Bernardus and Cornelia (Keppel) Steunenberg, with five brothers and four sisters. He attended Iowa State College at Ames and then went on to become a printer's apprentice and publisher. In 1881 he was hired by the Des Moines Register in Des Moines. Steunenberg later published a newspaper in Knoxville until 1886, when he moved west and settled in Caldwell, Idaho Territory, where he joined his younger brother Albert K. Steunenberg (1863–1907) in taking over the Caldwell Tribune for six years.
Steunenberg became active in politics as a member of the 1889 Idaho Constitutional Convention which led to Idaho's admission to the Union in 1890. In 1890, he was elected to the Idaho House of Representatives as a fusion candidate, endorsed by both the Democratic and Populist Parties, and he served one term. In addition, he served for several years as chairman of the Caldwell town council.
Governor
With labor union support, in 1896 Steunenberg was nominated as both the Democratic and Populist candidate for governor. He won the November election at age 35 and became the first non-Republican elected to that office and was re-elected to a second two-year term in 1898. (Four-year terms began with 1946 election.) Steunenberg served during a period of considerable labor unrest, particularly in the mining industry in northern Idaho. As a result, many corporations, fearing that Steunenberg's government would not support them if there was a strike, increased their wages for workers.
The Bunker Hill Mining Company, however, hired only non-union labor, and kept wages lower than unionized mines in the area. In April 1899, members of the Western Federation of Miners destroyed the company's mill at Wardner in the Silver Valley. In response, Steunenberg declared martial law and because the national guard was deployed to the Philippines due to the Spanish–American War of the preceding year, Steunenberg asked President William McKinley to send federal troops to quell the unrest. This action was seen as a betrayal by Steunenberg's union supporters. Martial law remained in place through the end of his term, and Steunenberg did not seek a third term in 1900.
Assassination
Nearly five years after he left office, Steunenberg was killed outside his house in Caldwell at 1602 Dearborn Street () by a bomb rigged to the side Harry Orchard, a former miner from the Western Federation of Miners (WFM), was arrested in Caldwell shortly after for the assassination, and the investigation was conducted by Pinkerton agent James McParland. Orchard at first claimed innocence, but after solitary confinement and intense interrogation by McParland, Orchard signed a 64-page type-written confession detailing years of being a paid assassin and dynamiter for the WFM. Orchard claimed he was hired to kill Steunenberg by leadership of the WFM, and he had been in previous jobs that resulted in at least 17 other deaths. Orchard said his orders for the killing of Steunenberg came from "Big Bill" Haywood, general secretary of the WFM, Charles Moyer, president of the WFM, and George Pettibone, a labor activist who had a prior conviction related to an 1892 labor dispute in Coeur d'Alene. At McParland's urging, the three were arrested in Denver in February 1908, and hurriedly extradited to Idaho for trial.
The nationally publicized trial took place in Boise over several months in mid-1907 and included new U.S. Senator William Borah for the prosecution and Clarence Darrow for the defense. On the witness stand, Orchard repeated his written confession, admitting to years of setting bombs for the WFM. He was then cross-examined by defense lawyers for 26 hours, spread out over a week's time. In addition to Orchard, the prosecution presented 80 more witnesses to corroborate Orchard's description of numerous attacks. Darrow and the defense team called over 100 witnesses of their own. Closing arguments lasted two weeks, the most talked about of which was by Darrow. Modern commentators have praised Darrow's closing argument, which used powerful emotional rhetoric focused on the moral superiority of the unions' position. However contemporary reaction was universally negative. The Chicago Tribune called it "the most unseemly, abusive, inflammatory speech ever delivered in an American courtroom." Despite most observers' opinions that the verdict would be guilty, the jury returned an acquittal for Haywood in late July. Pettibone was defended in a separate trial by Judge Orrin N. Hilton of Denver, Colorado and was also acquitted, and charges were dropped against Moyer.
Orchard pled guilty and received a death sentence in a separate trial, but the sentence was commuted to life in prison. In 1952, at 86 years of age and 45 years after the Haywood trial, Orchard wrote in his autobiography that all of his confession and his trial testimony were true.
Legacy
At the request of the Steunenberg family, attorney Borah gave a brief oration at the funeral in Caldwell on January 2, 1906.
A monument to Steunenberg was dedicated in December 1927 in Boise; the outdoor bronze statue faces the front steps of the Idaho State Capitol from across Jefferson Street. Its inscription is as follows:
Frank Steunenberg
Governor of Idaho
1897 – 1900
When in 1899 organized lawlessness challenged the power of Idaho, he upheld the dignity of the state, enforced its authority and restored LAW AND ORDER within its boundaries, for which he was assassinated in 1905."Rugged in body, resolute in mind, massive in the strength of his convictions, he was of the granite hewn." In grateful memory of his courageous devotion to public duty, the people of Idaho have erected this monument.
The quote is from Borah's oration at the funeral in 1906.
See also
Harry Orchard, convicted assassin
James McParland, Pinkerton Detective responsible for investigation
Steve Adams, accused accomplice
Bill Haywood, union leader accused, and acquitted, of conspiracy
Frank R. Gooding, Idaho Governor during assassination and trials
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho labor confrontation of 1899, alleged reason for the assassination
List of assassinated American politicians
References
Further reading
The Trial of Bill Haywood - a detailed account of the murder trial
An extensive discussion of the class warfare occurring at the turn of the 20th century.
External links
Steunenberg descendant's blog with historical analysis, speculation, and related family information
Smithsonian Institution Art Inventories Catalog – Frank Steunenberg, Governor of Idaho 1897-1900, (sculpture)
Photo of Steunenberg statue
Murder of Frank Steunenberg
Biography
Frank Steunenberg at National Governors Association
|-
1861 births
1905 deaths
1905 murders in the United States
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Assassinated American politicians
Deaths by improvised explosive device in the United States
Democratic Party governors of Idaho
Governors of Idaho
Idaho Democrats
Idaho Populists
Iowa State University alumni
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Caldwell, Idaho
People from Keokuk, Iowa
People from Knoxville, Iowa
People murdered in Idaho
People's Party state governors of the United States
Darkestrah is a Kyrgyz pagan metal band, formed in 1999 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. Throughout their career the band has blended folklore music with metal elements. In its lyrics and in musical composition, the band uses national folk musical instruments, such as the komuz and kyl-kyak, and references shamanism and Tengrism. The band also takes influence from genres such as progressive rock and post-rock, generally constructing lengthy, rhythmically complex songs that often feature several discrete movements.
The word "Darkestrah" is a portmanteau of two words: "dark" and "orchestra"; however, in one interview, the band's drummer Asbath stated that there is still mystic and hidden meaning in the name of the band.
Since its formation in 1999, the band has released six studio albums, three EPs, one split, and one live album.
Biography
Darkestrah, the Kyrgyz Pagan metal group, was established in Bishkek, and their first demo, The Black Pagan Act was recorded in December 1999. In 2000 December, their second demo, Through the Ashes of Shamanic Flames was released by the German label Curse of KvN Sadistic. In 2003 February, the band recorded their first full-length album, Sary Oy, which appeared on the same label in January 2004. In this album, traditional folk songs with traditional Kyrgyz instruments were combined with metal. It is a concept album about a Kyrgyz legend.
In March 2004, the EP The Way to Paganism was recorded; the German label No Colours Records released on 14 April 2005, along with the full-length album Embrace of Memory on 25 October. In 2007 they recorded a new album, Epos, with a new studio called Kick the Flame Studio. Epos is almost fully dedicated to Issyk-kul Lake. It is filled with Pagan motives, and it consists of a single track that runs for more than thirty-three minutes.
In 2007, Darkestrah cut its ties with No Colours and it signed a contract with American Paragon Records. In 2008 March, they released their new album, The Great Silk Road. This earned them the attention of the French label Osmose Productions, on which they released the EP Khagan in 2011 and their fifth full-length album, Manas (based on the Kyrgyz Epic of Manas), in 2013.
The band's releases up to this point were fairly unique in the largely male-dominated world of black metal for featuring female vocalist Kriegtalith, who utilised occasional clean vocals and an unconventional style reminiscent of Tuvan throat singing alongside the traditional shrieks of black metal. She left the band in 2014, however.
An "official live bootleg", Everything Becomes Fire, was self-released in 2015; it was recorded in Germany in 2006. A split with the Saudi band Al-Namrood (Darkestrah's side being a re-recording of the track "Akyr Zaman", previous versions of which had appeared on Embrace of Memory and the multi-artist compilation Stimme aus der Tiefe #1), on the Canadian label Shaythan Productions, and Darkestrah's sixth full-length album Turan, again on Osmose, were both released in 2016. Shaythan Productions has also released vinyl editions of some of Darkestrah's back catalogue (thus far, Epos and The Great Silk Road).
Members
Current
Resurgermus – keyboards, guitars
Asbath – drums, percussion, folk instrument
Cerritus – bass guitar
Past members
Kriegtalith – vocals
Oldhan – guitar, vocals, bass
Tartar – guitar
Anastasia – keyboard
Sharthar – keyboards, cello
Shagan – guitars
Anti – guitars, bass
Sythe – guitar
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Sary Oy (12 January 2004)
Embrace of Memory (25 October 2005)
Epos (23 January 2007)
The Great Silk Road (31 August 2008)
Manas (17 May 2013)
Turan (27 April 2016)
Live albums
Everything Becomes Fire (16 December 2015)
EPs
The Way to Paganism (14 April 2005)
Khagan (24 September 2011)
Chong Aryk (2 December 2021)
Split albums
Akyr Zaman/Tajer al Punqia (split with Al-Namrood, 25 March 2016)
Demos
Pagan Black Act (December 2003)
Through the Ashes of the Shamanic Flames (5 November 2000)
See also
Tengrism
Kyrgyz music
Pagan metal
References
External links
Darkestrah at Facebook
Darkestrah Official Bandcamp profile
Encyclopaedia Metallum
Asian shamanism
Kyrgyzstani musical groups
Musical groups established in 1998
Modern Pagan musical groups
Black metal musical groups
Cairo Comix Con (also known as Cairo Comix Festival) is an annual comic book convention held in Cairo, Egypt which was established in 2015. A number of prizes are awarded at the festival, including Best Published Graphic Novel in Arabic, Best Digital Comic, Best Comics Magazine, and Best Comic Strip.
References
Comics conventions
Recurring events established in 2015
Culture in Cairo
Fan conventions
2015 establishments in Egypt
Camalaú is a municipality in the state of Paraíba (Brazil) in the mesoregion of Borborema and the West Cariri microregion. In 2020, it had an estimated population of 6,031. It has an area of 603 km².
History
The village was founded on June 21, 1895, when Domingos Ferreira Brito and his wife Rosa Maria da Conceição officially donated more than sixteen hectares of land to the Catholic Church in order to found the Hermitage of San Jose. They did so on the instigation of Jose Cardoso da Silva, who is now considered the founder of the city. On March 19, 1962, Camalaú officially became a city.
The name is of indigenous origin. It may have been the name of the leader of a group of indigenous inhabitants who lived in the vicinity of where the city is now located. Alternatively, it may simply have been the name of the area where they resided.
Another theory holds that the name is a corruption of a Tupi phrase.
Location
Located in West Cariri, Camalaú borders on the state of Pernambuco. Nearby cities are: São João do Tigre (22 km), São Sebastião do Umbuzeiro (37 km), Monteiro (35 km), Sumé (26 km), and Congo (20 km). The distance to the capital is 331.7 km
Camalaú's temperature averages around 25 °C.
Rivers
The municipality of Camalaú is on the Sierra and Paraíba rivers. There is a weir and a dam. Some other important streams include Raposa, Ipueira, Aguazinha, Craibeira, Lamarão, and Pinheiro.
Notes
Municipalities in Paraíba
Bill Hoffman (born 1971), also widely referred to as The Joker, of Columbus, Ohio, United States, is a Ten-pin bowler.
Hoffman, 29, finished 17th in his Bowling World Cup debut in Lisbon, Portugal, in 2000 . Hoffman qualified for his second Bowling World Cup in 2003 in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, where he rolled the only 300 in the tournament on his way to earning the top seed for the knockout elimination rounds. He eventually was eliminated in the semifinals . Hoffman won the 2007 Bowling World Cup on his third try. Held in St. Petersburg, Russia, Hoffman never was out of the top 5 throughout qualifying, eventually qualifying as the second seed for the stepladder finals. He went on to defeat Andres Gomez (2-0) and Jason Belmonte (2-1) to win the title. With his victory, he ended a 12-year winless streak of U.S. men in the Bowling World Cup . He is a graduate of Ohio State University, where he majored in international relations and political science. He has rolled several 300 games and has a personal-best mark of 857 for three games. Hoffman is averaging 225 in league and tournament play.
Bill Hoffman is a five time World-Champion, and has been inducted into the International Bowling Hall of Fame.
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Columbus, Ohio
American ten-pin bowling players
Ohio State University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Pan American Games medalists in bowling
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Bowlers at the 2003 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Justice Hamilton may refer to:
Andrew Jackson Hamilton, associate justice of the Texas Supreme Court
John Hamilton (judge), judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, 1997–2009
Orris L. Hamilton, associate justice of the Washington Supreme Court
Robert W. Hamilton (judge), associate justice of the Texas Supreme Court
William Brian Hamilton, former chief justice of Ireland, former justice of the Supreme Court of Ireland, and former President of the High Court
Wilson H. Hamilton, associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court
The Quads were a new wave band from Birmingham, England, active in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Their 1979 single "There Must Be Thousands" was a favourite of the BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel, who selected it as his "single of the decade!"
Despite receiving considerable airplay on the main BBC Radio 1 daytime programmes, "There Must Be Thousands" only reached No. 66 in the UK singles chart, but in 2001 John Peel still listed it as one of his all-time favourite records.
Then, in 2013, to coincide with its use on a promotional video by natural skincare company JooMo, the track was re-released by Big Bear Records .
Discography
Singles
"There Must Be Thousands" / "You've Gotta Jive", 1979, UK No. 66
"There's Never Been A Night" / "Take It", 1979
"UFO" / "Astronaut's Journey", 1980
"Gotta Get A Job" / "Gang Of Kids", 1981
"Still Moment (In Time)" / "Time To Think", 1982
Compilations
Bouncing In The Red, 1980 EMI album, includes:
"There Must Be Thousands"
Brum Beat - Live At The Barrel Organ, 1980 Big Bear Records double album, includes:
"When Everything's Said And Done"
"Wonders Never Cease"
Shake Some Action Volume 1, 2001 bootleg CD album, includes:
"There Must Be Thousands" (re-mastered from vinyl)
Peel session
On 29 August 1979, The Quads recorded a Peel session incorporating;
"Revision Time Blues"
"I Know You Know"
"There's Never Been A Night"
"There Must Be Thousands"
Members
Josh Jones – vocals, guitar
Jack Jones – guitar
Johnny Jones – drums
Jim Doherty – bass guitar
Music excerpts
Listen on YouTube There must be thousands - Bouncing in the red, 1980 EMI
Listen on YouTube Feel the need for more - Unreleased material, 1988
References
External links
The punkmodpop archives
The Quads Official Website
English new wave musical groups
Joaquin Emiliano Dorfman (born February 1979, in Amsterdam) is an American writer, performance artist, and boylesque performer (under the stage name Lucky Strike) based in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is of Argentinian, Chilean, and Jewish descent. He has written under the names Joaquin Dorfman and Joaquin Emiliano. He is the son of novelist, playwright, and human rights activist, Ariel Dorfman, and Angélica Malinarich. His older brother, Rodrigo, is a multimedia award-winning filmmaker and producer.
Dorfman also wrote, directed and starred in Dorm House 5, a dark comedy about the end of the world which was performed at the Edinburgh Festival.
Dorfman was born in Amsterdam, was raised in Durham, North Carolina, and currently resides in New Orleans, Louisiana with his wife, burlesque performer, Cece Dynamite (married January 19, 2019).
Publications
Published by Penguin Random House under the name Joaquin Dorfman:
The Burning City (2003) (written with his father, Ariel Dorfman)
Playing It Cool (2006)
The Long Wait for Tomorrow (2009)
Published independently under the name Joaquin Emiliano:
Angry Jonny (2013)
Suicide Notes from a Wedding (2014)
Stories from a Bar with No Doorknobs (2016)
Almost Lucky (2017)
75 Secrets (2018)
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
21st-century American novelists
Entertainers from Louisiana
Writers from Durham, North Carolina
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
American male stage actors
American male novelists
American male dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from North Carolina
Wojdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani (or "Shaherkani"; ; born 1 February 1996) is a Saudi judo competitor who was one of two women selected to represent the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was the first woman to represent Saudi Arabia at the Olympics.
Career
Shaherkani took up judo because of her father, a judo referee. Her first international competition was the 2012 London Olympics.
2012 Summer Olympics
Shahrkhani was one of two Saudi Arabian women selected to compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom. She competed in judo in the above 78 kg event. The other Saudi woman selected was Pepperdine University-based runner Sarah Attar.
Shahrkhani was invited to compete by specific invitation of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) as she was not eligible based on international and regional ranking criteria. The top 14 women in each weight class based on international rankings automatically qualified, while 8 women across all classes from Asia qualified based on the continental rankings, with 20 total additional spots available through special invitation of the IOC, ANOC and the IJF. Other judoka in the competition had attained black belts in the sport; Shaherkani only had a blue belt (二級 nikyū), two levels below a black belt.
There was opposition within Saudi Arabia to the concept of women representing the country at the Olympics. Ultimately the Saudi government gave in to international pressure from sport and women's rights activists to include women or face possible sanctions. The IOC president Jacques Rogge said of Shahrkhani's and Attar's inclusion, "The I.O.C. has been working very closely with the Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee and I am pleased to see that our continued dialogue has come to fruition."
The Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee chose not to promote Shahrkhani's participation. They also required that she "dress modestly, be accompanied by a male guardian and not mix with men" while in London for the 2012 Games. Additionally, her competition clothing had to comply with Sharia law. On 30 July 2012, Shahrkhani said that she would withdraw from the event if she was not permitted to wear her hijab during bouts. Her father (who often speaks for her, partially because she does not know English) clarified that he wanted his daughter to compete, and that they wanted to make "new history for Saudi's women", but that she would not participate without a hijab. The next day the IOC and the International Judo Federation announced that agreement had been reached on a hijab that she could wear. The design agreed upon was a tight-fitting, cap-style covering, rather than the more common headscarf which drapes around the neck and under the chin.
Her first match was in the Round of 32, which was an elimination round, on 3 August, the seventh day of competition at the Olympics. Wearing white, she lost to Puerto Rican Melissa Mojica in 82 seconds, lasting longer than the shortest match in her weight class, which lasted 48 seconds where Mika Sugimoto of Japan beat Maria Suelen Altheman of Brazil. The match was refereed by Wilian Rosquet, and judged by Young Chun Jeon and Cathy Mouette. There were no penalties awarded in the match. After the match, she said to the press (in Arabic): "I am happy to be at the Olympics. Unfortunately, we did not win a medal, but in the future we will and I will be a star for women's participation." She also stated that, because she was not accustomed to fighting in such large tournaments and because of the debate over the hijab, it had been difficult for her to focus on the competition. Despite this, she clarified that she was happy to have participated and planned to continue to practise judo in the future. Although her fight was not televised live on any local Saudi television channels, it was available within the Kingdom on several satellite networks broadcasting from other parts of the Arab world.
References
Judoka at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Living people
Saudi Arabian female judoka
Olympic judoka of Saudi Arabia
1996 births
Sportspeople from Mecca
This page is a singles discography for the musician Mike Oldfield.
Singles
Extended plays
Other singles
Notes
References
External links
Mike Oldfield Discography at Tubular.net
Mike Oldfield Discography at Amadian.net
Argiers – Mike Oldfield's collector corner, includes Rainer-Muenz's lists
Singles Discography
Oldfield, Mike (singles)
Discographies of British artists
Regent Reef () is an area of submerged and drying rocks forming the northeast limit of the Dion Islands, off the south end of Adelaide Island. Charted by the Royal Navy Hydrographic Survey Unit in 1963. The name given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) extends those in the neighboring islands associated with an emperor's court.
Reefs of Adelaide Island
A thermal loop is a movement of air driven by warm air rising at one end of the loop, and cool air descending at the other end, creating a constantly moving loop of air. Thermal loops also occur in liquids.
Thermal loops are size-independent; that is to say, they may occur in a space as small as a room or as large as a global hemisphere. The Hadley cell is an example of a global-scale thermal loop.
Fluid dynamics
Georges Auguste (born 1933 in Petit-Goâve) is a Haitian painter. Auguste paints scenes of rural Haitian life in vibrant color. His style is known as "Raw Art".
References
1933 births
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
People from Ouest (department)
20th-century Haitian male artists
Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Dell in 1978 and was edited by James R. Frenkel. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Fantasy and Science Fiction, Satellite and If.
Contents
Introduction - The Quiet Giant, by Spider Robinson
Foreword, by James R. Frenkel
"Hilifter"
"Brother Charlie"
"Act of Creation"
"Idiot Solvant"
"Call Him Lord"
"Tiger Green"
"Of the People"
"Dolphin's Way"
"In the Bone"
Gordon R. Dickson Bibliography
References
Sources
1978 anthologies
Short story collections by Gordon R. Dickson
