Louis Auguste Mathieu Legrand (29 September 1863 – 1951) was a French artist, known especially for his aquatint engravings, which were sometimes erotic. He was awarded the Légion d'honneur for his work in 1906.
Life
Legrand was born in the city of Dijon in the east of France. He worked as a bank clerk before deciding to study art part-time at Dijon's Ecole des Beaux-Arts. He won the Devosge prize at the school in 1883. In 1884 Legrand studied engraving under the Belgian printmaker Félicien Rops.
Legrand's artworks include etchings, graphic art and paintings. His paintings featured Parisian social life. Many were of prostitutes, dancers and bar scenes, which featured a sense of eroticism. According to the Hope Gallery, "Louis Legrand is simply one of France's finest early twentieth century masters of etching." His black and white etchings especially provide a sense of decadence; they have been compared to those of Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, though his drawings of the Moulin Rouge, the can-can dance and the young women of Montmartre preceded Toulouse-Lautrec's paintings of similar scenes. He made over three hundred prints of the night life of Paris. They demonstrate "his remarkable powers of observation and are executed with great skill, delicacy, and an ironic sense of humor that pervades them all."
Two of his satirical artworks caused him to be tried for obscenity. The first, "Prostitution" was a symbolic drawing which depicted a naked girl being grasped by a dark monster which had the face of an old woman and claws on its hands; the second, "Naturalism", showed the French novelist Émile Zola minutely studying the thighs of a woman with a magnifying glass. Defended by his friend the lawyer Eugène Rodrigues-Henriques (1853–1928), he was found not guilty in the lower court, but was convicted in the appeal court and then given a short prison sentence for refusing to pay his fine.
Legrand was made famous by his colour illustrations for Gil Blas magazine's coverage of the can-can, with text by Rodrigues (who wrote under the pseudonym Erastene Ramiro). It was a tremendous success, with the exceptional quantity of 60,000 copies of the magazine being printed and instantly sold out in 1891.
In 1892, at the instigation of the publishing house Dentu, Legrand made a set of etchings of his Gil Blas illustrations. The etchings were published in a book, Le Cours de Danse Fin de Siecle (The End of the Century Dance Classes).
Legrand took a holiday in Brittany, which inspired him to engrave a set of fourteen lithographs of simple country life called Au Cap de la Chevre (On Goat Promontory). It was published by Gustave Pellet who became a close friend of Legrand's. Pellet eventually published a total of 300 etchings by Legrand, who was his first artist; he also published Toulouse-Lautrec and Félicien Rops among others.
He did not only work in graphics; he exhibited paintings at the Paris salon of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts starting in 1902. In 1906 he was made a chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
Legrand died in obscurity in 1951. A retrospective exhibition was held at the Félicien Rops museum in Namur, Belgium in 2006 to celebrate his graphic art. The art collector Victor Arwas published a catalogue raisonné for the occasion.
Books illustrated
de Maupassant, Guy: Cinq Contes Parisiens, 1905.
Poe, Edgar Alan: Quinze Histoires d'Edgar Poe, 1897.
Awards and exhibitions
1896: First solo exhibition, Paris.
1900: Silver Medal, Universal Exhibition, Paris.
1906: Légion d'honneur.
1911: Retrospective exhibition, Palais de Modes, Paris.
2006: Retrospective exhibition, Félicien Rops museum, Namur, Belgium.
Works in collections
Joie Maternelle ("Maternal Joy"), 1900, Yale Medical Historical Library.
Titi. Brooklyn Museum.
See also
Martin van Maële
References
Bibliography
Arwas, Victor. Belle Époque: Louis Legrand. New York, 1978.
Arwas, Victor. Louis Legrand: Catalogue Raisonné. Papadakis, 2006.
Kahn, Gustave. Louis Legrand. Special issue of "L'Art et le Beau" magazine, 1908.
Mauclair, Camille. Études sur quelques artistes originaux. Louis Legrand, peintre et graveur. Paris, 1910.
External links
OldandSold: Louis Legrand
Flickr: Louis Legrand, "Faune Parisienne" 1918
Julian Simon Fine Art: Legrand, Louis Auguste Mathieu
Georgina Kelman: Legrand, Louis
Biography by Victor Arwas
1863 births
1951 deaths
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French engravers
Artists from Dijon
French erotic artists
French portrait painters
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
20th-century French printmakers
19th-century French male artists
María del Dulce Nombre Díaz Ruiz (27 April 1932 – 23 June 2015) better known as Marujita Díaz was a Spanish singer and actress. She was born in Seville, Spain. Díaz was known for presenting the very popular show Música y estrellas. She also appeared in the films A Cuban in Spain (1951) and La pérgola de las flores (1965).
Díaz died of respiratory failure caused by colon cancer in Madrid, aged 83.
Selected filmography
1998: Tesoro (short film). (Spain), directed by Miguel Ángel Vivas
1980: La reina de la Isla de las Perlas. (Spain), directed by Víctor Barrera
1978: Deseo carnal. (Spain), directed by Manuel Iglesias Vega
1976: El avispero. (Spain), directed by Ramón Barco
1975: Canciones de nuestra vida. (Spain), directed by Eduardo Manzanos Brochero
1974: La boda o la vida. (Spain), directed by Rafael Romero Marchent
1971: Carmen Boom. Grazie zio, ci provo anch'io. (Spain, Italy), directed by Nick Nostro
1971: Las amantes del diablo. (Spain, Italy), directed by José María Elorrieta
1968: Flash 22. (short film (Spain), directed by Félix Martialay
1965: La pérgola de las flores (1º Premio a la mejor película Argentina) (Argentina, Chile), directed by Román Viñoly Barreto
1964: Visitando a las estrellas. (Spain), directed by Julián de la Flor
1963: Lulú, El globo azul, (Spain), directed by Javier Setó
1963: La casta Susana. (Spain, France), directed by Luis César Amadori
1963: El valle de las espadas, (Productora Marujita Díaz). (Spain), directed by Javier Setó
1963: La mujer de tu prójimo, (Productora Marujita Díaz). (Argentina, Spain), directed by Enrique Carreras
1962: Han robado una estrella. (Spain), directed by Javier Setó
1961: Abuelita Charlestón. (Spain), directed by Javier Setó
1961: Canción de arrabal. (Argentina) Título alternativo: La cumparsita. Directed by Enrique Carreras
1960: Three Black Angels. (México), directed by Fernando Cortés
1960: The Showgirl (Spain)., directed by José María Elorrieta
1960: Pelusa, (Spain) Título alternativo: La cenicienta del circo (México), Os milagres de Pelusa (Portugal). (Premio Nacional del Sindicato del Espectáculo a la mejor actriz), directed by Javier Setó.
1959: Y después del cuplé. (Spain) Título alternativo:Le temps du charleston. Directed by Ernesto Arancibia
1957: El genio alegre, Gioventù disperata. (Spain), directed by Gonzalo Delgrás
1957: Ángeles sin cielo, (Spain, Italy), directed by Sergio Corbucci y Carlos Arévalo
1956: Polvorilla, (Spain), directed by Florián Rey
1955: El ceniciento, (Spain), directed by Juan Lladó
1955: Good Bye, Sevilla (Adiós, Sevilla), (Spain), directed by Ignacio F. Iquino
1954: The Fisher of Songs, directed by Antonio del Amo
1953: Women's Town, directed by Antonio del Amo
1952: ¡Ay, tu madre! o Aventuras y desventuras de Eduardini, (Spain), directed by Fernando Robles Polo
1951: Una cubana en España, (Argentina, Cuba), directed by Luis Bayón Herrera
1951: Surcos, (Spain, Portugal), directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde (4 premios del Sindicato Nacional del Espectáculo: mejor película, director, actor y actriz secundaria)
1950: The Troublemaker
1951: The Dream of Andalusia
1949: La aventura de Esparadrapo, (Voz) (Spain), directed by Ángel de Echenique
1949: La Revoltosa, (México), directed by Juan de Orduña
1949: El rey de Sierra Morena, (Spain), directed by Adolfo Aznar
1948: La cigarra, (Spain), directed by Florián Rey
References
External links
1932 births
2015 deaths
Deaths from respiratory failure
Deaths from cancer in Spain
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Spanish women singers
Spanish film actresses
People from Seville
Spanish television presenters
21st-century Spanish actresses
20th-century Spanish actresses
Spanish stage actresses
Spanish television actresses
20th-century Spanish musicians
Spanish women television presenters
Clampi (also known as Ligats, llomo, or Rscan) is a strain of computer malware which infects Windows computers. More specifically, as a man-in-the-browser banking trojan designed to transmit financial and personal information from a compromised computer to a third party for potential financial gain as well as report on computer configuration, communicate with a central server, and act as downloader for other malware. Clampi was first observed in 2007 affecting computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system.
Clampi monitored over 4000 website URLs, effectively keylogging credentials and user information for not only bank and credit card websites, but also reported on utilities, market research firms, online casinos, and career websites. At its peak in the fall of 2009, a computer security professional stated that it was one of the largest and most professional thieving operations on the Internet, likely run by a Russian or eastern European syndicate. False-positive reporting of Clampi is also often used by tech support scammers to pressure individuals into sending them money for the removal of fake computer viruses.
Detailed analysis
Computer security analyst Nicolas Falliere claimed that "few threats have had us scratching our heads like Trojan.Clampi." It was the first trojan found to be using a virtual machine called VMProtect to hide its instruction set. He remarked that the use of a virtual machine added weeks to the time required for programmers to disassemble and describe the threat and mechanism of action. He discovered it logged and transmitted personal financial information from a compromised computer to a third party for potential financial gain as well as reported on computer configuration, communicated with a central server, exploited Internet Explorer 8, set up a SOCKS proxy, and acted as downloader for other malware. The virus was sophisticated enough to hide behind firewalls and go undetected for long periods of time. A list of around 4,800 URLs were CRC encoded (similar to hashing). This was dictionary attacked against a list of common URLs in September 2009 to produce a partial list of known sites with some duplication and ambiguity. The source code has never been reported to be shared or sold online.
Named modules
A list of components discovered through decryption of the executable in 2009:
SOCKS – Configures a SOCKS proxy server attackers can use to log into your bank from your work/home internet connection.
PROT – Steals PSTORE (protected storage for Internet Explorer) saved passwords
LOGGER – Attempts to steal online credentials if the URL is on the list.
LOGGEREXT – Aids in stealing online credentials for websites with enhanced security, ie HTTPS
SPREAD – Spreads Clampi to computers in the network with shared directories.
ACCOUNTS – Steals locally saved credentials for a variety of applications such as instant messaging and FTP clients.
INFO – Gathers and sends general system information
KERNAL – the eighth module refers to itself as Kernal while running inside the proprietary protected virtual appliance.
See also
Botnet
Conficker
Gameover ZeuS, the successor to ZeuS
Operation Tovar
Timeline of computer viruses and worms
Tiny Banker Trojan
Torpig
Zombie (computing)
References
External links
Clampi virus targets companies' financial accounts – ABC News
Massive Botnet Stealing Financial Info – PC World
Inside the Jaws of Trojan.Clampi – Symantec Security whitepaper (archived)
Computer worms
Facebook
Myspace
Trojan horses
Statistics of the Swedish football Division 2 in the 1971 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Norra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The Paris Université Club (PUC) is a French rugby union club based in Paris.
It is the rugby section of the omnisport club (PUC).
In 2012–2013 it played in the Fédérale 2 championship (the fourth level of rugby union in France).
Palmarès
Semifinal in 1954–55 French Rugby Union Championship and 1957–58 French Rugby Union Championship.
Season 2011/2012: First of its pool in Fèderal 3, promoted to Federale 2.
2011 : relegated in Fédérale 3
2004 : champion of Fédérale 2
1996 : champion of 2nd XV championship
1987 : champion Junior (Crabos)
1986 : champion of 2nd XV championship
1983 : Finalist, first division (group B)
1979 : champion Junior (Reichel)
1969 : champion of 2nd division
1966 : champion of 2nd XV championship
Famous players
Éric Alabarbe
David Aucagne
Roger Blachon
Antoine Burban
Wesley Fofana
André Fremaux
Arthur Gomes
Jean-François Gourdon
Claude Haget
André Haget
Eddy Joliveau
Gérard Krotoff
Ewen McKenzie
Donald Mac Donald
Graham Mourie
Andy Mulligan
Nicolas Nadau
Christian Orditz
Max Starkey
Chris Ralston
Andy Ripley
Guy Stener
Ronnie Thompson
John Wilcox
Dimitri Yachvili
Stephen Parez
Former Coaches
Clément Dupont
René Deleplace
Guy Boniface
Robert Antonin
André Haget
André Siné
Guy Malvezin
Jacques Dury
Daniel Herrero
Vincent Moscato
Xavier Blond
Frédéric Saint-SardoS
See also
Paris Université Club (baseball)
References
French rugby union clubs
Rugby union clubs in Paris
Rugby clubs established in 1906
1906 establishments in France
The Seven Martyrs of Tehran were seven prominent Bábis executed at Tehran in 1850.
After the Battle of Fort Tabarsi, mere adherence to the Báb could be sufficient to lead to a death sentence, as most famously in the case of the Seven Martyrs of Tehran, a group of seven prominent Bábis who were executed in public by beheading in February 1850. Comprising three merchants (including a maternal uncle of the Báb), two clerics, a leading dervish and a government official, the seven were all men of high social rank who could easily have saved their lives by seeming to deny their faith, but chose not to do so
References
History of the Bahá'í Faith
1850 in religion
1850 in Asia
Capital punishment in Iran
Religion in Iran
Bahá'í Faith in Iran
Bahá'í martyrs
1850 deaths
A crumble is a dish that can be made in a sweet or savory version. Crumbles became popular in Britain during World War II, when the topping was an economical alternative to pies due to shortages of pastry ingredients as the result of rationing.
See also
Cobbler (food)
Crisp
Apple crumble
Brown Betty
Smulpaj, a similar Swedish dessert
Streusel
References
External links
Crumble recipes
What is a crumble
Baked goods
Desserts
Fruit dishes
British desserts
Irish cuisine
sv:Paj#Smulpaj
RoboCop versus Terminator may refer to:
RoboCop Versus The Terminator, a 1993 video game based on the RoboCop and Terminator franchises, and loosely based on:
RoboCop Versus The Terminator (comics), a 1992 four-issue comic book crossover limited series written by Frank Miller and published by Dark Horse Comics
Terminator vs. RoboCop, the 9th episode of the 4th season of the YouTube series Epic Rap Battles of History
The 1918 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 19th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine side Porteño and Uruguayan club Wanderers ,
In the match, played at Gimnasia y Esgrima in Palermo, Buenos Aires, Wanderers beat Porteño 2–1, winning its third Tie Cup trophy (and second consecutive).
Qualified teams
Overview
Porteño earned its place in the final as the winner of 1918 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, after beating Gimnasia y Esgrima (4–0), Almagro (4–2), Estudiantes de Buenos Aires (2–0), Ferro Carril Oeste (4–1)</ref> Tiro Federal (2–1 in the semifinal) and River Plate (2–1 in the final). As a curious fact, Porteño played all its matches in Palermo.
There were no goals in the first half. On 52 minutes, Pérez, in offside position, made a pass that Buffoni connected to the first goal. Four minutes later, Pérez again sent a pass that was weakily rebounded by Arrieta, allowing Landeira to score the second goal for Wanderers. The only goal of Porteño was scored by Uslenghi by a penalty kick awarded after both backs of Wanderers fouled Clark.
With that result, Wanderers crowned champion, achieving its third Tie Cup trophy.
Match details
References
t
1918 in Argentine football
1918 in Uruguayan football
Football in Buenos Aires
Brooks is an unincorporated community in Summers County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along the New River to the north of the city of Hinton, the county seat of Summers County. Its elevation is 1,657 feet (505 m).
History
Brooks is named for an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Summers County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Krishnan Shrijith (born 12 August 1996) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Karnataka in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Karnataka cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
External links
NPB.com
1994 births
Living people
Baseball people from Yokohama
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters players
The town of Greymouth, at the mouth of the Grey River on New Zealand's West Coast, has been regularly flooded since its founding. Many floods were assigned names, such as: The Great Flood (1872); The Jubilee Flood (1887); The Big Flood (1905); The Biggest Since 1887 (1936); The Biggest Since 1936 (1977); The Big One (May 1988); and The Biggest (September 1988). A flood protection wall was completed in 1990, and the town has not since experienced flooding from the river.
Historic floods
The Great Flood (1872)
This flood occurred on 9 February 1872 after a week of heavy rain combined with heavy seas along the coast. The high sea exacerbated the situation as the flood waters were prevented from draining away and consequently backed up. Richmond Quay was the most affected area; whole blocks of offices, shops and other structures were washed out to sea. Dozens of houses were lifted off their piles and floated down the river, their kerosene lamps still burning. As soon as they crossed the Bar however, the lights were extinguished and the houses broken into matchwood by the sea. One life was lost, the youngest son of William Dale was drowned. The flood did a great deal of damage and extended over a wide area. Luckily the Prime Minister, Sir William Fox, was visiting Westport on the night of the flood. He travelled to Greymouth the next day and made an inspection, ordering the building of a protective wall which was completed in 1885 at a cost of five thousand pounds.
The Jubilee Flood (1887)
Wednesday 6 July 1887 witnessed the worst flooding in Greymouth since the great flood of 1872 with water reaching two feet higher. Water invaded many homes with hundreds made homeless, needing to seek refuge in churches and in the State School. Flood waters overflowed the wharf and 9.00am, peaked at noon, and receded by dusk. Every business and house along Māwhera Quay was flooded to a depth of at least 1 metre and boats were needed to rescue people between 3.00am and 10.00am. At its peak the river nearly touched the base of the Cobden Bridge; the water level in the mid-channel area was reported to be about 1 metre higher than at the banks.
The Big Flood (1905)
At 4am on Saturday 24 June 1905 the firebell sounded the alarm bringing businessmen rushing to their premises to lift goods from floor level. Many people had kept watch on the Friday night but although there was a howling gale and heavy rain, the river did not give the indications of the forthcoming heavy flood. It rose rapidly however in the following two hours and was lapping the wharf at 5am. All the main streets of the town were flooded with the current in Māwhera Quay a raging torrent.
In the twenty-four hours between 9am on Friday to 9am on Saturday of rain fell at Greymouth, even more in the country areas. At Bealey were recorded. In spite of the falling tide, the river continued to rise and from 11am to 2pm it was at its height.
The borough engineer, Mr E. I. Lord, took a desperate step to relieve the pressure of water backing up into the town area. At about 10am he sent a gang of workmen to the Blaketown area. Near the site of the old powder magazine, a channel was cut between the lagoon and the sea and helped prevent even worse damage to the town.
The work of rescuing was accomplished with boats and vehicles with great difficulty getting some families out of their flood-surrounded homes. The whole of the Greymouth business area was underwater. In the quay below Tainui Street and in Mackay Street, Hospital (now Guinness Street), Boundary and Albert Streets and Richmond Quay, dangerously deep streams were rushing down, tearing the thoroughfare up in all directions. The water was rushing over the top of the wharf and tearing away the embankments, undermining and destroying the railway tracks along Māwhera Quay.
The Brian Boru, Albion, Club, Caledonian, Commercial, Imperial, Oriental and Criterion Hotels all faced the full force of the rushing water as it poured over the wharf. The Imperial Hotel had a concrete cellar and as there was no means of getting rid of the water, one of the fire brigade's manual pumps was brought in on Monday morning.
Though the ships in port had a trying time at the height of the flood, no damage was reported. One large snag was caught in the wharf between the hydraulic cranes but this was removed on Monday afternoon. The Greymouth Bar which had been shallow for a number of weeks, had 24 feet of water with a straight channel to sea. In consequence, shipping movements were unhampered, vessels taking away full cargoes.
At Coal Creek several settlers lost nearly all their stock while several of them, with their families, were perched on the tops of buildings until mid-day on Saturday before being rescued. Further up the Grey Valley, settlers were heavy losers, large numbers of cattle, sheep and horses being drowned.
Railway traffic was completely suspended with a number of wash-outs on the Greymouth-Reefton and Greymouth-Otira lines. There was one wash-out on the Greymouth-Hokitika line but traffic on this section resume on the Saturday afternoon.
The water began to recede about 4pm and by 10pm the main thoroughfares in the town were clear. Huge holes had been torn in the main streets and the estimated cost of repairs was 500 pounds. The flood proved disastrous for the district as the completion of the railway was postponed indefinitely. An embankment in the form of a wing dam, a distance of 10 or 12 chains and almost a year's work, was completely levelled. The damage here was estimated at 2,000 pounds.
Biggest Since 1887 (1936)
What was described as a once in 50 year flood, Greymouth felt the effects of 55 mm of rain over a 36 hour period, 35 mm of which fell in six hours causing the Grey River to breach its banks on Saturday, 10 October 1936. The rising floodwaters, backed up by the tide, forced gaping holes in the railway ballast and protection works at the lower end of the town. Within a comparatively short time the waters had reached as far as the railway line, extending from Tainui Street to Karoro. For over five hours the raging river continued to overflow. With the fall of the tide shortly after 9 o'clock, the situation eased and the waters started receding until noon when little water remained on the streets in the business area.
No lives were lost but many narrow escapes were recorded, rescue work being done by many who secured rowboats.
When the waters cleared, a thick layer of silt covered the inundated areas. Great as was the loss in Greymouth, it was a fraction of the enormous damage in the Grey Valley. Thousands of pounds worth of stock was swept down the Grey River and its tributaries, some farmers losing hundreds of pounds worth.
At its height in this flood, the Grey River was running at . Older residents, who retained marks on the walls of their homes, indicated that the waters were higher than in 1913.
Biggest Since 1936 (1977)
On Tuesday, 18 January 1977 the Grey River burst its banks at 1.30am sending a torrent of water through the main business area. A state of civil emergency was declared by the district civil defence controller, Mayor O. H. Jackson at 3.30am. The flooding was described as the worst in Greymouth since the big flood in March 1936.
The burst bank occurred almost opposite the Tainui Street – Māwhera Quay corner, flooding dozens of shops, hotels and other businesses. Blaketown, Cobden and the Arney-Leonard Street area bore the brunt of the damage to homes and about 40 people had to be evacuated. Flood water was five feet deep in some houses. Mayor Jackson closed the town centre to sightseers although some businesses re-opened by mid-afternoon.
The state of emergency was in place until 4pm on Saturday 22 January to allow the town centre to be cleared of silt. Mr Jackson saw this flood proved the need for a flood protection wall.
The Big One (May 1988)
In 1988 flooding occurred in May and September. The May event brought flooding to the entire West Coast, particularly the Greymouth area. On the morning of 19 May, warnings were broadcast that up to 150mm of rain was expected in the Greymouth area, and with heavy rain already falling in the back country, this posed a serious threat of flooding. By 5pm the rivers up country were running approximately a foot higher than the level of the November 1984 flood. It was predicted the Grey River would come over the wharf at 10pm. At 8.30pm it was decided to close the town from the railway crossings at Herbert, Tarapuhi, Albert and Tainui Streets and Māwhera Quay. By 9pm the lagoons were overflowing and water entering houses and businesses in Blaketown and the lower town areas. Water was pouring through the Richmond Hotel at 9.20pm. The river was running at 14.5 knots against a heavy sea.
A Civil Defence Emergency was declared for the Greymouth Borough on 20 May, and roads and properties suffered damage. Four hundred people had to be evacuated with 102 houses affected and 2 being condemned.
The Biggest One (September 1988)
On Monday 12 September 1988 farmers were warned to move stock to high ground. The Meteorological Service advised that up to 250mm of rain would fall in the region over a 36 hour period. By mid afternoon, all rivers and creeks in the Grey catchment rose rapidly over the next few hours. By 8.30am on Tuesday 13 September the river was spilling its banks at Richmond Quay, the Blaketown lagoons were overflowing and water was starting to enter houses. Heavy seas combined with a high tide left no doubt the flooding would be disastrous. When the river peaked about 3.35pm it was overflowing its banks from the Cobden Bridge to the Railways goods shed in Gresson Street to a depth of one metre. The Greymouth aerodrome runways were under more than a metre of water and the basement of the Greymouth Hospital was flooded. The whole town was a lake. Over 300 people had to be evacuated, many by jet boat from Blaketown, Kaiata and Coal Creek.
A state of regional civil emergency was declared. The flooding caused two massive landslips, one of which claimed the life of Rewanui mine site caretaker, Keith Butler, as it swept away the old bath house there. Overall damage was extensive: there were broken stormwater, sewerage and high pressure service lines, smashed shop windows and goods scattered throughout the town which was inches deep in silt, much of it contaminated with oil and sewage. For several days the town was under curfew to allow the cleanup to proceed.
Flood protection
After the floods of 1988, the mayor of Greymouth, Barry Dallas, embarked on an ambitious project to build a flood protection wall. The wall was completed in September 1990 at an overall cost of NZ$4m: 80% from the New Zealand government and 20% from Grey District Council. Since its completion, river flooding has not affected the town again. To commemorate the work of the hundreds of locals who helped sandbag, fruitlessly, against the 1988 floods, and who assisted in the cleanup afterwards, the town erected a statue of a fisherman on the new flood wall. Cast in concrete by local sculptor Stephan Newby, a plaque at its base has the dedication "To those who help others".
References
Flood control
Greymouth
Greymouth
History of the West Coast, New Zealand
Nina is an upcoming Maldivian crime thriller film directed by Ilyas Waheed. Produced by Asim Ali and Ahmed Wahyd under IFilms, the film stars Nuzuhath Shuaib in titular role while debutant Sharaf Abdulla, Mariyam Rasheedha and Mariyam Shakeela feature in pivotal roles.
Cast
Nuzuhath Shuaib as Nina
Sharaf Abdulla
Mariyam Rasheedha
Nathasha Jaleel
Mariyam Shakeela
Hamdhoon Farooq
Ali Yooshau
Ali Inaz
Hassan Shinan
Ibrahim Shaif
Hussain Shamih Mohamed
Aisha Ali
Ahmed Rasheedh
Development
Following the success of Bavathi (2019), director Ilyas Waheed announced Nina in August 2019 with a cast including Nuzuhath Shuaib, debutant Sharaf Abdulla and Mohamed Jumayyil. After completing the shoot in Male', the cast and crew departed to Laamu atoll on 4 February 2020. As required for the film, Shuaib trained in martial arts. Shooting for the film ended in March 2020. In mid-2020, it was reported that veteran actress Mariyam Rasheedha has joined the cast of the film after a break of more than two decades. Following the child abuse allegation over Jumayyil, the production studio severed ties with him and affirmed that he will not be involved in the marketing and promotion of the film, though no confirmation was given by the studio if his role will be retained in the film or replaced.
Release
The film was scheduled for theatrical release in late 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
Maldivian thriller films
Upcoming films
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films shot in the Maldives
The National Prize for Applied and Technological Sciences () was created in 1992 as one of the replacements for the National Prize for Sciences under Law 19169. The other two prizes in this same area are for Exact Sciences and Natural Sciences.
It is part of the National Prize of Chile.
Jury
The jury is made up of the Minister of Education, who calls it, two academics assigned by the Council of Rectors, the President of the National Commission for Scientific and Technological Research (CONICYT), and the last recipient of the prize.
Prize
The prize consists of:
A diploma
A cash prize amounting to 6,562,457 pesos () which is adjusted every year, according to the previous year's consumer price index
A pension of 20 (approximately US$1,600) in January of the corresponding year, which remains constant for the rest of the year
Winners
1992, Raúl Sáez
1994:
1996: Julio Meneghello
1998: Fernando Mönckeberg Barros
2000: Andrés Weintraub Pohorille
2002: Pablo Valenzuela
2004: Juan Asenjo
2006: Edgar Kausel
2008: José Miguel Aguilera
2010: Juan Carlos Castilla
2012: Ricardo Uauy
2014: José Rodríguez Pérez
2016:
2018:
See also
CONICYT
List of agriculture awards
List of engineering awards
References
1992 establishments in Chile
Chilean science and technology awards
Invention awards
Engineering awards
Materials science awards
Agriculture awards
1992 in Chilean law
Ballintober South (), also called Ballintober West, is a barony in County Roscommon, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Ballintober South is named after Ballintober town; however, it does not actually contain that town, which is located in Castlereagh barony.
Geography
Ballintober South is located in the centre of County Roscommon, northwest of Lough Ree.
History
The Ó Manacháin (O'Monaghans) were lords of the "Three Tuathas", and in AD 866 were rulers of this area, known as Ui Briuin na Sionna (O'Brien of the Shannon). In 1249, they were overthrown by the O'Beirnes (Ó Birn).
The O'Mooneys were chiefs of Clann-Murthuile, also believed to be in Ballintober South.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Ballintober South:
Cloontuskert
Kilteevan
Roscommon
References
Baronies of County Roscommon
Malka or Malkah may refer to:
Places
Malka (river), a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia
Malka Balo, one of the districts in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia
Malka Hans, Punjab, a town in Pakistan
Malka Jara, a settlement in Kenya's Coast Province
Malka, Kamchatka Krai, a village on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Rusie
Malka Mari, a settlement in Kenya's Eastern Province
Malka, Pakistan, a town of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan
Malka Polyana, a village in the municipality of Aytos in Burgas Province, Bulgaria
Malka Smolnitsa, a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province, Bulgaria
People
Surname
Judah ben Nissim al-Malkah, a Moroccan-Jewish writer and philosopher of the 13th century
Marie Ortal Malka, Israeli musician
Moti Malka, an Israeli footballer
Motti Malka, mayor of the Israeli city of Kiryat
Napki Malka, a Hephthalite king of the 6th-7th century
Zadok Malka, a former Israeli footballer
Given name
MALKA (musician), stage name of Tamara Schlesinger, British singer-songwriter
Malka Drucker, an American rabbi
Malka Lee, (1904–1976), an American poet
Malka Marom, Canadian journalist
Malka Spigel, Israeli musician and artist
Malka Zimetbaum (1918–1944), or Mala Zimetbaum, a Belgian-Jewish escapee from Auschwitz
Other
Melaveh Malkah (also Melave Malka or Melava Malka), a meal that is customarily held by Jews after their Sabbath
Holy Leaven (Malka), a sacrament of the Church of the East
See also
Malča, a village in Serbia
Melka (disambiguation)
Maghrebi Jewish surnames
Novogrudok District () - a district (rajon) in the Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Novogrudok.
Notable residents
Fabijan Abrantovič (1884, Vieraskava village – 1946), religious and civic leader of the first half of the 20th century, victim of the Soviet repressions
Uladzimir Konan (1934, Vieraskava village - 2011), Belarusian philosopher
Michaś Naŭmovič (1922, Kašaliova village - 2004), French artist, member of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic
Paval Navara (1927, Kupisk village - 1983), Belarusian émigré public figure and a co-founder of the Anglo-Belarusian Society
Jazep Sažyč (1917, Haradzečna village – 2007), political figure, President of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Söğütlükaya, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
The Australian Magazine, or, Compendium of Religion, Literary, and Miscellaneous Intelligence was the first periodical produced in Australia. It was a short-lived publication. In later years there were a number of other unrelated periodicals that were also called The Australian Magazine.
History
The Australian Magazine appeared monthly in Sydney, New South Wales, between May 1821 and May 1822.
It was Octavo in size, contained 32 pages and individual copies sold for two shillings and sixpence per issue. Those who took out an annual subscription paid a reduced amount of one shilling and threepence per issue. Readers from as far away as Hobart subscribed to the publication.
The journal was printed by George Howe, the printer of The Sydney Gazette, Australia's first newspaper, and later, by his son, Robert Howe. Good quality paper and ink was hard to find in the colony and the production standards of the publication was not high.
The magazine was edited by the Rev. Ralph Mansfield, assisted by Rev Benjamin Carvosso and Rev Walter Lowry. It contained articles on theology and general topics, poetry, short stories and items of local news.
The same title was used by other Australian periodicals in the nineteenth century. These began, respectively, in 1835, 1838, 1859 and 1899. More journals used the name in the 20th century.
The full run of the magazine has been made available online by the National Library of Australia.
External links
The Australian Magazine (1821-1822)
The Australian magazine, or, Compendium of religious, literary, and miscellaneous intelligence, Vol. 1, no. 1 (May 1, 1821)-v. 2, no. 14 (Sept., 1822), at State Library of New South Wales, 991024289019502626 and National Library of Australia 1883786
References
1821 establishments in Australia
Magazines established in 1821
Magazines disestablished in 1822
Religious studies journals
Australian literature
Defunct literary magazines published in Australia
Magazines published in Sydney
Monthly magazines published in Australia
Rhizina undulata, commonly known as the doughnut fungus or the pine firefungus, is a species of fungus in the family Rhizinaceae. The fruit bodies of the fungus are dark purple brown with a bright yellow margin, crust-like and attached to the growing surface by numerous root-like yellow rhizoids. R. undulata has a cosmopolitan distribution, and commonly occurs on clearings or burned areas throughout central and northern Europe, North America, northern Asia, and southern Africa. It is parasitic on conifer seedlings, and has caused considerable damage to tree plantations worldwide.
Taxonomy
The fungus was first described in 1774 as Helvella inflata by the German polymath Jacob Christian Schäffer. It acquired its current name in 1815 by virtue of its publication in Elias Magnus Fries's Observationes Mycologicae.
The specific epithet undulata means "wavy" or "undulating". Common names that have been used to refer to the species include "crust-like cup", "pine-fire cushion", "doughnut fungus", and "pine firefungus".
Description
Fruit bodies (apothecia), which may be up to wide, are flat, with irregular lobes, and are attached to the growing surface on the entire lower side by numerous whitish to yellowish rhizomorphs. The hymenium is dark purple brown to blackish, while the margin is a cream color(like the underside), and wavy and irregular. When moist, the surface is sticky. The fruit body has a leathery texture when old. In very young fruit bodies, the surface is white; the brown color initially appears in the center and expands rapidly thereafter. Later in the growing season, several of these apothecia may clump together and form irregularly-shaped structures up to 25 cm wide. They will lose their cream-colored ring and become black. These are the resting structures that will allow the fungus to survive unfavorable conditions until another fire occurs and the ascospores germinate.
The spores of Rhizina undulata are fusiform (fuse-shaped), apiculate, minutely verricose at maturity, with one or two oil drops, and have dimensions of 30–40 by 8–11 µm. The asci are roughly cylindrical, and 250–280 by 14–18 µm. Like most other Pezizales, the asci open at maturity by means of an apical, lid-like flap of tissue termed an operculum. The paraphyses are slightly club-shaped, tips encrusted with tubular setae, thin-walled, brown, aseptate and parallel-sided, tapering to a blunt point, and are 7–11 µm wide.
Similar species
Disciotis venosa has an overall similar blistered appearance, but can be distinguished by its distinct bleach-like odor. Discina ancilis bears a general resemblance to Rhizina undulata, but its fruit bodies lack rhizoids on their undersurface, and are attached to the substrate at a central point.
Symptoms and Signs
One of the main symptoms of the seedlings are that they appear stressed. The needles will be necrotic, and they can appear girdled at or below the soil line. Leader growth will also be stunted. The roots will be covered in lesions and white to yellow mycelium. Symptoms can also appear on mature trees, and may include extensive cone production, reduced shoot growth, a significant amount of resin production from the lower part of the stem, and chlorotic and necrotic needles. Fruiting structures will be very distinct, as they can be up to 6 cm in diameter and are chestnut brown with brain-like lobes and fissures. The presence of these fruiting structures, as well as their proximity to the trees, can be critical signs in diagnosis of Rhizina root disease. Other contributing factors are the proximity of the fire sites as well as the mycelium and the lesions present on the roots. The signs and symptoms are most commonly seen in the late summer and fall in wet years.
Habitat and distribution
This is a widespread fungus that grows on burned soil or conifer debris. The spores are activated by the heat of the fire, which is why the disease is present in burned soil. This is because the fire breaks the spore dormancy and also creates a competitive advantage and allows the fungus to thrive. It prefers growing in acidic soil. Although it is regarded as a saprobic species, it can also attack conifers of varying age parasitically. Its parasitic nature was recognized by scientists in the late 1800s and early 1900s, in particular, through several studies by German forestry scientist and mycologist Robert Hartig. He determined that the fungus can cause the death of four-year-old seedlings of several conifers, including European silver fir (Abies alba), eastern white pine (Pinus strobus), European larch (Larix decidua), Sitka spruce (Picea sitchensis), mountain hemlock (Tsuga mertensiana), Douglas fir Pseudotsuga menziesii, and sweet chestnut (Castanea vesca). Later research determined that the fungus also attacks conifers between 15 and 60 years old.
The roots of seedling attacked by R. undulata are matted together with a white mycelium that penetrates all parts of the cortical and bast tissues. Hartig grew the fungus in culture, and was able to follow the growth of the mycelium using light microscopy. He wrote: The mycelial strands surrounding the diseased roots are continuous with the rhizoid strands that originate from the fruit body underside and attach it to the substrate.
Rhizina undulata attack in recently established conifer plantations in areas where slash burning after clearcutting has been performed is a well-known phenomenon. Because the optimum temperature for spore germination is high (), the spores may lie dormant in soil for two years. As a result of these fires, the underlying soil is heated so that suitable conditions are created for the germination of ascospores. The use of hot asphalt () for paving new roads has also been observed to cause the same deleterious effect on neighboring conifers. Rhizina undulata has been recorded in northern Asia, Europe, and North America. It has been introduced into southern Africa.
Rhizina undulata is a homothallic fungus, and so it can produce fruit bodies without mating with another individual. Fruit bodies can occur prolifically in favorable habitats. In one recorded instance there were over 300 fruit bodies found within a radius of of a single pine stump. Some studies have suggested that the fungus spreads radially from a single starting point, so that the fruit bodies appear in wider circles in successive years (similar to growth observed in a fairy ring), but other studies have not noticed this phenomenon. The spread of the fungus stops four to seven years after the initial infection.
Management
Preventing the disease from happening is easier than trying to cure it once it has started. Avoiding burning after clearfelling an area is one way to help prevent the spread of the disease. One of the main ways to prevent the disease is to delay planting of trees for 1.5 to 2 years after a forest fire or burning due to the fact that heat is what activates the spores.
References
External links
Canadian Forest Service-Rhizina root rot
Pezizales
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Fungi described in 1815
Inedible fungi
Taxa named by Elias Magnus Fries
The following is a list of women who have held the Señorita Panamá (Miss Panamá) title.
Representatives to Miss Universe
Señorita Panamá winners who have gone on to become Miss Universe are in bold.
Regional rankings
The regional ranking is established according to the state of origin or representation of the miss (Miss Universe) and the year they won the title.
Notes:
The regional ranking is established according to the state of origin or representation of the miss and the year they won the title.
In the 2007 Sorangel Matos compite for Panama in Miss Universe 2007. She was 1st Runner-Up of the Señorita Panamá 2006 pageant
Representatives to Miss World
References
External links
Señorita Panamá
Miss Panamá y Bellezas Universales (Foro Oficial)
Senorita Panama titleholders
Senorita Panama titleholders
Senorita Panama titleholders
nl:Miss Panamá
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1981.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
26 February - Märt Avandi, actor, TV host, and comedian
26 May - Eda-Ines Etti, singer and TV host
15 June - Veljo Reinik, actor
Deaths
Christian of the Palatinate-Zweibrücken may refer to:
Christian of the Palatinate-Zweibrücken (1752–1817), Bavarian General of the Infantry
Christian of the Palatinate-Zweibrücken (1782–1859), Bavarian General of the Cavalry
Luminus (former names: Société productrice d'électricité, SPE, SPE-Luminus, and EDF Luminus) is the second largest electricity producer and energy supplier on the Belgian energy market. Its main shareholder is Électricité de France with a 68.6% stake.
History
The company was established as municipalities joint utility Société productrice d'électricité (SPE) in 1978. In July 2008 Centrica acquired its majority stake in SPE by buying out Gaz de France. In 2009, Centrica sold its shares to EDF. In September 2010, SPE Luminus as a subsidiary of EDF, took over the sales activities of EDF Belgium. Grégoire Dallemagne took up office as CEO on 1 September 2011. On 23 November 2011, the company was renamed EDF Luminus to become Luminus in April 2019.
Operations
Luminus sells electricity and gas to 1.8 million private and professional customers, bringing its commercial market share to more than 20%. The company has approximately 2,000 employees. With an installed generation capacity of 2,090 MW, the company accounts for 14% of the national electricity generation.
Luminus owns gas-fired power plants (both CCGT and classic thermal power), wind farms and hydraulic power stations on various sites in Wallonia and Flanders. The company also owns stakes in nuclear plants. It operates CCGT plants at Angleur, Ghent-Ringvaart and Seraing, and classic thermal plants in Angleur, Gent-Ham, Izegem and Monsin. Until March 2012, Luminus also exploited a classic thermal plant in Harelbeke. Luminus' seven hydroelectric power plants are located on Meuse and Sambre rivers. The company is Belgium's #1 in terms of onshore wind energy (189 wind turbines, with a total capacity of 448 MW.
See also
Energy in Belgium
References
External links
Electric power companies of Belgium
Companies based in Brussels
Électricité de France
Mandorock 2000 Live is a live album by Phil Beer with The Phil Beer Band. It is a recording of a live performance of his very scarce album Mandorock at Hutingdon Hall, Worcester in September 2000. Though its most popular release was 2009, it is possible that earlier copies were released in 2000.
Track listing
"The Shape I'm In" - 3:17
"Goldwatch Blues" - 4:23
"Tower of Song" - 4:56
"Adieu Sweet Lovely Nancy" - 5:18
"Frank And Jessie James" - 4:26
"Volcano" - 4:17
The Blues Melody: "Leaving Blues"/"Lonesome Whistle" - 8:46
"You Can Close Your Eyes" - 3:04
Tunes: "Goldrush"/"Jake's Jig"/"Rocky Road To Mylor" - 6:35
"Border County Town" - 4:30
"Long Distance Love" - 2:31
"Dominion Of the Sword" - 3:20
"Gone At Last" - 5:21
"No Surrender" - 3:58
"Ballad Of Henry Lee" - 3:52
"Scarecrow" - 4:21
Personnel
Phil Beer - vocals, guitar, mandolin
Gareth Turner - melodeon
Nick Quarmby - bass
Steve Crickett - drums
Deb Sandland - vocals
Charlotte Ayrton - guitar, harmonica
Technical
Audio Mixers: Mick Dolan; Will Thomas
Photographer: Ron Hill
References
2009 live albums
Phil Beer albums
Among those who were born in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, or have dwelt within the borders of the modern borough are (in alphabetical order):
Kingston upon Thames (town)
Joss Ackland, actor, lived at Ravenswood Court in Coombe
Clara Amfo, radio presenter (1984)
Nigel Barley, anthropologist (1947)
Cyril Joe Barton, World War II hero
Harold Bauer, pianist, born 1873
Erin Boag, professional ballroom dancer and star of Strictly Come Dancing (1975)
Sydney James Bounds (1920–2006), author
Derek Bourgeois, composer (1941)
Tom Brown, satirist (1662–1704), lived at Kingston for three years when schoolmaster there
Timothy Browning, mathematician
John Bryant, journalist
Richard Butler, lead singer of The Psychedelic Furs (1957)
Donald Campbell, car and motorboat racer (1921)
John Cleland, author (1709)
Finn Cole, actor (1995)
Joe Cole, actor (1988)
Terence Conran, industrial designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer
Matt Cooke, television presenter (1982)
John Cooper, auto engineer (1923)
Peter Cox, lead singer Go West (band) (1955)
Victoria Crowe, painter (1945)
William Daniell (1769), artist and engraver
Sandy Denny, singer and musician
Es Devlin, stage designer (1971)
Chris Dreja, guitar, bass, and keyboards with 1960s band The Yardbirds (1963-1968) Box of Frogs (1983-1986)
Lisa Faulkner (1973), actor
Archibald Frazer-Nash (1889), engineer and car designer
Nell Tiger Free (1999), actress
John Galsworthy (1867–1933), author
George Fisher Gilmour (1904–1984), artist, playwright, and filmmaker
Dora Gordine (1895–1991), sculptor, lived at Dorich House (c 1937-1991), Kingston Vale, which is now a museum.
Pamela Green (1929–2010), glamour model, was born in Kingston
Earl Haig (1861–1928), World War I general, lived at Ravenswood Court in Coombe
Edward Highmore (1961), actor
Herbert Hill (1867), cricketer
Neon Hitch, singer (1986)
Tom Holland (1996), actor
John Hoyland, artist, built and worked from a studio in Kingston upon Thames from 1964
Len Hutton (1916), English Test cricketer
John Inverdale (1957), BBC broadcaster, born in Plymouth, but residing in Kingston upon Thames from 1964
P.D.James author, resident 1961-1966
Stuart Latham (1912), first producer of Coronation Street
Dean Lewington, footballer (1984)
Sarah Lindsay (1980), Olympic speed skater
Margaret Lockwood (1916–1990), actress, born in Karachi but lived her later years in Kingston
John Martyn, singer, guitarist and songwriter (1948)
Debbie McGee, television presenter and magician (1958)
Jonny Lee Miller (1972), actor
Jeremy Moon (1934), artist
Ivor Moreton (1908–1984), pianist and singer, lived in Coombe.
Nicky Morgan, (1972) politician
Eadweard Muybridge (1830), photographer
Ingrid Newkirk (1949) founder of PETA
Chiké Okonkwo (1982), actor
Tom Onslow-Cole, British racing driver (1987)
Mike Osborn (1917), military officer
Katherine Parkinson (1978), actress
Roy Plomley (1914), radio broadcaster, producer, playwright
George Yeomans Pocock (1891), boatbuilder
"Rat Scabies" (Christopher Millar), drummer for The Damned (1957)
Steven Reid, footballer (1981)
Kelly Reilly (1977), actor
Declan Rice, footballer for West Ham United and the England national team (1999)
Lynn Ripley a.k.a. Twinkle (singer) (1948)
Patrick Roberts, professional footballer (1997)
Tom Rowlands of the Chemical Brothers (1971)
Anna Rust (1995), actor
James Saunders, composer (1972)
Luke Shaw, footballer for Manchester United F.C. (1995)
Lucie Silvas, singer (1977)
Tim Smith, singer and guitarist for Cardiacs (1961-2020)
James Squire, transported convict and brewer in Australia (1754)
Alec Stewart, former England cricket captain
Stormzy, rapper, lives in Kingston
Dave Swarbrick, folk fiddle player (1941)
Lynne Truss, author, born in Kingston upon Thames in 1955
Jacqueline Wilson, grew up and went to school in Kingston and still lives there today
Steven Wilson, musician (1967)
References
Kingston
Baldur Bragason (born 29 May 1968) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder. He won five caps for the Iceland national football team between 1992 and 1993, and had spells in Iceland, Germany, Greece and Denmark during his playing career.
Shortly after he had won a place in the national team Baldur was in a motorcycle accident that left doctors doubting whether he could play again, but Baldur overcame that. During his injury, in 1994, he switched to Leiftur from Valur.
References
Baldur Bragason international appearances at ksi.is
1968 births
Living people
Baldur Bragason
Association football midfielders
Baldur Bragason
Lyngby Boldklub players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Baldur Bragason
Welcome to the New World may refer to:
Welcome to the New World, a 2004 album by The Captains
Welcome to the New World, a 2009 album by Tay Dizm
It may also refer to:
Welcome to the New Cold World, a 2009 album by Lights Action
Stanislavsky Street 7 () is a residential building in Leninsky District of Novosibirsk, Russia. It was built in 1940. Architects: V. M. Teitel, A. V. Baransky.
Description
Stanislavsky Street 7 is a neoclassical building on the corner of Stanislavsky and Parkhomenko streets.
Gallery
See also
100-Flat Building
Bibliography
External links
Stanislavsky Street 7 Жилой дом по улице Станиславского, 7. Novosibdom.ru.
Leninsky District, Novosibirsk
Buildings and structures in Novosibirsk
Buildings and structures completed in 1940
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Novosibirsk Oblast
The term Navy–Culebra protests is the name given by American media to a series of protests starting in 1971 on the island of Culebra, Puerto Rico against the United States Navy for its use of the island for military exercises.
Background
For many years, especially the years following World War II, the U.S. Navy used the small island of Culebra, Puerto Rico, for military practice exercises, including ship-to-shore and aerial bombardment. In 1970, the islanders began a concerted and multi-pronged effort to convince the Navy and the United States government to cease this practice. In an especially important move, the mayor of Culebra, Ramón Feliciano Encarnación, traveled to Washington, D.C. in 1970 and convinced the law firm, Covington and Burling, to represent Culebra's interests, pro bono. Throughout the ensuing five years, Richard Copaken, the young lawyer at that law firm who assumed this responsibility, sometimes aided by his colleague Tom Jones, pursued legal actions in U.S. federal courts, lobbied representatives and senators in the U.S. Congress, and publicized the ongoing struggle in national newspapers.
Protests and demonstrations
Popular support for terminating the bombing was also very important, and took the form of protests and demonstrations both in Culebra and the main island of Puerto Rico. One particular protest was led in 1971 by Rubén Berríos, President of the Puerto Rican Independence Party (PIP), an attorney in international rights, President-Honorary of the Socialist International, law professor at the University of Puerto Rico and future senator in the Puerto Rican government. The protesters entered the restricted area of Flamenco Beach, a major target area, and remained for several weeks. Berríos, along with 13 other protesters, were arrested and charged with trespassing on U.S. military property. They were sentenced to three months in a Puerto Rican prison.
Conclusion
These wide-ranging and well directed efforts – legal maneuvers, congressional lobbying, public relations, and popular demonstrations – brought success. Official declarations by President Richard M. Nixon in 1974 and reiterated by President Gerald Ford in 1975, terminated all military operations in Culebra as of December 1975.
Although these efforts resulted in a peaceful, bombardment-free Culebra, military exercises were soon thereafter moved to the nearby island of Vieques. The military operations in Vieques were terminated in 2003 by President George W. Bush.
See also
United States Navy in Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Culebra, Puerto Rico
Political history of Puerto Rico
External links
LIFE Magazine Apr. 10, 1970
She's Out of Control is a 1989 American independent coming of age comedy film directed by Stan Dragoti. Starring Tony Danza, Ami Dolenz and Catherine Hicks. The original music score was composed by Alan Silvestri. The film was marketed with the tagline "She was Daddy's little girl. Now she's at that age when girls go wild, guys go crazy and Dads go nuts". The film was shot with the working title Daddy's Little Girl.
Plot
Widower Doug Simpson is a radio manager from California who lives with his two daughters, Katie and Bonnie. When Katie turns 15, she feels it is time to start looking more grown up. She has been dating Richard, the boy next door, whom her father adores, since middle school. In addition, her unflattering wardrobe has been complemented by her thick glasses and full set of braces. When Doug leaves on a business trip, Katie transforms herself into a beauty with help from her father's girlfriend Janet Pearson.
When Doug returns, he is shocked to find boys from every walk of life interested in dating Katie. When his obsession with Katie and her boyfriends reaches extreme limits, Janet suggests that Doug needs psychiatric help and he seeks out an expert who gives him advice that goes wrong whenever it is applied. Through the latter half of the film, Katie has three boyfriends, two of whom she eventually stops dating. At the film's ending, Katie takes a class trip to Europe and reunites with Richard again – at which point Bonnie, her younger tomboy sister, begins her own dating spree. Doug also finds out the "expert" was anything but, as he never had a daughter himself.
Cast
Reception
Based on 19 reviews, Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an approval rating of 11%, with an average rating of 3.5/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 20 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews."
Chicago film critic Roger Ebert gave the film the rare zero stars rating on his written review of the film, saying:
What planet did the makers of this film come from? What assumptions do they have about the purpose and quality of life? I ask because She's Out of Control is simultaneously so bizarre and so banal that it's a first: the first movie fabricated entirely from sitcom cliches and plastic lifestyles, without reference to any known plane of reality.
Chicago film critic Gene Siskel also gave the film zero stars, calling it "a lame comedy that barely resembles a real movie." During his TV review he reported that "when I saw She's Out of Control, I became so depressed I actually thought about quitting my job as a film critic." Only after seeing Say Anything... was his faith restored. Michael Wilmington of the Los Angeles Times called it "a sometimes funny, mostly media-referential movie without much real life; a high-tech, high-pro job that has a glamor-robot feel." Variety said that the film "picks up some wit and steam when Danza begins consulting a shrink ... For too much of its 95-minute running time, though, the film is loud, broad, and panders to the filmmakers' condescending conception of teenage tastes." Caryn James of The New York Times wrote, "Anyone who has watched television for even a night will be able to predict every scene in 'She's Out of Control' with total accuracy. It is an extended version of familiar, bland sitcom situations, with Mr. Danza playing a smoother-edged version of his character on the endlessly running hit 'Who's the Boss?'" Leonard Maltin's film guide gave it 1.5 stars out of 4, stating that it was a "superficial expanded sitcom with Danza offering a one-note performance," concluding with "this one seems as if it was spit out of a computer."
Soundtrack
The soundtrack, distributed by MCA Records in April 1989, was released on vinyl, cassette tape and compact disc. The track listing includes:
"Where's the Fire" – Troy Hinton
"You Should Be Loving Me" – Brenda K. Starr
"Concentration" – Phil Thornalley
"The Loneliest Heart" – Boys Club
"Hunger of Love" – Harold Faltermeyer
"KHEY-FM Radio Sweeper" – Jim Ladd
"Winning Side" – Oingo Boingo
"Daddy's Little Girl" – Brian Wilson
"Venus" – Frankie Avalon
"You Really Got Me" – The Kinks
"Feel the Shake" – Jetboy
Other songs featured in the film that did not appear on the soundtrack:
Angel Baby – Beth Anderson
Secret Agent Man – Johnny Rivers
Oh Yeah – Yello
References
External links
1980s coming-of-age comedy films
1980s teen comedy films
1989 comedy films
1989 films
1989 independent films
American coming-of-age comedy films
American independent films
American teen comedy films
Columbia Pictures films
1980s English-language films
Films directed by Stan Dragoti
Films scored by Alan Silvestri
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in Los Angeles
Weintraub Entertainment Group films
Films about father–daughter relationships
1980s American films
Sarıyamaç, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
In enzymology, a cycloeucalenol cycloisomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
cycloeucalenol obtusifoliol
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, cycloeucalenol, and one product, obtusifoliol.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is cycloeucalenol lyase (cyclopropane-decyclizing). This enzyme is also called cycloeucalenol---obtusifoliol isomerase. This enzyme participates in biosynthesis of steroids.
References
EC 5.5.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Tauqir Zia is a Pakistani former military officer and administrator who was the Chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) between 1999 and 2003.
In December 2003, he resigned from the chairmanship of the Pakistan Cricket Board.
Military career
Lieutenant general Tauqir Zia served as Director General Military Operations during the Kargil War in 1999 with India. When General Pervez Musharraf overthrew Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on 12 October 1999, he was serving as the Corps Commander Mangla, which is considered to be a key post in Pakistan's military circles after the 'Corps Commander Rawalpindi'.
Sports career
During Pervez Musharraf regime, he was appointed chairman, Pakistan Cricket Board in 1999. He resigned in 2003 after a controversy when his son, Junaid Zia, was inducted in the Pakistan national cricket team.
References
Year of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Pakistan Cricket Board Presidents and Chairmen
Pakistani generals
The North Side Gymnasium is a 7,373 seat multi-purpose arena opened in 1954 located in Elkhart, Indiana, United States on the campus of North Side Middle School. Both of Elkhart's high schools, Elkhart Central High School and Elkhart Memorial, host their varsity boys' basketball games along with other varsity sports such as volleyball and wrestling. It was home to the Elkhart Express of the International Basketball League. At one point it was the largest high school gym in the country, seating 8,200 prior to renovation.
Ground was broken on the building in July 1953 and the project cost a total of $1.3 million, with work proceeding after a protest filed with the Indiana State Board of Tax Commissioners was rejected. When the field house was opened on November 24, 1954, the facility was the largest high school gym in the United States. In its initial season of operation, the gym generated $57,500 in revenue from ticket sales, concessions and parking fees from the 134,000 fans who attended high school games.
The gym has also hosted professional wrestling matches, ice shows and the Harlem Globetrotters.
For the 2005 season, the Elkhart Express of the International Basketball League debuted in the North Side Gymnasium, under a deal in which the arena was leased by the school district to the park board, which then leased it to the team, as part of an effort to skirt restrictions on leasing the facility for financial gain.
See also
Largest high school gyms in the United States
References
1954 establishments in Indiana
American Basketball Association (2000–present) venues
Basketball venues in Indiana
Buildings and structures in Elkhart, Indiana
Gyms in the United States
Gymnastics venues in Indiana
Wrestling venues in Indiana
Connor Olev Martin O'Brien (born 4 February 1961) is a Canadian investment-fund manager. He is president and chief executive officer of O'Shares Investments, a U.S.-based ETF adviser, as well as president, chief executive officer and chief investment officer of Stanton Asset Management, a Montreal-based investment-management company, which he founded in 2002. O'Brien had previously established a private-equity investment firm, Stanton Capital Corporation, in New York City. Before establishing his own businesses, he held positions at Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers.
O'Brien is a former alpine skier who represented the United Kingdom in the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo and Estonia in the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer.
Early life and education
O'Brien was born and raised in Montreal and holds British and Estonian citizenship, as well as Canadian. His father was born and raised in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and his mother immigrated to Canada from Estonia as a child in 1944. When Estonia gained its independence from the Soviet Union, O'Brien became an Estonian citizen by birthright.
O'Brien attended schools in Montreal and went on to Middlebury College in Vermont, where he received a BA degree in physics and economics and was a member of Middlebury's alpine ski team. He then earned an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.
Business career
O'Brien began his career as an associate at Lehman Brothers and then moved to Merrill Lynch, where he was a vice-president for mergers and acquisitions (M&A).
In 1995, he founded Stanton Capital Corporation, a private-equity investment firm. One of Stanton Capital's first ventures was in the privatization of the Peruvian state-owned steel company SiderPeru. Stanton acted as the financial partner of a team of private investors that included Acerco S.A., as industry partner, and Wiese Inversiones Financieras S.A., an affiliate of Banco Wiese, to acquire the Peruvian steel company SiderPeru. The consortium, named Sider Corp, acquired 96.46% of Siderperu in 1996. Siderperu's employees acquired the remaining 3.54% of Siderperu's share capital. Stanton sold its share to its consortium partners in January 2001.
Stanton ventured into shipping in 1997 when it assembled a team of investors to partner with the Norwegian shipping company Tschudi & Eitzen to acquire ESCO, an Estonian state-owned shipping company that was privatized through O'Brien's family links to Estonia. According to the business daily Aripaev, ESCO has in the last four years accumulated huge debt, and its main shareholders were suspected of siphoning capital out of the company. Stanton sold its interest to Tschudi & Eitzen in June 2001 in order to recoup some money after dismal showings in both MaritimeDirect and Millenium Seacarriers.
Stanton followed the ESCO investment by teaming with shipping-industry executive Vassilios M. (Bill) Livanos in 1998 to form Millenium Seacarriers, Inc., a United States-based dry-bulk shipping company that eventually owned and operated a fleet of up to 22 bulk carriers. Millenium Seacarriers faced difficulties when market conditions and charter rates for the dry-bulk shipping sector deteriorated in the early 2000s. By 2001, bondholder Wayland Investment filed suit against Millenium Seacarriers and O'Brien claiming they "enriched themselves at the expense of the bondholders and other investors and creditors" by charging high management fees and executing a number of irregular sale-and-purchase transactions. Millenium settled the suit 2002 and gave up 17 ships, all but one of its remaining fleet. It eventually filed for restructuring in a bankruptcy proceeding.
O'Brien and Livanos also launched MaritimeDirect.com, an internet-based maritime information and e-commerce site, in 1999. MaritimeDirect weakened as a result of downturns in the dry-bulk shipping industry, overly optimistic projections, and the decline in tech-sector financing. Under pressure from creditors, it ceased operations in 2001.
O'Brien returned to Canada with his family in 2001 and dissolved Stanton Capital in the U.S. He founded Stanton Asset Management in Canada the next year, and in 2004 launched two funds of hedge funds, Stanton International Equity and the Stanton Diversified Strategies funds. After four years in which, according to O'Brien, fund investors saw accumulated returns of some 30% in addition to tax breaks, the funds suffered significant losses in late 2008. Some investors lost as much as 70% of their money, and O'Brien was forced to suspend redemptions.
O'Brien teamed with Canadian businessman and reality-television personality Kevin O'Leary in 2010 to form O'Leary Funds. O'Leary Funds suffered losses in 2011, but initial reports of large losses and redemptions by investors were modified when analysts considered the way the funds were structured and the fact that the funds paid distributions, which increased value to investors. Both analysts and fund partners O'Leary and O'Brien acknowledged that the funds employed complicated strategies that made losses look larger initially than they were. The firm was eventually sold to Canoe Financial in 2016, when O'Leary Funds had about $750 million under management.
In 2014, the Autorité des marchés financiers charged O'Leary Funds with failing to comply with various provisions under the Securities Act, namely, the restriction regarding securities concentration in a portfolio, the requirement to publish and file in a timely manner a press release informing the public about changes to a fund's fundamental investment objectives, the requirement to hold insurance coverage in accordance with regulations and the requirement to notify the AMF of any change to the information filed for registration purposes. With respect to the latter requirement, O'Leary Funds had failed to declare that it was the subject of a counterclaim for damages. O'Leary settled and agreed to pay penalties.
O'Leary Funds entered a legal dispute with Canadian energy company Boralex Inc. in 2010 over Boralex's proposed takeover of the Boralex Power Income Fund. Boralex owned 23 per cent of the trust, and O'Leary Funds held about 9.4 percent. O'Leary Funds contended that the proposed amendment to Boralex Power Income Fund's trust agreement was illegal, and petitioned the Montreal District Superior Court for the Province of Québec for a safeguard order (injunction), or ordonnance de sauvegarde, to prevent Boralex from proceeding with the sale. The petition was rejected, but the court ruled that O'Leary Funds had sufficient cause to seek damages in civil court. The case was still before the court as of February 2017.
In 2015 O'Brien and O'Leary formed O'Shares Investments, a firm offering investments to U.S. investors exclusively in ETFs.
Sports career
O'Brien began skiing at an early age and has skied for four countries: Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and Estonia. He was a member of the Middlebury College alpine ski team and skied for the United States while in college. Skiing under the British flag, he finished 33rd in the downhill at the Sarajevo Winter Olympic Games in 1984. Temporarily coming out of retirement and while working on Wall Street, he returned to the Olympic Games in 1994 to ski for his mother's native country, Estonia, which had recently gained independence from the Soviet Union.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
British male alpine skiers
Estonian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Olympic alpine skiers of Estonia
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Montreal
Canadian people of British descent
Canadian people of Estonian descent
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Middlebury College alumni
Tour of Iran 2014 is 28th round of Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan) which took place between June 17 till June 22, 2014 in Iranian Azerbaijan. The tour had 6 stage.
Stages of the Tour
Final Standing
References
Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
Sergeyevka () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Kaigani was a major trading site for maritime fur traders and the Kaigani Haida during the maritime fur trade era of approximately 1790 to 1850. The term was used for a few nearby anchorages near several Haida settlements such as Kasaan. During this time Kaigani was one of the most popular sites for trading vessels on the Pacific Northwest coast. Hundreds of trading vessels, mostly American, visited during this time, mostly seeking sea otter skins to take to China, where they commanded a high price.
The term "Kaigani" was used by these traders for several harbors on the eastern side of southern Dall Island near Cape Muzon, in southeast Alaska, just north of Haida Gwaii across Dixon Entrance. The word "Kaigani" also refers to the Haida who live in this area. The word continues to be used for the general locale, as well as various geographical features in the area, such as Kaigani Strait, between Dall Island and Long Island, Kaigani Harbors, North Kaigani Harbor, and South Kaigani Harbor. Historically the term often included nearby places such as Datzkoo Harbor and American Bay.
Maritime fur traders spelled Kaigani in many ways, including: Caiganne, Caigannee, Cargan, Clegauhny, Cygarney, Kaigahnee, Kigarnee, Kigahani, Kigahnee, Kigarny, Kigharnee, Kigharnee, Kly-garney, Ky-garney, and Kywannee.
During the maritime fur trade era there were several Haida chiefs holding power in the Kaigani area or mentioned by the traders, such as Cuneah (also spelled Cunnyha, Cunnea, Cunio), Cow (Kow, Keow), Altatsee (Altadsee, Eltatsy), Kilchart, Cotseye, Lemor (Lemmato), Douglass (Duglos, Douglas) (whose name derives from a historic name exchange with the British trader William Douglas), and others.
After about 1840 the Hudson's Bay Company took over the coastal fur trade and the HBC post of Fort Simpson eclipsed Kaigani as a trading site.
See also
List of historical ships in British Columbia
References
Fur trade
History of the Pacific Northwest
Native American history of Alaska
Pre-statehood history of Alaska
Straits of Prince of Wales–Hyder Census Area, Alaska
Twin Peaks are a double summit mountain located in the Chugach Mountains, in Matanuska-Susitna Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. The mountain is situated in Chugach State Park, northeast of downtown Anchorage, south of Palmer, and north of Eklutna Lake. East Twin Peak is the higher of the two, West Twin Peak is , and Goat Rock is a 5249+ ft crag immediately west of both. The nearest higher peak is Pioneer Peak, to the northeast. Twin Peaks' descriptive name was reported by the United States Geological Survey in 1960, but the mountain was originally known as Lach Q'a in the Denaʼina language. Climbing the mountain involves scrambling with dangerous loose rock. The trailhead for the Twin Peaks Trail is located at the end of Eklutna Lake Road near the boat launch; however, the trail ends far short of the summit.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Twin Peaks are located in a subarctic climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. Precipitation runoff from the peak drains into tributaries of the Knik River.
See also
List of mountain peaks of Alaska
Geology of Alaska
References
Gallery
External links
Twin Peaks weather: Mountain Forecast
Mountains of Alaska
Mountains of Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska
North American 1000 m summits
Denaʼina
The Navajo Livestock Reduction was imposed by the United States government upon the Navajo Nation in the 1930s, during the Great Depression. The reduction of herds was justified at the time by stating that grazing areas were becoming eroded and deteriorated due to too many animals.
Background
In a 1930 report, William Zeh, a forester for the Navajo Reservation, observed there was serious erosion in different parts of the reservation. He suggested a minor reduction in livestock, with an emphasis upon the number of goats. He believed the Navajo way of life was threatened. There was also a drought in the Midwest. By 1933, inappropriate crop cultivation had left the Great Plains susceptible to erosion and dust storms turning it into a Dust Bowl. Thousands of people left the Midwest after their lands literally blew away.
In 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed John Collier as Commissioner of what is now called the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA). He had studied issues of Native Americans and hoped to improve their lives. Agreeing with Zeh's and other later analysts, he concluded that the Navajo owned far too many livestock for the carrying capacity of their reservation. The capacity for sheep was about 500,000, but the people owned 2 million in 1931; the sheep provided half the cash income for the individual Navajo. Historians such as Lawrence A. Kuznar have noted that the analysis by Washington was quite thin, and dissent with its conclusions was suppressed.
Navajo and sheep
Spanish explorers and colonists had brought sheep and horses to North America and the Southwest for meat, wool, and transport. This was part of the Columbian Exchange, by which products, plants and animals were traded between the hemispheres. By the 18th century, the Navajo had adapted to these new animals, making use of them and developing their own flocks of Navajo-Churro sheep and herds of horses. In the 19th century, the government killed many of the herd animals after defeating the Navajo, whom they forced on the Long Walk and years as prisoners.
The United States government and Navajo signed a treaty in 1868 that returned the Navajo people to their traditional lands. Among the provisions of the treaty was giving each Navajo family two sheep, one male and one female, to start breeding their own herds again.
The Navajo were good shepherds and increased their number of livestock dramatically over the next 60 years. The government authorized increases in the size of their reservation, and stopped raiding and looting of the Navajo by outsiders. The Navajo marketed their wool both as a raw material and woven into Navajo rugs and blankets. The revenues they earned gave them incentives to increase the number of sheep; from 15,000 in the 1870s, the number rose to 500,000 in the 1920s.
A reduction of livestock was against many Navajo traditions, and destroyed a main source of income. For example, the Navajo considered their livestock sacred and integral to their lives. They were given to them by the Holy People.
Federal reduction plan
The federal government at first recommended that the numbers of livestock on the reservation be dramatically reduced. The chairman of the Navajo Tribal Council, Thomas Dodge, tried to present the government's arguments to the people. Because of the strong cultural and economic importance of the livestock, he was unable to sway most of the people.
Collier approved a program that resulted in the purchase and removal of more than half of the livestock. Analysts did not understand the deep cultural ties the Navajo had to their herds. Many women suffered economically, often losing their only source of income. The Navajo became united in opposition to the program but, after Collier had opponents arrested, they were unable to stop it.
The Navajo did not agree with this plan. After purchasing animals, the government sent many animals to market or slaughtered them on the reservation. There was a "voluntary" program from 1933. In 1935 it became mandatory.
The Navajo referred to these events as the Second Long Walk, because they were so destructive on their economy, society and way of life.
Historian Brian Dippie notes that the Indian Rights Association denounced Collier as a 'dictator' and accused him of a "near reign of terror" on the Navajo reservation. Dippie adds, "He became an object of 'burning hatred' among the very people whose problems so preoccupied him." The long-term result of livestock reduction was strong Navajo opposition to other elements of Collier's Indian New Deal. He encouraged tribes to re-establish their governments, ended allotment of communal lands, and encouraged revival of Native American cultures.
Outcomes
In the late 1930s, the government established a quota for different types of livestock on specific areas of the reservation. Navajo family grazing ranges were assigned quotas in each area. In the 1950s the Navajo Tribal Government took over administration of the quota system. in 1967 there were 600,000 sheep units. The livestock quota system is still being used today.
References
Further reading
Bailey, Garrick and Roberta Bailey. A History of the Navajo: The Reservation Years (1986)
Kelly, Lawrence C. The Navajo Indians and Federal Indian Policy (University of Arizona Press, 1974)
McPherson, Robert S. The Northern Navajo Frontier 1860-1900 (1988);
Ortiz, Alfonso, ed. Handbook of North American Indians vol. 10 (1983).
Spicer, E[dward] H. with John Collier. "Sheepmen and Technicians: A Program of Soil Conservation on the Navajo Indian Reservation," in Human Problems in Technological Change: A Casebook edited by Edward H. Spicer. New York: Russell Sage Foundation, 1952. 185-207.
Weisiger, Marsha. Dreaming of Sheep in Navajo Country (University of Washington Press, 2009).
Navajo history
1930s in Arizona
Native American history of Arizona
History of agriculture in the United States
Animal husbandry
History of the government of the United States
United States Bureau of Indian Affairs
Sheep farming in the United States
Ethnic conflict
Environmental history
Great Depression in the United States
Sheep
1930 in Arizona
Zbigniew Czaja is a former Polish slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s.
He won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1979 and a silver in 1981.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
Living people
Polish male canoeists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
The Bedford VAL is a type of coach chassis that was built by Bedford in the United Kingdom from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s. It was unusual at the time for its multi-axle design, in a "chinese six" wheelplan, i.e. with two front steering axles.
Originally it was fitted with the Leyland O.400 straight six diesel engines. With this engine, the chassis was designated VAL14.
Over 900 VAL14s were built, from 1963 to 1966, with the largest orders coming from Wallace Arnold of Leeds, Seamarks of Westoning, Don Everall of Wolverhampton, and Bartons.
From 1967, the VAL70, with the slightly larger engine of Bedford's own manufacture, quickly superseded the VAL14.
Bodywork
The VAL was built with a number of bodies from different coachbuilders. The majority of VAL14s were of Duple or Plaxton origin, although VAL14s were also bodied by several other manufacturers, including Harrington (Harrington Legionnaire bodywork was adopted) and Yeates.
Some VAL14s were given bus bodywork, including 10 by Marshall of Cambridge for British European Airways, and 10 by Strachan for North Western.
In popular culture
The Bedford VAL gained recognition through its use in the film The Italian Job. This vehicle was a Harrington Legionnaire, 'ALR 453B', new in April 1964 to Batten. After modification for the film, the coach went back into coaching, being scrapped in 1990.
A Plaxton-bodied example, 'URO 913E', featured in the 1967 Beatles film Magical Mystery Tour. This coach was new to Fox, Hayes, in 1967. In the film, the coach was raced around RAF West Malling by Ringo Starr himself against sports cars and other modes of transportation, driven by other tourists. Ringo won the race with the VAL in the end.
A Bedford VAL also featured in a devastating crash for the purposes of filming for the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1969. The plot involved some characters on a trip to the Lake District, but the coach's steering fails and it harshly crashes into a tree. The Plaxton Elite in the Coronation Street coach crash LXJ574G was new to Holt, Rusholme in March 1969. It was only a few months old when this was filmed. In the stills at the depot there is an earlier VAL-bodied Plaxton in the shots, which presumably was also owned by them. LXJ was not damaged in the sequence and went on to Isaac, Morriston in December 1977, who appear to have sold it about a year later and there is no record of it after then.
Bus tour of Liverpool
A bus tour of Liverpool, marketed as the Magical Mystery Tour, has operated since 1983. The tour visits places associated with the Beatles, such as childhood homes, Strawberry Field and Penny Lane. The tour was originally operated by a Bedford VAL coach as in the film, but more modern vehicles are now used. A Bedford Plaxton Val, originally DOE111K, was used. Previously owned by Smiths Imperial Coaches then Watsonians.
References
buslistsontheweb.co.uk - Bedford VAL14 delivery list
Bedford VAL enthusiast page
External links
Bedford VAL sales literature
VAL
Vehicles introduced in 1965
Francis Jack Needham, Viscount Newry (2 February 1815 – 6 May 1851), was an Anglo-Irish Member of Parliament.
Newry, who was born in Boulogne, France, and baptised at Sidmouth, Devon, was the eldest son of Francis Needham, 2nd Earl of Kilmorey, and Jane Gun-Cuninghame, and was educated at Eton College. He gained the courtesy title of Viscount Newry when his father succeeded as Earl of Kilmorey in 1832. In 1841 he was elected as a Conservative to the House of Commons for Newry in 1841, a seat he held until his death.
Lord Newry married, at Watford, Hertfordshire, in 1839 Anne Amelia Colville, daughter of General the Hon. Sir Charles Colville. He died at his home in Grosvenor Crescent, Belgravia, London, in May 1851, aged 36, predeceasing his father, and was buried at Adderley, Shropshire. His eldest son Francis succeeded to the earldom in 1880. Lady Newry died 6 January 1900, aged 80.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
External links
1815 births
1851 deaths
Heirs apparent who never acceded
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Newry (1801–1918)
UK MPs 1841–1847
UK MPs 1847–1852
People educated at Eton College
Irish Conservative Party MPs
British courtesy viscounts
The PFL 4 mixed martial arts event for the 2018 season of the Professional Fighters League was held on July 19, 2018, at the Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. This was the fourth regular season event of 2018 and included fights in the featherweight and heavyweight divisions.
Background
Originally fights were set between Bekbulat Magomedov vs. Magomed Idrisov and Timur Valiev vs. Lee Coville, however Idrisov and Coville were forced to pull out for undisclosed reasons. At first Carl Deaton and Darrick Minner were scheduled as replacements, but on weigh in day both missed the 146-pound limit, and as a result PFL elected to pull them off the card, and instead pair up their intended opponents to create Bekbulat Magomedov vs. Timur Valiev.
Results
Standings After Event
The point system consists of outcome based scoring and bonuses for an early win. Under the outcome based scoring system, the winner of a fight receives 3 points and the loser receives 0 points. If the fight ends in a draw, both fighters will receive 1 point. The bonus for winning a fight in the first, second, or third round is 3 points, 2 points, and 1 point respectively. For example, if a fighter wins a fight in the first round, then the fighter will receive 6 total points. If a fighter misses weight, then the fighter that missed weight will receive 0 points and his opponent will receive 3 points due to a walkover victory.
Featherweight
Heavyweight
♛ = Clinched playoff spot ---
E = Eliminated
See also
List of PFL events
List of current PFL fighters
References
Professional Fighters League
2018 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in New York (state)
Sports in Long Island
2018 in sports in New York (state)
July 2018 sports events in the United States
Events on Long Island
Events in Uniondale, New York
The Toyota 89C-V is a Group C sports prototype racing car, developed and built by Toyota intended to participate in the World Sportscar Championship, the 24 Hours of Le Mans, and the All-Japan Japanese Sports-Prototype Championship. The chassis is designed by Japanese company Dome. It is powered by a turbocharged Toyota R32 V8 engine, producing . It won 2 races, scored 4 podium finishes, and clinched 3 pole positions.
References
Group C cars
89C-V
Acacia brachyphylla is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to a small area in south western Australia.
Description
The spreading upright shrub typically grows to a height of . It has densely hairy and terete branchlets that have persistent Stipules narrowly triangular stipules that are about in length. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen, ascending to erect phyllodes are straight to curved with a length of and a width of around with six to eight minutely villous nerves. It blooms from August to October and produces yellow flowers. The simple inflorescences occur singly or in pairs and have spherical flower-heads with a diameter of containing 8 to 12 golden coloured flowers. Following flowering thinly coriaceous to firmly chartaceous seed pods have a linear shape. The pods have a length of up to and a width of and can be hairy or glabrous or covered in a fine white powder. The mottled brown to grey-brown seeds have a broadly ovate shape and a length of .
Taxonomy
There are two recognised varieties:
Acacia brachyphylla var. brachyphylla
Acacia brachyphylla var. recurvata
Distribution
It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt and Great Southern regions of Western Australia where it is commonly situated on sandplains growing in gravelly and sandy loam soils. The range of the plant extends from around Tammin in the north west to around Jerramungup in the south east.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
brachyphylla
Acacias of Western Australia
Taxa named by George Bentham
Plants described in 1855
Gijs Lamoree (3 October 1903 – 13 October 1966) was a Dutch athlete. He competed in the men's long jump and the men's triple jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1903 births
1966 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Dutch male long jumpers
Dutch male triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
People from Schoonhoven
Sportspeople from South Holland
Orły-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Dubrava is a town in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1,695 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Tamba E. Kaingbanja is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP). He is a member of the parliament of Sierra Leone, representing the Kono District. Kaingbaja is from the Kono ethnic group.
External links
http://www.slpp.ws/browse.asp?page=426
Members of the Parliament of Sierra Leone
Living people
Sierra Leone People's Party politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Zégoua is a City and commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 978 square kilometers and includes the town and 8 villages. In the 2017 census it had a population of 230,360. The city of Zégoua, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 2 km north of the border with the Ivory Coast and 14 km southeast of Kadiolo on the RN7, the main road linking Sikasso and Ouangolodougou.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The 2009 Higgins by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives Division of Higgins on 5 December 2009. This was triggered by the resignation of former Treasurer and former Liberal Party deputy leader Peter Costello. The by-election was held on the same day as the Bradfield by-election.
It was contested on the same boundaries drawn for Higgins at the 2007 federal election. At that election, the Liberal Party won the seat over the Labor Party with 57.04 per cent of the vote on a two-party-preferred basis, the closest result in the seat's 60-year history. The Liberal candidate has never had to go to preferences to win the seat.
The writ for the by-election was issued on 30 October, with the rolls closing on 9 November. Candidate nominations closed 12 November, and were announced the following day. The Labor Party did not nominate a candidate.
Both the Higgins and Bradfield by-elections were the last by-elections for the House of Representatives until the 2014 Griffith by-election.
Background
Costello first won the seat of Higgins at the 1990 federal election, and retained the seat in the six subsequent elections. At the 2007 federal election, the opposition Kevin Rudd-led Labor Party defeated the incumbent John Howard-led Liberal-National coalition government. This marked the first change of government in over 11 years. Costello was deputy Liberal leader since 1994, firstly under Alexander Downer and then under John Howard, and was Treasurer in the Howard government from its formation in 1996. On the defeat of the Howard government in 2007, Costello declined to become Liberal leader and a position in the shadow ministry and returned to the backbenches. Costello had initially indicated (15 June 2009) he would stay as the member until the next election, at which time he would retire from parliament. However, on 7 October 2009, Costello announced he would be resigning from Parliament when it resumed later in the month. He resigned on 19 October 2009.
Campaign
The Labor Party did not nominate a candidate for the by-election.
The Higgins and Bradfield by-election campaigns were overshadowed by Liberal infighting over Labor Party government's Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme, culminating in the replacement of Malcolm Turnbull with Tony Abbott as Liberal leader. Although fairly safe on paper, some commentators including Malcolm Mackerras tipped the Greens to defeat the Liberals in Higgins, and force the Liberals to preferences in Bradfield.
Liberal Party candidate Kelly O'Dwyer focussed her campaigning on local issues and attempted to distance herself from federal affairs, whereas the Greens Clive Hamilton campaigned primarily for stronger action on climate change.
Candidates
The following table is the order and party affiliation of each candidate that has nominated to contest the seat of Higgins. Candidates are placed in the order of the ballot paper.
The Australian Labor Party did not stand a candidate.
Results
The Liberal Party easily retained the seat.
See also
List of Australian federal by-elections
1968 Higgins by-election
References
External links
Higgins by-election: Antony Green ABC
Higgins by-election: The Poll Bludger
2009 elections in Australia
Victorian federal by-elections
2000s in Victoria (Australia)
Yusuf Pasha could refer to the following Ottoman statesmen:
Sinanüddin Fakih Yusuf Pasha (), grand vizier
Sinan Yusuf Pasha (), Ottoman admiral
Cığalazade Yusuf Sinan Pasha (), Ottoman admiral and grand vizier
Yusuf Sayfa Pasha (), Ottoman governor of Tripoli Eyalet
Silahdar Yusuf Pasha (), Ottoman admiral
Ağa Yusuf Pasha (), grand vizier
Koca Yusuf Pasha (), grand vizier
Kunj Yusuf Pasha (), Ottoman governor of Damascus
Yusuf Karamanli (), Ottoman pasha of Tripolitania
Yusuf Izzet Pasha (), Ottoman army general
Yusuf Ziya Pasha (), Ottoman ambassador to the United States
Ambiorix's revolt was an episode during the Gallic Wars between 54 and 53 BC in which the Eburones tribe, under its leader, Ambiorix, rebelled against the Roman Republic.
Discontent among the subjugated Gauls prompted a major uprising amongst the Belgae against Julius Caesar in the winter of 54–53 BC, when the Eburones of north-eastern Gaul rose in rebellion under their leader Ambiorix. Fifteen Roman cohorts were wiped out at Atuatuca Tungrorum (modern Tongeren in Belgium) and a garrison commanded by Quintus Tullius Cicero narrowly survived after being relieved by Caesar in the nick of time. The rest of 53 BC was occupied with a punitive campaign against the Eburones and their allies, who were said to have been all but exterminated by the Romans.
Prelude
In 57 BC Julius Caesar conquered Gaul and also Belgica (modernday Northern France, Belgium and a southern section of The Netherlands to the Rhine River; and the north-western portion of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) In the battle of the Sabis Caesar defeated the Nervii, Viromandui and Atrebates. After this he turned against the Atuatuci, captured their stronghold, and sold the tribe into slavery.
The Eburones, who until Caesar's destruction of the Atuatuci had been vassals of that Belgic tribe, were ruled by Ambiorix and Catuvolcus. In 54 BC there was a poor harvest, and Caesar, whose practice was to commandeer a part of the food supply from the local tribes, was forced to split his legions up among a larger number of tribes. To the Eburones he sent Quintus Titurius Sabinus and Lucius Aurunculeius Cotta with the command of a recently levied 14th Legion from north of the Po and a detachment of five cohorts, a total strength of 9,000 men.
The Revolt of the Romans
First Attack and deception
According to Caesar, Ambiorix and his tribesmen were equal in number of combatants to Sabinus' and Cotta's men. They attacked and killed several Roman soldiers who were foraging for wood in the nearby vicinity. The survivors fled back to their camp, followed by Ambiorix and his men. When the Romans counterattacked, Ambiorix set up a parley with the Romans in which he admitted his debt to Caesar who had taken his side in certain disputes with other Gallic tribes but said that, despite the limited strength of the Eburones, he was compelled to take action by pressure from the other tribes who were determined to win their freedom from the yoke of Rome. He claimed that a huge force of Germans, greatly angered by Caesar's successes against them and his defeat of Ariovistus, were about to cross the Rhine and offered to give the Romans safe passage to the fort of either of two nearby legions to better resist this Gallo-German force.
Debate
The Roman representatives, Quintus Junius and Gaius Arpineius, took the news back to the beleaguered fort. A council of war, attended by the leading officers and centurions, was formed. During this council, two opposing opinions took form. Speaking first, Cotta argued that they should not move without an order from Caesar. He pointed out that experience had shown them that Germans could be resisted from behind their fortifications, that they had plenty of supplies, were within easy reach of assistance from nearby legions and that they should not take at face value neither the news nor the advice of an enemy.
Denying that he was motivated by fear, Quintus Titurius Sabinus said that he believed that Caesar was on his way to Italy, that the Germans were about to add to the number of the besieging Eburones and that it seemed that they were about to face the combined wrath of grudge-ridden Germans and Gauls—for surely the militarily weak Eburones would not dare to face a Roman legion otherwise. Moreover, he said it would be better to make for a nearby legion and face the trouble with their comrades than to risk famine through a prolonged siege. The officers told their commanders that whichever view prevailed was not as important as coming to a unanimous decision. Cotta was finally forced to give way and Sabinus prevailed.
Roman defeat
The Romans spent the night in disarray, putting together their belongings and preparing to march out of the fort once morning came. The enemy heard the hubbub in the Fort and prepared an ambush. When dawn broke, the Romans, in marching order (long columns of soldiers with each unit following the other), more heavily burdened than usual left the Fort. When the greater part of the column had entered a ravine, the Gauls assaulted them from either side and sought to harry the rearguard and prevent the vanguard from leaving the ravine.
Caesar notes that Sabinus lost his mind, running from cohort to cohort and issuing ineffectual orders. Cotta, by contrast, kept his cool and did his duty as a commander, in action his duty as a soldier. Due to the length of the column, the commanders could not issue orders efficiently so they passed word along the line to the units to form into a square. The troops fought bravely though with fear and in clashes were successful. Thus, Ambiorix ordered his men to discharge their spears into the troops, to fall back if attacked by a group of Romans and chase back the Romans when they tried to fall into rank. During the engagement, Cotta was hit full in the face by a sling-shot.
Then Sabinus sent word to Ambiorix to treat for surrender, a proposal which was acceded to. Cotta refused to come to terms and remained steadfast in his refusal to surrender, while Sabinus followed through with his plan to surrender. However, Ambiorix, after promising Sabinus his life and the safety of his troops, distracted him with a long speech, all the while slowly surrounding him and his men and slaughtering them. The Gauls then charged down en masse onto the waiting Romans where they killed Cotta, still fighting, and the great majority of the troops. The remainder fell back to the fort where, despairing of help, they killed each other. Only a few men slipped away to inform Titus Labienus of the disaster. Overall, one legion and 5 cohorts, around 7500 Romans, were killed in the battle. Gallic casualties are unknown.
Aftermath
After defeating Cotta and Sabinus, Ambiorix tried to raise a general revolt in Belgica. A Belgic attack on Quintus Tullius Cicero (younger brother of the orator Cicero), then stationed with a legion in the territory of the Nervii, led to a siege of the Roman camp during which Ambiorix unsuccessfully tried to repeat his earlier bluff. The attack ultimately failed due to the timely appearance of Caesar.
Titus Labienus, the commander of the Fourth legion, which was stationed in the southern Ardennes, discovered that Indutiomarus and the Treveri were rebelling as well. The Treverian leader called for aid from the Senones and Germanic tribes east of the Rhine. The Fourth legion withstood the siege and Indutiomarus was killed after an unsuccessful attack. His relatives made their escape across the Rhine.
Before targeting the Eburones themselves, Caesar first attacked Ambiorix's allies, forcing them to promise that they would not help the tribe who had destroyed Cotta and Sabinus. The Nervii were the first victims of the Roman retaliation. During that winter a force of four legions laid waste the fields, took a great many cattle and prisoners. The Menapii were then attacked by five legions to deprive Ambiorix of potential help. Five legions were sent because, according to Caesar, they, alone of all the tribes of Gaul, had never sent ambassadors to him to discuss terms of peace, and had ties of hospitality with Ambiorix. A renewed campaign of devastation finally forced them to submit, and Caesar placed his ally Commius of the Atrebates in control of them.
After this Caesar built a bridge across the Rhine and campaigned in Germania to punish the German tribes who had aided the Treveri.
When the Roman Senate heard what happened, Caesar swore to put down all the Belgic tribes. The Roman campaigns against the Belgae took a few years, but eventually the Belgae were no match against 50,000 trained Roman soldiers. The tribes were slaughtered or driven out and their fields burned. The Eburones ceased to exist following the campaign.
The fate of the leaders of the revolt is different but neither was taken to walk in Caesar's triumphal parade. Cativolcus was now old, weak and unable to endure the hardships of flight. He solemnly cursed Ambiorix for instigating the conspiracy, and then committed suicide by poisoning himself with yew. Ambiorix and his men, however, managed to cross the Rhine and disappeared without a trace.
References
Cassius Dio xl. 7-11;
Gaius Julius Caesar, The Gallic War, Loeb Edition, 2004.
Delbrück, Hans. History of the Art of War Vol I.
Adrien Hock, Etudes sur quelques campagnes de Jules César dans la Gaule-Belgique. Vue d'après nature, carte et plans. Namur, publisher: Ad. Wesmael-Charlier, 1897. Pages 75–97. available online
External links
Commentarii de Bello Gallico (in Latin, English, German & Italian)
The Last Battle and Death of Lucius Arunculeius Cotta (chapters 24-37) - Latin
The Last Battle and Death of Lucius Arunculeius Cotta (chapters 24-37) - English
Gallic Wars
54 BC
53 BC
Ambushes
Abū'l-Futūh Barjawān al-Ustādh (عَبْدُ الْفُتُوحِ بَرْجَوَانِ الْأُسْتَاذِ; died 25/26 March 1000) was a eunuch palace official who became the prime minister (wāsiṭa) and de facto regent of the Shia Fatimid Caliphate in October 997, and held the position until his assassination. Of obscure origin, Barjawan became the tutor of heir-apparent al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, who became caliph in 996 with the death of al-Aziz Billah. On al-Hakim's coronation, power was seized by the Kutama Berbers, who tried to monopolize government and clashed with their rivals, the Turkic slave-soldiers. Allied with disaffected Berber leaders, Barjawan was able to seize the reins of government for himself in 997. His tenure was marked by a successful balancing act between the Berbers and the Turks, as well as the rise of men of diverse backgrounds, promoted under his patronage. Militarily, Barjawan was successful in restoring order to the Fatimids' restive Levantine and Libyan provinces, and set the stage for an enduring truce with the Byzantine Empire. The concentration of power in his hands and his overbearing attitude alienated al-Hakim, however, who ordered him assassinated and thereafter assumed the governance of the caliphate himself.
Biography
Origin and rise to power
Barjawan's origin is obscure: in his biographical dictionary, Ibn Khallikan records him as a Black African (aswad al-lawn), whereas the historians Ibn al-Qalanisi and al-Maqrizi assert that he was white (abyaḍ al-lawn), with al-Maqrizi further specifying that he was either a Sicilian (Siqillī) or a Slav (Saqlabī), as both versions appear in the manuscripts of his work. A eunuch, he was brought up as a slave in the court of Caliph al-Aziz Billah (r. 975–996), under whom he became court intendant. Already before the death of al-Aziz, Barjawan was appointed tutor of the Caliph's son and heir Mansur, the future al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, whence he is also mentioned with the title of ustādh, "master", often borne by eunuch preceptors of princes. In 996, Bajarwan accompanied his charge to Bilbays, where al-Aziz, in the midst of preparing an expedition against the Byzantine Empire, had fallen ill and was approaching death. According to the chroniclers, upon al-Aziz's death, Bajarwan rushed to find his pupil. Finding him playing in a tree, he placed a jewelled turban on his head, and kissed the ground before him while saluting him as "Commander of the Faithful".
After al-Aziz died, the Kutama Berbers, Shia Muslim soldiers who had traditionally provided the mainstay of the Fatimid armies but had begun to be eclipsed by other groups—chiefly the Turkish and Daylamite mercenaries from the Islamic East or Mashāriqa ("Easterners")—used the opportunity presented by the accession of the underage al-Hakim to demand they be given control of the government. Al-Aziz's Christian vizier Isa ibn Nasturus was dismissed (and executed shortly after) and replaced by the veteran commander al-Hasan ibn Ammar, with the title of wāsiṭa ("intermediary") rather than full vizier (wazīr).
Ibn Ammar immediately began staffing the government with Shia Berbers, who engaged in a virtual pillaging of the state coffers. The Berbers' attempts to exclude the other interest groups from power—not only the Turkic and the other many ethnic contingents of the army, but also the civilian bureaucracy, whose salary was cut—alienated not only the Mashāriqa, but alarmed Barjawan, who furthermore nurtured ambitions of his own. Barjawan contacted the Fatimid governor of Damascus, the Turk Manjutakin, and invited him to march onto Egypt and depose Ibn Ammar. Manjutakin accepted, but was defeated by Ibn Ammar's troops under Sulayman ibn Ja'far ibn Falah at Ascalon and taken prisoner. Barjawan however soon found a new ally, in the person of the Kutama leader Jaysh ibn al-Samsama, governor of Tripoli, whom Ibn Falah dismissed and replaced with his own brother. Jaysh and Barjawan gathered a following of other dissatisfied Berber leaders, and launched an uprising in Cairo. Ibn Ammar was forced to flee, and Barjawan replaced him as wāsiṭa on 4 October 997.
Government of Egypt and death
During his ascendancy, Barjawan tried to balance the two factions and restore the equilibrium that had existed under al-Aziz. Thus he reversed the blatant partisanship of Ibn Ammar and fulfilled the demands of the Mashāriqa for positions and patronage, while taking care to placate the Kutama as well. In this vein, he pardoned Ibn Ammar and restored him his monthly salary of 500 gold dinars, and appointed Jaysh ibn al-Samsama to the governorship of Damascus. Nevertheless, his rise to power marked the definitive decline of Kutama power in the Fatimid state. At the same time, Barjawan chose fellow palace eunuchs to fill many of the highest positions in the capital and the provinces, and created a considerable network of patronage by promoting people from various origins to office. As his chief administrator, he selected a Christian, Fahd ibn Ibrahim.
At the time of Barjawan's rise to power, the Levantine provinces were in a state of unrest. Tyre had risen in revolt under the sailor Allaqa, the Bedouin chieftain Mufarrij ibn Daghfal ibn al-Jarrah tried to capture Ramlah, and there was an ongoing conflict with the Byzantine Empire over control of the Hamdanid emirate of Aleppo in northern Syria. Led by Jaysh ibn al-Samsama, the Fatimids were successful in suppressing the rebellion at Tyre in June 998, although the inhabitants had called upon the Byzantine fleet for help, and subduing Mufarrij and his Bedouin. Jaysh then marched to the relief of Apamea, which was being besieged by the Byzantine doux of Antioch, Damian Dalassenos. In the ensuing battle, the Fatimids secured a major victory, and Dalassenos fell. Dalassenos' defeat forced Emperor Basil II to personally lead a campaign to Syria the following year, pillaging the region of Homs, Beirut, and Tripoli, although he failed to capture the latter. Both empires were not interested in pursuing warfare in the region further, however, and through the mediation of the Patriarch of Jerusalem, a truce was concluded in 1001 that confirmed the status quo and ushered a long period of peaceful, if not always untroubled, relations between the two major powers of the Eastern Mediterranean. Bajarwan was also successful in quelling unrest in Barqa and restoring Fatimid control over Tripoli (in modern Libya). Barjawan installed eunuch governors over both cities, but the capture of Tripoli proved short-lived and had unintended consequences, as the Fatimid troops confronted the Sanhaja Berbers over its control. This strained relations with the Zirids, who had been entrusted with the Fatimids' old heartland of Ifriqiya and the Maghreb when the caliphs moved to Egypt, and contributed to the Zirids' gradual drift away from the Fatimid allegiance.
Barjawan made the mistake of continuing to think of al-Hakim as his pupil, treating him in a high-handed manner and even daring to restrict his riding and the gifts he distributed. The troubled relationship was not helped when al-Hakim, as al-Nuwayri reports, learned that Barjawan referred to him as "the lizard". As a result, al-Hakim developed a fierce hatred of his over-powerful minister, encouraged by another court eunuch, Abu'l-Fadl Raydan al-Saqlabi, who pointed out the danger of Barjawan becoming a second Kafur, the slave who had become the de facto ruler of Ikhshidid Egypt after the death of the dynasty's founder, Muhammad ibn Tughj al-Ikhshid. Thus on the night of 16/17 Rabi' II 390 AH (25 March 1000 in the Gregorian calendar), Raydan stabbed Barjawan in the belly with a knife at al-Hakim's orders. The murder provoked unease among the elites and the populace alike, who feared that the equilibrium established by Barjawan would be upset. Al-Hakim however was able to quiet their fears and consolidate his authority by appearing before the armed crowds above the gates of the palace, justifying his action as being well within his rights as caliph and denouncing Barjawan as plotting against him, while appealing to the people to assist him in his youth and inexperience. Al-Hakim now assumed the reins of government himself, although he took care to ensure continuity by keeping on Fahd ibn Ibrahim as head of the bureaucracy. Nevertheless, throughout his reign, the Caliph sought to limit the power of his viziers, and changed them frequently; he furthermore did not hesitate to launch purges of the high officialdom, to which several important officials fell victim. As Farhad Daftary writes, Barjawan was merely the first in a "long list of wazīrs, wāsiṭas, commanders and other dignitaries" who lost their lives at al-Hakim's orders.
Barjawan was known as "a man of taste and a lover of the pleasures of this world" (B. Lewis)—on his death, according to Ibn Khallikan, his wardrobe "contained one thousand Dabiq trousers, one thousand silk tikkas [waistbands], and an immense quantity of clothes, furniture, musical instruments, books and curiosities". He was a patron of musicians and poets, who frequented his home. A street in Cairo was named after him and still bore it in the 13th century.
References
Sources
1000 deaths
Shia Muslims
Eunuchs of the Fatimid Caliphate
Viziers of the Fatimid Caliphate
Assassinated heads of government
10th-century people of the Fatimid Caliphate
Michael Benedikt (May 26, 1935 – February 9, 2007) was an American poet, editor, and literary critic.
Biography
Michael Benedikt was born in 1935 in New York City. He received his B.A. from New York University and earned a master's degree in English & Comparative Literature from Columbia University.
Prior to publishing his first collection of poetry, Benedikt co-edited three anthologies of 20th-Century Poetic Theatre from abroad. His anthology of twentieth-century American plays was issued in 1968. He was also the editor of two landmark anthologies of twentieth-century poetry: The Poetry of Surrealism in 1974; and The Prose Poem: An International Anthology in 1976. Benedikt was Poetry Editor for The Paris Review from 1975 to 1978. His editorial selections are represented in The Paris Review Anthology in 1990. Occasionally active as a critic/journalist, he is also a former Associate Editor of Art News and Art International. His literary criticism has appeared in Poetry and The American Book Review.
Poems as yet uncollected in book form have appeared in the 1990s in such literary magazines as Agni, Iowa Review, Michigan Quarterly Review, The New Republic, The Paris Review, and Partisan Review. Early work appeared in the avant garde little magazine Nomad at the beginning of the 1960s. His honors include a New York State Council for The Arts Grant, a Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship, and an NEA Fellowship. He has taught at Bennington, Sarah Lawrence, Vassar, Hampshire Colleges, and at Boston University.
Work
Poetry
Time is a Toy: The Selected Poems of Michael Benedikt (University of Akron Press, 2014)
The Badminton at Great Barrington; or, Gustave Mahler & The Chattanooga Choo-Choo (University of Pittsburgh Press, 1980)
Night Cries (prose poems, 1976)
Mole Notes (prose poems, 1971)
Sky (1970)
The Body (1968)
Anthologies
Modern French Theatre: The Avant-Garde, Dada, & Surrealism (1964, co-edited with George E. Wellwarth)
Post-War German Theater (1967)
Theatre Experiment; An Anthology of American Plays (1968)
Modern Spanish Theater (1969, co-edited with George E. Wellwarth)
The Poetry of Surrealism (1974)
The Prose Poem: An International Anthology (1976)
References
External links
Poets.org Profile
Michael Benedikt Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Michael Benedikt Collection at the Harry Ransom Center
Poets from New York (state)
1935 births
2007 deaths
American literary critics
Columbia University alumni
New York University alumni
20th-century American educators
20th-century American poets
Journalists from New York City
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Taxi positional awareness (abbreviated TPA) is an electronic map used by aircraft whilst taxiing. An example is the Electronic flight bag (EFB) produced by Boeing and Jeppesen.
References
Air traffic control
Geographical technology
American Health may refer to:
American Health (magazine), a defunct magazine
American Health (company), a manufacturer of nutritional supplements
Mashpee Wampanoag Indian Museum is a cultural center in the town of Mashpee in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. The town of Mashpee is the location of the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, one of the two federally recognized representative bodies of the Wampanoag people. The museum ground itself is well known for the Avant House as well as hosting the Mill Pond Herring Ladder, a Fish ladder on the Mashpee River. The museum was established in 1997 through a town meeting vote. Since 1999 the site has been listed under the National Register of Historic Places.
References
External links
Mashpee Wampanoag Indian Museum - official website
Museums in Barnstable County, Massachusetts
Native American museums in Massachusetts
Wampanoag tribe
Italian submarine Ambra was a built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina) during the 1930s. She was named after the gemstone amber.
Design and description
The Perla-class submarines were essentially repeats of the preceding . The modifications that were made compared to the boats of the previous series were mostly of upgrade nature. Among them were enlargement of the false tower at the top, more modern engines, installation of a radiogoniometer that could be controlled from inside the ship. Improvements and the installation of new air conditioning equipment meant a slight increase in displacement, and increase in the fuel stowage also increased the autonomy of these boats compared to the previous series. Their designed full load displacement was surfaced and submerged, but varied somewhat depending on the boat and the builder. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of to .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft with overall power of . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Perla class had a range of at , submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern. One reload torpedo was carried for each tube, for a total of twelve. They were also armed with one deck gun for combat on the surface. The light anti-aircraft armament consisted of one or two pairs of machine guns.
Construction and career
Ambra was built by OTO at their shipyard in Muggiano, laid on 28 August 1935, launched on 28 May 1936 and completed on 4 August 1936.
Prewar (1936-1940)
After delivery, Ambra was assigned to the 34th Squadron (III Submarine group) based at Messina. She was commanded by captain Cesare Corrado. After a brief training, in 1937 she carried out a long endurance cruise in the Dodecanese, and the Mediterranean visiting the North African ports in Libya.
During the Spanish Civil War she was sent on a secret mission to patrol off Alicante on August 29, 1937. During the mission she attempted to attack a ship, but aborted it, failing to identify nationality of the target. She returned to base on September 6, 1937, finishing her mission.
During 1938–1940 Ambra conducted several long training patrols in the Mediterranean, especially around Tobruk.
In 1940 Ambra returned to Italy, and was assigned together with and to the 47th Squadron (IV Submarine Group) at Taranto.
1940-1942
In the first months of the war, Ambra was mostly employed in defensive missions in the Gulf of Taranto and patrols off Alexandria. For example, in August 1940 carried out five defensive patrols in the Gulf of Taranto.
On September 23, 1940, she was deployed south of Crete along with and . On September 28, 1940, she attempted unsuccessfully to intercept a British convoy, part of Operation "MB5".
December 12–21, 1940, Ambra patrolled southwest of Corfu along with with the goal of protecting traffic between Italy and Albania. In the early hours of December 16, 1940 Ambra was detected by two British anti-submarine ships. They continued hunting for twelve hours, but in the end Ambra was able to evade their attacks without taking any damage.
December 31, 1940 – January 12, 1941 Ambra was deployed on patrol in the Strait of Otranto along with and to protect traffic between Italy and Albania.
On January 19, 1941, captain Mario Arillo was appointed the new commander of Ambra.
On March 5, 1941, she was deployed along with ten other submarines off Crete to search for British convoys on the route Alexandria to Piraeus. These convoys were a part of Operation "Lustre", an attempt by the British to bring in 58,000 men from Egypt to Greece in anticipation of the German invasion. Ambra failed to detect any enemy ships.
On March 22, 1941, Ambra together with and was sent to patrol along Alexandria – Cape Krio line and arrived in her assigned area on March 24, 1941. The submarines deployed as a defensive screen for the Operation "Gaudo", an anticipated sortie by the Italian fleet into the Aegean which would end with a catastrophic Italian defeat in the Battle of Cape Matapan. On March 27, 1941, Ambra discovered that her hydrophones did not work. At 2:37 on March 31, 1941,
she sighted a large escorted ship moving at an estimated speed of 10 knots. At 2:44 she launched three torpedoes at the target and remained on the surface to observe the results. Two torpedoes hit the ship in the middle, and Arillo, in the dark, assumed he had torpedoed a large tanker. The ship hit was actually British light cruiser escorting convoy GA8 from Greece to Alexandria along with destroyers , and . Hit in both of her engine rooms Bonaventure quickly sank within five or six minutes in the position with 139 casualties and 310 survivors. After observing the success of her attack, Ambra moved away. While Hereward was rescuing the survivors, Stuart, who was missed by the third torpedo, detected Ambra with ASDIC and commenced a series of depth charge attacks against the submarine. Hereward soon joined in, and attacks lasted for several hours until approximately 6:30. The submarine suffered damage to a variety of her equipment, including both gyroscopic and magnetic compasses. Once the escorts moved away, Ambra surfaced and using Celestial Navigation made her way back to Augusta. Captain Arillo received the Silver Medal of Military Valor for his performance during this patrol.
On May 1, 1941, she sailed from Augusta to patrol an area outside of Alexandria. On May 5, 1941, due to a leak in one of the torpedo tubes, Commander Arillo decided to abort the mission. On May 7 Ambra returned to the base. Arillo was criticized by his superiors because they believed the failure was not severe enough to justify an early return.
During May 12–20, 1941, she patrolled southeast of Malta.
On September 23–24, 1941, she performed an anti-submarine patrol in the Strait of Messina together with .
On October 3, 1941, she left from Augusta to patrol off Cape Zebib on the news of the suspected British moves towards the Strait of Sicily. On October 4, 1941, Ambra was called back to the base since the British threat never materialized. On the way back to Messina one of her engines failed.
SLC Conversion
Following the request of Captain Junio Valerio Borghese, new commander of Decima Flottiglia MAS, Ambra was transferred to that division to be converted to a SLC(Siluro a Lunga Corsa which means long running torpedo) submarine in addition to already operating . Captain Arillo was retained as Ambras commander. During the conversion, three SLC units were fitted onto the boat on her deck, two placed side by side in the aft, and one on her bow, the submarine's deck gun was also removed to accommodate SLC units and the tower was modified to better adapt for the new role. With a weight of 2.8 tons, these SLC cylinders were able to withstand depths up to 90 meters.
During April 11–19, 1942, Ambra performed a training mission off the western coast of Sardinia following the completion of the conversion procedure.
On April 29, 1942, Ambra left La Spezia to conduct an operation against the naval base at Alexandria. After reviewing the aerophotographs of the port of Alexandria it was realized that the British battleships and were severely damaged by the SLC attack on December 18, but not sunk. It was therefore decided to launch a new SLC attack against Alexandria: the designated targets were and the submarine depot ship .
On May 5, 1942, Ambra arrived at Leros and embarked SLC and their crews. On May 9 (or 12) 1942 Ambra left Leros to her designated area where she arrived in the evening of May 14, 1942, in view of Alexandria's harbor. At 20:50 three SLCs were released and headed for the port. However, due to existing currents, Ambra drifted while the preparation were under way, and released SLC units in the wrong place. As a result, SLC units wandered along the coast looking for port access, and couldn't locate it. Running out of fuel or due to malfunctions, all three SLC units sank, and the mission was a complete failure. Meanwhile, at 21:05 Ambra left the area and headed back to the base. On May 24, 1942, she reached La Spezia. This was the last operation against Alexandria not only because of the failure, but also because following the Italian-German advance in Egypt, most Mediterranean Fleet ships were transferred to Palestine or to the Red Sea.
Following defeat in the Second Battle of El Alamein and Operation Torch, the German-Italian position in North Africa became untenable. With Algeria switching sides from Vichy to Free France side, Allies gain a valuable port in Algiers. Decima Flottiglia MAS was ordered to organize a raid on the harbor of Algiers since it was teeming with all possible kind of vessels.
Ambra sailed from La Spezia in the early afternoon of December 4, 1942. She reached the coast of Algeria in the evening of December 7, but adverse weather conditions forced her to remain inactive for several days. Finally, on December 11 the weather improved and Ambra started approaching Algiers. Due to strong aircraft presence, an approach had to be made at a great depth. Captain Arillo managed to penetrate the harbor by moving close to the bottom, and at 19:40 he reached the harbor at the depth of 18 meters. However, upon examining the surroundings no ships were spotted, and Ambra was forced to resume her approach continuing crawling on the bottom of the bay. Eventually, at 21:45, the submarine arrived near the coast and stopped in the middle of a group of six merchant ships. In view of the delay, it was decided to send SLC units against them. Between 22:50 and 23:20 units were sent out, charges were loaded and they all went off as expected. SS Ocean Vanquisher (7174 GRT) SS Berto (1493 GRT) were sunk, while SS Empire Centaur (7041 GRT) and SS Harmattan (4558 GRT) were seriously damaged. At 2:54, Arillo decided to leave before his submarine was found and destroyed. Ambra again had to crawl out of the harbor and she finally managed to reach the open sea. She surfaced at 19:45 on December 12, after spending 36 hours underwater. After three more days at sea, she arrived in La Spezia on December 15. For the operation in Algiers commander Arillo was awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor.
In March 1943 while stationed in La Spezia, Ambra was damaged by an overnight air raid.
After the start of Allied invasion of Sicily on July 10, 1943 Ambra was assigned her last task. She was to enter the harbor of Siracusa and destroy as many ships as possible. The submarine had a new commander, as captain Renato Ferrini, a former commander of was appointed prior to the mission. On July 14, 1943, Ambra departed from La Spezia and at night of July 17 arrived close to the Sicilian port. However, after the submarine surfaced at 3:20 on July 18 in the position , Ambra was detected by a British Vickers Wellington bomber of the No. 221 Squadron RAF, piloted by Petty Officer Austin. The Wellington went on the attack, dropping six depth charges. Ambra was not hit directly, but several near misses caused extensive damage. Ambra remained immobilized for half an hour, then the crew succeeded in starting her diesel engines and the submarine started her trip back to Messina where she arrived on July 19. From there she was towed by torpedo boat to Naples. After temporary repairs in Naples Ambra went to La Spezia, where she arrived on July 27.
The submarine spent the next month and a half undergoing repair work, which was not finished when the Armistice was announced on September 8, 1943. Ambra was scuttled in La Spezia on September 9, 1943. Later refloated by the Germans she was again sunk in Genoa during an air raid by 144 B-17 Flying Fortresses of the 449th and 450th Group of the 15th Air Force on September 4, 1944.
Notes
References
External links
Coastal submarines: Perla class
Sommergibili Marina Militare website
Perla-class submarines
World War II submarines of Italy
Lost submarines of Italy
Maritime incidents in September 1944
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
1936 ships
Ships built by OTO Melara
Ships built in La Spezia
Submarines sunk by aircraft
Ships sunk by US aircraft
The Sogdian-language Manichaean letter is a Sogdian letter written by Shahryâr Zâdag to Mu Wei (bishop, leader) of the Eastern Diocese, found in Xinjiang Baziklik Thousand-Buddha Caves, selected National Precious Ancient Books. Now in the collection of Turpan Museum, number "81 TB 65:01".
Introduction
In the summer of 1981, local archaeologists in Xinjiang were on a stupa when the sand and soil collapsed in Cave No. 65 of the Baziklik Thousand-Buddha Caves in the summer of 1981.
The letter is composed of nine pieces of paper glued together, all written in Sogdian. There is a vermilion seal on the paper adhesion and the bottom line, and there is an illustration in the middle of the upper line, depicting a pair of beautifully dressed figures wearing a scarf and crown, one blue and one green halo. Between the gods of music and music, there is a Sogdian "Glory of Mucha" with gold leaf which has become the most eye-catching and unique symbol of the letter.
Above the golden halo is a white hat crown exclusively for the Elect. The crown is placed on a gold plate, which is placed on a red shawl floating in the air. There is a circular pool below the title, in which the fragrant flowers are in full bloom, and the flower core just holds up the two gods. The illustration is still brightly colored, and the entire letter glows with the gorgeous colors of red, blue, gold, green, and purple.
According to the Japanese linguist Yutaka Yoshida, two of the letters were written to a bishop and one is greetings and religious expressions aimed at the Manichaean lay community.
See also
Veneration of the Tree of Life
Manichaean art#Illuminated Manuscripts
Dunhuang Manichaean texts
Manichaean temple banner MIK III 6286
References
Manichaean texts
Manichaean art of East Central Asia
Sogdian language
Turpan
Kim Young-jun (born 23 February 1980) is a former South Korean tennis player.
Kim has a career high ATP singles ranking of 255 achieved on 5 July 2010. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 558 achieved on 26 May 2003.
Kim has 1 ATP Challenger Tour title at the 2003 Busan Open.
External links
1980 births
Living people
South Korean male tennis players
Universiade medalists in tennis
Tennis players at the 2010 Asian Games
Universiade bronze medalists for South Korea
Asian Games competitors for South Korea
Medalists at the 2003 Summer Universiade
Dzierżkowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south-east of Ruja, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
From Mexico with Love is a 2009 American action-drama film directed by Jimmy Nickerson and stars Kuno Becker, Steven Bauer, Danay Garcia, Bruce McGill, and Stephen Lang.
Plot
Hector Villa is a young Mexican national and border-crossing migrant and worker with boxing abilities mirroring his late father's. He could perhaps be good if he learned to think along with his pummeling. Despite all of this, Hector is a hard worker on a Texas farm who does what he can to provide for his ailing mother which includes pulling in a few side dollars from small-time, illegal gambling fights.
Tito, a "coyote" (a person who helps smuggle people across the border) spends his days as a snake catcher but at night, helps smuggle immigrants across the border. After winning a fight in a local mechanic's garage, Hector tries to get another fight but the entertainment is interrupted by Tito who scolds both Hector and the owner due to the fact that Tito could get into more trouble for illegal gambling fights as if smuggling illegals across the border isn't enough.
Corralled, Hector goes to change but is followed in by another illegal; Maria. It soon becomes known that they grew up together as kids and it also becomes apparent that Hector dislikes her (mostly because of her sarcastic teasing). Tito hands Hector medicine for his mother and the three head back to the farm where they all work. After settling all of the immigrants in, Maria goes into her own suite with Hector and makes herself at home despite Hector being less than welcoming. Hector then goes to his mother Rosa to give her the medicine but it becomes apparent that she is getting worse. Hector begs her to not go out to the fields the next day but she declines stating "No work, no pay". She scolds Hector for fighting to make money and reminds him that a fighter's lifestyle gave his father nothing. Maria walks in and gets reacquainted with Hector's mother who comments on how much she has grown and how beautiful she has gotten after nine years apart.
After a hard day work, Maria is stopped and charmed by the farm owner's cocky and pugilist son Robert while Hector looks on with uncertainty. While taking a walk around the ranch, Hector and Maria happen upon Robert's training session where he is sparring. Hector comments to Maria while although Robert is very good, he has trouble with his balance. Overheard, Robert takes it as an insult. However, Robert's trainer, the alcoholic Billy Jenks agrees with Hector. Still feeling slighted, Robert challenges Hector on the spot. After getting outfitted, Hector and Robert spar but it quickly gets out of hand and has to be broken up by Billy. "Big Al" Stevens, the racist and brutish farm owner and Robert's father shows up and yells at Billy for letting Hector in the ring despite Tito and Billy saying that Hector shows promising talent. Al has none of it, and is firm in his wanting Robert to become a champion by any means necessary. Billy finds steroids in Robert's training bag and when Al reacts indifferently to it, Billy quits finally fed up.
A few days later, Robert shows up with Maria to Hector's suite and offers him money for the sparring session the other day stating he earned it. Hector refuses it stating he doesn't accept charity. When Robert leaves, Maria yells at Hector for being so prideful to which Hector responds that people like Robert play games and that as workers, they are nothing more than playthings. Furious, Maria storms away.
The next day on payday, the supervisors rant on how short the crop pickings are and begin to slash the worker's pay by bucket instead of by day as agreed upon previously. When Hector's mother's work is inspected, the supervisor's out of spite give her less than half day's work. When Hector argues with them, all the supervisors do is insult him. Enraged, Hector fights with the supervisors and beats them down (and unintentionally hits Tito when he tries to stop him). Robert walks in and subdues Hector and Al kicks Hector off the farm warning him that if he tries to come back, he will deport everyone.
Driven to the border and dumped off in a porta potty, Hector fumes all the way to a boxing gym where he sees Billy Jenks. He pleads with Billy to train him. It becomes apparent that Billy was the one who trained Hector's father and angrily refuses stating that although Hector's father was a decent man, he was stubborn, had a bad temper, wouldn't listen or train and believed that Hector would be no better. Hector leaves to go see Tito at the border while he is smuggling other immigrants to apologize. He implores Tito to look after his mother while he is gone.
Hector's persistence to get Billy to train him finally pays off but under the condition that he follow all of Billy's rules and guidelines. In the meantime, Robert continues to pursue and charm Maria. Robert invites Maria to a party later in the night and she attends despite warnings from Tito and her friend. Maria impresses everyone with her dancing and is guided into a corner with Robert who kisses her. But when Robert takes it further, Maria stops him. Irritated Robert leaves her believing that Hector has something to do with her hesitance and allows her to be picked on by the other guests. Maria leaves the party feeling humiliated.
Meanwhile, Hector tells Billy he wants to fight Robert. Billy trains Hector into using his brains as well as his fists stating that Hector uses to much anger in a fight disabling him from thinking clearly and leaving himself vulnerable. Hector trains in all sorts of unorthodox methods of boxing and becomes better with each session. However, Tito comes to get Hector as his mother is dying. Hector arrives in time to comfort his mother as she dies and takes her coffin back to Mexico to bury her. Afterwards, Maria comes to the gym to talk to Hector and tells him that she understands now what he meant earlier about being played for a game. She pleads with Hector not to fight Robert but he remains committed. Tito comes to Billy and offers a proposition where he bets heavy on Hector and getting every worker to put money on him for the fight against Robert and goes and does the same with Al who readily agrees to the fight and the terms as he needs the money to keep the farm from failing (insect damage to the crops).
On fight day, Tito needs to smuggle Hector, Maria, and a friend across the border but are nearly caught. Tito wards away the border patrol by comically telling them an embarrassing story about one of the agents who forget to check the van and leaves. Before the fight, Hector kisses Maria passionately. Meanwhile, Robert refuses to take steroids believing he doesn't need them against Hector and Al reminds him that the fate of the farm depends on him. Hector shares a touching moment with Billy who tells Hector that his father was a great fighter and a great man just like Hector.
As the fight begins, it becomes apparent that Hector is outclassed by Robert who is 30 pounds heavier and much more experienced getting knocked down several times. However, with Billy's strategy, Hector holds his own against Robert and ferociously fights back. In the last round, both fighters are battered but Hector beats on Robert until he makes him throw up and knocks him out. At the end of the fight, as everyone comes up to congratulate Hector, he tells Maria he loves her to which she responds the same way. Al, defeated, asks what Tito intends to do with all the money he and the workers had won to which Tito replies that they are "going home".
The movie ends with Hector living happily with Maria in Mexico on a ranch which he named after his mother with Tito and all the other workers.
Cast
Kuno Becker as Hector Villa
Steven Bauer as Tito
Danay Garcia as Maria
Bruce McGill as Billy Jenks
Stephen Lang as Big Al Stevens
Alex Nesic as Robert Stevens
Michael Klesic as The Accountant
Angélica Aragón as Rosa Villa
Henry Kingi as Georgie
Ron Yuan as Joe Scar
Juan Gabriel Pareja as Chucho
Gene LeBell as himself
Reception
From Mexico with Love received mixed reviews from critics. Joe Leydon of Variety called the film "An inaptly titled and thoroughly predictable indie drama", whereas Marc Savlov from The Austin Chronicle said "This up-from-the-fields slice of Tejano pride is a punchy, melodramatic piece of tried-and-true Americana that mixes cultures (and film genres) with an eye toward knocking down borders both cultural and contemporary."
References
External links
2009 films
2009 action drama films
American action drama films
American boxing films
Films set in Mexico
Films set in Texas
Films shot in San Antonio
Films scored by John Frizzell (composer)
American independent films
Lionsgate films
Roadside Attractions films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The 1898 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1898 Western Conference football season. Led by third-year head coach Philip King, the Badgers compiled an overall record of 9–1 with a mark of 2–1 in conference play, placing third in the Western Conference. The team's captain was Pat O'Dea.
Schedule
References
Wisconsin
Wisconsin Badgers football seasons
Wisconsin Badgers football
The British Syrian Society is an association set up to promote relations between the government of Syria and the United Kingdom. It was established in 2003 by Fawaz Akhras, father-in-law of Bashar al-Assad. Its current directors include Akhras, Lord Asquith, Lord Green, Major-General John Holmes, and Peter Ford, former British ambassador to Syria.
As part of its lobbying work, the Society has over the years hosted visits to Syria by several Members of Parliament. Several of these subsequently voted against the Cameron–Clegg coalition government in 2013 on the issue of British military intervention in the Syrian civil war including Richard Shepherd, Crispin Blunt, and David T. C. Davies.
In September 2011, the HSBC bank said it would no longer represent the Society.
Its co-chair Sir Andrew Green, a former British ambassador to Syria, resigned after emails showed Dr Akhras had advised Assad on how to rebut evidence of civilians apparently being tortured. Dr Akhras had used a private email channel to the Syrian leader to offer advice on how the Syrian government should handle criticism of its suppression of the opposition uprising, including how to counter video footage appearing to show the torture of children.
Other resignations included the society's treasurer, Brian Constant, and Sir Gavyn Farr Arthur, a former Lord Mayor of London.
In 2016, the BSS organised an international conference in Damascus, described by the Council for Arab-British Understanding as a Syrian government “PR exercise”. Speakers included Bouthaina Shaaban, Ali Haidar and Fares Shehabi.
See also
Premiership of David Cameron#Syria
William Hague#Syria
References
External links
British Syrian Society
Syria–United Kingdom relations
Organizations established in 2003
International friendship associations
The Braille pattern dots-136 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top left and both bottom dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top left and both lower-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2825, and in Braille ASCII with U.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-136 is used to represent a close back vowel, such as /u/ or /ɯ/ or otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-136 are Braille patterns 1367, 1368, and 13678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 278, 1278, 2478, and 12478 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-136, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0136, 1367, and 01367 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 278, 1278, 2478, or 12478
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-136 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 走
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 6 + は/辶 = 尚
- は/辶 + selector 1 = 延
- は/辶 + selector 1 + selector 1 = 廴
- は/辶 + selector 2 = 支
- は/辶 + selector 3 = 遊
- は/辶 + selector 4 = 赱
- 比 + は/辶 = 母
- selector 1 + 比 + は/辶 = 毋
Compounds of 走 and 辶
- ゆ/彳 + は/辶 = 徒
- は/辶 + と/戸 = 赴
- は/辶 + き/木 = 起
- は/辶 + ぬ/力 = 超
- は/辶 + ひ/辶 = 越
- は/辶 + ゑ/訁 = 趣
- は/辶 + す/発 = 趨
- は/辶 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 赳
- は/辶 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 趁
- は/辶 + そ/馬 + ⺼ = 趙
- み/耳 + 宿 + は/辶 = 跿
- は/辶 + か/金 = 巡
- は/辶 + や/疒 = 辿
- は/辶 + ろ/十 = 迅
- は/辶 + け/犬 = 迭
- は/辶 + に/氵 = 述
- は/辶 + そ/馬 = 逐
- は/辶 + つ/土 = 通
- き/木 + は/辶 + つ/土 = 樋
- は/辶 + く/艹 = 造
- る/忄 + は/辶 + く/艹 = 慥
- は/辶 + 宿 = 逸
- は/辶 + む/車 = 運
- は/辶 + ら/月 = 遣
- え/訁 + は/辶 + ら/月 = 譴
- か/金 + は/辶 + ら/月 = 鑓
- は/辶 + さ/阝 = 遷
- と/戸 + は/辶 + さ/阝 = 韆
- は/辶 + ま/石 = 邁
- は/辶 + 宿 + か/金 = 迂
Compounds of 尚
- 氷/氵 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 敞
- よ/广 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 廠
- に/氵 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 淌
Compounds of 延 and 廴
- え/訁 + は/辶 = 誕
- か/金 + は/辶 = 鍵
- て/扌 + は/辶 + へ/⺩ = 挺
- き/木 + は/辶 + へ/⺩ = 梃
- ち/竹 + は/辶 + へ/⺩ = 霆
- は/辶 + む/車 + selector 1 = 蜑
- に/氵 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 涎
- ち/竹 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 筵
- く/艹 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 莚
- む/車 + は/辶 + selector 1 = 蜒
- は/辶 + へ/⺩ = 廷
- は/辶 + ふ/女 = 建
- ⺼ + は/辶 + ふ/女 = 腱
- は/辶 + れ/口 = 廻
- は/辶 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 廸
- は/辶 + 比 + に/氵 = 廼
Compounds of 支
- ふ/女 + は/辶 = 妓
- や/疒 + は/辶 = 岐
- て/扌 + は/辶 = 技
- き/木 + は/辶 = 枝
- と/戸 + は/辶 = 鼓
- め/目 + は/辶 = 瞽
- と/戸 + と/戸 + は/辶 = 皷
- ⺼ + は/辶 = 肢
- み/耳 + は/辶 + selector 2 = 跂
- な/亻 + 宿 + は/辶 = 伎
- と/戸 + 宿 + は/辶 = 屐
- は/辶 + 比 + え/訁 = 敲
- は/辶 + む/車 + selector 2 = 翅
Compounds of 遊
- に/氵 + は/辶 + selector 3 = 游
- む/車 + は/辶 + selector 3 = 蝣
Compounds of 母 and 毋
- 龸 + は/辶 = 毎
- な/亻 + は/辶 = 侮
- る/忄 + は/辶 = 悔
- 日 + は/辶 = 晦
- 心 + は/辶 = 梅
- に/氵 + は/辶 = 海
- つ/土 + に/氵 + は/辶 = 塰
- ゑ/訁 + は/辶 = 誨
- は/辶 + ゐ/幺 = 繁
- 心 + 龸 + は/辶 = 莓
- ふ/女 + 比 + は/辶 = 姆
- て/扌 + 比 + は/辶 = 拇
- 心 + 比 + は/辶 = 栂
- へ/⺩ + は/辶 = 毒
- ゐ/幺 + へ/⺩ + は/辶 = 纛
- ね/示 + 比 + は/辶 = 袰
- う/宀/#3 + う/宀/#3 + は/辶 = 實
Other compounds
- ろ/十 + は/辶 = 半
- 仁/亻 + は/辶 = 伴
- ぬ/力 + は/辶 = 畔
- い/糹/#2 + は/辶 = 絆
- は/辶 + ね/示 = 判
- て/扌 + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 拌
- ⺼ + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 胖
- ね/示 + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 袢
- ら/月 + は/辶 = 朔
- つ/土 + は/辶 = 塑
- る/忄 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 愬
- き/木 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 槊
- に/氵 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 溯
- ひ/辶 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 遡
- ひ/辶 + は/辶 = 逆
- れ/口 + は/辶 = 只
- た/⽥ + れ/口 + は/辶 = 咫
- 心 + れ/口 + は/辶 = 枳
- う/宀/#3 + は/辶 = 実
- け/犬 + は/辶 = 犯
- を/貝 + は/辶 = 貼
- は/辶 + ん/止 = 反
- に/氵 + は/辶 + ん/止 = 汳
- 日 + は/辶 + ん/止 = 皈
- か/金 + は/辶 + ん/止 = 鈑
- は/辶 + い/糹/#2 = 拝
- は/辶 + は/辶 + い/糹/#2 = 拜
- に/氵 + は/辶 + い/糹/#2 = 湃
- て/扌 + 宿 + は/辶 = 搏
- 氷/氵 + selector 3 + は/辶 = 敝
- 日 + selector 3 + は/辶 = 暼
- 心 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 棠
- 心 + 宿 + は/辶 = 薑
- ね/示 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 裳
Notes
Braille patterns
History
The history of the St Kilda Library dates back to 1860, when the St Kilda Council received a community request to fund a free public library to be built coinciding with a building for the Mechanics' Institute. This plan did not come to fruition and instead by 1863 a book collection was housed in the old Town Hall located at the junction of Barkly and Acland Streets in St Kilda and then in 1910 in the current Town Hall in Carlisle Street. The library did not survive and was forced to close within the year.
In the 1930s local communists advocated for a Municipal Library - as well as Home-Help - but the Council was very anti-communist at the time and due to their perception of the group who advocated the library, in addition to the expense, they rejected the idea of a library.
The Free Library Board proposed the creation of a library in 1947 but again it was dismissed.
In April 1953 the St Kilda Library Promotion Committee was formed with R.S. Veale as President, and Mrs Elizabeth Hogg, a teacher living in Carlisle Street, as Secretary. However, the Council once again rejected the arguments for a library, with the Town Clerk even re-iterating the reasons against it in the centenary booklet: "it would cost thousands of pounds per year to operate and, generally speaking, would provide mostly books of fiction and thus come into active competition with a large number of Lending Library businesses established in St Kilda." The Council even later introduced new arguments against the community's wishes for a library, stating that a library would encourage the reading of fiction which, in turn, would encourage juvenile delinquency.
Parents at the Nelson Street kindergarten got together and formed the St Kilda Library Establishment Committee with TAA pilot Ivan Scown as President, former librarian Jenny Love as Secretary and Angela Pedicini as Treasurer. The Committee persuaded the Council to request that the Free Library Services Board conducts a Library Survey in St Kilda. The report, presented in 1961, recommended the creation of a library but similar to the past, the St Kilda Council refused.
The Council's opposition to the library was broken when Ivan Trayling was elected as Councillor in 1967. Trayling had campaigned very vocally on the need for a library and after winning the election the Council realised the amount of community dissatisfaction on its stance against the library and decided to go ahead with its creation.
The Council set aside $50,000 in 1967 and asked Barrett Reid, the Executive Officer of the Library Services Division of the Library Council of Victoria, to revise the 1961 survey.
A library sub-committee was formed in mid 1969, which was the first St Kilda council committee to include community representatives as advisory members. Ivan Trayling headed it as Chairman, with other committee members being Cr. Hall-Kenny, Cr. Manning, Cr. Clark, Jenny Love, Reverend Brother F.I. McCarthy, Bernard Rechter and Deputy Town Clerk Bill Sisson.
Enrico Taglietti was appointed as the architect and in December 1971 he accepted a tender on behalf of the Council from the M. Notkin Construction Company of Caulfield South, for the amount of $417,000 to build the library at 150 Carlisle Street.
The library's foundation stone was laid in August 1972 by the now mayor Ivan Trayling and on 14 May 1973 Sir Rohan Delacombe, Governor of Victoria, officially opened the library, in what has since become a local landmark. Commander R.S. Veale, the original Chairman of the Library Promotion Committee, was invited on 15 May 1973 to borrow the first book and chose a biography of Wilfrid Kent-Hughes.
Between 1992 and 1994, an extension was added by Melbourne architecture firm Ashton Raggatt McDougall (ARM) which provided a new entrance wing as well as seeking to redefine the public plaza and façade of the library facing onto Carlisle Street.
Significance
Taglietti's design is described by architect and author Richard Peterson as having an “unconstrained” and “stylised” character that is “comfortably settled” in its context. In 2007, Taglietti who was born in Milan, was awarded the prestigious Gold Medal by The Royal Australian Institute of Architects (RAIA). The jury cited his “Australian architectural vision as seen through Italian eyes” making him “an outstanding architect of national significance”.
As a testament to the community's engagement, in the 2012/2013 financial year over 365,000 visitors used the St Kilda Library services.
Physical description and function
Taglietti's building houses the library, a meeting room and additional community facilities. ARM's extension provided what the firm describe as an “upgrade of existing facilities, providing additional book stacks, main desk, entry and public face”. Wedged between the busy public Carlisle Street to the South and the residential Duke Street in the North the building takes up nearly 50 square metres. The ground floor of the library is raised above street level one metre high and is accessed via a ramp through the entry wing of the ARM extension. The building also contains parking and a plant room underground, with entry via Duke Street. The library is constructed from a minimal selection of materials-concrete construction with timber detailing. The concrete is left in an exposed unfinished state, “either bush-hammered or revealing the lines of its timber board formwork”. “Untreated softwood” timber boards are used for the roof, eaves, ceiling, window frames and an internal “pyramidal roof”. Taglietti's design makes use of horizontal planes in the thick continuous ground slab and cantilevered roof above, which extend out beyond the inclined walls.
Taglietti has employed light, scale and screens to differentiate between areas of varying program in library. This is evident in the children's section where the bookshelves are reduced versions of those throughout the library and colourful lights are hung about 1.8 metres above the floor.
The building is widely considered to be of Brutalist design. Richard Peterson identifies characteristics of the building pertaining to this style as its use of unfinished timber and concrete revealing the lines of its formwork as well as the overemphasis of particular components of the building, specifically in the “deep fascias and spandrels”.
ARM describe their extension as the image of a “bluestone clad book” invoking the role of books in libraries through the symbolism of its curving bluestone form. The inclusion of an s-profiled window is the architects' reference to the emergence of electronic technology in the place of the hard copy book with its screen-like appearance.
Key influences and design approach
Similarities are noted between the Brutalist architectural style of the St Kilda library and the work of architect Le Corbusier, particularly in the expression of unfinished concrete and “oversized elements”. Peterson draws further links to architect Carlo Scarpa who shares Taglietti's Italian tradition and whose influences can be seen in “the use of natural materials and the layered platforms, which stratify the meeting of the building and its site”.
The RAIA jury panel cited the use of “long, horizontal flat roofs and balconies, sloping fascias and balustrades, and battered walls” as overriding motifs in Taglietti's work.
ARM describe their intention with the extension to be “the development of a civic space linking the Town Hall and its strong 19th Century façade with the Taglietti library across the street”.
Awards
Taglietti was awarded the 2007 Gold Medal by The Royal Australian Institute of Architects and the jury cited St Kilda Library in its list of Taglietti's “Notable public buildings”.
Ashton Raggatt McDougall received two awards for their extension from The Royal Australian Institute of Architects in 1995. They were a Commendation for Institutional Alterations and Extensions and a Commendation for Interior Architecture.
References
Libraries in Melbourne
Library
Herbert Feurer (born 14 January 1954) is a retired football goalkeeper from Austria.
Career
Born in Aspang, Feurer played professional football with 1. Wiener Neustädter SC and Rapid Wien. Feuer played 13 seasons with Rapid, winning the league (1981-82, 1982-83, 1986-87 and 1987-88) and cup four times with the club. He helped Rapid reach the final of the 1984–85 European Cup Winners' Cup. Feurer was voted Austria's football player of the year in 1980 and 1981.
He also appeared seven times for the Austria national team, featuring in the 1982 FIFA World Cup squad in Spain.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
1982 FIFA World Cup players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
SK Rapid Wien players
1. Wiener Neustädter SC players
Jeremiah "Jerry" Cruncher is a fictional character in Charles Dickens' 1859 novel A Tale of Two Cities.
Overview
Jeremiah "Jerry" Cruncher is employed as a porter for Tellson's Bank of London. He earns extra money as a resurrection man removing bodies from their graves for sale to medical schools and students as cadavers. During the story, Jerry Cruncher accompanies Jarvis Lorry and Lucie Manette to Paris to retrieve Dr. Alexandre Manette. Back in England, he helps Sydney Carton "get something" on the paid government witness and spy, John Barsad. He accompanies Lucie and Miss Pross to church the night they run into Sydney Carton and later that night Cruncher tries to unsuccessfully "resurrect" Barsad's colleague and fellow spy Roger Cly in the graveyard. Later in Paris, Jerry will remember that Cly was not in his coffin and will pass this information onto Carton who will use it to blackmail Barsad into getting Carton into the prison to rescue Charles Darnay who has been imprisoned by revolutionaries. Before leaving Paris, Cruncher will renounce grave robbing and resolve to be more gentle with his wife, toward whom he had been abusive physically and verbally.
Cinematic and theatrical portrayals
In the 1935 film adaptation, Jerry Cruncher is portrayed by Billy Bevan.
In the 1958 film adaptation, Jerry Cruncher is portrayed by Alfie Bass.
In the 1980 TV Movie A Tale of Two Cities, Jerry Cruncher is portrayed by George Innes.
In the 2008 Broadway musical adaptation of 'A Tale of Two Cities,' Jerry Cruncher was played by Craig Bennett.
External links
Character Profile of Jerry Cruncher
A Tale of Two Cities characters
Body snatching
Literary characters introduced in 1859
Fictional English people
Male characters in film
Male characters in literature
Elk Point may refer to:
Elk Point, South Dakota
Elk Point, Alberta
Zed Group is a large organisation of privately held interlocking European companies that provide mobile phone and internet entertainment, film animation and video game production. Besides the main company also named Zed, other important companies of Zed Group are Ilion Animation Studios –production company specialized in computer-generated animation feature films like Planet 51- and Pyro Studios –video game developer including "Commandos".
Zed is a multiplatform digital entertainment company based in Spain that develops and markets entertainment and community products and services for all platforms. The company provides mobile phone value-added services (MVAS) services. Zed operates in 60 countries, including Europe's largest markets, United States, India and China and holds agreements with 170 wireless operators all over the world, reaching 500 million mobiles subscribers.
Zed is characterized for its development in services in the field of interactive leisure and entertainment, in mobile phones as well as the Internet. The range of products and services of Zed are 85% internally developed and available for the following platforms: Brew, Java, Symbian, Mac and Windows.
History
The Perez Dolset family founded the company in Spain in 1996. The family launched the web portal LaNetro, whose objective was to offer interactive leisure and entertainment content accessible from any device with access to the internet.
In 2002, they decided to focus on value added services for mobile phones. Two years later, La Netro acquired a mobile phone content provider, Zed, from Nordic operator TeliaSonera. The company changed its name to LaNetro Zed and kept Zed as its brand for mobile content and services.
Four years later, in December 2006 Zed acquired Monstermob, one of its competitors based in the United Kingdom. That same year Zed acquired Alvento, a Spanish mobile phone services company.
In February 2007, Zed marketed the first web 2.0-based platform integrating mobile phones and web services. LaNetro Zed becomes Zed Worldwide. Later that year Zed grossed $100 million in revenue in a single month. In the United States Zed began to offer its content via RingToneJukeBox.com.
By early 2008 Zed Group established a joint venture with Grupo Planeta to manage the local guides LaNetro.com business. In addition, Zed acquired Netpeople in the Latin America.
In August 2008, Zed merged with two other companies founded by the Perez Dolset brothers, Pyro Studios (video game developer including Commandos) and Ilion Animation Studios (production company specialized in computer-generated animation feature films).
Besides, Zed has announced an agreement with the NBA to expand the league's mobile phone offerings reaching basketball fans throughout North America, Europe and countries in Asia. Also, Zed has acquired Mobitween, a developer and publisher of Flash-based content for mobile and online environments.
In 2009, Zed acquired Player X, British mobile media company specializing in Operators Portal Management, games and mobile TV & Video and Temafon, the exclusive content aggregator to one of the "big three" Russian operators Beeline which is closely associated with Amsterdam based VEON formerly PJSC VimpelCom. During 2009 Zed also started operations in Brazil, and holds today operations in 60 countries. Another remarkable step for the group during 2009 corresponds to sister company Ilion Animation Studios, which premiered in November Planet 51, the highest-grossing Spanish movie globally in 2009.
In July 2015 Ilion Animation Studios signed a contract with Paramount Pictures to animate Wonder Park. The film is being produced on a budget of about 100 million euros, making it the largest budget to date for any movie produced in Spain. In 2019, Zed Group sued its primary investor for market manipulation, with the case dismissed in 2021.
Products and services
The company provides mobile marketing solutions, consulting services and application development for companies and in the public sector, with these services under its business unit Zed Business Solutions.
In 2009, Zed started the Zed TV business unit. On the D2C segment, Zed owns a catalog of games for mobile phones and Internet.
in 2010 the company started a division named iZ, to apply the company's experience in videogames development to social media.
In November 2009 Zed launched Planet 51 Online, a massively multiplayer online game (MMO) available for desktops and laptops, based on the computer-generated animated movie Planet 51. The game allows players to an online virtual world populated by other film fans connected via the internet.
On 2013 Zed launched 24Symbols a Spanish platform for E-books and digital entertainment.
Notes
References
External links
Interview with Javier Perez Dolset, CEO of Zed
The reign of Spain Interview: Javier Perez Dolset – CEO Zed
MIPCOM. Industry Insight / Keynote Video Javier Pérez Dolset
Entertainment companies of Spain
Mass media companies of Spain
Video game companies of Spain
Video game producers
Companies based in Madrid
Entertainment companies established in 1996
Mass media companies established in 1996
Video game companies established in 1996
Spanish companies established in 1996
Shine Distillery and Grill is a restaurant, bar, and distillery in Portland, Oregon's Boise neighborhood, in the United States.
Description
Shine is a restaurant, bar, and distillery at the corner of Williams and Skidmore in northeast Portland, serving gin, vodka, and whiskey. The two-floor, 250-capacity venue has a family-friendly dining area and an upstairs with a patio for patrons 21 and older. Jonathan Poteet is the owner; Shannon Mosley and Julian Solomon served as master distiller and chef, as of mid 2019.
Shine is the first restaurant, distillery and food service business of its kind in Oregon. The business has also been described as a gay bar and a "queer space" by Portland Monthly and Eater Portland, respectively.
History
The restaurant opened in July 2019. Operations were scheduled to start in December 2018, but were delayed because of the 2018–2019 United States federal government shutdown.
Shine began producing hand sanitizer from alcohol for customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. The business also hosted drive-through performances by drag queens, including Bolivia Charmichaels in 2020. The series returned in 2021.
References
External links
2019 establishments in Oregon
American companies established in 2019
Boise, Portland, Oregon
Distilleries in Oregon
Food and drink companies based in Oregon
Food and drink companies established in 2019
LGBT culture in Portland, Oregon
LGBT drinking establishments in Oregon
Microdistilleries
Northeast Portland, Oregon
Restaurants in Portland, Oregon
{{Infobox person
| honorific_prefix =
| name = Roopa Farooki
| honorific_suffix = Dr Roopa Farooki MRCP MBBS MA Oxon BA Hons
| image =
| image_size =
| alt =
| caption =
| birth_name =
| birth_date = 1974
| birth_place = Lahore, Pakistan
| disappeared_date =
| disappeared_place =
| disappeared_status =
| death_date =
| death_place =
| death_cause =
| body_discovered =
| resting_place =
| resting_place_coordinates =
| monuments =
| nationality = British
| other_names =
| citizenship =
| education = Philosophy, politics and economics
| alma_mater = New College, Oxford
| occupation = Writer
| years_active =
| employer =
| agent =
| known_for =
| notable_works = Bitter SweetsCorner ShopThe Way Things Look to MeHalf LifeThe Flying ManThe Good ChildrenThe Cure for a Crime, A Double Detectives Medical MysteryDiagnosis Danger, A Double Detectives Medical MysteryEverything Is True, a junior doctor's story of life, death and grief in a time of pandemic
| style =
| net_worth =
| height =
| television =
| title =
| term =
| predecessor =
| successor =
| party =
| movement =
| opponents =
| boards =
| spouse =
| partner =
| children = 4
| parents = Nasim Ahmed Farooki Nilofar Farooki
| relatives =
| callsign =
| awards =
| signature =
| signature_alt =
| signature_size =
| website =
| footnotes =
}}
Roopa Farooki is a British novelist and medical doctor. Born in Lahore, she lives between France and Great Britain. Her first novel, Bitter Sweets, was shortlisted for the 2007 Orange Award for New Writers.
Early life and education
Farooki was born in Lahore, Pakistan, in 1974 to a Pakistani father and Bangladeshi mother, who moved to London when she was seven months old. Her father was the late Nasir Ahmad Farooki, a Pakistani novelist and a prominent figure in Pakistani literary circles in the 1960s. Roopa's father abandoned her when she was 13, later marrying a Chinese American. Her mother, Niluffer, later had a long term relationship with an English-Iraqi of Jewish descent. She had a sister, Kiron, who became a solicitor.
Despite being of both Pakistani and Bangladeshi descent, she speaks only English, because her parents were keen on assimilating into London and spoke to her in only English.
She won a scholarship to a private girls' school, but on the condition she chose arts subjects at A-Level, which frustrated her ambition to become doctor.
Roopa studied PPE at New College, Oxford University, worked in corporate finance (at Arthur Andersen) and then as an advertising account director (at Saatchi & Saatchi and JWT), before she turned to writing fiction full-time.
Once her children were at school, she borrowed books on chemistry, biology and physics from a library, studied them for three to six months, and passed the graduate entry exam for medicine. In 2019, she completed a postgraduate degree in medicine from St George's, University of London, commencing work as a junior doctor in London and Kent.
Novels
She wrote her first novel, Bitter Sweets, while pregnant with her first child, and renovating a house in SW France. Bitter Sweets was first published in the UK in 2007, and shortlisted for the Orange Award for New Writers that year. She published her second novel, Corner Shop, in 2008. Her third novel, The Way Things Look To Me, was published in 2009, and was voted one of The Times Top 50 Paperbacks of 2009, long-listed for the Orange Prize 2010, and has been long-listed for the Impac Dublin Literary Award 2011. Her fourth novel, Half Life, was published in 2010, and was selected by Entertainment Weekly (US) as No. 2 on their list of "Eighteen Books We Can't Wait to Read This Summer"; it was also nominated for the International Muslim Writers Awards 2011. Her fifth novel, The Flying Man was published in January 2012 in the UK, and has been longlisted for the Orange Prize 2012. Her sixth novel, The Good Children, was published in 2015, and was featured on BBC Radio Four Open Book. She has said this might be her final novel. Farooki has also been nominated for the Women's Prize for Fiction three times.
Farooki's novels have been published in English internationally (in the US and Canada, UK, Australia, India, Singapore) and in translation in a dozen languages across Europe.
After graduating as a Doctor, Farooki has turned from literary fiction to children's fiction featuring female BAME protagonists, with The Double Detectives Medical Mystery series at Oxford University Press. The first book, The Cure for A Crime, was published in 2020. The second book, Diagnosis Danger, came out in 2021.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, she worked in an acute medical ward. Her memoir of the first 40 days of the pandemic as a junior doctor, following the loss of her sister Kiron to breast cancer, Everything is True: a Junior Doctor's Story of Life, Death and Grief in a Time of Pandemic, was published by Bloomsbury in 2022, and headed the list of the Guardian's Book Highlights of 2022. This covered the pressures of her work and its difficult impact on her family, partly by imagined conversations with her late sister. She said she found the weekly clap for the NHS to be a performative, futile gesture. She continues to work full time as an NHS doctor, specialised in Internal Medicine, alongside her writing and lecturing.
Personal life
Farooki cites her father as an inspiration, and has written frankly about her relationship with her father and his influence on her work in the UK national press. She has also written about her experiences of eczema, relationship counselling, and fertility treatment. Her recent novels have featured characters with Asperger's syndrome, and bipolar disorder.
Before her sister, Kiron, died of cancer, she had advised Roopa to separate from her husband; advice she did not take.
She currently lives in southwest France and southeast England with her Anglo-Irish husband, and four children, twin girls, a boy and a girl. She teaches creative writing, having been a lecturer on the Masters programme in Prose Fiction at Canterbury Christ Church University and an undergraduate lecturer at the University of Kent in England. She also teaches on the Masters programme at the University of Oxford, and is the ambassador for the UK relationship counselling charity, Relate.
Acceptance
Farooki's novels have been critically well received, and she has been compared to other British female novelists, Andrea Levy, Zadie Smith, and Monica Ali. In an interview with the Metro'' in 2010, headlined, "Nationality is Not The Issue", she said she was flattered by the comparisons, but said that a key difference was that she had made a deliberate decision not to focus on cultural clash in her novels, and to write universal stories.
References
External links
http://southasianlitfest.com/speakers/
http://www.headline.co.uk/bookdetails.aspx?BookID=227803
http://www.orangeprize.co.uk/prize.html?v=180311
http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/reviews/the-good-children-by-roopa-farooki--book-review-family-saga-with-a-wicked-witch-at-its-heart-9560509.html
https://www.conted.ox.ac.uk/w800-27
Living people
British writers
Pakistani emigrants to the United Kingdom
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
1974 births
Writers from Lahore
Writers from London
Hibbertia extrorsa is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to a restricted part of the Northern Territory. It is a small, spreading shrub with hairy foliage, linear to elliptic leaves, and yellow flowers arranged in leaf axils with about thirty stamens arranged in groups around the two carpels.
Description
Hibbertia extrorsa is a spreading shrublet that typically grows to a height of with its foliage covered with rosette-like hairs. The leaves are linear to elliptic, long and wide on an indistinct petiole up to long. The flowers are arranged singly or in pairs in leaf axils on a thin peduncle long, with a lance-shaped bract long. The five sepals are joined at the base, the two outer sepal lobes long and the inner lobes slightly shorter. The five petals are wedge-shaped, yellow, long and there are about thirty stamens arranged in groups around the two, sometimes three carpels, each carpel with two or three ovules. Flowering has been observed in March and April.
Taxonomy
Hibbertia extrorsa was first formally described in 2010 by Hellmut R. Toelken in the Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens from specimens collected in 1990. The specific epithet (extrorsa) means "turned away from the centre" and refers to the curved sepal lobes.
Distribution and habitat
This hibbertia grows in sand on sandstone in woodland in a small area of Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory.
Conservation status
Goodenia extrorsa is classified as "near threatened" under the Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976.
See also
List of Hibbertia species
References
extrorsa
Flora of the Northern Territory
Plants described in 2010
Taxa named by Hellmut R. Toelken
Knut Hamre (born 3 March 1952) is a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle player.
References
Heilo Music artists
1952 births
Norwegian fiddlers
Male violinists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century violinists
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
Steven L. Reed (born 1974) is an American jurist and politician serving as the Mayor of Montgomery, Alabama. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a probate judge in Montgomery County.
Early life and education
Steven L. Reed was born in Montgomery, Alabama to Joe and Mollie Reed (née Perry) as one of three children. His father, Joe, served as one of the first class of elected members of the Montgomery City Council from 1975 to 1999. Steven Reed earned a Bachelor of Arts from Morehouse College and a Master of Business Administration from Vanderbilt University.
Reed is a member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity, having been initiated into its Theta Alpha graduate chapter in 1998.
Early career
He was a financial analyst, then changed careers and lobbied the Alabama legislature, and worked for Lieutenant Governor Jim Folsom Jr.
Reed was elected as probate judge in 2012, the first African American in that position. In February 2015 he was the first probate judge in the state of Alabama who started issuing same-sex marriage licenses after district judge Callie V. Granade struck the state's ban on same-sex marriage, defying Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore. In March 2015, after a ruling by the Alabama Supreme Court, he stopped issuing them.
Mayor of Montgomery
Reed ran for mayor of Montgomery in the 2019 election, and defeated his opponent David Woods in a runoff. Upon taking office, Reed became the first African-American mayor of Montgomery since its incorporation in 1819. He was officially sworn in as Mayor on November 12, 2019. Prior to being sworn in, Reed took part in a prayer service at the historic Dexter Avenue Baptist Church, which gained notoriety at the start of the Civil rights movement for leading the Montgomery bus boycott. Reed was intrumental in pushing for a property tax for the city's schools in 2020, which historically had been underfunded.https://www.wsfa.com/2020/11/03/montgomery-voters-pass-property-tax-increase-support-schools/ Under his leadership his administration has reduced the city's debt substantially., https://www.wsfa.com/2021/03/17/montgomery-city-council-approves-capital-improvement-plan/. This debt restructuring shored up $50 million for capital improvements in public safety, neighborhoods, city facilities and more.
References
External links
Biography, Montgomery Mayor's Office
Campaign website
Steven L. Reed
Living people
African-American mayors in Alabama
Alabama Democrats
Alabama state court judges
Mayors of Montgomery, Alabama
Probate court judges in the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Morehouse College alumni
Vanderbilt University alumni
1970s births
African-American judges
Hamilton-Brown Shoe Factory may refer to:
Hamilton-Brown Shoe Factory (Boonville, Missouri), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Hamilton-Brown Shoe Factory (Columbia, Missouri), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Hamilton-Brown Shoe Factory (St. Louis, Missouri), listed on the NRHP in St. Louis, Missouri
Club Deportivo Atlético Baleares, officially named Balears Futbol Club, is the women's football section of the CD Atlético Baleares. The club is located in Palma (Mallorca, Balearic Islands). Play in the Primera Nacional, the third level of Spanish women's soccer. Play their matches at Camp de Son Malferit.
History
The current team had a precedent in the 1980s, when the CIDE team of Palma became part of the white-and-blue club in the 1984–85 season. The team ended the season as champion of the Regional League of Mallorca and played quarterfinals of Copa de la Reina, but did not have continuity and moved again to another club when the season ended.
The current section was presented on August 6, 2018, consist of an amateur category team of 18 players and that same season 2018–19 was promoted to Primera Nacional. In 2021–22 season the team ended second and was promoted to the Third Division, a newly created category.
Stadium
Atlético Baleares holds its home games at Camp de Son Malferit, with a 1,200-spectators capacity.
Season to season
Titles
Regional (T3)
Winners 1984–85, 2017–18: 2
Primera Nacional
Runners-up 2021–22: 1
Current squad
References
External links
Official website
Women's football clubs in Spain
Association football clubs established in 1920
1984 establishments in Spain
2018 establishments in Spain
Sport in Palma de Mallorca
Football clubs in the Balearic Islands
is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Takamatsu Station is served by the Tama Toshi Monorail Line, and is located 4.2 kilometers from the northern terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Takamatsu Station is a raised station with two tracks and two opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on November 27, 1998.
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 43 and is surrounded by warehouses and a driving range. Northwest of the station lies the Tama Toshi Monorail's maintenance facility and railyard, as well as the company headquarters. Other points of interest include:
Showa Memorial Park
National Institute for Japanese Language and Linguistics
National Institute of Japanese Literature
Institute of Statistical Mathematics
National Institute of Polar Research
Tokyo District Court Tachikawa Branch Court
Tachikawa Second Judicial Building
Local Autonomy College
National Hospital Organization Disaster Medical Center
Tachikawa Police Station
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Tama Monorail Takamatsu Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1998
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Tachikawa, Tokyo
The GeoRef database is a bibliographic database that indexes scientific literature in the geosciences, including geology. Coverage ranges from 1666 to the present for North American literature, and 1933 to the present for the rest of the world. It currently contains more than 2.8 million references. It is widely considered one of the preeminent literature databases for those studying the earth sciences.
It is produced by the American Geosciences Institute, which was known as the American Geological Institute until October 2011.
"To maintain the database, GeoRef editor/indexers regularly scan more than 3,500 journals in 40 languages as well as new books, maps, and reports. They record the bibliographic data for each document and assign index terms to describe it. Each month between 6,000 and 9,000 new references are added to the database."
Major areas of coverage by GeoRef include:
Areal geology
Economic geology
Engineering geology
Environmental geology
Extraterrestrial geology
Geochemistry
Geochronology
Geophysics
Hydrogeology and hydrology
Marine geology and oceanography
Mathematical geology
Mineralogy and Crystallography
Paleontology
Petrology
Seismology
Stratigraphy
Structural geology
Surficial geology
Print publications that correspond to GeoRef are Bibliography and Index of North American Geology; Bibliography of Theses in Geology; and the Geophysical Abstracts, Bibliography and Index of Geology Exclusive of North America.
See also
List of academic databases and search engines
References
Bibliography
External links
of the GeoRef database
of the American Geosciences Institute
Earth sciences
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Scientific databases
Geographical databases
Sebastian Brunner (10 December 1814 – 27 November 1893) was an Austrian Catholic writer.
He was born in Vienna, and received his college education from the Benedictines of his native city. He received his philosophical and theological training at the Vienna University, was ordained priest in 1838, and was for some years professor in the philosophical faculty of the Vienna University. The University of Freiburg honored him with the degree of Doctor of Theology. In the revolutionary year, 1848, he founded the Wiener Kirchenzeitung, which he edited until 1865, and in which he satirised what he saw as the Josephinist bondage of the Church. He wrote some ascetical books and many volumes of sermons, also a biography of Clemens Maria Hofbauer, the patron saint of Vienna. Some of his writings in the Kirchenzeitung have been described as antisemitic, and this was the subject of libel cases which he launched against Ignaz Kuranda and Heinrich Graetz.
His books of travel dealing with Germany, France, England, Switzerland, and especially Italy, include observations on men and manners, art and culture, and most of all on religion, and are thus connected closely with his apologetic and controversial writings. Among the latter may be mentioned his book on The Atheist Renan and his Gospel. Brunner's voluminous historical works include some on the history of the Church in Austria. His humorous works were composed partly in verse, and partly in the form of prose stories. An example of the former is Der Nebeljungen Lied; of the latter, Die Prinzenschule zu Möpselglück. A collection of his stories in prose and verse was published in eighteen volumes in Regensburg in 1864. In his later years he turned his satirical pen against what he saw as the undiscriminating worship of modern German literary celebrities. He died in Vienna.
References
cites:
Selbstiographie (Autobiography; Regensburg, 1890–91)
Scheicher, Sebastian Brunner (Wurzburg and Vienna, 1890);
1814 births
1893 deaths
Journalists from Vienna
Late modern Christian antisemitism
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century male writers
Jorge Antonio Muñoz Abarca (born 30 July 1981) is a Chilean former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
He played for Chilean clubs Palestino (2000–05), Barnechea (2002), Santiago Wanderers (2005–06), and Santiago Morning (2007 and 2009), with an intervening spell in the Malaysian Super League with Perak FA (2007–08).
On 9 November 2007, Malaysian media reported that Perak FA had secured Muñoz' services along with his fellow countryman, Mario Berrios.
Following his retirement, he graduated as a football manager at the (National Football Institute) and has mainly worked for football academies.
References
External links
Jorge Muñoz at MemoriaWanderers
Jorge Muñoz at CeroaCero
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Santiago
Chilean footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Club Deportivo Palestino footballers
A.C. Barnechea footballers
Santiago Wanderers footballers
Santiago Morning footballers
Perak F.C. players
Chilean Primera División players
Tercera División de Chile players
Primera B de Chile players
Malaysia Super League players
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Association football midfielders
Chilean football managers
Rıza Şen (born 8 March 1986) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Kemerspor 2003.
Career
Şen had involved in amateur football at a very early age of 11. He had begun football at GOP Taşköprüspor, and respectively played at Karadeniz S.K. until his Beşitaş transfer. He had his debut on the match against Kayseri Erciyesspor in June 2006. Şen had several chances to play football on professional level in lower leagues at different teams. He returned Beşiktaş in 2008 as a part of senior squad and subsequently loaned out to Bank Asya 1st League side Kasımpaşa SK.
References
External links
TFF Profile
1986 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Zeytinburnuspor footballers
Arsinspor footballers
Turanspor footballers
Eyüpspor footballers
Kasımpaşa S.K. footballers
Orduspor footballers
Alanyaspor footballers
Gaziosmanpaşaspor footballers
Kartalspor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
Hinderton Hall is a country house to the northeast of Neston, Cheshire, England.
History
The house was built in 1856 for Christopher Bushell, a Liverpool wine merchant. The architect, who designed and oversaw the work on the Hall was Alfred Waterhouse. It was "an exceptionally early work", designed before his first major commission, the Manchester Assize Courts. Extensions to the house were built in the 20th century for Sir Percy Bates, chairman of the Cunard Line, and the estate now has cottages and a Chapter House. Over the years, the building and grounds had been used as offices, hosting weddings and corporate events. The house has since been a privately owned family home.
Architecture
Hinderton Hall is constructed in coursed rock-faced sandstone, with ashlar quoins and dressings. Its plan is approximately square. The house has tall gables, and steep roofs in patterned slate. At the corner of the entrance front is a thin tower. Internally, the entrance hall contains the staircase, with the reception rooms grouped around it. Waterhouse designed three lodges and a stable block in a similar style. The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building, as is the entrance lodge.
See also
Listed buildings in Neston
References
Country houses in Cheshire
Houses completed in 1856
Alfred Waterhouse buildings
Gothic Revival architecture in Cheshire
Grade II listed buildings in Cheshire
Grade II listed houses
Neston
Canadian intellectual property law governs the regulation of the exploitation of intellectual property in Canada. Creators of intellectual property gain rights either by statute or by the common law. Intellectual property is governed both by provincial and federal jurisdiction, although most legislation and judicial activity occur at the federal level.
Jurisdiction
Under the Constitution Act, 1867, patent and copyright law are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Government of Canada. While trademarks and industrial design are not specifically mentioned by the Constitution Act, the federal government has enacted legislation governing both. Canadian courts have upheld these pieces of legislation as being properly under the federal government's control.
Intellectual property rights
Copyright
Protections for copyright are governed by the Copyright Act of Canada. The Act was first passed in 1921, and has been amended several times over the years.
Purpose
Older Canadian case law took a strict approach- as found in Compo Co. Ltd v. Blue Crest Music. It was held that "Copyright legislation simply creates rights and obligations upon the terms and in the circumstances set out in the statute… The legislation speaks for itself and the actions of the appellant must be measured according to the terms of the statute."
However, the Supreme Court of Canada held in Théberge v. Galerie d'Art du Petit Champlain Inc. that Canadian copyright law is primarily utilitarian. It finds its purpose in promoting the public interest through providing incentives for the creation and dissemination of expressive works. This balance is reached by recognizing the creator's rights, while also recognizing their limited nature. It is recognized that "it would be as inefficient to overcompensate artists and authors for the right of reproduction as it would be self-defeating to undercompensate them." This is contrasted by the American approach in Feist Publications Inc. v. Rural Tel. Co. Ltd. that focuses on public interest without consideration of obtaining a just reward to the creator.
Patents
A patent gives inventors the right to exclude others from making, using, or selling an invention. A patented invention must be something new, useful, and ingenious. Patents can be obtained for products, apparatuses, manufacturing processes, chemical compositions, and significant improvements to existing inventions. Patents may not generally be obtained for scientific principles, abstract theorems, ideas, methods of conducting business, computer programs, and medical treatments. Some exceptions have been made. Patents are protected in Canada by the Patent Act (R.S.C., 1985, c. P-4).
Trademarks
A trademark is a word, symbol, or design used to identify wares or services of a person or company. Trademarks are protected in Canadian law by the Trade-marks Act (R.S.C., 1985, c. T-13).
Industrial design
An industrial design is the fixed, visible shape, pattern, or ornamentation applied to a useful article that is mass-produced. Industrial designs are protected in Canadian law by the Industrial Design Act (R.S.C., 1985, c. I-9).
Integrated circuit topographies
An integrated circuit topography is the 3-dimensional configuration of the layers of semiconductors, metals, insulators, and other materials used to implement an integrated circuit. Integrated circuit topographies are protected in Canadian law by the Integrated Circuit Topography Act (S.C. 1990, c. 37).
Trade secrets
Trade secrets are a type of intellectual property that consists of certain information, expertise or knowhow that has been developed or acquired by firms. This knowledge frequently gives firms their competitive edge in the market and it has to be kept as a secret. In Canada any information that a firm or its employees produces or acquires for the purpose of the firm's business can constitute confidential information that courts are willing to protect. All that is required is that the creator of the information “has used his brain and thus produced a result which can be produced by somebody who goes through the same process”. Trade secrets are generally considered to include information set out, contained or embodied in, but not limited to, a formula, pattern, plan, compilation, computer program, method, technique, process, product, device or mechanism; it may be information of any sort; an idea of a scientific nature, or of a literary nature, as long as they grant an economical advantage to the business and improve its value. Additionally, there must be some element of secrecy. Matters of public knowledge or of general knowledge in an industry cannot be the subject-matter of a trade secret. While most areas of Canadian intellectual property law are within the purview of Parliament aand the Federal government, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in MacDonald v. Vapor Canada Ltd. that civil remedies pertaining to trade secrets fall within the provincial power over property and civil rights.
References
Gloria Stolzoff Werner (December 12, 1940 – March 5, 2021) was an American librarian. She worked for forty years, from 1962 to 2002, as a librarian at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), including twelve years as University Librarian. She served a term as president of the Association of Research Libraries in 1997.
Early life
Gloria H. Stolzoff was born in Seattle. She graduated from Oberlin College in 1961, with a degree in art history. While at Oberlin, she wrote for the Oberlin Review. She earned a master's degree in library science from the University of Washington in 1962.
Career
Werner began working at UCLA in 1962, and trained as a medical librarian there. She became a reference librarian, then associate university librarian, and finally succeeding Russell Shank as university librarian, holding that rank from 1990 to 2002. During her tenure, the university's library systems moved from card catalog to an online catalog, and the library's buildings underwent a complex seismic retrofitting. She supported the creation of the Southern Regional Library Facility, opened in 1987. She served on UCLA's Women and Philanthropy board, and was a governor of the UCLA Foundation. She retired as University Librarian Emerita in 2002, and received the UCLA Alumni Association's University Service Award in 2013.
Outside of UCLA, Werner edited the journal of the Medical Library Association, was president of the Association of Research Libraries in 1997. She also served on the Docent Council of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA).
Personal life
Stolzoff married chemistry professor Newton Davis Werner. They had a son, Adam. She was widowed when Newton Werner died in 2000; she died in 2021 aged 80 in Los Angeles.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
American women librarians
University of California, Los Angeles staff
Oberlin College alumni
People from Seattle
University of Washington alumni
Alexander Ogilvie may refer to:
Alexander Walker Ogilvie (1829–1902), Canadian politician
Alec Ogilvie (1882–1962), British aviation pioneer
Hsinchu () is a railway station in Hsinchu County, Taiwan served by Taiwan High Speed Rail. It opened for service in 2006. The station was designed by Taiwanese architect Kris Yao. Transfers to TRA Liujia station can be made at this station, which links to the Hsinchu TRA station located In Hsinchu City. Hsinchu HSR station is 11 km away from Hsinchu TRA station.
Overview
The station has two side platforms and is the smallest station on the system. The newly opened Taiwan Railway Administration Liujia Line (a spur of the Neiwan Line) links the high-speed rail station from Liujia station with the TRA Hsinchu Station. Liujia Line opened service on 11 November 2011.
The station was designed by Kris Yao and constructed by Daiho Corporation. Construction began in July 2002 and was completed in October 2006, and covers a building site area of and a total floor area of .
Station layout
HSR services
HSR services (1)5xx, (1)6xx, and (8)8xx call at this station.
Around the station
Highways and Train Stations
National Highway No. 1
Provincial Highway No. 68
Liujia station
Parks
Biomedical Research Park
Knowledge-based Economy Industrial Park
Central Park
Zhubei Activity Park
Ecological Park
Fruit Park
Universities and Schools
National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University
National Taiwan University, Zhubei Campus
National Taiwan University of Science and Technology, Zhubei Campus
Liujia Junior High School
Liujia Elementary School
Science Parks
Hsinchu Science and Industrial Park
Stadiums
Hsinchu County Stadium
Zhubei Arena
Hotels
Sheraton Hsinchu Hotel
Museums
Taiwan Hakka Cultural Center
Shopping Malls
6+Plaza
Sky City
Guangming Shopping Circle
Government Offices
Hsinchu County Government (Hsinchu County Administrative Area)
References
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Hsinchu
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Cheng Chi-sen (born 13 July 1926) is a Taiwanese former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He also competed at the 1966 Asian Games.
References
1926 births
Living people
Taiwanese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Taiwan
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Enping
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Taiwanese people from Guangdong
Asian Games competitors for Chinese Taipei
The 2017–18 Cymru Alliance (known as the Huws Gray Cymru Alliance for sponsorship reasons) is the 28th season of the top football league in North Wales. Mirroring its South Wales counterpart the Welsh Football League Division One, the 16-team division forms half of the second tier of the Welsh football league system and falls one level below the nationwide Welsh Premier League. The season began 12 August 2017 and is scheduled to conclude on 31 March 2018.
Teams
Prestatyn Town were champions in the previous season and were promoted to the 2017–18 Welsh Premier League; they were replaced by both relegated teams from the 2016–17 Welsh Premier League, Airbus UK Broughton and Rhyl.
The bottom four teams from the previous season, Llanfair United, Mold Alexandra, Conwy Borough and Buckley Town, were all relegated to various third-tier district leagues for 2017–18. Three teams were successful in the 2016–17 Welsh third-tier leagues and were promoted in their place: Llandudno Junction (Welsh Alliance League runners-up, champions Glantraeth declined promotion), Queens Park (Welsh National League champions) and Rhayader Town (Mid Wales Football League champions).
On 27 July 2017, Rhayader Town withdrew from the league, citing that their players were unwilling to commit to the extra travelling involved with promotion. There was no replacement team - the league continued with 15 teams for this season only, playing 28 games each.
Stadia and locations
League table
Results
References
External links
2017–18 in Welsh football
Cymru Alliance seasons
Radzików-Wieś () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błonie, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 927.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The Monticello Artillery (1862–1865) was a Confederate Army artillery battery during the American Civil War. The unit was also known as: Owen's Battery, or Howell's Battery. Some post war records refer to the unit as the Drew Light Artillery because most original members were from Drew County, Arkansas.
Organization
Based on the earliest dates of enlistment, the battery was apparently "organized at Monticello, Drew County, Arkansas, on February 8, 1862." The battery is occasionally referred to as either the Drew Light Artillery or "Drew's Battery", based on the units association with Drew County, Arkansas, but these references only appear in post war pension records and other articles.
The battery was reorganized for the war on May 15, 1862. In the first quarter of 1864, the battery was armed with five 6 pdr bronze smoothbores and one 3.3" rifle. In May 1864, armed with two 6 pdr smoothbores, one 3.3" rifle and one 12 pdr howitzer.
Service
The battery served east of the Mississippi River for most of the war. The Monticello Artillery was originally organized as a light artillery battery, but as of March 18, 1862, the unit was at Memphis, Tennessee without guns or equipment, but by May 1862 it was referred to as heavy artillery. In early April 1862 the battery was at Fort Pillow, above Memphis, and later that month the battery moved to Corinth, Mississippi. An order dated Office Chief of Artillery, Corinth, Mississippi, May 2, 1862, directed Captain Owens, commanding Heavy Artillery, to "report with your company to Major-General Hardee for duty with the siege guns of his command." The unit left Corinth a month later and moved to Okolona, Mississippi. By June 30, 1862, the unit was at Columbus, Mississippi On August 29, 1862, the unit is mentioned as part of the Heavy Artillery at Columbus. Altogether the unit would spend almost a year assigned to Columbus.
The unit had apparently reverted to light artillery by January 1, 1863, when General Daniel Ruggles reported:.
By June 30, 1863, the battery had moved back to Okolona, Mississippi. On November 20, 1863, the battery was assigned to Brigadier General Samuel W. Ferguson's cavalry brigade of General Joseph E. Johnston's Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana.
On January 1, 1864, the battery is included in a list of light batteries assigned to the Army of the West, commanded by General Leonidas Polk and is listed as being armed with five 6 lb bronze guns and one 3.3-inch bronze gun. The unit was assigned to Furguson's Brigade of General Nathan Bedford Forrest's Division. The unit is mentioned in Ed Bearss three volume set of the Vicksburg campaign. It appears to have been part of the Confederate forces opposing Sherman's Meridan Campaign in early 1864 and it is mentioned in Margie Bearss' book "Sherman's Forgotten Campaign". The unit was criticized by Major General Polk in February 1864 during the Meridian Campaign for failing to properly care for its horses, resulting in the need for replacements.
In the spring of 1864 the battery was assigned to a cavalry brigade commanded by Confederate General Wirt Adams which was operating in the Big Black and Yazoo Country of Mississippi. While assigned to Adam's Brigade, along with another Arkansas unit, the famed, 11th / 17th Arkansas Mounted Infantry, the battery participated in the capture of the gun boat USS Petrel on April 23, 1864. Major B.P. Jett of the 11th / 17th Arkansas described the battery's part in this action (Jett mistakenly refers to the unit as Drew's Battery):
On May 15, 1864 Brigadier General Wirt Adams reported that two of Owen's guns were disabled and two more were "worthless". The unit is reported as being assigned to Adam's Division of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi and East Louisiana on June 1, 1864. Based on the unit's forage (feed) requisitions, the unit was stationed at Selma, Alabama during June 1864, and while at Selma, on June 14, 1864, the Captain Owens signed for equipment including:
Then unit seems to have settled in at Spanish Fort (Mobile), Alabama, as siege artillery by the summer of 1864. and remained there until the end of the war. The unit was initially assigned to Brigadier General St. John R. Lindell's Brigade of Major General Dabney H. Maury's District of the Gulf.
By November 1, 1864, the battery was under the command of Captain William C. Howell. Eventually the battery was placed in an organization commanded by Colonel Isaac W. Patton
and assigned to Redoubt No. 2, (also known as "Fort McDermont") of a line of Confederate works as Spanish Fort where they, along with the 22nd Louisiana and Massenburg's Georgia Light Artillery manned a Brooke Rifle, six smoothbore rifles, two twenty-four pound howitzers and six mortars. The unit participated in the Battle of Spanish Fort, part of the Mobile Campaign, in April 1865. Union forces embarked on a land campaign in early 1865 to take Mobile from the east. Maj. Gen. E.R.S. Canby's XIII and XVI corps moved along the eastern shore of Mobile Bay forcing the Confederates back into their defenses. Union forces concentrated first on Spanish Fort, five miles to the north. On March 27, 1865, Canby's forces undertook a siege of Spanish Fort, which consisted of a semi-circular line of five redoubts stretching almost two miles long. The Union had enveloped the fort by April 1, and on April 8 captured it. Most of the Confederate forces, including the remnants of the Monticello Artillery escaped and fled to Mobile.
The fall of Fort Blakely on April 9, 1865 signaled to Confederate General Dabney H. Maury in Mobile that it was time to begin evacuation of the remaining Confederate troops in the city. On April 12, 1865, Mobile was declared an open city and the remaining Confederate garrison retreated with the intention of joining the remains of the Army of Tennessee, then in North Carolina. The surrender of the Army of Tennessee to General Sherman on April 26, 1865 prevented that option and surrender of the Mobile garrison soon followed. This small force out of Mobile, including the remnants of the Monticello Artillery, was the last Confederate army to surrender east of the Mississippi River.
Surrender
Stewart Sikakis claims that the unit re-crossed the Mississippi River in 1865 and surrendered in the Department of the Trans-Mississippi on May 26, 1865, although this appears to be an error. There are reports and correspondence in the Official Records of the American Civil War which place Owens' Arkansas Battery at Spanish Fort (Mobile), Alabama, until just before the end of the war. The battery was among the last Confederate troops east of the Mississippi River to surrender on May 10, 1865, at Meridian, Mississippi. The Compiled Service Records of the unit members confirm that most of the men were paroled at Meridian, Mississippi, on May 10, 1865. Affidavits submitted by many former unit members in their post war pension applications confirm that the paroles took place at Meridian.
See also
List of Arkansas Civil War Confederate units
Lists of American Civil War Regiments by State
Confederate Units by State
Arkansas in the American Civil War
Arkansas Militia in the Civil War
{{USGovernment|sourceURL=Civil War Soldiers and Sailors System, National Park Service}}
Notes
References
United States. (1961). Compiled service records of Confederate soldiers who served in organizations from the State of Arkansas. Washington [D.C.: National Archives, National Archives and Records Service, General Services Administration.
United States. (1998). Civil War Sites Advisory Commission report on the Nation's civil war battlefields: Technical volume II : battle summaries. Washington, DC: Civil War Sites Advisory Commission, c/o National Park Service.
U.S. War Department, The War of the Rebellion: a Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies'', U.S. Government Printing Office, 1880–1901.
Williams, C. M. (1951). The old town speaks: Washington, Hempstead County, Arkansas, gateway to Texas, 1835, Confederate capital, 1863. Houston, Tex: Anson Jones Press.
Williamson, D. (2012). The 47th Indiana Volunteer Infantry: A Civil War history. Jefferson, N.C: McFarland & Co., Publishers.
External links
Edward G. Gerdes Civil War Home Page
The encyclopedia of Arkansas History and Culture
The War of the Rebellion: a Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies
The Arkansas History Commission, State Archives, Civil War in Arkansas
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Arkansas
1865 disestablishments in Arkansas
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Military units and formations in Arkansas
Military in Arkansas
1862 establishments in Arkansas
Military units and formations established in 1862
Artillery units and formations of the American Civil War
is a railway station in the city of Katagami, Akita, Japan, operated by JR East.
Lines
Detohama Station is served by the Oga Line, and is located 5.1 km from the terminus of the line at Oiwake Station and 18.1 kilometers from .
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform serving a single electrified bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
History
Detohama Station began as on July 25, 1950 and was elevated to a full station on the Japan National Railway (JNR) on December 25, 1951. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station has been managed by JR East. A new station building was completed in February 2006.
Surrounding area
Detohama Beach
External links
JR East Station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1951
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Oga Line
Katagami, Akita
MV or HSC Jean de La Valette (JDLV) is a high-speed catamaran ferry owned and operated by Virtu Ferries. Built by Austal in 2010, it is one of the largest vessels of its kind in the world. It operated routes from Malta to Pozzallo and Catania in Sicily, serving as a link between Malta and the rest of Europe, until it was replaced by the in March 2019. The vessel was leased to the Trinidad and Tobago Inter-Island Ferry Service between 2019 and 2021 to serve as an inter-island ferry between Port of Spain and Scarborough. The vessel then returned to Malta to operate on its original route.
Description
When it was built, the Jean de La Valette was the largest high-speed catamaran in the Mediterranean Sea and the second largest in the world. It has since been surpassed on both counts by another Virtu Ferries catamaran, the . It has an overall length of and a waterline length of . Its beam is , and the hull has a depth of and a draught of . The hull is aluminium, and the vessel has a deadweight tonnage of .
The vessel is propelled by four Kamewa 125SIII waterjets, and its main engines are four MTU 20V 8000 M71L4 diesel engines. It has a capacity of of fuel. The vessel's service speed is approximately .
The vessel could accommodate 24 crew members and 800 passengers. It has two decks, and each includes some outdoor seating. A separate first class area includes lounges and several other amenities. The vessel has a capacity of 230 cars, or 342 truck lane metres and 45 cars. A stern ramp and a port-side ramp allow vehicles to be loaded and unloaded.
Construction
Virtu Ferries ordered the Jean de La Valette in April 2009, in order to allow for an increased amount of passenger and cargo traffic between Malta and Sicily. It was built by Austal in Henderson, Western Australia, and it was fabricated in modular blocks which were then fitted out together, since the vessel was larger than the hall it was constructed in. The vessel was constructed in accordance with Det Norske Veritas safety requirements.
The catamaran was almost complete by March 2010 and it was launched on 25 April, with sea trials commencing in June. It was delivered from Australia to Malta in a two-week voyage under its own power between August and September 2010. During this voyage, the vessel was chased by four pirate skiffs near the Bab-el-Mandeb in the Red Sea, but it easily managed to outrun them.
Career
Malta–Sicily ferry
The vessel commenced operations on 4 October 2010, becoming the flagship of Virtu Ferries and replacing the catamaran which had been in service since 2006. It operated on the Malta-Pozzallo and Malta-Catania routes, which took 90 minutes and three hours respectively. Multiple trips were made daily, with the vessel making 1006 Malta-Sicily trips in 2017.
The vessel was depicted on a Maltese postage stamp which was issued on 10 August 2011. MaltaPost installed a mailbox on board the catamaran on 7 November 2011, and mail posted there was marked as paquebot.
On 6 August 2015, the catamaran collided into a pier at Pozzallo and it was temporarily out of service for about a week until the necessary repairs were made. The vessel continued to operate the Malta-Sicily route until the larger catamaran entered into service in March 2019.
Trinidad–Tobago ferry
When the Jean de La Valette ceased operations on the Malta-Sicily route, the vessel underwent a refit at Cádiz in Spain. Meanwhile, Virtu Ferries was declared as the preferred bidder for a tender issued by the Government of Trinidad and Tobago for an inter-island ferry as a temporary replacement for the T&T Express. NIDCO and Port Authority officials visited Malta to examine the vessel in late February 2019, and Virtu Ferries and NIDCO signed the charter party agreement on 16 May 2019. The catamaran is to operate in Trinidad and Tobago for one year until two new ferries arrive in the islands, with the possibility of an extension by a further six months. It is to be crewed and maintained by Virtu Ferries staff from Malta, along with 14 caterers and cleaners from Trinidad and Tobago. The lease of the ferry was controversial, as the opposition party United National Congress questioned the vessel's procurement process and protested at the daily lease cost of €34,500 (approximately equivalent to TT$263,580), which is higher than that of other leased ferries.
The Jean de La Valette left Spain on 14 June, and after a stop in Cape Verde it arrived in Trinidad on 19 June. The catamaran entered service on 18 July 2019. On the return trip after the inaugural voyage, minor technical problems caused the vessel to return to port to undergo repairs. The vessel's route between Port of Spain and Scarborough takes around two and a half to three hours.
During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the vessel's capacity was reduced to 350 passengers in order to allow for social distancing on board.
The lease on the vessel concluded on the 1st of February, 2021 and the vessel was prepared for its return journey to Malta. Meanwhile the government of Trinidad and Tobago thanked Virtu ferries for the 'invaluable' service the vessel provided for the past 18 months.
Return to Malta
In July 2020, whilst the vessel was still under charter to Trinidad and Tobago, Virtu ferries announced that the Malta to Sicily route will be operated by 2 vessels in the first quarter of 2021. This is due to the increased demand of importers/exporters between the islands. The flagship MV Saint John Paul II will operate from Valletta to Pozzallo while the Jean De La Valette will operate from Valletta to Augusta and/or Catania.
The vessel restarted the Valletta - Pozzallo route on the 6th of April, 2021 with a morning trip leaving Malta at 5:00am.
Notes
References
External links
2010 ships
Ships built by Austal
High-speed craft
Individual catamarans
Ferries of Malta
Ferries of Trinidad and Tobago
Ferries of Italy
Virtu Ferries
Carlos Alberto Pereira da Silva (born November 12, 1977, in Vila Nova, Brazil), better known as Uranio Pereira, is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for General Caballero of the Primera División in Paraguay.
Teams
2 de Mayo 2006-2007
Sportivo Trinidense 2007
General Caballero 2008–present
External links
Profile at BDFA
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
General Caballero Sport Club footballers
Sportivo Trinidense footballers
Expatriate footballers in Paraguay
Association footballers not categorized by position
Brusturi () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 3,469 people. It is composed of eight villages: Brusturi, Cuieșd (Kövesd), Loranta (Loránta), Orvișele (Orvisel), Păulești (Felsőtótfalu), Picleu (Szóvárhegy), Țigăneștii de Criș (Cigányfalva) and Varasău (Varaszótanya).
References
Brusturi
Localities in Crișana
The II Games of the Small States of Europe were held in the Principality of Monaco.
Competitions
Medal count
Final Table:
References
San Marino Olympic Committee
Games of the Small States of Europe
Games of the Small States of Europe
Games of the Small States of Europe
International sports competitions hosted by Monaco
Games of the Small States of Europe
Multi-sport events in Monaco
Games of the Small States of Europe
Metaxmeste schrankiana is a species of moth of the family Crambidae described by Siegmund von Hochenwarth in 1785. It is found in most of western Europe, including France, the Iberian Peninsula, Scandinavia, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Greece and the Balkans.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm.
The larvae feed on Vaccinium myrtillus, Vaccinium uliginosum, Vaccinium vitis-idaea and Calluna vulgaris.
References
Odontiini
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1785
Russell the Sheep is a 2005 children's picture book by Rob Scotton. The book tells the story of an insomniac sheep.
Plot
Russell is a sheep that has trouble falling asleep sometimes. Perhaps he needs it to be dark for him to sleep. But, he is scared of the dark. Perhaps he is too hot, perhaps not. After all that fails, Russell attempts to count things to help him fall asleep. He counts his feet, the stars, all "6 hundred million billion and ten" of them, but is still wide awake. He then has an epiphany and decides to count sheep. This finally helps him fall asleep.
Reception
Reviews of the book were generally positive, complimenting the illustration style and humorous plot.
The New York Times stated the book was “A hilarious woolly insomniac…adorably funny…[A] runaway hit.”
Kirkus Reviews stated "Scotton makes a stylish debut with this tale of a sleepless sheep—depicted as a blocky, pop-eyed, very soft-looking woolly with a skinny striped nightcap of unusual length—trying everything, from stripping down to his spotted shorts to counting all six hundred million billion and ten stars, twice, in an effort to doze off. . . .Russell doesn't have quite the big personality of Ian Falconer's Olivia, but more sophisticated fans of the precocious piglet will find in this art the same sort of daffy urbanity. "
Publishers Weekly stated "Russell, a sheep longing for shuteye, is on the case in this sweet-natured picture book. . . . British native Scotton's children's book debut blends silly and warm into the kind of package that appeals to a broad age range. His stylized sheep—all fleecy white fluff atop matchstick-thin legs, with ping-pong-ball eyes—are simultaneously endearing and comic against a dark night-sky background. . . .This fresh-feeling bedtime story about one animal's restless ramblings should prove an entertaining send-off-to-the-Sandman for young readers."
Awards
In 2005, the book was shortlisted for the Booktrust Early Years Award's Best New Illustrator Award.
In 2005, the book was also shortlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
The book was chosen as a "Children's Choice" by the Children's Book Council.
References
2005 children's books
American picture books
HarperCollins books
Fictional sheep
Venerable Adrian of Poshekhonye (; died 1550) was a Russian Orthodox monk and iconographer, who was the founder and first hegumen (abbot) of the Dormition monastery in Poshekhonye, north Yaroslavl region. He is commemorated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Adrian was born at Rostov the Great near the end of the sixteenth century, of pious parents named Gregory and Irene. He received monastic tonsure at the monastery of the Venerable Cornelius of Komel ("Korneliev" Monastery). There he was ordained a hierodeacon (i.e., a monastic deacon). Three years after the death of his spiritual father, St. Cornelius, he received a blessing to go and found a new monastery, dedicated to the Theotokos (Virgin Mary). The monastery was built on the river Votkha in Poshekhonye. Saint Macarius the Metropolitan of Moscow blessed the foundation and gave them a charter to that effect. He ordained Adrian a hieromonk (monastic priest) and elevated him to the rank of hegumen.
During Great Lent of 1550, in the evening on March 5, armed robbers burst into the monastery and murdered Adrian after torturing him mercilessly. He was buried by his brethren in the monastery's Temple (Church) of the prophet Elijah.
The relics of St. Adrian were uncovered on December 17, 1626, and found to be incorrupt. They were solemnly translated to the monastery church and placed in an open reliquary by the right kliros (choir) for veneration by the faithful. His feast day is celebrated on March 5 (for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar, March 5 falls on March 18 of the modern Gregorian Calendar). He is also commemorated, in common with other saints of the Yaroslavl region, on May 23 (June 5), the "Synaxis of the Saints of Rostov and Yaroslavl", and on November 19 (December 2), the feast of the Uncovering of his Relics.
External links
Monk-martyr Adrian of Poshekhonye, Yaroslavl Orthodox synaxarion
Synaxis of the Saints of Rostov and Yaroslavl
Uncovering of the relics of Monk-martyr Adrian of Poshekhonsk
15th-century births
1550 deaths
16th-century Christian saints
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Miracle workers
Lepidodactylus babuyanensis is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Firas Suleiman is a Syrian poet and writer who started writing and publishing in the last decade of the twentieth century. Firas has published a number of books and poetry collections, the most prominent of these books are "The City I Live Far Away" published in 1989, "Al-Raseef" published in 1992, "Margin" published in 1995, and “the Unkempt and the Misguided Man” which was published a year later. Firas waited until 2004 when he published a new book entitled "Amraa Mraatoha Saiyad Aazal". Moreover, his most famous work is the collection of short stories released in 2015, which was entitled "Niyayat Mu'atalah".
Career
It was stated by the series “Arab Creativity” issued by the Egyptian General Book Organization, and its editor-in-chief, the poet Samir Darwish, that the most famous poetry collection by the Syrian writer and poet Firas Suleiman is “Finally, they arrived… but in coffins.” The divan consisted of 140 pages of medium volume, and consists of three parts: the first part is entitled (I am He), in which the poet embodies the voice of a man who seems afraid of all things. The second part is entitled (I am She) in which borrows the voice of a tired but daring woman; As for the third part, it is a long poem, entitled “He left you… He is still leaving you so that he does not imitate you.” which comes as an echo of the previous two voices, but with the tone of different poetry.
Firas Suleiman also published a book entitled " Niyayat Mu'atalah" on the publications of Almotawaset in Italy in 2015, in which Firas clearly defined his view of the world. In this book, Firas watched the world to its ends, but as he often says, it reached dead ends. The book was only 87 pages only, and it was divided into two main sections: “A Tent with Many Holes” and “Diary of a Basement Man”. In the first part, Firas focuses on the saying that it is not possible to see things from a tent, no matter how many holes in it, or from a basement, except with a keen eye, which desires to maintain a certain distance from the world. He chooses many characters to say what he wants to say, or what he does not want to say in his explicit name.
Firas navigates - as he says himself - in his books, which he considers as journeys about identity. In the second section of the poetic collection, Firas moves from looking outside, towards contemplating the inside to confront the world with the conscience of the speaker alone. This group was considered by some critics as a poetic ocean of ideas in which the writer showed his skills in adapting the language, in order to paint a poetic scene. However, other critics thought that the poet knows well the importance of balancing between the content of what he wants to say, and the importance of the method in presenting his saying.
In his writings, Firas Suleiman focuses on what he calls the Syrian tragedy between the past, the present and the future. He also talks about life under the weight of war and what he describes as the ghostly existence that besieged the self whether inside and outside.
The List of His Works
This is a list of the most prominent works of the Syrian writer and poet, Firas Suleiman:
"Almadeena Allaty Askonoha baeedan" (1989)
"Raseef"(1992)
"Margins" (1995)
"The Unkempt and the Misguided Man" (1996)
"Amraa Mraatoha Saiyad Aazal" (2004)
" Niyayat Mu'atalah " (2015)
"My ghost comes out of me every morning.
I don't notice he's coming back. I thought under the illusion that inside me there is a city of ghosts,
but that it was only yesterday. I saw him,
my ghost, who for many years had not ceased to come out and enter,
I saw him carrying nails and a hammer.
Those spoils are from the outside. Now he is crucifying himself inside my body
what pain my beautiful ghost has to endure!
The world has insulted him so much"
This is a part of Firas Selman's collection of poetry, which was published under the title "Niyayat Mu'atalah".
References
Syrian poets
Syrian poets by century
The Belize women's national football team () is overseen by the Football Federation of Belize. It is affiliated to the Central American Football Union of CONCACAF.
History
Overview
The Belizean team debut on 25 November 2001 in the 2001 Central American Games with Guatemala, which resulted in a crushing 12–0 defeat, two days later played against El Salvador, against which they also lost, 6–0.
Like its male counterpart, is the worst team in Central America according to FIFA ranking, which places the team in the 120th position. All their games have been against Central American teams, but never played with one of them, Honduras.
At the age of 11, Belize international Khalydia Velasquez became the youngest player to score in an official FIFA sanctioned international tournament.
The team had never won or tied and game until the 2022 CONCACAF W Championships where the team tied their first game on April 6, 2022 and won their first game on April 12, 2022.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the match against Barbados on 12 April 2022.
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
CONCACAF W Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Pan American Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Central American and Caribbean Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Central American Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
Central American women's national association football teams
Belize women's national football team
2001 establishments in Belize
Association football clubs established in 2001
The Majlis Ghorfat Umm Al Sheif is the preserved summerhouse, or majlis, of the former Ruler of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum. Located in the Dubai suburb of Jumeirah 2, the majlis is preserved today as a heritage site.
Constructed in 1955, the majlis was named after a pearl fishery of the same name. The majlis was at the time located far from the town of Dubai, in a date palm plantation near to a fishing village. It was built from a mixture of adobe, gypsum and coral with timber. The roof terrace of the majlis was used to both dry dates and provide a cool open air sleeping platform. The majlis was fully restored in 1994.
The restoration of the majlis included the construction of a small garden with date palms and a traditional aflaj irrigation system. It is now managed by Dubai Culture & Arts Authority and is a small but popular tourist destination.
The opening hours of the Majlis Ghorfat Umm Al Sheif are Sunday to Thursday 07:30 – 14:30. it is closed on Friday & Saturday.
See also
List of buildings in Dubai
References
Buildings and structures in Dubai
Kajihara (written: 梶原 or 加治原) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese rugby union player
, Japanese fencer
, Japanese cyclist
, Japanese actor
Japanese-language surnames
Charles Raymon Savage (April 12, 1906 – January 14, 1976) was an American politician who was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Born on a farm at La Farge, Wisconsin, His family moved to Entwisle,Alberta Ca around 1913, and returned to the U.S. in Washington around 1927. His family made the year-long trip by horse and wagon. Savage attended the public schools. Later, he took special courses in mechanics, building construction, business law and salesmanship. In Washington State and he engaged in building construction and logging.
Savage served as member of the State House of Representatives from 1939 to 1945, from 1951 to 1959, from 1963 to 1967 and again from 1969 until his death in 1976. During his political career, he served twelve times as delegate to State Democratic conventions between 1938 and 1970. In addition, he served as delegate at the Democratic National Convention in 1944.
In between his tenures in the State House of Washington State, Savage was also elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-ninth Congress (January 3, 1945 – January 3, 1947). However, he was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1946 to Congress and also unsuccessful in a special election in June 1947 to Congress as well as for election in 1948 to Congress. He was also an unsuccessful candidate for nomination in 1958.
After Savage dropped out of politics, he continued his logging pursuits. He also served as district manager of an insurance society and engaged in real estate business.
Savage lived most of his life in Shelton, Washington, where he died on January 14, 1976. He was interred in Shelton Memorial Park.
External links
1906 births
1976 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
20th-century American politicians
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Maria Elizabeth Robinson (c. 1775 – c. 1818) was an author and editor. Her mother was the celebrated writer Mary Robinson, and Robinson edited and saw her unpublished works through to publication after her death.
Life and work
Robinson's parents had an eventful marriage, and as an infant, she spent some months in debtor's prison when her mother accompanied her father there. She had a sister, Sophia, who did not survive childhood. Subsequently, Robinson's mother embarked on a successful literary career, left her husband, and became socially prominent. Mary Robinson died in 1800 at the age of 44 after a prolonged period of ill-health and chronic debt, and requested that Maria Robinson edit and arrange for the publication of her unpublished works and her memoirs.
Robinson is best probably best remembered now for her editing of her famous mother's work, but she was also a writer in her own right. In 1794 she published the first edition of her epistolary novel, The shrine of Bertha, with the Minerva Press, and it was moderately successful as a second edition came out, this time with Apollo Press, two years afterward. Ten years later she published a poetry anthology, Wild Wreath, dedicated to the Duchess of York, which included her own work as well as unpublished pieces by her mother and poems by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, M. G. Lewis, Robert Merry, Anna Seward, Robert Southey, and Thomas Twisleton.
Creative work
The shrine of Bertha: a novel, in a series of letters. In two volumes. By Miss M. E. Robinson. ...printed for the author, by W. Lane at the Minerva Press, Leadenhall-Street; sold by Scatchard, Paternoster-Row; Miller, Old Bond-Street; Knight and Triphock, Booksellers to his Majesty, St. James's-Street, 1794.
Wild Wreath. ([London?] Mercier, 1804.)
Editorial work
Works of Mary Robinson, edited by Robinson and published posthumously:
“Mr. Robert Ker Porter.” Public Characters of 1800-1801 (London: R. Phillips, 1801)
Memoirs of the Late Mrs. Robinson, Written by Herself with Some Posthumous Pieces. In Four Volumes (London: R. Phillips, 1801)
“Jasper. A Fragment,” Memoirs of the Late Mrs. Robinson, Vol. 3 (London: R. Phillips, 1801)
“The Savage of Aveyron,” Memoirs of the Late Mrs. Robinson, Vol. 3 (London: R. Phillips, 1801)
“The Progress of Liberty,” Memoirs of the Late Mrs. Robinson, Vol. 4 (London: R. Phillips, 1801)
The Poetical Works of the Late Mrs. Mary Robinson: Including Many Pieces Never Before Published. In Three Volumes (London: Richard Phillips, 1806)
See also
Mary Robinson
References
1775 births
1818 deaths
British women writers
British writers
Synasellus is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Asellidae. It contains the following species:
Synasellus albicastrensis Braga, 1960
Synasellus barcelensis Noodt & Galhano, 1969
Synasellus bragai Afonso, 1987
Synasellus bragaianus Henry & Magniez, 1987
Synasellus brigantinus Braga, 1959
Synasellus capitatus (Braga, 1968)
Synasellus dissimilis Afonso, 1987
Synasellus exiguus Braga, 1944
Synasellus favaiensis Eiras, 1974
Synasellus flaviensis Afonso, 1996
Synasellus fragilis Braga, 1946
Synasellus henrii Afonso, 1987
Synasellus hurki Henry & Magniez, 1995
Synasellus insignis Afonso, 1984
Synasellus intermedius Afonso, 1985
Synasellus lafonensis Braga, 1959
Synasellus leysi Henry & Magniez, 1995
Synasellus longicauda Braga, 1959
Synasellus longicornis Afonso, 1978
Synasellus mariae (Braga, 1942)
Synasellus mateusi Braga, 1954
Synasellus meijersae Henry & Magniez, 1987
Synasellus meirelesi Braga, 1959
Synasellus minutus Braga, 1967
Synasellus nobrei Braga, 1967
Synasellus notenboomi Henry & Magniez, 1987
Synasellus pireslimai Braga, 1959
Synasellus pombalensis Afonso, 1987
Synasellus robusticornis Afonso, 1987
Synasellus serranus Braga, 1967
Synasellus tirsensis Afonso, 1987
Synasellus transmontanus Braga, 1959
Synasellus valpacensis Afonso, 1996
Synasellus vidaguensis Afonso, 1996
Synasellus vilacondensis Afonso, 1987
References
Asellota
Whittington v Seale-Hayne (1900) 82 LT 49 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It holds that indemnities can be claimed under English law for any consequential costs of a contract not turning on an innocent misrepresentation (such as rent).
Facts
Mr Whittington bred prize poultry. He bought a long farm lease, induced by Seale-Hayne's representation that the premises were sanitary and in good repair. However, the water supply was poisoned, Mr Whittington's manager got very ill and the poultry died. Under the lease, Mr Whittington had covenanted to carry out repairs required by the council, which were needed after the council declared the premises unfit for habitation and the drains needed renewing. It was undisputed that Whittington was entitled to indemnity for rates paid or repairs costs. Whittington sought rescission and indemnity for loss of poultry, profits and medical expenses.
Judgment
Farwell J held no further losses could be claimed because it was beyond the ambit of the indemnity to which Mr Whittington was entitled. The losses did not result in a benefit to Seale. Since the representation was not fraudulent, there could be no damages and therefore no compensation either. It was not the case that the rescinder should be in a position status quo ante because 'to make good by way of compensation for the consequences of the misrepresentations is the same thing as asking for damages'.
Significance
There would now be a common law claim under Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd or under s 2(1) Misrepresentation Act 1967 for damages.
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
English misrepresentation case law
High Court of Justice cases
1900 in case law
1900 in British law
Poultry farming in the United Kingdom
Jürgen Schreiber may refer to:
Jürgen Schreiber (journalist) (1947–2022), German investigative journalist
Jürgen Schreiber (businessman) (born 1962), German manager in international retail business
The 1977–78 New England Whalers season was the Whalers' sixth season of operation in the World Hockey Association (WHA). This season saw the debut of Gordie Howe and his sons with the Whalers' franchise. The trio helped the Whalers advance to the Avco Cup final, where they were defeated by the Winnipeg Jets.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
New England Whalers 4, Edmonton Oilers 1 – Division Quarterfinals
New England Whalers 4, Quebec Nordiques 1 – Division Semifinals
Winnipeg Jets 4, New England Whalers 1 – Avco Cup Finals
Player statistics
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts;
Awards and records
Transactions
Draft picks
New England's draft picks at the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.
Farm teams
See also
1977–78 WHA season
References
External links
New
New
New England Whalers seasons
New England
New England
The 1958 season of the Paraguayan Primera División, the top category of Paraguayan football, was played by 8 teams. The national champions were Olimpia.
Results
Standings
External links
Paraguay 1958 season at RSSSF
Para
Primera
Paraguayan Primera División seasons
is a railway station in the city of Kamaishi, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Kosano Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 86.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
Kosano Station opened on 15 June 1945. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 46 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Kosano Post Office
Kamaishi City Library
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1945
Kamaishi, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Events in 2009 in Japanese television.
Debuts
Ongoing
Music Fair, music (1964-present)
Mito Kōmon, jidaigeki (1969-2011)
Sazae-san, anime (1969-present)
FNS Music Festival, music (1974-present)
Panel Quiz Attack 25, game show (1975-present)
Soreike! Anpanman. anime (1988-present)
Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!, game show (1989-present)
Crayon Shin-chan, anime (1992-present)
Nintama Rantarō, anime (1993-present)
Chibi Maruko-chan, anime (1995-present)
Detective Conan, anime (1996-present)
SASUKE, sports (1997-present)
Ojarumaru, anime (1998-present)
One Piece, anime (1999–present)
Sgt. Frog, anime (2004-2011)
Bleach, anime (2004-2012)
Doraemon, anime (2005-present)
Gintama, anime (2006-2010)
Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl, anime (2006-2010)
Naruto Shippuden, anime (2007-present)
Kitty's Paradise peace, children's variety (2008-2011)
Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's, anime (2008-2011)
Hiatus
Resuming
Endings
See also
2009 in anime
2009 Japanese television dramas
2009 in Japan
2009 in Japanese music
List of Japanese films of 2009
References
Radical Connector is a studio album by German electronica duo Mouse on Mars. It was released in 2004. It features vocal contributions from Dodo Nkishi and Niobe.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, Radical Connector received an average score of 75% based on 21 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Heather Phares of AllMusic gave the album 4.5 stars out of 5, saying: "This may not be Mouse on Mars' most ambitious album, but it's among the group's most successful -- it's not at all difficult to feel a connection to this truly intelligent dance music." Mark Richardson of Pitchfork gave the album an 8.1 out of 10, describing it as "Mouse on Mars' most conventional album" and "their most predictable in structure." Meanwhile, Kareem Estefan of Stylus Magazine gave the album a grade of C+, saying: "Even if it doesn't advance from Idiology as much as its lengthy development might imply, Radical Connector proves that ten years into the game, Jan St. Werner and Andi Toma still have no intention to repeat themselves."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Jan St. Werner – words, music, production
Andi Toma – words, music, production
Jupp Götz – choir (1)
Dodo Nkishi – words (1, 2, 5, 7, 8)
Niobe – words (3, 4, 6, 9)
References
External links
2004 albums
Mouse on Mars albums
Thrill Jockey albums
Ur-Pabilsag (, ur-dpa-bil2-sag) was an early ruler of the First Dynasty of Ur in the 26th century BCE. He does not appear in the Sumerian King List, but is known from an inscription fragment found in Ur, bearing the title "Ur-Pabilsag, king of Ur". It has been suggested that his tomb is at the Royal Cemetery at Ur (Grave PG 779). He may have died around 2550 BCE.
It also has been suggested that Ur-Pabilsag was the son of king A-Imdugud, known from grave PG 1236, which is the largest and probably the earliest tomb structure at the Royal Cemetery at Ur. The tomb of Ur-Pabilsag (Grave PG 779) is generally considered as the second oldest at the site, and probably contemporary with grave PG 777, thought to be the tomb of his queen. Meskalamdug (grave PG 755, or possibly PG 789) was his son.
Artifacts
Several artifacts are known from tomb PG 779 at the Royal Cemetery at Ur, such as the famous Standard of Ur, and decorated shell plaques.
See also
Sumer
History of Sumer
Royal Cemetery at Ur
Near Eastern archaeology
References
Sources
Jane McIntosh: Ancient Mesopotamia. ABC-CLIO 2005, , p. 73 (restricted online version (google books))
Leonard Woolley: The Sumerians. p. 38 (restricted online version (google books))
External links
Meskalamdug at Bartleby.com (Text snippet from The Encyclopedia of World History (2001))
26th-century BC Sumerian kings
Sumerian rulers
First Dynasty of Ur
Rawabi Abraj Al Bait Towers (Arabic: روابي أبراج البيت) project, consisting of 21 towers, is a proposed real estate development in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. It features restaurants, medical facilities, parking, 24/7 security, high-speed elevators and shopping malls.
About
This project is developed by Esdarat Holding Company a Kuwaiti company with capital of $377 million launched the private replacement of 600 million shares to fund this project making Rawabi Abraj Al Bait the largest privately owned development in center of Mecca and also Esdarat said this projects will be completed in phases.
References
Skyscrapers in Mecca
Proposed skyscrapers
Proposed buildings and structures in Saudi Arabia
The Yokohama Country & Athletic Club, is a sport and recreational club located in Yamate, Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture.
First founded in 1868 by Scottish cricketer James Pender Mollison (21 July 1844 – 22 November 1931) as the Yokohama Cricket Club. In 1884 members voted to absorb the Yokohama Foot Ball Club (Rugby Union), Athletics, Baseball and Tennis clubs to form the Yokohama Country & Athletic Club (YC&AC) as it is now known.
Sporting history
Cricket
Although the first recorded cricket match in Japan was played in Yokohama on June 25, 1863, between a Royal Navy team and members of the local merchant community, captained by James Fraser, the Yokohama Cricket Club was one of Japan's first organized cricket teams and was the center of many recreational and sporting facilities for English merchants living in Yokohama. The club's first facilities were at a location known as the Swamp Ground, but in 1870 the club moved to a larger 120-acre plot and played matches in a location that now hosts the Yokohama Stadium.
Baseball
By the 1880s sufficient numbers of American's had joined the club for baseball to supplant cricket in terms of popularity. Prior to the 1890s the club upheld restrictive membership policies that excluded the use of the club's facilities to Japanese nationals. Resentment of these rules and the extraterritoriality enjoyed by foreign nationals in the treaty ports prompted a formal challenge in 1891 by a team from Ichikō, the elite University of Tokyo preparatory school. After five years of prevarication and delay, on the 29 May 1896 a historic match took place where the amateur YC&AC club side was convincingly beaten 29–4. A hurriedly arranged rematch on June 5, led to further humiliation for the club, with a loss of 32–9 to the less experienced Japanese high school team. After one further defeat of 22–6, players from the visiting US Navy ship USS Olympia were drafted to assist, and a narrow consolation victory for the club of 14–12 was achieved.
As one of the first truly international baseball matches to be played in Japan, where a local team 'beat the foreigners at their own game', the Ichikō high school team was lauded in the contemporary press as national heroes. News of this victory greatly contributed to the popularity of baseball as a school sport in Japan.
Rugby Union
The club's rugby activities include the Gareth MacFadyen Cup, a perpetual local derby-style memorial rugby union match contested on an annual basis since 2001 in Tokyo between the Tokyo Crusaders and the Yokohama Country and Athletic Club.
Association football
Association football (or soccer) was introduced in to the club on December 25, 1886, for training sessions starting from January 1887. The first official football match in Japan is widely believed to have been held on February 18, 1888, between the YC&AC and Kobe Regatta & Athletic Club.
Yokohama Country & Athletic Club is the oldest running football club in Japan.
Current facilities
In 1910 the club vacated its facilities in downtown Yokohama and relocated to an elevated site at Yaguchidai close to the current Yamate Station on the JR East Negishi Line. Current facilities provide for a wide variety of indoor and outdoor sports including tennis, rugby, cricket, football, squash, swimming and basketball.
Sports
Bowling (Ten Pin),
Baseball,
Basketball,
Billiards (Pool),
Cricket,
Darts,
Field Hockey,
Golf,
Lawn Bowls,
Rugby,
Soccer,
Squash
Tennis,
Table Tennis,
Swimming,
Volleyball,
Logo
logo-ycac.png
See also
Club of Pioneers
References
External links
Official website
Cricket in Japan
Sports teams in Yokohama
The country in which a motor vehicle's vehicle registration plate was issued may be indicated by an international licence plate country code, formerly known as an International Registration Letter or International Circulation Mark. It is referred to as the Distinguishing sign of the State of registration in the Geneva Convention on Road Traffic of 1949 and the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic of 1968.
The allocation of codes is maintained by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe as the Distinguishing Signs Used on Vehicles in International Traffic (sometimes abbreviated to DSIT), authorised by the UN's Geneva Convention on Road Traffic and the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic. Many vehicle codes created since the adoption of ISO 3166 coincide with ISO two- or three-letter codes. The 2004 South-East Asian Agreement ... for the Facilitation of Cross-Border Transport of Goods and People uses a mixture of ISO and DSIT codes: Myanmar uses MYA, China CHN, and Cambodia KH (ISO codes), Thailand uses T (DSIT code), Laos LAO, and Vietnam VN (coincident ISO and DSIT codes).
The Geneva Convention on Road Traffic entered into force on 26 March 1952. One of the main benefits of the convention for motorists is the obligation on signatory countries to recognize the legality of vehicles from other signatory countries. When driving in other signatory countries, the distinguishing sign of the country of registration must be displayed on the rear of the vehicle. This sign must be placed separately from the registration plate and may not be incorporated into the vehicle registration plate.
History
1909 Paris Convention
The display of a national distinctive mark on a white oval plate, 30 cm × 18cm with black letters was first introduced by the 1909 International Convention with respect to the Circulation of Motor Vehicles signed in Paris. The plate was required to be affixed to the rear of the vehicle, separate from the number plate displaying the vehicle's national registration mark. The 1909 convention only allowed distinctive marks to be of one or two Latin letters.
1924 Paris Convention
The term distinguishing mark was adopted by the 1924 International Convention Relative to Motor Traffic signed in Paris, which extended the maximum length of mark from two to three Latin letters, and permitted not just distinguishing marks for states, but also for non-sovereign territories which operated their own vehicle registration systems.
Location
Since the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic entered into force on 21 May 1977, in signatory countries it replaces previous road traffic conventions, including the Geneva Convention on Road Traffic, in accordance with its Article 48. According to the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic, the distinguishing sign of the country of registration must be displayed on the rear of the vehicle. The sign may either be placed separately from the registration plate as a white oval plate or sticker, or be incorporated in the vehicle registration plate. When the distinguishing sign is incorporated in the registration plate, it must also appear on the front registration plate of the vehicle.
The requirement to display a separate distinguishing sign is not necessary within the European Economic Area, for vehicles with license plates in the common EU format, which satisfy the requirements of the Vienna Convention, and so are also valid in non-EU countries signatory to that convention. Separate signs are also not needed for Canada, Mexico and the United States, where the province, state or district of registration is usually embossed or surface-printed on the vehicle registration plate.
Current codes
Codes no longer in use
Unofficial codes
There are unofficial codes in common use, such as "AS", "A" or "AST" for Asturias, "CAT" for Catalonia, "SCO" for Scotland, "CYM" for Wales, "BZH" for Brittany, "VL" for Flanders, "V" for Vojvodina/Vajdaság, "TS" for Transylvania, "PR" for Puerto Rico, "CSB" for Kashubia and "SIC" for Székely Land (from Latin Terra Siculorum). Some of these, such as "VL" which is used by Flemish separatists, are used despite being specifically illegal under local laws.
In addition, in some areas, vehicle-style stickers have been used to denote and promote other entities, such as towns, islands, businesses, and even associations. These irregular stickers almost always bear an explanation of the code in small print near the edge of the sticker, as the codes used may be unfamiliar.
Kosovo
Diplomatic licence plate codes
A separate system is used for vehicles belonging to the diplomats of foreign countries with license plate from the host country. That system is host country-specific and varies largely from country to country. For example, TR on a diplomatic car in the USA indicates Italian, not Turkish. Such markings in other countries (e.g. Norway) are indicated with numbers only, again different from international standards (e.g. 90 means Slovakia in Norway).
See also
Aircraft registration
International Driving Permit
ISO 3166
Vienna Convention on Road Traffic
Vehicle identification number
References
Further reading
"RPW": Neil Parker and John Weeks, Registration Plates of the World, Europlate; 4th edition (2004)
External links
Distinguishing Signs of Vehicles, UNECE
Distinguishing Signs used on Vehicles in International Traffic Notified to the Secretary General of the United Nations, UNECE
Convention on Road Traffic, Geneva, United Nations Treaty Collection
Convention on Road Traffic, Vienna, United Nations Treaty Collection
UN Economic Commission for Europe, Working Party on Road Transport (WP.11)
Miscellaneous Proposals of Amendments to the Model Regulations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods: Identification of Approval Country in Marking, UN/SCETDG/33/INF.5 (table compares ISO 3166 and DSIT codes)
Association Francoplaque: Collectionneurs de Plaques d'Immatriculation (data mostly from RPW, above)
European Registration Plate Association: Registration Plates of the World Online (registration required; data mostly from RPW, above)
International license plate codes
International license plate codes
Vehicle registration plates
King's Highway 9, commonly referred to as Highway 9, is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. Highway 9 has been divided into two segments since January 1, 1998, when the segment between Harriston and Orangeville was downloaded to the various counties in which it resided. The western segment of the highway begins at Highway 21 in Kincardine, near the shores of Lake Huron. It travels to the junction of Highway 23 and Highway 89 in Harriston. The central segment is now known as Wellington County Road 109 and Dufferin County Road 109. At Highway 10 in Orangeville, Highway 9 resumes and travels east to Highway 400. The highway once continued east to Yonge Street in Newmarket, but is now known as York Regional Road 31.
Highway 9 was first assumed into the provincial highway system on February 26, 1920 as the Arthur–Kincardine Road. It was extended to Cookstown in the early 1930s via Orangeville and Shelburne, creating a short lived concurrency with Highway 10. In 1937, the road between Orangeville and Schomberg was designated part of Highway 9. The concurrency was discontinued, and the remainder became Highway 89. In 1965, Highway 9 was extended to Newmarket along Davis Drive.
Route description
Highway 9 begins at the edge of Kincardine near the eastern shoreline of Lake Huron. The roadway continues west past Highway 21 to the lake as Broadway Street. To the east of Highway 21, the highway travels along a concession road for , through the Saugeen Conservation Lands to the town of Walkerton. Within Walkerton, Highway 9 turns south at a junction with Bruce County Road 4. It travels south to the village of Mildmay, where it curves to the south-east. The highway continues in this direction through the villages of Clifford and Harriston, forming the centre of a thin band of farmland oriented at a 45-degree angle to the surrounding land. In the centre of Harriston, Highway 9 ends at a four way junction. Highway 89 travels north-east from this location, while Highway 23 travels south-west. Highway 9 formerly continued south-east, but is now known as Wellington County Road 109 past this junction.
At Highway 10 in Orangeville, Highway 9 resumes and travels east to Highway 400, crossing the Niagara Escarpment along the way. Highway 9 acts as a dividing line between several municipalities and counties, and also divides the different survey grids. Highway 9 is mostly two lanes wide in this section; however, there are frequent passing zones, and the highway usually widens up to 4 lanes at major junctions, such as Airport Road in Mono Mills, Highway 50, and Highway 27. From Canal Road to the transition to York Regional Road 31, Highway 9 widens to 4 lanes. The highway once continued east to Yonge Street in Newmarket, but this section is known as York Regional Road 31. Highway 9 ends at an interchange with Highway 400. A commuter parking lot is provided for carpooling.
History
The portion of Highway 9 between Kincardine and the junction with Yonge Street in Walkerton was built originally as the Durham Settlement Road or Durham Road for short. The Durham Road was surveyed and constructed between 1849 and 1851. It extended from the border between present-day Grey Highlands, Grey County and Clearview, Simcoe County, south of Singhampton, through Flesherton (on the then Toronto–Sydenham Settlement Road, today Highway 10), Durham (on the Garafraxa Settlement Road, today Highway 6, and one reason the road took its name), Hanover and Walkerton to Kincardine.
The western section from Kincardine to Walkerton is today Highway 9, and the other sections to the east were at one point part of Highway 4, and today Bruce County Road 4 and Grey County Road 4.
On February 26, 1920, the Arthur–Kincardine Road was designated as a provincial highway. It connected what would become Highway 6 with Kincardine, on the shores of Lake Huron. In August 1925, the road was numbered as Highway 9, alongside the other existing provincial highways. The route was extended to Cookstown in the early 1930s. The road between Arthur and Orangeville was assumed as part of Highway 9 on March 12, 1930; the road between Shelburne and Cookstown was assumed on May 27, 1931.
The two roads were connected by creating a concurrency along Highway 10. On February 10, 1937, the road between Orangeville and Schomberg was designated part of Highway 9.
To alleviate the forked path of the highway, the concurrency with Highway 10 was discontinued and the road between Shelburne and Cookstown was renumbered as Highway 89. By October 1963, Davis Drive was built west of Newmarket, across the Holland Marsh to Schomberg. On July 23, 1965, Highway 9 was extended to Newmarket along Davis Drive, bringing its total length to .
A long-standing issue through most of the history of Highway 9 is the Orangeville Bypass. In the 1960s, the Highway 10 bypass was constructed. At the same time, Highway 9 was rerouted from its straight route to meet the new bypass, creating Buena Vista Drive as a result. Starting in 1978, numerous plans were formulated for a southern bypass of Broadway, none of which came to fruition.
Orangeville eventually resorted to constructing the road themselves, completing several kilometres before local Member of Provincial Parliament and premier Ernie Eves contributed C$7 million of provincial funding to the project.
The bypass was finally opened to traffic on August 3, 2005.
On January 1, 1998, the province transferred sections of Highway 9 between Harriston and Orangeville to Dufferin County and Wellington County, creating a gap between sections of the highway. This transfer has been widely contested since it took place, often used as an example for the hastily executed highway transfers in Ontario.
On September 1, 1999, the Regional Municipality of York assumed responsibility for the section of Highway 9 between Highway 400 and Yonge Street.
Major intersections
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Highway 9 Photos
Google Maps of Highway 9
009
Transport in Orangeville, Ontario
Roads in the Regional Municipality of York
Ivan Pongračić (born 8 March 1980) is a Croatian handball player and former Croatian national team.
Honours
Zagreb
Croatian First League
Winner (2): 2004-05, 2005-06
Croatian Cup
Winner (2): 2005, 2006
EHF Cup Winners' Cup
Finalist (1): 2005
Osijek Elektromodul
Croatian First League
Runner-up (1): 2006-07
Kolubara
Serbian Super League
Winner (1): 2009-10
Serbian Cup
Winner (1): 2010
References
External links
European competition
Rukomestat
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Đakovo
Croatian male handball players
RK Zamet players
RK Zagreb players
Croatian expatriates in Serbia
Croatian expatriates in Norway
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Croatia
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Üzengilik, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Lubień may refer to the following places in Poland:
Lubień, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lubień, Łęczyca County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Lubień, Piotrków County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Lubień, Lesser Poland Voivodeship (south Poland)
Lubień, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Lubień, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Lubień, Lubusz Voivodeship (west Poland)
Lubień, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Wielki Lubień, a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north central Poland)
The Aberdeen chronograph was the first portable gun chronograph, an instrument for measuring the muzzle velocity and striking power of a projectile fired by a gun. It was invented in 1918 by Alfred Lee Loomis at the U.S. Army's Aberdeen Proving Ground.
The method prevalent at the time was the Boulengé chronograph, which relied on the projectile passing through two wire screens. Breaking the first screen would release a rod held by electromagnets. While the rod was free-falling, breaking the second screen would activate a knife that marked the rod.
Loomis' chronograph had a drum rotating at constant speed with a tape spooled inside. The projectile would pass through two screens, breaking the insulation between metal plates and creating a short circuit. This created a spark that left two visible marks on the tape and measuring the distance between these marks would give the speed of the projectile. This method made it easier to measure the speed of larger shells and aircraft catapults. Loomis was issued a patent in 1921 for his chronograph.
References
Ballistics
American inventions
Khariapipra Halt railway station is a halt railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Kharia in Munger district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Munger district
Malda railway division
Olga Lugina (born 8 January 1974) is a Ukrainian former professional tennis player. She competed in the Fed Cup a number of times, from 1993 to 1995.
Lugina won two doubles titles on the WTA Tour. She also won one singles title and ten doubles titles on the ITF Circuit in her career. On 27 April 1998, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 96. On 31 October 1994, she peaked at No. 45 in the doubles rankings.
Lugina retired from tennis tour 1999.
WTA career finals
Doubles: 3 (2 titles, 1 runner-up)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 5 (1–4)
Doubles: 17 (10–7)
References
1974 births
Living people
Ukrainian female tennis players
Soviet female tennis players
Myer Galpern, Baron Galpern, DL (1 January 1903 – 23 September 1993) was a Scottish Labour Party politician.
Biography
Galpern was born Meyer Galpern in the Gorbals, the son of Morris Galpern, a cabinetmaker, and Anna Talisman. His parents were Jewish immigrants from Russia.
Galpern was educated at the University of Glasgow and was a house furnisher. He was an Independent Labour Party councillor for the Shettleston and Tollcross ward on the Glasgow Corporation from 1932 to 1947. He joined the Labour Party in 1947, and was re-elected as councillor for Shettleston and Tollcross in 1949.
Galpern served as convener of the education committee (1954-1958), before being appointed in 1958 as leader of the Labour group on Glasgow Corporation and leader of the city's administration. He served as Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1958 to 1960 (the first Jewish provost in Scotland). He was a member of the Court of Glasgow University, a governor of the Royal College of Science and Deputy Lieutenant of the City of Glasgow from 1962.
Galpern was Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Shettleston from 1959 to 1979. He was a Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons during his final five-year term as an MP, from 1974 to 1979. Having been knighted in 1960, he was given a life peerage as Baron Galpern, of Shettleston in the District of the City of Glasgow 10 July 1979.
References
External links
Times Guide to the House of Commons, October 1974
1903 births
1993 deaths
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Scottish Labour MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Scottish constituencies
Scottish Jews
Jewish British politicians
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Councillors in Glasgow
Deputy Lieutenants of Glasgow
Lord Provosts of Glasgow
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Deputy Speakers of the British House of Commons
Scottish Labour councillors
Scottish people of Russian-Jewish descent
People from Gorbals
Philly Fogarty is a camogie player, winner of two All-Star awards in 2006 and 2007. A playing substitute in Tipperary's breakthrough All Ireland victory in 1999, she won All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001 (when she scored a point in both finals), 2003 and 2004 and scored the point of the final in 2005 when she was on the defeated side. She was also nominated for an earlier All Star award in 2005. She started her career in Rosegreen school before moving to Cashel.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Akkiraz is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Aușeu (, ) is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 3,033 people. It is composed of six villages: Aușeu, Cacuciu Vechi (Kiskakucs), Codrișoru (Szekatura), Gheghie (Körösgégény), Groși (Tőtös), and Luncșoara (Élesdlok).
Geography
The commune is located in the eastern part of Bihor County, from the county seat, Oradea, on the border with Sălaj County. It lies on the banks of the Crișul Repede River, at the confluence with its right tributaries, Borod, Pârâul Omului, and Gepiș.
Demographics
At the 2011 census, 83.9% of inhabitants were Romanians, 8.8% Roma, and 5.6% Slovaks. Of those inhabitants, 77.7% were Romanian Orthodox, 8.5% Pentecostal, 6.3% Baptist, and 5.9% Roman Catholic.
Zichy Hunting Castle
The , located in Gheghie village, was commissioned by , bishop of Rožňava, and was finished in 1860. In 1904, the castle was transformed into a hunting lodge by Ödön Zichy. At the end of World War I, the estate was bought by Gheorghe Mateescu, a boyar from Muntenia. After World War II, the castle was nationalized by the Communist regime; from 1950 to 2006, it served as a sanatorium for tuberculosis patients.
Natives
Alexandru Roman (1826–1897), cultural figure, journalist, and a founding member of the Romanian Academy.
References
Communes in Bihor County
Localities in Crișana
Vejzovići is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 152, all Bosniaks.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1966 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Norra Götaland
Södra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Ester-Anna-Liisa Shiwomwenyo Nghipondoka (born 13 June 1957) is a Namibian politician and member of SWAPO. She was appointed the Minister of Education, Arts and Culture in March 2020 after having worked as deputy minister with the same portfolio since 2015.
Early life and education
Nghipondoka was born on 13 June 1957 in Ohakweenyanga, near Ongwediva in Ovamboland (today Oshana Region). Nghipondoka was educated under the Bantu Education Act. A few qualified black students could go on to non-white universities, teacher or technical training institutions in the Republic of South Africa, as there were no universities in Namibia.
She obtained a Masters of Education (specialising in inclusive education) from the University of the Western Cape, a Bachelor of Education (specialising in special education needs), a Bachelor of Arts in psychology from the University of Fort Hare, and a Junior Secondary Teacher Certificate.
Career
Prior to entering politics, Nghipondoka was a teacher, school principal and director of education for Oshikoto Region and thereafter Omusati Region followed by a stint as acting CEO for the Namibia Training Authority (2013-2014).
Nghipondoka became a member of the National Assembly in 2015 and was appointed deputy Minister of Education, Arts and Culture. In 2020 she was promoted to minister by president Hage Geingob.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Oshana Region
SWAPO politicians
Namibian educators
21st-century Namibian women politicians
21st-century Namibian politicians
Education ministers of Namibia
Women government ministers of Namibia
Women members of the National Assembly (Namibia)
University of Fort Hare alumni
University of the Western Cape alumni
Svyatoy Nos ('Holy Cape') is a large peninsula on the eastern edge of Lake Baikal, Eastern Siberia, in the Barguzinsky District of the Republic of Buryatia. It is part of the Zabaykalsky (Trans-Baikal) National Park.
The name "Svyatoy Nos" (Святой Нос) means 'Holy Cape' in Russian. Russian explorers in the 17th and 18th centuries used the word нос nos in the meaning 'cape' (metaphorically based on 'nose'). The name Svyatoy Nos originally referred to the southwestern cape of the peninsula (Мыс Нижнее Изголовье), and a (now abandoned) village on that cape. Then the name passed on the whole territory of the peninsula. In the Buryat language, the peninsula is called Hilmen Hushun, which means "sturgeon's muzzle."
Geography
The peninsula consists of two very distinct parts: a large rocky mountainous "island" (Svyatoy Nos proper), and a swampy low-lying land bridge, the Chivyrkuisky Isthmus, that connects it to the mainland. Just a few millennia ago, Svyatoy Nos was an island and it was not connected to the mainland. The isthmus was formed by sediments from the Small Chivyrkuy and Barguzin rivers on the mainland, and dust carried by wind, dividing the strait between the island and the mainland into two bays, Chivyrkuisky Bay at the northeast and Barguzinsky Bay at the southwest.
The "island" is spearhead-shaped, 56 km long and 20 km wide, with a sharp tip (at ) pointing southwest and a blunter point at the other end. A mountain ridge runs the whole length of the island; the highest point is the flat peak of Mount Markova (altitude 1878 m, at ), a popular hiking destination with a scenic view of most of Lake Baikal.
The west side of the ridge starts with a low cliff all along the shore and then rises towards the crest in a single general slope, cut by many valleys. The eastern side is more irregular, with some flat areas next to the shore in the middle part, and some broad low-lying valleys in the northeast. Snake Bay is a three-pronged 6 km wide branch of Chivyrkuisky Bay that breaks the outline of the island at that point, pushing the shore 4 km to the west.
The Svyatoy Nos ridge is roughly parallel to the Academician underwater ridge, which separates Lake Baikal into northern and southern basins and rises above the water level at the Ushkan Islands and the Olkhon Island.
A large number of brooks flow down both sides of the ridge. The largest one, the Krestovskaya River, flows into Snake Bay at . The Burmuy River runs south-east into Arangatuy Lake on the isthmus. The sand of the Marokov Beach is said be "singing", because of the sound made by walking on it. The peninsula has more than a hundred hydrothermal springs and small mud volcanoes, with various temperatures up to 85 °C. On the isthmus, the springs create many shallow brackish ponds, generally round or oval. The Zmeyevaya sulfurous springs, on the northern end of Snake Bay.
The Big Ushkan Island is located about 10 km northwest of the peninsula. There are seven islands in Chivyrkuisky Bay. The largest and southernmost one is Great Baklany, about 1300 by 160 m, is located about 6 km north of the isthmus, 6 km east of the Svyatoy Nos "island", and 4 km west of the mainland.
Flora and fauna
The central part of the island belongs to the zone of high-altitude tundra.
The island is forested with birch, larch, pine, and rhododendrons.
Habitation
There are three small settlements on the Peninsula, all on the west shore of Chivyrkuisky Bay. The largest is Kurbulik at , with about a hundred people. The other two settlements, further south, are Katun at and Monakhovo at .
There is also a place called Glinka near the shore of Barguzinsky Bay, about 1 km southwest of the isthmus (), with some tourist lodging. which is the start of a popular hiking trail to the top of Mount Markov.
The nearest significant town is Ust-Barguzin, located on the mainland shore, at the mouth of the Barguzin River, just south of the isthmus.
There is a road that leads from Ust-Barguzin and follows along the southern shore of the isthmus until the main island. It then splits into a northeast branch that follows the shore of the island, serving the three settlements and continuing until the Zmeyevaya springs. The southwest branch also follows the shore of the island, passing through the Glinka post and continuing until Cape Makarova (), the starting point of another hiking trail to the top of Mount Markov.
History
The Peninsula was once a cult place of Buryat shamans.
A luxury hotel was built at Glinka in 1989. It was built of wood over a base of stone and cement. However the wooden structure was destroyed by fire just after it opened, and only the stone base and some marble stairs remain.
In 1981 the Aeroflot Flight 498 on the route Severomuisk to Ulan-Ude crashed into the Svyatoy Nos ridge, at 1300 m altitude, while trying an emergency landing at Ust-Barguzin, killing all 48 people on board. At the time, it was the 30th worst accident in Russian aviation history.
References
Landforms of Buryatia
Peninsulas of Russia
Cui Shiping (born 18 June 1963) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Cornelius Ryan (1920–1974) was an Irish-American journalist and author known for his books on World War II.
Cornelius Ryan may also refer to:
Cornelius Ryan (politician) (1882–1939), Australian politician
Cornelius E. Ryan (1896-1972), U.S. Army general
Miloš Koprivica (, born 24 March 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Sutjeska of the Montenegrin Basketball League.
References
External links
Player profile at draftexpress.com
Player profile at eurobasket.com
1995 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball League of Serbia players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Centers (basketball)
KK Lovćen players
KK Mega Basket players
KK Partizan players
KK Podgorica players
KK Sloboda Užice players
KK Sutjeska players
People from Sokolac
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
Serbian men's basketball players
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni is an extinct species of ant in the genus Pristomyrmex. The species is known from a single Late Eocene fossil which was found in Europe.
History and classification
Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni is known from a solitary fossil, the holotype, specimen number 1.ii.1969, which is currently in the collections of the University of Copenhagen. The fossil is composed of a mostly complete adult worker which has been preserved as an inclusion in a transparent chunk of Scandinavian amber, also called Danish amber. Scandinavian amber is thought to be similar in age to the Baltic, Bitterfeld and Rovno ambers, being approximately late Eocene in age. The four amber faunas have been shown to share 17 ant species in common, which make up over 80% of the specimens in amber collections studied for a 2009 paper. Though a large portion of specimens from Scandinavian amber are of species found in the other ambers, the overall fauna found is notably different from the other three. About twenty-four genera with thirty-five species of ants have been identified as inclusions in Scandinavian amber.
The fossil was first studied by paleoentomologists Gennady M. Dlussky of the Moscow State University and A. D. Radchenko of the Polish Academy of Sciences. Their 2011 type description of the new species was published in the Russian Entomological Journal. The specific epithet rasnitsyni is a patronym honoring Russian paleoentomologist Alexandr Pavlovich Rasnitsyn.
When described, Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni was the first member of the genus Pristomyrmex to have been described from the fossil record. The modern species are found primarily in Eastern Asia south through the eastern coast of Australia. Most species live in tropical regions, with the species P. punctatus ranging north to temperate Japan on the Southern portion of Hokkaido. P. rasnitsyni is also the first record of the genus from Europe.
Description
The solitary Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni specimen is well preserved with an estimated length of around . The head is shorter than it is wide, with a clypeus sporting teeth on the sides and a single central tooth. The antennae are eleven segments long showing a fully exposed base and clubbed tips composed of three segments. While the mandibles are hard to see, they do show a blunt basal tooth in combination with a large tooth at the apex and an associated shorter tooth next to the apical tooth. The pronotum displays a pair of spines angled upward and rearward and a 40° angle. Both the alitrunk have a notable and coarse reticulated pattern, while the clypeus, petiole, and post-petiole areas are notably smooth.
References
Eocene insects
Prehistoric life of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 2011
†
†
Fossil ant taxa
Steingraeber & Söhne is a piano manufacturer in Bayreuth, Germany.
This family-owned business has its headquarters in Steingraeber Haus, a historic Rococo palace in Bayreuth. Udo Schmidt-Steingraeber is the sixth generation of Steingraebers to lead the family business.
History
The company's forebears came from a family in Rudolstadt, Thuringia that built harpsichords. The family was subsequently based in Neustadt an der Orla, where it took up instrument building. Eduard Steingraeber was born in 1823; he first apprenticed with his uncle, Gottlieb Steingraeber, in Neustadt an der Orla. During his years of travel, he worked in a number of places, including the workshop of the Viennese piano builder Nannette Streicher, daughter of the well-known Augsburg piano maker, Andreas Stein. While there, he was permitted to accompany Franz Liszt on his concert tours, where he looked after the pianos and grand pianos that Liszt "demolished" at his performances. In 1852, Eduard Steingraeber founded the Pianofortefabrik Steingraeber (Steingraeber Piano Factory) in Bayreuth. Steingraeber purchased the Liebhardt Palace on Friedrichstraße in 1871 and made it the head office of the company. It has borne the name of Steingraeber Haus ever since. The company rapidly became the largest piano factory in Bavaria. Steingraeber has also supplied pianos to the Wagner family and to the Bayreuther Festspiele since the festival began in 1876. In 1881, Richard Wagner commissioned the instrument known as the Parsifal bell, which is used in the temple scenes of his opera, Parsifal.
During high volume production periods, Steingraeber's more than thirty employees, including twelve piano builders, specialise in the manufacture of high-quality pianos that are still predominantly handcrafted. The cases are constructed of solid wood and no particle board is ever used. Steingraeber & Söhne even treats the surfaces of the piano case with shellac and wax instead of polyester and synthetic resin varnishes. The company has sought technical solutions to simplify piano playing for wheelchair users and, above all, to provide them with a serviceable alternative to working the pedals with their feet.
Steingraeber currently produces some forty uprights and seventy grand pianos per year. Since the company was founded, however, Steingraeber & Söhne has built over 40,000 grand and upright pianos.
Developments and innovations
At the 2008 Frankfurt Music Fair, Steingraeber & Söhne introduced a new grand piano that measures 232 cm in length, as well as a grand piano with a carbon fibre soundboard. This type of construction enhances stability when tuning instruments that are subject to extreme climatic fluctuations. If grand pianos are to be housed in the tropics or played at outdoor concerts, for example, then carbon fibre soundboards make good sense. The left pedal mechanism has been enhanced: when a pianist depresses the left pedal, this causes the mechanism to shift in the usual way. If he/she continues to depress the pedal, the hammers move closer to the strings, which is similar to what happens in uprights. This facilitates playing at extremely soft, pianissimo dynamic levels. Steingraeber has developed an alternative means of guiding the strings over the bridge; it is based upon earlier ideas that were implemented in trials. Normally, the strings go over two bridge pins in a zigzag pattern. In the case of the Steingraeber alternative, bridge agraffes guide the string through a metal roller and press it down onto the bridge from above. In addition, height-adjustable hitch pins allow the string tension to be adjusted. The thinking behind this design feature is twofold: uniform string tension over the bridge improves energy transmission, and when significant string friction at the bridge pins no longer exists, the ability to tune and to hold a tuning is optimized. At the moment, these are not standard features in the production of grand pianos; clients may order them for an additional fee, however.
At Steingraeber, a ball bearing mechanism is available as an alternative to the standard, leather-covered knuckle roller mechanism. Thus, a lower-friction release of the jack makes improved repetition possible. In upright pianos, Steingraeber incorporates a magnet, rather than a spring, into the tip of the jack and the hammer-butt. The magnet brings the jack back into operating position after it releases. This system is maintenance free and results in faster, more precise repetition.
Models
Steingraeber manufactures grand pianos in lengths of 170, 192, 212, 232, and 272 cm. Uprights come in 122, 130, and 138 cm in height.
As of 2020 only 60 grands and 60 uprights are being made each year.
Current grand piano models
Current upright piano models
Phoenix Pianos partnership
Hurstwood Farm Piano Studios have a partnership with Steingraeber & Söhne to make pianos with a new technology. Steingraeber ships unfinished piano acoustic cases and frames to Hurstwood Farm piano factory in Kent, England, where they receive carbon fiber soundboards, carbon fiber bridge caps, 3-D printed “D3D” actions, stainless steel strings and finished. These pianos are sold under the Phoenix Pianos brand.
References
External links
Bayreuth
Companies based in Bavaria
German brands
Piano manufacturing companies of Germany
Piano manufacturing companies
Gülistan, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Sphodromantis pardii is a species of praying mantis found in Somalia.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
P
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Somalia
Insects described in 1987
Marktschorgast is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
City arrangement
Marktschorgast is arranged in the following boroughs:
References
Kulmbach (district)
Frederic "Fred" Beal Snyder (February 21, 1859–February 14, 1951) was an American politician and lawyer.
Snyder was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He went to the Minneapolis public schools. In 1881, Snyder graduated from University of Minnesota. He was admitted to the Minnesota bar in 1882 and practices law in Minneapolis. His wife Susan Pillsbury Snyder was the daughter of Minnesota Governor John S. Pillsbury and their son was John Pillsbury Snyder. Susan Snyder died in 1891 and Snyder later remarried. Snyder served on the Minneapolis City Council from 1892 to 1896 and was president of the city council. He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1897 and 1898. He also served in the Minnesota Senate from 1899 to 1902 and was a Republican. He served on the University of Minnesota Board of Regents from 1912 to 1951 and was president of the board of regents. Snyder died rom pneumonia in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Notes
1859 births
1951 deaths
Lawyers from Minneapolis
University of Minnesota alumni
Pillsbury family
Minnesota Republicans
Minneapolis City Council members
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota state senators
Deaths from pneumonia in Minnesota
Rzeszotary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately east of Miłkowice, north of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has an approximate population of 960.
References
Rzeszotary
Zhadan i Sobaky (, Zhadan and The Dogs) is a Ukrainian ska band from Kharkiv. It was created in 2000 and named "Sobaky v kosmosi" (, literally - "Dogs in the Outer Space"). After a long-term cooperation with Ukrainian writer Serhiy Zhadan the band was renamed to "Zhadan i Sobaky".
History
The band was created in 2000. As of 2008 it has released two studio albums and has taken part in different Ukrainian festivals such as "Tavriyski ihry", "Raz. Liv", "Muzychyi Ostriv", "5 ozer", "MazepaFest", "Den Nezalezhnosti z Makhnom".
Since 2008 Sobaky v Kosmosi has collaborated with a famous Kharkiv-based writer Serhiy Zhadan. They have written two studio albums in cooperation (labeled as "Serhiy Zhadan i Sobaky v Kosmosi"), and two more as a united band named "Zhadan i Sobaky" (Zhadan and The Dogs). Zhadan is lead vocalist and lyrics author. Altogether they have released four studio albums.
Members
Oleksandr Boldyryev (vocals, guitar)
Andriy Pyvovarov (bass, vocals)
Ivan Pirozhok (trombone)
Viktor Kondratov (drums)
Artem Dmytrychenkov (trumpet)
Serhiy Kulayenko (keyboards)
Discography
Vafli (Вафли, 2002)
Gruppa ishchet Prodyusera (Группа ищет Продюсера, 2008)
In a collaboration with Serhiy Zhadan
Sportyvnyi klub armiyi (Спортивний клуб армії, 2008)
Zbroya proletariatu (Зброя пролетаріату, 2012)
Byisya za neyi (Бийся за неї, 2014)
Psy (Пси, 2016).
Madonna (Мадонна, 2019).
Links
Official page
«Эротическое ска» от Андрея Пивоварова
Тур Сергія Жадана та Собак у Космосі!
"Byisya za neyi"
Ukrainian ska groups
Ukrainian rock music groups
Musical groups from Kharkiv
Musical groups established in 2000
2000 establishments in Ukraine
Pond Life is a series of five mini-episodes of Doctor Who which were written by Chris Chibnall. They were released over five days, 27–31 August 2012, on the official Doctor Who is a website. They follow the life of the Doctor, and Amy Pond and Rory Williams. All five were broadcast as part of the BBC Red Button service on 1 September 2012.
Episodes
Episode One – April
While a voiceover has the Doctor talking to the Ponds on the phone, he is shown with a surfboard, running away from Sontarans. When he is trapped, he throws the surfboard down into some lava in order to escape. He also recalls the memory of meeting Mata Hari in a Paris hotel room and recording some backing vocals for a rap song. He says that he should visit them any day, if he can get the TARDIS to fly there properly. The Ponds are then shown; Rory deletes the Doctor's phone message and they have a toast to the Doctor.
Episode Two – May
The TARDIS materializes inside Amy and Rory's house, and the Doctor bursts into their bedroom, waking them up. In a great lather the Doctor tells them that the world is endangered and that they need to save the planet now. Suddenly, he realises that they have no idea what he's on about, and goes to leave since he's obviously arrived before any of these Earth-shattering events are happening. After Amy questions his decision, he tells them not to worry, and that everything is safe. While saying this, some clips from "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" are shown, with the Doctor, the Ponds, and others, all facing peril. The Doctor then wishes them a good night's sleep, and flies away. Unable to go back to sleep after this interlude of foreboding doom from the Doctor, the couple are seen in bed staring at the ceiling while Rory remarks "I really hate it when he does that".
Episode Three – June
Rory walks out of his room, and into the bathroom, only to be shocked by something and immediately walking out and shutting the door. He checks again inside the bathroom, still shocked. Eventually, Amy walks up to him, and requests to enter the bathroom. Rory reluctantly allows her to enter. Inside, they find an Ood sitting on their toilet, asking if they're in any need of assistance. Rory states "Ood on the loo", and Amy simply replies with "Yeah", and nodding.
Episode Four – July
The Doctor learns from the Ponds of the Ood, with the Doctor revealing that he wondered where he had gone; instead of wandering the TARDIS, as the Doctor had thought, he had gone into the Ponds' house during his last visit. The Ponds are then shown eating a cooked breakfast while the Doctor explains on the phone that the Ood was rescued from the middle of the Androvax conflict and was being transported back to the Ood Sphere. When the Doctor asks if the Ood was behaving, clips of the Ood performing housework are shown including making the bed, dispensing Amy's laptop and Rory's lunch for their "work day experience", hanging up laundry and cleaning the windows. When Rory questions the Doctor on the Ood's belief he is their butler, he is reassured that the Ood is "conditioned to serve" and the best thing to do is to allow him to continue. The Doctor ends the phone call as there's trouble in the TARDIS and as the Ponds hear the Doctor battling with it, they discuss their guilt at the Ood's service.
Episode Five – August
The Doctor calls the Ponds, asking them how they are, while fixing the light on the top of the TARDIS. He tells them that he dropped the Ood off back home, rode a horse in 11th century Coventry and inventing pasta a few centuries early. He also says that he visited them once, but they weren't there. The Doctor then asks if they're all right; then, answering his own question, says that he's foolish to worry and "The Ponds are always all right". While saying this, a silent clip of Rory walking away from their house in anger is shown, as well as a clip of Amy walking after him, yelling (possibly a phrase starting with "I hate..."), and then crying. The next clip shows the Doctor saying goodbye; then he seems to change his mind, points the sonic screwdriver at the phone and deletes the message that he'd just left. We then see Amy walk inside her house, place some items down and walk up to the phone, seeing if there's a message, which there isn't. She then says that they need their "raggedy man", as she referred to him in "The Eleventh Hour"; more specifically, that she, personally, needs the Doctor.
References
External links
2012 British television episodes
Eleventh Doctor episodes
Doctor Who mini-episodes
American literature is an academic discipline devoted to the study of American literature.
History
In the mid-19th century, English literature in the United States was generally seen, within academia, as inferior to classical literature and its study generally limited to secondary schools. The gradual legitimization of the English language within American academia was accompanied by the introduction of a limited number of university courses devoted to the study of American literature. The first university-level course in the subject was introduced at Princeton University in 1872 by John Seely Hart. By the 1880s, several universities offered undergraduate classes in American Literature, including Dartmouth College, Mount Holyoke College, the University of Notre Dame, and the University of Iowa. The first graduate-level course in American literature was taught at the University of Virginia in 1891.
In 1895, Dartmouth professor Charles Francis Richardson published a two-volume work on American Literature, 1607–1885, credited as the first attempt at a comprehensive history of American literature. The surge of nationalist fervor that accompanied United States involvement in World War I helped grow the study of American literature inside the United States. This was followed by an increased interest in the field abroad. By 1932, an assistant professorship of American Literature had been established at a French university while a chair for the study of "American civilization" had been created at Berlin University.
Journals and associations
The scholarly journal American Literature was first published in 1929. In 1989 the American Literature Association, a coalition of 110 affiliated societies mostly concerned with the work of a particular author (e.g. the Emily Dickinson International Society or the Thoreau Society), was organized.
See also
American studies
Studies in Classic American Literature
References
Academic disciplines
American literature
Nina is a Nina Simone tribute album recorded by Xiu Xiu. It was released on Graveface Records on December 3, 2013 to generally favorable reviews.
Recording
The idea for the album came while frontman Jamie Stewart was on tour with Swans. Nina was recorded in a day. The album features Jamie Stewart's voice, Ches Smith on drums, Tim Berne and Tony Malaby on saxophones, Andrea Parkins on accordion, and Mary Halvorson on guitar. The latter four had experience in avant jazz. The album reimagines rather than recreates Nina Simone's songs. It was released on Graveface Records on December 3, 2013.
Reception
Nina received a "generally favorable" score of 65 (out of 100) from the ratings aggregator Metacritic, which indicates "generally favorable" reviews. Nate Chinen from The New York Times described the album as accentuating Simone's "spooky, unsettling side". He adds that Stewart's vocals add to the "psychodrama" in "Four Women" and "the wildness" in "Wild Is the Wild". Chinen thought the art rock Nina Simone covers field was already crowded before Nina. Heather Phares of AllMusic considered Stewart's stylistic choices "provocative" and the album Stewart's "most avant-garde ... in years". She added that the album considered the "more progressive aspects" of Simone's music. Kyle Fowle of Slant Magazine thought the album to be Xiu Xiu's "most ambitious ... in years". He thought Stewart's vocal style was out of place on "Don't Explain" and "Just Say I Love Him". Billy Hamilton of Under the Radar wrote that Simone would approve of the album. Mark Richardson of Pitchfork noted a mystical connection between Xiu Xiu and Simone as artists who perform raw emotions, but described the album as a "wasted opportunity" and "weirdly conservative". For this, he blamed Stewart's vocals for being "theatrical" and insincere. Richardson praised the album's selection of songs covered.
Track listing
Personnel
Jamie Stewart – vocals, writer, producer
Ches Smith – drums, producer, arrangements
Additional personnel
Andrea Parker - accordion, electronics, piano, Moog
Mary Halvorson - guitar
Tim Berne - alto saxophone, baritone saxophone
Tony Malaby - tenor saxophone
Aaron Nevezie - recording engineer
Chris Koltay - mixing
Collin Jordan - mastering engineer
References
2013 albums
Xiu Xiu albums
Tribute albums
Avianca Flight 011, registration HK-2910X, was a Boeing 747-200B on an international scheduled passenger flight from Frankfurt via Paris, Madrid, and Caracas to Bogotá, Colombia that crashed near Madrid on 27 November 1983. It took off from Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris at 22:25 on 26 November 1983 for Madrid Barajas Airport; take-off was delayed waiting for additional passengers from a Lufthansa flight due to a cancellation of the Paris-Frankfurt-Paris segment by Avianca for operational reasons.
During the instrument landing system (ILS) approach to runway 33, the 747 crashed on a hill approximately south east of the airport, killing 181 people, including 19 on-duty and four off-duty crew members. The 11 surviving passengers were seriously injured. The cause of the accident was judged to be pilot error, the captain having incorrectly determined the position of the plane. As of 2022, Avianca Flight 011 remains the second-deadliest aviation accident in Spanish territory behind the Tenerife airport disaster, the deadliest accident in mainland Spain, and the deadliest accident in the history of Avianca.
Aircraft and crew
The aircraft was a Boeing 747-200 that first flew in 1977 and was delivered to Scandinavian Airlines the same year. The aircraft was registered as LN-RNA and was named Magnus Viking. It was leased to Avianca in 1982 and re-registered as HK-2910X and renamed Olafo. The aircraft was powered by four Pratt & Whitney JT9D-70A turbofan engines and was 6.3 years old at the time of the accident.
The captain was 58-year-old Tulio Hernández, who was one of Avianca's most experienced pilots, having been with the airline for 32 years. He had logged a total of 23,215 flight hours, including 2,432 hours on the Boeing 747.
The first officer was 36-year-old Eduardo Ramírez, who had been with the airline for 10 years and had 4,384 flight hours, with 875 of them on the Boeing 747.
The flight engineer was 57-year-old Juan Laverde, another one of Avianca's veteran pilots, who had been with the airline for 25 years and had 15,942 flight hours. He was the most experienced on the Boeing 747, having logged 3,676 hours on it. There were also two relief flight engineers on board: Daniel Zota and Julio Florez Camacho.
Accident
It was nighttime at the time of the accident, the meteorological conditions just before the crash consisted of a visibility of , and the wind was calm. About 20 minutes prior to the impact, the aircraft had obtained meteorological information on the weather conditions at Barajas from Avianca. The first contact with Spanish air traffic controllers had taken place at 23:31. At 00:03 the aircraft contacted Barajas again, and was cleared to land on runway 33; this was the air traffic controller's last contact with the aircraft. The accident took place in the township of Mejorada del Campo, approximately southeast of the Madrid Airport. The time of the accident was approximately 00:06 on 27 November. The plane hit three different hills on its way down during the crash, with the third hill being the final impact. The debris of the airplane was widely scattered as a consequence of the impacts. The crash killed 158 passengers, 19 crew members, and four off-duty crew members. Miraculously, 11 passengers (6 women and 5 men) survived, but were seriously injured. Of the injured, nine were ejected from the airplane, a few of them still in their seats, and two claimed to have exited the aircraft by themselves. The aircraft was completely destroyed by the impact and ensuing fire. The airplane was equipped with a digital flight data recorder and a cockpit voice recorder, both of which were recovered on the day of the accident in good condition.
Investigation
The crash was investigated by the Spanish Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission (CIAIAC).
There was no evidence of any anomalies in Paris prior to this flight. The crew had stayed in the city 72 hours after arriving on flight AV010 on the first day, 24 November 1983. The investigation also determined that the pilot-in-command and crew were properly licensed and qualified, as were the air traffic controllers. The aircraft carried a valid certificate of airworthiness, as well as a registration and maintenance certificate. The airplane was maintained in accordance with the prescribed maintenance program, and the navigation and approach aids were checked and found to be functioning correctly. In addition, there was no record of malfunctions in the controllers' communications or radar equipment, and no evidence was discovered of defects in the aircraft engines or systems.
Flight Number
As of 2022, Avianca still operates Flight 011, a daily non-stop flight from Madrid to Bogota, using a Boeing 787 Dreamliner.
Notable people killed
Jorge Ibargüengoitia – Mexican novelist
Ángel Rama – Uruguayan writer, academic, and literary critic
Rosa Sabater – Spanish pianist
Manuel Scorza – Peruvian novelist, poet, and political activist
Marta Traba – Argentine writer and art critic
See also
Japan Airlines Flight 123
Korean Air Flight 801
American Airlines Flight 965
Air Inter Flight 148
List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft
Prinair Flight 277
Notes
References
External links
Civil Aviation Accident and Incident Investigation Commission
Report from the Ministry of Infrastructures, Spain .
Transcript of the cockpit voice recorder (CVR)
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1983
History of Madrid
Aviation accidents and incidents in Spain
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 747
Avianca accidents and incidents
1983 in Spain
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport
1980s in Madrid
November 1983 events in Europe
Aviation accidents and incidents caused by air traffic controller error
Borzęcin Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 350.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Thomas Bever (baptised 1725 – 1791) was an English civil lawyer and legal writer. He is known also as an antiquarian scholar and patron.
Life
Bever was born at Stratfield Mortimer, Berkshire, the son of Thomas Bever and his wife Ann. He was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. 21 April 1748. At All Souls College, where he became a Fellow, he graduated bachelor of law (B.C.L.) 3 July 1753, and doctor 5 April 1758. He was admitted to Doctors' Commons 21 November 1758. He was promoted to be judged of the Cinque Ports, and chancellor of two dioceses, Lincoln and Bangor.
Bever became Admiralty Advocate in 1788. He died at his house in Doctors' Commons on 8 November 1791, unmarried. He was buried in Stratfield Mortimer church, where there was a mural monument in the chancel to his memory.
Legal lectures and writings
In 1762, Bever delivered a course of lectures on civil law at the University of Oxford. Herbert Jenner, the Regius Professor in the subject, gave them his blessing, as did the vice-chancellor. Jenner's appointment in 1753 had been political, backed by the Duke of Newcastle, and he has been regarded as ignorant of the law; he pleaded ill-health, in allowing Bever to deputise for him. Bever, on the other hand, was a follower and supporter of William Blackstone, who had been lecturing at Oxford on the English common law. The lectures, though never very popular, continued for some years. Among Oxford students who heard both Blackstone and Bever lecture, and a future judge, was William Scott.
In 1766 Bever published A Discourse on the Study of Jurisprudence, and on the Civil Law, being an Introduction to a Course of Lectures, but lacked support for the publication of his lecture series. In 1781 he brought out a volume The History of the Legal Policy of the Roman State; and of the rise, progress, and extent of the Roman Laws, which remained an unfinished work.
Other interests
In 1752 Andrew Ducarel took a holiday in Normandy with Bever as a companion. It resulted in Ducarel's book A Tour through Normandy (1754). In the mid-1750s Bever was cataloguing the Codrington Library at All Souls College.
Bever was a bibliophile already as a young man. He took an interest in music and the fine arts: Sherwin the engraver received Bever's patronage; and the copying of the religious music of Orlando di Lasso had his support, a project carried out by Robert Didsbury in 1785. Bever composed an oratorio, Hercules, and was a friend of Charles Burney.
Legacy
Bever left legal manuscripts to John Loveday the younger, and musical manuscripts to the singer John Hindle. His will shows other bequests, such as a harpsichord and music by Handel to James Bartleman. A large music library, which was soon broken up, included English composers, with a substantial collection of manuscripts by Henry Purcell, and music by Phocion Henley that Bever himself had copied.
Notes
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1791 deaths
Members of Doctors' Commons
English legal writers
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
DCBC may stand for:
Denton County Brewing Company, a craft beer brewery and taproom in Denton, Texas, United States of America
Diver Certification Board of Canada
District of Columbia Baptist Convention
Darwin College Boat Club, a rowing club of Darwin College, Cambridge, England
Davao Christian Bible Channel, a TV station in Davao City, Philippines
Downing College Boat Club, a rowing club of Downing College, Cambridge, England
Durham Community Business College, a secondary school in Ushaw Moor, County Durham, England
Flanagan and Allen were a British singing and comedy double act most active during the 1930s and 1940s. Its members were Bud Flanagan (1896 – 1968, born Chaim Weintrop) and Chesney Allen (1894–1982). They were first paired in a Florrie Forde revue, and were booked by Val Parnell to appear at the Holborn Empire in 1929.
Career
As music hall comedians, they would often feature a mixture of comedy and music in their act; this led to a successful recording career as a duo and roles in film and television. Just prior to and throughout the Second World War they appeared in several films helmed by Marcel Varnel and John Baxter. Flanagan and Allen were both also members of the Crazy Gang and worked with that team for many years concurrently with their double-act career.
Flanagan and Allen's songs featured the same, usually gentle, humour for which the duo were known in their live performances, and during the Second World War they reflected the experiences of ordinary people during wartime. Songs such as "We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line" mocked the German defences (Siegfried Line), while others including "Miss You" sang of missing one's sweetheart during enforced absences. Other songs, such as their most famous, "Underneath the Arches" (which Flanagan co-wrote with Reg Connelly), and the song "Umbrella Man" (which was used in many Merrie Melodies and Looney Tunes cartoons), had universal themes such as friendship. The music was usually melodic, following a binary verse, verse chorus structure, with a small dance band or orchestra providing the accompaniment. The vocals were distinctive because, while Flanagan was at least a competent singer and sang the melody lines, Allen used an almost spoken delivery to provide the harmonies and bass line. The duo appeared at the London Palladium at the first Royal Variety Performance in 1932.
The recordings of Flanagan and Allen and the duo are still impersonated by professionals and amateurs. Royal Variety Performances have sometimes featured people 'doing a Flanagan and Allen', notably Roy Hudd and Christopher Timothy, Bernie Winters and Leslie Crowther. In 1980, the latter two featured in a one-off musical drama called Bud & Ches, about the duo produced by ATV for the ITV network. Allen himself appeared in 1980 with Billy Dainty playing the Bud Flanagan part.
In 1971, the later comedy team Morecambe and Wise, who often expressed their admiration for Flanagan and Allen, recorded a tribute album, Morecambe and Wise Sing Flanagan and Allen (Phillips 6382 095), in which they performed some of the earlier team's best known songs in their own style, without attempting to imitate the originals.
Flanagan sang the main theme song, "Who Do You Think You Are Kidding Mr. Hitler?" for the 1968–1977 BBC Television comedy Dad's Army, a show about the wartime Home Guard.
Flanagan and Allen's song "Run Rabbit Run" had a surprising revival in 2016–17, featuring prominently in two films: Get Out and Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Selected list of Flanagan and Allen songs
"Run Rabbit, Run"
"Underneath the Arches"
"Where the Arches Used To Be"
"We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line"
"The Umbrella Man"
"Shine on Harvest Moon"
"Miss You"
"Are You Havin' Any Fun?"
"I Don't Want to Walk Without You"
"The Galloping Major"
“What More Can I Say”
Selected filmography
A Fire Has Been Arranged (1934)
Underneath the Arches (1937)
Alf's Button Afloat (1938)
Gasbags (1940)
We'll Smile Again (1942)
Theatre Royal (1943)
Here Comes the Sun (1946)
References
External links
British comedy musical groups
British comedy duos
Ne obliviscaris (Latin "Do not forget") may refer to:
Mottos
Ne Obliviscaris – motto of the Duke of Argyll as chief of the Clan Campbell
Ne Obliviscaris – motto of the Princess Louise's Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders
Ne Obliviscaris – motto of HMS Argyll and HMS Argyll (F231)
Ne Obliviscaris – motto of various schools related to the Campbell clan, including: Campbell College, George Campbell School of Technology, Campbell Collegiate, Campbell Hall School, Albert Campbell Collegiate Institute
Books
Ne Obliviscaris: Dinna Forget, memoirs of Lady Frances Balfour 2 vols. 1930
Music
Ne Obliviscaris (band), Australian band
Karacalar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Emmanuel Adama Mahama was a Ghanaian politician. He served as a Member of Parliament during the First Republic of Ghana. He is the father of John Dramani Mahama, the 4th President of the 4th Republic of Ghana.
Political career
An educator and rice farmer, he was the first Minister of State for the Northern Region under the Nkrumah government. Mahama also served as a senior presidential adviser during Ghana's Third Republic under Hilla Limann. He was also the first MP for the West Gonja constituency.
Personal life
He was a Presbyterian. His son, John Dramani Mahama was the president of Ghana from July 2012 until January 2017. His younger son, Ibrahim Mahama, is a businessman.
See also
Nkrumah government
References
|-
|-
Ghanaian MPs 1951–1954
Ghanaian MPs 1954–1956
Ghanaian MPs 1956–1965
Government ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian Presbyterians
Ghanaian Protestants
Ghanaian educators
Ghanaian presidential advisors
The Columbiana County Career and Technical Center (CCCTC) is a public school whose main focus is on preparing high school students for future careers. It also has an Adult education center located in the building.
Notes and references
External links
Official website
High schools in Columbiana County, Ohio
Public high schools in Ohio
Kaşlıkaya, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
May Bukas Pa () is a 2009–2010 Philippine religious-themed television series, inspired by the 1955 Spanish film, Marcelino pan y vino. Directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan, Jojo A. Saguin, and Erick C. Salud, it is topbilled by Zaijian Jaranilla together with an ensemble cast. The series originally aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from February 2, 2009 to February 5, 2010 replacing Eva Fonda, with a total of 263 episodes and 38 chapters.
Series overview
Episodes
2009
Chapters 1–28 (Episodes 1–160)
Chapters 28–29 (Episodes 161–195)
Chapters 29–34 (Episodes 196–237)
2010
Chapter 34 (Episodes 238–240)
Chapters 34–37 (Episodes 241–259)
Chapter 38 (Episodes 260–263)
References
External links
May Bukas Pa TFCnow
May Bukas Pa ABS-CBN
Lists of children's television series episodes
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
2000s television-related lists
2010s television-related lists
Gosforth West may refer to:
West Gosforth, an electoral ward, Newcastle upon Tyne, England
Gosforth West Middle School, the former name of Gosforth Junior High School in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England
Arabia Mountain is the sixth studio album by American garage punk band Black Lips, released on June 7, 2011. The album was written and recorded over a nine-month stretch from March 2010 to January 2011. Lockett Pundt produced "Bicentennial Man" and "Go Out and Get It", while Mark Ronson was responsible for producing the rest. The production by Ronson was conducted first in a Brooklyn studios, but completed in Black Lips' hometown of Atlanta due to time constraints. The music video for the first single, "Go Out and Get It", was released on March 2. The music video for the second single, "Modern Art", was released on April 5. "New Direction" was leaked to the public by Rolling Stone on May 16. The music video for "Raw Meat" was chosen by Pitchfork in The Top Music Videos of 2011.
Critical reception
Arabia Mountain was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 80 based on 25 reviews. At AnyDecentMusic?, the release was given a 7.7 out of 10 based on a critical consensus of 24 reviews
Licensing
"New Direction" was featured on the AMC television channel.
"The Lie" is featured on the soundtrack for Need for Speed: The Run.
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Black Lips
Cole Alexander - guitar, vocals, skull
Jared Swilley - bass, vocals
Ian St. Pé - guitar, vocals
Joe Bradley - drums, vocals
Additional personnel
Mark Ronson – production
Lockett Pundt – production
Wayne Gordon - Audio engineer
Mike Wright - Audio engineer on "Noc-A-Homa"
Mike McHugh - Audio engineer on "Time," "Dumpster Dive," "Family Tree," "Bicentennial Man," "Go Out and Get It," "You Keep On Running"
Ed Rawls - Audio engineer on "Family Tree," "Bicentennial Man," "Go Out and Get It," "You Keep On Running"
Justin McNeight - Audio engineer on "Family Tree," "Bicentennial Man," "Go Out and Get It," "You Keep On Running"
Ira Raibon - Saxophone on "Family Tree"
Dale Stuckenbruck - Musical Saw on "Raw Meat," "Modern Art," and "Bone Marrow"
Cochemea Gastelum - Saxophone on "Mad Dog"
References
Black Lips albums
2011 albums
Antoine Claraz (8 September 1909, in Fribourg – 2 June 1997, in Fribourg), was a Swiss painter, sculptor and art teacher.
A selection of his work was exhibited in Musée d'art et d'histoire, Fribourg in 2000.
Works
Equestrian statue of Berthold IV, Duke of Zähringen, 1965, at Fribourg.
References
External links
1909 births
1997 deaths
20th-century Swiss sculptors
People from Fribourg
20th-century Swiss male artists
William John Samarin (February 7, 1926 - January 16, 2020) was an American-born linguist and academic who was Professor at the Hartford Seminary and the University of Toronto. He is best known for his work on the language of religion, on the two central African languages Sango and Gbeya, on pidginization, and on ideophones in African languages.
Education and career
After obtaining undergraduate degrees from the Bible Institute of Los Angeles and the University of California, Berkeley, Samarin became a missionary linguist and studied the Gbeya and Sango languages of the Ubangi-Shari region (now the Central African Republic). He received his Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1962. His first appointment as a professor of linguistics was at the Hartford Seminary, which he left for the University of Toronto in 1968. In 2019, he received a Lifetime Achievement Award of the Society for Pidgin and Creole Linguistics.
Research
Samarin spent almost a decade in Central Africa studying Gbeya, Sango and other African languages. He was one of the first to study ideophones in a number of different African languages, and he did extensive research on the history of the Sango language, which he claimed involved pidginization.
Another strand of his work relates to the language of religion, in particular glossolalia in charismatic Christianity. This work was partly based on participant observation, as Samarin grew up as a member of the Molokan community in Los Angeles.
Samarin was also the author of the first textbook on field research in linguistics, and the first to use the term “field linguistics” (Samarin 1967). He also authored an important early article about ideophones.
Bibliography
Samarin, William J. 1962. The Gbeya language. Berkeley: UC Berkeley Ph.D. dissertation.
Samarin, William J. 1966. The Gbeya language: Grammar, texts, and vocabularies. Berkeley: University of California Press.
Samarin, William J. 1967a. A grammar of Sango. Paris: Mouton.
Samarin, William J. 1967b. Basic course in Sango. Winona Lake, Ind.: Grace College.
Samarin, William J. 1967c. Field linguistics: A guide linguistic field work. New York, N.Y.: Holt, Rinehart & Winston.
Samarin, William J. 1972. Tongues of men and angels: The religious language of Pentecostalism. Macmillan.
Samarin, William J. 1978. Language in religious practice. Rowley, Ma.: Newbury House.
Samarin, William J. 1989. The Black man's burden: African colonial labor on the Congo and Ubangi rivers, 1880-1900. Boulder: Westview Press.
Samarin, William J. 1998. C'est passionnant d'être passionné: A memoir of my life as a linguist. In Koerner, E.F.K. (ed.), First-Person Singular III: Autobiographies by North American scholars in the language sciences. Amsterdam: Benjamins.
Samarin, William J. 2013a. Sango. In Michaelis, Susanne Maria, Maurer, Philippe, Haspelmath, Martin & Huber, Magnus (ed.), The Survey of Pidgin and Creole Languages, Volume III, 13–24. Oxford: Oxford University Press. (Also online: APiCS Online - Survey chapter: Sango)
Samarin, William J. 2013b. Sango structure dataset. In: APiCS Online (https://apics-online.info/contributions/59)
References
External links
William J. Samarin archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
1926 births
University_of_California,_Berkeley_alumni
Linguists from the United States
Linguists from Canada
University of Toronto faculty
20th-century linguists
2020 deaths
Linguists of pidgins and creoles
Adelia Armstrong Lutz (; June 25, 1859 – November 17, 1931) was an American artist active in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. She organized art circles in Knoxville, Tennessee, as director of the Knoxville Art Club and as a co-organizer of the Nicholson Art League. Her still lifes and portraits were exhibited throughout the American South, and they are to be the subject of a permanent exhibit at her former home, Historic Westwood.
Lutz's home in Knoxville, Westwood, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Life
Lutz was born Adelia Ann Armstrong at the home of her maternal grandparents in Jefferson County, Tennessee. She was the daughter of Robert and Louise (Franklin) Armstrong, and granddaughter of Drury Armstrong, an early Knoxville landowner whose house, Crescent Bend, still stands on Kingston Pike. She spent her childhood in the antebellum mansion built by her father, Bleak House. Lutz was a sister-in-law of novelist Anne W. Armstrong (1872–1958), who married Lutz's brother, Robert Franklin Armstrong, in 1905.
Lutz attended the East Tennessee Female Institute in Knoxville in the early 1870s, where she was a classmate of future Knoxville philanthropist Mary Boyce Temple. She later attended the Southern Home School in Baltimore and Augusta Seminary (Mary Baldwin College) in Staunton, Virginia. She continued her art training at the Corcoran Gallery in Washington, D.C., and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia. During this period, she toured Europe.
After returning to Knoxville, Lutz taught painting out of a studio located in the Kern Building on Market Square. She married entrepreneur John Edwin Lutz (1854–1920) in a large ceremony at Knoxville's Second Presbyterian Church on February 10, 1886. Their home, Westwood, which stands on land given to Lutz by her father, was completed in 1890. The house's design incorporated a studio and gallery for Lutz, which she would often open to visitors in subsequent years. The Lutzes had two children, Louise Lutz Holloway and Edwin Rowland Lutz.
Lutz was a director of the Knoxville Art Club and an inaugural member of its successor, the Nicholson Art League. This League included among its members painters Lloyd Branson, Catherine Wiley, and Charles Krutch, photographer Joseph Knaffl, and architect George Franklin Barber. Lutz posed for one of Branson's earliest portraits in 1878, and her studio was photographed by his partner, Frank B. McCrary, in the late 1880s. Lutz's painting, "Motherless," was exhibited at the Tennessee Centennial Exposition in Nashville in 1897, and she and several other Nicholson members exhibited work at a Richmond Art Club exposition in Virginia in 1902. Lutz helped organize the art displays at the Appalachian expositions of 1910 and 1911, and she was on the Executive Board of the Art Department for the National Conservation Exposition in 1913.
Lutz continued painting until her death in 1931. She was initially buried in Knoxville's New Gray Cemetery, but was later reinterred at Highland Memorial Cemetery off Kingston Pike. Lutz's home, Westwood, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Her granddaughter, Cecil Holloway Matheny, resided at the house until her death in 2009 at the age of 97. Lutz's studio within the house remains much as Lutz left it, and at the time of Matheny's death still contained some of Lutz's unfinished paintings.
Works
While Lutz occasionally painted portraits (especially of her children) and landscapes, her favorite subject matter was flowers, especially hollyhocks, which she also grew in her garden at Westwood. Her works were exhibited at expositions throughout the South, and occasionally won various awards. Her paintings are currently part of the collections of the Knoxville Museum of Art, the East Tennessee History Center, and the Tennessee State Museum.
Lutz did much of her work in her studio in Westwood. The studio consists of one long room resembling a cathedral, with a high ceiling and skylights. The walls are painted in Lutz's preferred color of red. The studio's fireplace contains tiles painted with the portraits of Lutz's favorite authors.
Gallery
References
External links
Adelia Lutz – entries at the Calvin M. McClung Historical Collection
People from Knoxville, Tennessee
1859 births
1931 deaths
Painters from Tennessee
American women painters
20th-century American painters
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
19th-century American painters
People from Jefferson County, Tennessee
Mary Baldwin University alumni
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
Unicity refers to various things.
As a city-zoning and city unification term, unicity may refer to:
A section of the city of Winnipeg, Manitoba
The unification of the City of Cape Town's local government
The 1971 City of Winnipeg Act, which is often called unicity.
Unicity is a European city in which students from Turkish and German schools co-create in the Cospaces environment within the eTwinning project in 2018.
Service
The Unicity Bus System, which is a service of the city of Newark, New Jersey, and UD Transit of the University of Delaware.
Other
A unicity theorem, often called a uniqueness theorem
Unicity (computer science), a measure of the ease of re-identification of individuals in sets of metadata
Unicity distance, a term in cryptography
Unicity, an album by Edward Simon
Unicity (philosophy), a concept that explains the particularity of each entity
This article lists the results for the Thailand national football team between 2000 and 2009.
Only record the results that affect the FIFA/Coca-Cola World Ranking. See FIFA 'A' matches criteria.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
References
Football Association of Thailand
Thai Football.com
Thai football page of Fifa.com
Thai football Blog
2000s in Thai sport
2000
David Tijanić (born 16 July 1997) is a Slovenian football player who plays for Göztepe.
Club career
Tijanić made his Slovenian PrvaLiga debut for Olimpija Ljubljana on 5 March 2017 in a game against Rudar Velenje.
On 2 May 2021, Tijanić scored the winning goal in the Polish Cup final, helping Raków Częstochowa to their first ever major honour.
International career
Tijanić made his national team debut on 7 October 2020 in a friendly against San Marino.
Honours
Raków Częstochowa
Polish Cup: 2020–21
Polish SuperCup: 2021
Notes
References
External links
NZS profile
1997 births
Living people
Slovenian footballers
Association football midfielders
Slovenia youth international footballers
Slovenia under-21 international footballers
Slovenia international footballers
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) players
NK Krka players
NK Triglav Kranj players
Raków Częstochowa players
Göztepe S.K. footballers
Slovenian Second League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Ekstraklasa players
Süper Lig players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Romlingane Peaks () is a chain of peaks extending from the west side of Vendeholten Mountain, in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Romlingane (the fugitives).
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
R. Velappan Nair was a former Malayalam film director, producer and cinematographer. His movie in 1969, Aaryankavu Kollasangam was a very new experiment in Indian cinema.
Biography
Velappan Nair was born in an affluent, aristocratic family Illickal in Alappuzha on 29 November 1907. His passion for theatre brought his school education to an abrupt halt. He even joined a drama troupe from Tamil Nadu and went off with them without informing his family. This troupe travelled and reached Madras. He worked there in Syamala Film Studio as assistant director and also picked up the basics of cinematography.
In 1950, he directed his first Malayalam movie named Sthree story based on the drama with the same name of Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. And, he was also the cameraman of the film. After, Velappan Nair directed Yachakan in '51, Lokaneethi in '53, Kalam Marunnu in '55, Minnunnathellam Ponnalla in '57, Aaryankavu Kollasangam in'69.
Filmography
Sthree (1950)
Yachakan (1951)
Lokaneethi (1953)
Kalam Marunnu (1955)
Minnunnathellam Ponnalla (1957)
Aaryankavu Kollasangam (1969)
References
External links
മലയാള സിനിമ നവതിയിലേക്ക്
1907 births
Malayalam film directors
Indian film directors
Indian cinematographers
Year of death missing
In computer networking, Rate Based Satellite Control Protocol (RBSCP) is a tunneling method proposed by Cisco to improve the performance of satellite network links with high latency and error rates.
The problem RBSCP addresses is that the long RTT on the link keeps TCP virtual circuits in slow start for a long time. This, in addition to the high loss give a very low amount of bandwidth on the channel. Since satellite links may be high-throughput, the overall link utilized may be below what is optimal from a technical and economic view.
Means of operation
RBSCP works by tunneling the usual IP packets within IP packets. The transport protocol
identifier is 199. On each end of the tunnel, routers buffer packets to utilize the link
better. In addition to this, RBSCP tunnel routers:
modify TCP options at connection setup.
implement a Performance Enhancing Proxy (PEP) that resends lost packets on behalf of the client, so loss is not interpreted as congestion.
See also
https://web.archive.org/web/20110706144353/http://cisco.biz/en/US/docs/ios/12_3t/12_3t7/feature/guide/gt_rbscp.html
Computer networking
Orzełek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
National Highway 544D, commonly called NH 544D is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 44. NH-544D traverses the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Route
Anantapur, Tadipatri, Kolimigundla, Owk, Banaganapalli, Nandyal, Gajualapalli, Giddalur, Cumbum, Thokapalli, Vinukonda, Narasaraopet, Guntur.
Junctions
Terminal near Ananthpur.
near Tadipatri.
near Nandyal.
near Narasaraopet.
Terminal near Guntur.
See also
List of National Highways in India
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 544D on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Andhra Pradesh
Car and Universal Finance Co Ltd v Caldwell [1965] 1 QB 525 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It holds that an unequivocal act communicating the wish to rescind a contract can override third party rights. The communication does not need to go to the misrepresentor.
Facts
Mr Caldwell owned a Jaguar. A rogue named 'Mr Norris' convinced him to sell it for a £965 cheque and a £10 deposit. On 13 January when he tried to cash the cheque it was dishonoured. Mr Caldwell told the police and the Automobile Association straight away. Mr Norris sold the car to some dealers, who sold it on, and it was sold on again and again to Car and Universal Finance Ltd. They bought the car in good faith without any notice. The question was whether Caldwell had validly rescinded before the car was acquired by a bona fide purchaser for value without notice?
Judgment
High Court
Lord Denning MR (sitting in the Queen's Bench) said the contract was validly rescinded. It was so without communication, but through an unequivocal act of election, demonstrating Caldwell no longer wished to be bound.
Court of Appeal
Seller LJ, on appeal said the ‘general rule, no doubt, is that where a party is entitled to rescind a contract and wishes to do so the contract subsists until the opposing party is informed that the contract has been rescinded. He noted that just because, ‘another innocent party or parties may suffer does not in my view of the matter justify imposing on a defrauded seller an impossible task.'
Upjohn LJ said if a party absconds and makes communication of rescission impossible, he cannot insist on his right to be made aware. ‘I think that the law must allow the innocent party to exercise his right of rescission otherwise than by communication or repossession.'
Davies LJ noted the old maxim lex non cogit ad impossibilia (the law does not compel the impossible).
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
Lord Denning cases
1965 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1965 in case law
The men's shot put event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 17 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
The S2 10.3 is an American sailboat that was designed by Graham & Schlageter as a racer-cruiser and first built in 1982. The designation indicates the approximate length overall in meters.
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland, Michigan, United States from 1982 to 1987, with 45 boats built.
Design
The S2 10.3 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a reverse transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed fin keel or shoal draft keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar 2GM diesel engine for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for eight people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin, two straight settee berths in the main cabin and two aft cabins with double berths. The galley is located on the starboard side just forward of the companionway ladder. The galley is "L"-shaped and is equipped with a two-burner stove and a sink. A navigation station is opposite the galley, on the port side. The head is located just aft of the bow cabin on the port side.
For sailing downwind the design may be equipped with a symmetrical spinnaker.
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Graham & Schlageter
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
Budureasa () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 2,581 people. It is composed of five villages: Budureasa, Burda (Borda), Saca (Száka), Săliște de Beiuș (Belényesszeleste) and Teleac (Telek).
The Stâna de Vale resort is located in the commune.
References
Budureasa
Localities in Crișana
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Apostle Islands National Lakeshore.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Apostle Islands National Lakeshore, Wisconsin, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are thirteen properties and districts listed on the National Register in the park.
Current listings
|--
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ashland County, Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bayfield County, Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wisconsin
References
Richard Muir (born 18 June 1943) is a British landscape archaeologist and author living outside Harrogate, Yorkshire.
Education
Muir was awarded his first degree and his doctorate by the University of Aberdeen where he is now an Honorary Research Fellow. He has been a lecturer in geography at several British and Irish universities.
Publications
He has been widely published for over 30 years on landscape history. He founded and initially edited the journal Landscapes.
His works include:
Modern Political Geography (1975)
The English Village (1980)
The Lost Villages of Britain (1982)
History From The Air (1983)
The National Trust Guide to Prehistoric and Roman Britain (with H Welfare, 1983)
The Yorkshire Countryside: A Landscape History (1997)
Landscape Encyclopaedia (2004)
References
1943 births
Living people
British archaeologists
Raghav Bahl is an Indian businessman, a serial entrepreneur, and an investor best known for his past ownership of several television channels, including TV18 India. He was the Founding/Controlling shareholder & managing director of Network18 Group, a media group that he started in 1993 and grew into one of the largest collection of media properties in India.
At its peak, the group controlled by Raghav Bahl included media and internet-based media outlets such as in.com, IBNLive.com, Moneycontrol.com, Firstpost.com, Cricketnext, Homeshop18, bookmyshow.com, Forbes India, TV channels such as Colors and some in partnership with international media groups such as NBC TV18, CNN-IBN, IBN7, MTV, and CNBC Awaaz.
By late 2011, according to a LiveMint article, Bahl's media group had a large debt, was running in loss and banks were unwilling to lend the group additional capital. Bahl's group sought capital from the Reliance Industries Ltd in 2012, and two years later Reliance took over the media empire and Bahl left the Network18 group on 29 May 2014.
After departing from the Network18 group, Bahl co-founded Quintillion Media Pvt Ltd with his wife Ritu Kapur. This media group controls Thequint.com. Bahl's new venture entered a joint venture agreement with Bloomberg L.P. to launch BloombergQuint in 2016.
Early life
He received his schooling from St. Xavier's School, Delhi. He graduated in Economics Honors from St. Stephens College, and then did a Masters in Business Administration from the Faculty of Management Studies.
His sister, Vandana Malik, also served in various positions under the Network18 Group. Her daughter and Bahl's niece, Avantika Malik, is married to Bollywood actor Imran Khan.
Career
He began his career as a management consultant with A.F. Ferguson & Co, followed by a stint with American Express Bank, and later moved on to media. Raghav has over 22 years experience in television and journalism.
He started his career in media in 1985 as a Correspondent and Anchorperson for Doordarshan. He was the Anchorperson and Production Consultant for India's first monthly video news magazine, Newstrack, produced by the India Today group. From 1991 to 1993, he was the Executive Director of Business India Television and produced the Business India Show and Business A.M. on Doordarshan.
In 1999, he launched CNBC-TV18. He was responsible for directing most of the work of TV18 and channels like CNBC-Awaaz, Nickelodeon and Colors. Raghav served as the managing director of TV18 Group till July 2014.
By attracting media talent such as Rajdeep Sardesai and Sameer Manchanda, Bahl built an audience for his media properties.
By late 2011, Bahl's media group had amassed a large debt, was running in loss and banks were unwilling to lend the group additional capital. Bahl's group sought capital from the Reliance Industries Ltd in 2012. Bahl then brought the losses in his group under control, laid off hundreds of employees in his media group, closed or trimmed many of the properties within the group, according to the LiveMint.
Two years later, in 2014, under the terms of this financing agreement, Reliance took over the Network18 group. With the change in ownership, Bahl left the Network18 Group in 2014.
After leaving the Network18 Group, he founded Quintillion Media, a digital startup that publishes The Quint, along with his wife Ritu Kapur on 8 July 2014.
Writing
He has authored three books:
Super Power? The Amazing Race Between China's Hare and India's Tortoise (Penguin, 2012)
SuperEconomies: America, India, China, and the Future of the World (Penguin, 2016)
Super Century: What India Must Do to Rise by 2050 (Penguin, 2019)
Awards
In 1994, the World Economic Forum called Raghav a Global Leader of Tomorrow, and he won India's Sanskriti Award for Journalism.
In 2007, he was named Ernst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year for Business Transformation.
In 2008, he won the Indian Telly Award for Lifetime Contribution to Indian Television.
In 2011, he won the India Management Association's Media Person of the Year award, as well as the Bombay Management Association's prize for Entrepreneur of the Year.
In 2017, he won the ISOMES SAMMAN by BAG Network24's in their Media Fest "MANTHAN".
Controversy
The Income tax department had raided Bahl's premises in Noida in October 2018 on charges of "bogus long term capital gains (LTCG) received by various beneficiaries" and other charges of tax evasion.
Bahl had allegedly made ₹1.14 billion out of an investment of ₹30.3 million made in a penny stock company called PMC Fincorp that was promoted by a certain Raj Kumar Modi in 2011. Raj Kumar Modi is managing director of PMC Fincorp.
ED also filed a case against Bahl regarding Money Laundering.
References
External links
Raghav Bahl at Penguin India
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Faculty of Management Studies – University of Delhi alumni
Indian television directors
Delhi University alumni
Roche Creek is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Roche Creek had a population of 55 people.
Geography
The locality presumably takes its name from the creek, which rises in the south-east of the locality and flows through the locality exiting to the north-west (Grosmont) where it becomes a tributary of the Juandah Creek.
History
Roche Creek Provisional School opened in 1914 and closed circa 1917.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Alköy is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Events from the year 1227 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Lord: Henry III
Events
The port of New Ross granted trading concessions from Henry III.
Deaths
Luke Netterville (Lucas de Nutrevilla), an Anglo-Norman churchman and archbishop of Armagh
References
1220s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 13th century in Ireland
Mani's Parents is a color painting on silk drawn in the coastal areas of southern China during the late Yuan and early Ming dynasties. It is in the collection of the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco, USA, and was donated by Ivory Brendage. The title given on the official website of the museum is "Fragment of a Manichaen Mandala".
After Miki Morita's research, especially after comparing it with "The Birth of Mani", it is believed that the painting is a work of Manichaeism, depicting the image of the father and mother of Mani, the founder of the religion, Mani and Mani. Morita's research results were published in "Piecing a Picture Together: A New Manichaean Perspective on a Chinese Religious Painting in the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco", a view which was also adopted by the religious art historian Gu Leci in her work "Mani's Pictures". This painting was originally part of a large-scale Manichean silk painting. The drawing technique and artistic style are the same as those in "The Legend of the Holy One", "The Birth of Mani" and the "Manichae Universe".
Brief analysis
Miki Morita identified this painting as Manichaean mainly by its artistic style: the woman sitting in the hall of the main hall is very similar to the image of Mani in The Birth of Mani, and the artistic style of this painting is almost identical to that of the birth picture, which shows that it depicts "how Mani was conceived". The first half of this account is a reference to the birth of a mani. The first half of this entry states that Man-yin's strict observance of the precepts of fasting and purification enabled her to conceive the saint Mani, which is the message the painting is supposed to convey. In addition, the painting lacks the important element of the white elephant entering the dream of the Māyāvādīs, which is usually depicted in the birth of the Buddha, indicating that it is not a Buddhist painting..
Excursus
Eight silk hanging scrolls with Manichaean didactic images from southern China from between the 12th and the 15th centuries, which can be divided into four categories:
Two single portraits (depicting Mani and Jesus)
Icon of Mani
Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus
One scroll depicting Salvation Theory ()
Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation
Four scrolls depicting Prophetology ()
Mani's Parents
Birth of Mani
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work
Mani's Community Established
One scroll depicting Cosmology ()
Manichaean Diagram of the Universe
References
Chinese Manichaean art
Paintings in China
Religious paintings
Cetilistat is a drug designed to treat obesity. It acts in the same way as the older drug orlistat (Xenical) by inhibiting pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine. Without this enzyme, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested.
In human trials, cetilistat was shown to produce similar weight loss to orlistat, but also produced similar side effects such as oily, loose stools, fecal incontinence, frequent bowel movements, and flatulence. It is likely that the same precautions would apply in that absorption of fat-soluble vitamins and other fat-soluble nutrients may be inhibited, requiring vitamin supplements to be used to avoid deficiencies.
Cetilistat has completed Phase 1 and 2 trials in the West and is currently in Phase 3 trials in Japan where it is partnered with Takeda. Norgina BV acquired the full global rights to cetilistat from Alizyme after the latter went into administration.
A published phase 2 trial found cetilistat significantly reduced weight and was better tolerated than orlistat.
Takeda gained approval to market Cetilistat in Japan but terminated the license agreement with Norgine in 2018.
See also
Anti-obesity medication
References
Antiobesity drugs
Benzoxazines
Lactones
Ethers
Lipase inhibitors
The Cellar is a 1980 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It was Laymon's first published novel, and together with sequels The Beast House, The Midnight Tour, and the novella Friday Night in Beast House, forms the series known by fans of Laymon as "The Beast House Chronicles." The Cellar is an example of a splatterpunk novel, containing much extreme violence and gore, as well as adult themes including rape, incest, paedophilia, and serial murder. Laymon is often associated with this genre.
Synopsis
Donna, the book's protagonist, goes on the run with her daughter Sandy when she learns that her ex-husband, who molested Sandy for years, has been released from prison. After a car accident leaves them stranded in the small California coastal town of Malcasa Point, Donna and Sandy cross paths with Judgement, a mercenary hired tracking down and kill the murderous creature that supposedly haunts a local tourist attraction, the Beast House. Judge's employer, Larry, is an elderly man who had a traumatic encounter with the Beast as a child. Over the years the Beast has been connected with various rapes and murders that have happened in the house.
Reception
Like much of Laymon's work, The Cellar has been controversial for its extreme content, especially in regards to its depiction of sexual and sadistic violence. It has also been dismissed by some critics as poorly written. In his non-fiction book about the horror genre, Danse Macabre, Stephen King shows dislike of the novel: "There are haunted-house stories beyond numbering, most of them not very good (The Cellar, by Richard Laymon, is one example of the less successful breed)." (However, King would go on to praise Laymon's writing, a pullquote attributed to King frequently appearing on his novels: "If you've missed Laymon, you've missed a treat.")
Nonetheless, the "Beast House" series, of which The Cellar is the first, has been consistently popular with Laymon fans, and warranted reprints.
Limited Edition
In 1997, Cemetery Dance Publications printed a limited edition hardcover version of The Cellar under . The new edition featured an introduction by Bentley Little, an afterword by Laymon himself, and new artwork by Alan M. Clark. It also featured signatures from all three. The book was released in a Slipcased Limited Edition of 500 signed and numbered copies, and a Traycased Lettered Edition of 26 signed and lettered copies.
Links and references
Cemetery Dance official page for The Cellar
References
1980 American novels
Novels by Richard Laymon
Debut fantasy novels
Novels set in California
1980 debut novels
The Sulu Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Sulu.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Sulu.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Abdulsakur Tan II (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Sulu
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Dalmazio Moner (1291 - 24 September 1341) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest and a professed member of the Order of Preachers from Girona. Moner lived a humble life of solitude at his convent in Girona and later lived a period in France in a cave before being summoned back to Girona where he later died.
His beatification received formal ratification from Pope Innocent XIII on 13 August 1721 after the latter confirmed the late friar's local 'cultus' - or popular devotion.
Life
Dalmazio Moner was born in 1291 in Spain - under Aragonese monarchical rule - to Catalan nobles. He studied in both his hometown of Girona and in Montpellier.
He became a professed member of the Order of Preachers in Girona at the age of fifteen in 1306 and was later ordained to the priesthood at some point. Moner never wore a habit that was not in tatters and he picked up items of clothing from his fellow friars that were worn out and wore them as both a humble act of poorness and a penitential act. The friar never consumed fish or eggs and he instead lived on a diet of unseasoned vegetables and hard bread though he added a few ashes to such meals during each Lent. He also slept on bare earth and he often visited a local church to reflect and take an occasional nap in which he rested his head on the altar step. On one occasion a novice tempted to leave the order received a visit from Moner who convinced him otherwise and saw the novice remain in the order and on another occasion refused to help a mother heal her child of a serious sight disease after he said the disease would save him from serious sin and that God would decide the right time for the child to be healed. Moner did not speak to women much though when he did he turned his back to them and spoke over his shoulder. He refused all administrative offices offered to him. He was also commissioned to found a convent in Castellón de Ampurias and after its construction returned to Girona in 1331.
Sometime in the last four decades of his life he relocated to southern France and lived in Marseille in the cave that was said to be the place where Mary Magdalene once lived in and he ventured there as part of a pilgrimage. He left the cave just to attend choir sessions and to attend Mass. In 1334 he began his life of solitude in the cave and then in 1337 he returned to Girona after being summoned where he spent the remainder of his life in his convent.
He died on 24 September 1341 and his remains were interred in Girona.
Beatification
Moner's beatification received official approval from Pope Innocent XIII on 13 August 1721 after the pontiff ratified a decree that confirmed the late friar's local 'cultus' - otherwise known as popular and enduring veneration to him.
References
External links
The Order of Preachers, Independent
1291 births
1341 deaths
13th-century venerated Christians
13th-century Aragonese Roman Catholic priests
14th-century venerated Christians
14th-century Aragonese Roman Catholic priests
Beatifications by Pope Innocent XIII
Dominican beatified people
Members of the Dominican Order
People from Girona
Spanish beatified people
Spanish Roman Catholic priests
Spanish Dominicans
Venerated Catholics
Venerated Dominicans
Talkspace is an online and mobile therapy company based in New York City. It was founded by Oren and Roni Frank in 2012. Talkspace users have access to licensed therapists through the website or mobile app on iOS and Android. Talkspace has made questionable claims about its effectiveness, compromised user privacy, posted fake reviews to improve its rating in an app store, and uses freelance therapists of uncertain qualifications.
History
Talkspace was founded in 2012 by Roni and Oren Frank. The company was conceived after a transformative experience in couples therapy that saved their marriage. The results of psychotherapy were so meaningful for Roni Frank that, wanting to share it with others, she chose to pursue a master's degree in psychoanalysis and psychotherapy.
Talkspace began as a group therapy platform, but has evolved to a company offering online psychotherapy from licensed therapists. Talkspace introduced Unlimited Messaging Therapy in 2014, providing users text messaging with a therapist on the Talkspace website or mobile app. Clients and therapists can also send audio and video messages on the platform or schedule live video sessions.
In February 2015, the therapy platform was expanded to include couples therapy. As of July 2016, real-time voice and video calls are available during therapy sessions.
In May 2015, Talkspace raised $9.5 million from Spark Capital and SoftBank. In June 2016, the company raised $15 million from Norwest Venture Partners.
In addition to reporting on a nationwide uptick in demand for psychotherapy, Talkspace saw requests for therapy appointments triple in the wake of the 2016 presidential election, with increases seen across demographic groups, but were particularly high for minorities. According to a study conducted in partnership with HealthMap researchers at Boston Children's Hospital, a quarter of Talkspace users polled reported feeling “very stressed.” In 2018, Talkspace hired Neil Leibowitz, MD, JD, as its Chief Medical Officer.
In September 2017, the company raised $31 million from a Series C round led by Qumra Capital. In August 2019, the company raised $50 million Series D funding and entered into a partnership with Optum.
Talkspace saw a significant uptick in demand for psychotherapy during the COVID-19 pandemic, attributed to both the increased emotional toll of the pandemic and the restrictions put in place on people's physical movements. The company offered a free month of online therapy services to medical workers during the pandemic.
In May 2020, Cigna added Talkspace virtual therapy services to the company's telehealth offerings.
In November 2021, the Chief Operating Officer, CEO, and head of clinical services all resigned within a span of weeks. The company disclosed that some of the resignations were in connection to an offsite company events. Shareholder rights law firms announced investigations that the company's former leadership violated securities law.
Product
Talkspace provides psychotherapy via smartphone, tablet, or desktop where users over the age of 13 can get help from a licensed therapist. Talkspace is a monthly subscriptions service with prices starting at US$260 per month. The platform allows users to communicate with their therapist via video, audio, and text messaging. Depending on the plan, users may also have access to a number of 30-minute video conference session per month.
Based on initial information provided, clients are paired with a psychotherapist by an intake specialist or can select one from several suggested by a matching algorithm. Therapeutic approaches offered by therapists include Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and other evidence-based treatment options. Talkspace has grown to include over 1.5 million clients and includes therapists in all 50 states. The company uses machine learning and artificial intelligence tools to analyze anonymized transcripts of therapy sessions in order to improve services.
Talkspace is also HIPAA BAA compliant and uses encryption to maintain client confidentiality. All therapists are licensed and screening involves background-checks, technical training, and clinical interviews.
Lawsuit
Following the resignation of its senior leadership team in 2021, a class action lawsuit alleging securities fraud was filed. The suit claimed that the company failed to disclose its declining user base and overvalued its accounts.
Criticism
Psychologist Todd Essig has criticized Talkspace in four different articles for conflicting business and clinical interests, making scientific claims about its effectiveness, violating patient confidentiality, and other issues. In December, 2016, it was reported that Talkspace used faulty psychological practices, psychologists of uncertain qualifications, and a lack of regard for patient safety and confidentiality.
In 2018, the Psychotherapy Action Network (a therapist's advocacy organization) wrote a letter to the American Psychological Association and Michael Phelps calling attention to alleged concerns with the product. In response to the letter, the APA updated their policies to bar Talkspace from exhibiting at their conferences. Talkspace later filed a $40 million defamation lawsuit against the Psychotherapy Action Network. The lawsuit was dismissed in 2020.
In April 2020, The New York Times published an article where they cited Talkspace employees had read transcripts from therapy sessions and that employees were instructed by the company to post fake app store reviews using burner phones. The piece also detailed the experiences of Ricardo Lori, an employee that used the service, who was persuaded by a Talkspace executive to anonymously share his therapy chat logs for a company presentation but Lori soon discovered his identity was revealed.
See also
BetterHelp
Telepsychiatry
References
American companies established in 2012
Companies based in New York City
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Therapy
Telehealth
The Old Ones (sometimes referred to in Palladium Books publications as the Great Old Ones or the Unnameable Beings) are a race of Alien Intelligences within the megaversal setting of Palladium Books' game module PFRPG. The Old Ones are the most powerful forces ever to have existed in the various Palladium game settings, and their power dwarfs that of 'ordinary' Alien Intelligences, beings which are in general far more powerful than the gods themselves.
The Old Ones' creator, Kevin Siembieda, named them so as an homage to the fictional characters of the same name by H. P. Lovecraft.
Despite their origins in Palladium Fantasy—the first and oldest of Palladium Books' Game Settings—they are hated and feared throughout the different dimensions of the Palladium Megaverse by those beings who remember them, even those beings who have great power and are evil themselves.
"Society" and achievements
The Old Ones' physical and mental natures were such that to pass the time (and to feed themselves), they each seized upon a specific aspect of pain and suffering to study, psychically feeding on the emotions and suffering that would follow. For example, Ya-blik was the symbol of pestilence, betrayal, and pain, and would spread pestilence and foment those dark emotions where they did not already exist. Netosa was another of the Old Ones; its "portfolio" was that of darkness and death, and it kept sentient beings in never-ending, unreasoning fear of same to drink up the emotions that such terror generated. And Xy, greatest amongst their number, was the Great Old One of Power Incarnate, and fed upon the chaos and suffering brought by the other Old Ones as they conquered planets, galaxies, and entire dimensions in his name.
These creatures, whose origins are unknown (and who may have, in fact, always existed), were the first beings to discover the megaversal energy source known as Potential Psychic Energy (PPE), and develop the "science" of magic to manipulate it.
They are responsible for the creation of such magic 'schools' such as Diabolism (the use of symbols to create temporary, semi-permanent, and permanent magical effects such as spell wards), Invocations (spells performed by words and gestures on the part of a mage or shaman), Rituals (advanced and more powerful magics involving a protracted series of actions and/or sacrifices on the part of one or more mages and/or shamans), Shifting (the summoning of creatures from other locales, worlds, or dimensions for the purpose of doing the summoner's bidding), and were the creators of the first Rune Artifacts (specially designed, indestructible weapons and artifacts created by the mystical merging of a weapon with the life forces of sentient beings).
Rebellion
At the end of a titanic battle some 50,000 years ago in the Palladium Dimension (and an undefined, but likely even greater longer period of time in the past relative to the other Game Settings, due to the differing ages and origins of the respective universes that make up the Palladium Megaverse), the Old Ones were finally defeated by the combined efforts of hundreds of races consisting of billions of sentient beings across the Megaverse; one of the most critical factors in the defeat of the Old Ones was a powerful magic spell by a "former" Old One himself (who was by that time amnesiac, a primary member of the Forces of Light, and entirely unaware of his own origins and true nature). The aftermath of that battle saw many of those species rendered extinct.
Unfortunately for the Megaverse, however, the Old Ones could not be destroyed: it was feared that the destruction of entities that powerful would cause a chain reaction (roughly analogous to a nuclear one, but mystical in nature) and an "explosion" that would destroy all universes. Instead, they were put into an eternal mystic slumber and hidden away between dimensions beyond the reach of all but the most powerful gods and (good) Alien Intelligences. Constant vigilance and effort is required to keep these beings asleep, and various members of the Great Powers of the Palladium Megaverse cooperate with one another to ensure that they never again awaken.
The leader of the Old Ones is/was a Great Old One once called Xy who, through a series of circumstances and betrayal, forgot his own past and now believes himself to be Thoth, the ancient Egyptian god of Wisdom. It was he, as Thoth, who helped to fashion the super-spell that would finally force the Old Ones into mystic slumber.
Powers and abilities
The Old Ones possess the standard range of powers common to nearly all Alien Intelligences, only on a scale orders of magnitude more powerful than the "average" Alien Intelligence. These beings are each said to have millions of points of Mega Damage Capacity Rifts (role-playing game)#Damage and firepower, powerful enough to inflict many thousands of Mega Damage points per attack, and are believed to be capable of destroying entire dimensions unaided.
The Old Ones are mystically confined and kept asleep in an intradimensional void inaccessible to all in the Megaverse except a very tiny handful of ultra-powerful beings, and are effectively indestructible).
Potential threats to the entire Palladium Megaverse such as Nxla, the Four Horsemen, the Lord of the Deep, Tikilik, and the Dweller Below, were considered "minor" threats relative to the Old Ones despite their own vast powers, and were therefore spared the fate of eternal slumber placed on the Old Ones by the Forces of Light. Nxla's status is questionable, however, as some believe him to be an Old One who tricked his way out of punishment, and others believe this to be lies spread by Nxla to create fear.
The Old Ones were sufficiently powerful enough to keep legions of lesser Alien Intelligences, Gods, and even dragons -usually solitary, vastly powerful creatures in their own right that call no one master -as servants and slaves.
Xy has been given stats twice (Rifts World Book 4: Africa and Palladium Fantasy: Dragons and Gods) however this is only at a fraction of his former power as Thoth. Xy's stats at full power have never been printed by Palladium.
The other 7 Greatest Old Ones originally had their stats printed on the final (210th) page of Old Ones 1st Edition. These stats were removed in the 2nd Edition version of the book, and the GOOs were not included in Dragons and Gods, so their abilities (much like the beings in the Ultimax Deathstone) have not been increased to 2nd Edition levels like the rest of the first edition Gods, Dragon Gods, Demon Lords and Devil Lords.
Lessers
Some other beings are referred to as being possible "lesser" (rather than "greater") Old Ones, including Vampire Intelligences (in Rifts World Book 1: Vampire Kingdoms and Nightbane World Book 4: Shadows of Light), Nxla (in Rifts World Book 12; Psyscape), and Slyth (in Old Ones 2nd Edition).
References
Palladium Fantasy series:
Palladium Fantasy RPG
The Old Ones
Dragons & Gods
Rifts:
Conversion Book 2: Pantheons of the Megaverse
World Book 12: Psyscape
Sources
Fictional extraterrestrial characters
Megaverse (Palladium Books)
The City of Greater Geraldton in the Mid West region of Western Australia was originally established as a Municipality with a mayor and councillors under the Municipal Institutions Act in 1871. With the passage of the Local Government Act 1960, all municipalities became Towns effective 1 July 1961. On 22 April 1988, Geraldton was declared a City. In July 2007, it merged with the surrounding Shire of Greenough to form the City of Geraldton-Greenough.
In July 2011, the City merged with the Shire of Mullewa to form the City of Greater Geraldton.
Municipality of Geraldton
Town of Geraldton
City of Geraldton
City of Geraldton-Greenough
City of Greater Geraldton
References
Lists of local government leaders in Western Australia
Szymanówek () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The following is a list of major league baseball umpires. The list includes umpires who worked in any of four 19th century major leagues (American Association, National Association, Players' League, Union Association), one defunct 20th century major league (Federal League), the currently active Major League Baseball, or either of its leagues (American League, National League) when they maintained separate umpiring staffs.
Major League Umpires
Key
denotes umpires who were former major league players
denotes umpires who were active players (emergency substitutes)
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
None
Y
Z
References
External links
All-time umpire roster via MLB.com
Complete list of MLB umpires via Retrosheet
Umpire cards from Sporting News via Retrosheet
Umpires
List
Major League Baseball
Torakoro is a town and seat of the commune of Danou in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Darren Murphy (born 28 July 1985) is an Irish football manager and former footballer who played as a midfielder. Murphy started his playing career at Cobh Ramblers, progressing through the club's youth system before breaking into the first team during the 2003 season. He then joined Cork City in 2007, and spent two seasons at the club. In December 2008, he joined Stevenage and helped the team win the FA Trophy in his first season there. Murphy was part of the Stevenage team that earned back-to-back promotions from the Conference Premier into League One. He was released by Stevenage when his contract expired in May 2012.
He subsequently joined Port Vale on a free transfer two months later. Murphy signed for Macclesfield Town in January 2013, but returned to Ireland two weeks later after tearing his calf muscle. Injury would disrupt the latter stages of his career, spending time with Woking in September 2013, before returning to Cork City two months later. He rejoined Cobh Ramblers in February 2015 and also played once for Avondale United. Murphy made the transition from playing to coaching, spending time as first-team coach at Cobh Ramblers, before being appointed as the team's under-19 manager in February 2021. After becoming interim manager of the first team in July 2021, Murphy was appointed first-team manager in September 2021 and remained in the post until June 2022.
Early life
Born in Cork, Republic of Ireland, he is a native of Carrignavar. Murphy combined playing football alongside serving his electrical apprenticeship in Cork from 2003 to 2006.
Playing career
Murphy started his career at Irish club Cobh Ramblers, as part of the club's youth system. He made his senior debut for Cobh Ramblers in an FAI Cup match against Shamrock Rovers in August 2002, three weeks after he had turned 17. Murphy suffered a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament during his time with the club, recovering from the injury to play 77 times over five years, scoring nine goals. Murphy signed for Cork City on a two-year contract in February 2007. He played regularly in the first team during the latter stages of the 2007 season, making 32 appearances. Financial issues forced Cork City into examinership in Murphy's second season with the club and he left the club when his contract expired at the end of the 2008 season.
Stevenage
Murphy was offered a one-week trial with English Conference Premier club Stevenage in December 2008, which proved successful, signing for the club on a short-term contract on 16 December 2008. Murphy made his Stevenage debut in a 3–0 victory against Lewes at Broadhall Way. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 win against Kettering Town, scoring from close-range to restore parity in the match. He made 20 appearances for the club during the 2008–09 season, during which he was sent-off twice in matches against Kidderminster Harriers and Cambridge United; the latter was rescinded. This meant that Murphy was able to play in the club's 2–0 FA Trophy Final victory against York City at Wembley Stadium on 9 May 2009, a competition in which he started six games. He played 24 times during the 2009–10 season as Stevenage won promotion to the Football League for the first time in the club's history.
Murphy played his first game of the 2010–11 season on 9 August 2010, starting in Stevenage's 2–1 defeat to Portsmouth in the League Cup, scoring Stevenage's goal with a shot from outside the area that was deflected in. He was substituted at half-time after suffering a dislocated shoulder, and was ruled out of first-team action for a month. Murphy broke his leg whilst playing for Stevenage's reserve team against Colchester United reserves in September 2010. He underwent surgery on the injury and the club stated he would likely miss the remainder of the season. Murphy returned to the first team in the club's 1–0 away victory at Wycombe Wanderers on 12 March 2011, playing the first half of the match. He played nine games during the 2010–11 season, scoring once. This included three appearances in the 2010–11 League Two play-offs following Stevenage's sixth-placed finish. Following a 3–0 aggregate victory over Accrington Stanley, Stevenage earned promotion to League One after a 1–0 victory against Torquay United at Old Trafford on 28 May 2011, with Murphy coming on as a 57th-minute substitute in the match.
After making no first-team appearances during the first half of Stevenage's 2011–12 season due to a "succession of little injuries", Murphy joined League Two club Aldershot Town on a one-month loan agreement on 10 February 2012. He made his debut four days later in Aldershot's 1–0 home victory against Hereford United, Aldershot's first home win since December 2011. He made two further appearances during the loan, and returned to Stevenage in March 2012. Murphy struggled with hamstring, groin and ankle injuries and was not involved in the latter stages of Stevenage's season, making no appearances for the team during the season. He was released by Stevenage when his contract expired in May 2012. Murphy made 53 appearances in all competitions during his three years with the club.
Port Vale
Murphy signed for League Two club Port Vale on a free transfer on 2 July 2012, signing a one-year contract. He made his debut from the substitutes' bench on 25 August 2012, replacing Chris Shuker 74 minutes into a 3–1 victory over Morecambe at the Globe Arena. Murphy struggled with hamstring problems whilst the team moved up to second in the league table in his absence. He eventually made his full debut on 20 October 2012, in a 4–1 home victory against Wycombe Wanderers. On making his return to fitness, he speculated that "if there was a hell for footballers that's what you'd do, sit in the stand watching games injured." Murphy made only his third appearance of the season against Rochdale on 6 November 2012, but having entered the game as a substitute he was forced off injured after only a few minutes due to a recurrence of his calf injury. He left the club by mutual consent on 8 January 2013.
Return to Non-League
Having initially planned on returning to Ireland, Murphy received a contract offer from Conference Premier club Macclesfield Town. He accepted the offer on 31 January 2013, signing a contract lasting until the end of the 2012–13 season. Two weeks into his time at Macclesfield, he tore his calf muscle in training and on 13 February 2013, having made no appearances for the club, his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
He returned to Ireland and trained with former club Cork City. Murphy wanted to resume his playing career in England and spoke to Graham Westley, his former manager at Stevenage, who agreed for him to spend pre-season at the club ahead of the 2013–14 season. He arranged with Westley to "play some games for another club, to regain my confidence and then return to Stevenage". He subsequently signed for Woking of the Conference Premier on 24 September 2013. He made his Woking debut the same day his signing was announced, playing the first 68 minutes in a 4–0 home defeat to Luton Town at Kingfield Stadium. Murphy made three appearances for Woking before injury curtailed his time at the club.
Return to Ireland
Murphy returned to Cork City on a free transfer on 16 November 2013. He made his first appearance back at Cork on 10 March 2014, starting in a 4–0 home victory over Limerick in the League of Ireland Cup. Murphy made five appearances for the club during a season disrupted by injuries as Cork finished the 2014 season in second place in the League of Ireland Premier Division. He dislocated his shoulder in a pre-season friendly against Birmingham City in July 2014 and notified Cork City manager John Caulfield of his decision to retire from playing after the match.
Having recovered from the shoulder injury, Murphy was offered the chance to come out of retirement and rejoin Cobh Ramblers of the League of Ireland First Division in February 2015, which he accepted, making one appearance towards the latter stages of the 2015 season. Murphy remained at Cobh Ramblers for just over two years, making eight first-team appearances during his second spell with the club. He also played once for Avondale United of the Munster Senior League in April 2017, appearing in a 2–0 League of Ireland Cup defeat against his former employers, Cobh Ramblers, on 4 April 2017. Murphy retired from playing and made the transition into coaching.
Coaching career
During his playing career, Murphy combined his playing role alongside acting as a community and academy coach at Stevenage in 2011. He also served as a community coach at Port Vale. He earned his UEFA B Licence in 2017 and was issued his UEFA A Licence in 2019. Murphy was appointed as first-team coach at Cobh Ramblers in January 2015, a position he held until October 2016. He was appointed as manager of the Cobh Ramblers under-19 team in February 2021. He was named as interim manager of the Cobh Ramblers first team until the end of the season on 23 July 2021, following the exit of previous manager Stuart Ashton. He was given the role on a permanent basis on 16 September 2021, signing a contract until the end of the 2023 season. It was announced on 18 June 2022 that Cobh had "amicably agreed to part ways" with Murphy.
Style of play
Murphy was deployed as a midfielder throughout his career. His role in midfield was predominantly as a defensive midfielder, where he was tasked with breaking up opposition play. Murphy described himself as "never the best player", and what he lacked in the technical aspects of the game, he "compensated for" with his work ethic. Described as "an energetic, combative midfielder" and "tough-tackling", Murphy stated that his physical style of play contributed to the number of injuries he sustained during his playing career.
Career statistics
A. The "Other" column constitutes appearances and goals (including those as a substitute) in the FA Trophy, play-offs and FAI Cup.
Honours
Stevenage
FA Trophy: 2008–09; runner-up: 2009–10
Conference Premier: 2009–10
League Two play-offs: 2010–11
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association footballers from Cork (city)
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football midfielders
Cobh Ramblers F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
Woking F.C. players
League of Ireland players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Republic of Ireland football managers
Cobh Ramblers F.C. managers
League of Ireland managers
English Rose is a compilation album by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in December 1968 . It was originally a US-only compilation, combining six tracks from the UK release Mr. Wonderful, three UK non-album single sides, two not-yet-released songs from the UK version of Then Play On and one other previously unreleased track. It was released some months before the UK release of The Pious Bird of Good Omen, sharing four songs with that album. Mick Fleetwood appears in drag on the cover.
Track listing
Personnel
Peter Green – vocals, guitar, harmonica
Jeremy Spencer – vocals, slide guitar
Danny Kirwan – vocals, electric guitar
John McVie – bass guitar
Mick Fleetwood – drums
Mike Vernon – producer
M. Ross – engineer
Dinky Dawson – sound consultant
Charts
Album
Billboard (United States)
References
Fleetwood Mac compilation albums
1969 compilation albums
Albums produced by Mike Vernon (record producer)
Epic Records compilation albums
The Dublin Senior Hurling League is a league competition for the top hurling clubs in Dublin. The 2010 champions were Craobh Chiaráin who defeated rivals Crumlin to claim the title. The 2011 winners were Kilmacud Crokes who beat 2010 finalists Crumlin in the 2011 final at Parnell Park. Ballyboden defeated Craobh Chiaráin in the 2012 final by 3 points despite shooting 14 wides in the second half.
Roll of honour
References
Hurling competitions in County Dublin
Hurling leagues in Ireland
1904 establishments in Ireland
Sport leagues established in 1904
Thomas Shailer Weston (7 June 1836 – 15 October 1912), often referred to as Thomas S. Weston, was a judge and 19th-century Member of Parliament from Westland, New Zealand. Weston was the patriarch of one of two dominant Canterbury families of the legal profession.
Early life
Weston was born in London in 1836, the son of the printer John James Weston and Mary Weston. He was educated at private schools in London. He arrived in New Zealand with his parents and four brothers in 1850, first settling in New Plymouth. He received further secondary education in New Zealand, and in June 1861, he was admitted to the bar by George Arney, the Chief Justice.
Professional career
He practised law in New Plymouth until 1863, when he moved to Invercargill. His first advertisement appeared in The Southland Times in August of that year. His clients there included the Union Bank of Australia, the town council, and various businesses. He was chosen as Southland's representative to the 1865 New Zealand Exhibition in Dunedin, but could not travel there due to unfavourable weather conditions.
Weston then moved to Auckland; his name first appeared in the Daily Southern Cross in June 1865. Like his brother Warwick, Weston had interests in gold mining. He set up the Great Republic Gold Mining Company in Karaka in the Thames District, was its majority shareholder and its manager. The family's residence was in central Auckland, on the corner of Jermyn Street (which disappeared when Anzac Avenue was built) and Eden Street (now Eden Crescent); they later lived in Parnell. He practised in Auckland until he was appointed district judge in November 1873 for the Hawke's Bay. The district court judge had previously been filled by Singleton Rochfort, but the position was disestablished, as Rochfort had caused trouble to the government. When Weston was appointed, Rochfort pointed that this move was illegal, as he had first right of refusal under previous agreements. After some deliberations, the government renamed the court from Hawkes Bay to East Coast to circumvent the agreement, and Rochfort took the premier, Julius Vogel, to the Supreme Court over the affair. Weston remained judge in Napier until February 1875.
Following an enquiry into the conduct of the justice for Otago, Henry Samuel Chapman, Parliament passed a resolution that allowed the Minister of Justice to order judges to move to a different court. Justice Gresson led the opposition of New Zealand's judges to this interference and even went to Wellington, but to no avail. In early 1875, three of New Zealand's five judges resigned over this affair: Gresson, Chapman, and the Chief Justice, George Arney. Gresson explained his objection in the following words:
What becomes of the independence of the Judges if they may be ordered by the Minister of the day, as often as he pleases, to remove to whatever part of the colony he pleases? It is obvious that such a power is open to gross abuse, and that if these be the terms on which they hold office, the Judges are not better off than when their commission was only during pleasure.
Weston was one of the two remaining judges, and he was transferred to the West Coast of the South Island. During his time on the coast, his most notable task was to chair the Westport Colliery Reserve Commission, which he conducted with Richmond Beetham. At the end of 1880, Weston retired from his judgeship and undertook the unusual step of rejoining the bar. He moved to Christchurch, where he established his legal practice, T. S. Weston and Co. His son Henry Warwick Weston was on his staff but died in September 1894, aged 24. Early in 1881, Weston and Allan Holmes of Dunedin were appointed as examiners of candidates for admission to the New Zealand bar; they were the first to be appointed to this position.
Weston took his son George into partnership in Christchurch on 6 July 1900 under the style of T. S. Weston and Son. When he took Robert Beecher Ward into the partnership, the name changed to Weston and Ward. Another person joined the partnership, William Ross Lascelles, and the company name was changed to Weston Ward & Lascelles. The company still exists today.
His legal practice in New Plymouth was taken over by two sons, Thomas Shailer Weston, Jr. and Claude Weston, in November 1902.
Political career
Edward Masters represented the Grey Valley electorate from to 1881, when he sent his resignation from Melbourne in May 1881, stating that his medical advisers feared for his life if he travelled to New Zealand in his poor state of health. This caused a 16 June in the electorate, which was contested by Weston, Gerard George Fitzgerald, and James Mill Morris. At the time, Weston was already living in Christchurch and he arrived in Greymouth shortly before the by-election. Weston beat Fitzgerald by a 3.8% vote margin, with Morris coming a distant third. Masters died later in the year in Melbourne on 27 November. Weston represented the Grey Valley electorate until the end of the parliamentary term on 8 November 1881, and he served alongside Richard Reeves in the two-member electorate.
In the 1881 electoral redistribution, the House of Representatives increased the number of European representatives to 91 (up from 84 since the 1875–76 election) further decided that electorates should not have more than one representative, which led to 35 new electorates being formed. The Grey Valley electorate was practically split, and the resulting electorates were and . Weston received requisitions from both electorates, and accepted the one from Inangahua, and in the end, this electorate was contested by both Reeves and Weston. They were joined by a third candidate, William McLean. Weston won the election with a margin of 17% of the vote over Reeves. Weston represented Inangahua until his resignation in 1883.
Throughout his representation in Parliament, Weston was living in Christchurch. He was one of the chief proponents for a railway to be built connecting the east and west coasts of the South Island.
Community roles
While in Auckland, he was vestryman at St Paul's Church, an Anglican church in Symonds Street.
He was a governor of Canterbury College from 1894 to 1903, and was chairman of the board of governors in 1901 and 1902, when he relocated to New Plymouth. During his chairmanship, the board was again in conflict with Professor Alexander William Bickerton, and Weston claimed that his role gave him the right to act on his own initiative within board policy. This stance was heavily criticised, but Weston won the point and Bickerton was removed from the teaching staff.
Family
Weston's father, John James Weston, was a printer, and he came to New Zealand intending to establish a newspaper. When the family emigrated, they had five sons: John, Warwick, Henry, William Joseph, and Thomas Shailer. In 1867, Henry Weston became the sole proprietor of the Taranaki Herald, and the Weston family had a strong connection with the Herald for the following 111 years.
Weston was the patriarch of one of two dominant Canterbury families of the legal profession; the other patriarch was Justice Gresson.
On 22 August 1867, Weston married Maria Cracroft Hill, the second daughter of the Auckland solicitor Henry Hill. She died on 29 October 1908 in New Plymouth, aged 72 years.
Their first son, Thomas Shailer Weston Jr., was born on 3 July 1868 in Auckland. He was a solicitor and became a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1926 until his death by suicide on 21 January 1931.
Their second son, Henry Warwick Weston, was born on 18 July 1870. He died on 17 September 1894 after an operation, aged 24. He was a solicitor, admitted in August 1891, and worked for his father.
The third son, John James Weston, was born on 4 December 1872, and their first daughter, Louisa Mary Alice Weston, was born on 5 June 1874. Both died at Hokitika in September 1877 of scarlet fever; the girl on 17 or 18 September, and the boy on 20 September.
On 21 October 1876, the Westons had had their first twins: George Thorngate Weston and Walter Crowley Weston. Both lived to old age, with George dying in 1957, and Walter in 1961. George Thorngate Weston was admitted to the bar in 1898. Walter Weston was a solicitor.
Less than two months after losing two children, on 11 October 1877, the Westons had another set of twins. Both boys died after one month: Cecil Weston on 10 November, and Arnold Weston two days later.
Their youngest son, Claude Weston, was born on 28 December 1879. A crown solicitor, he was effectively the first president of the National Party. He died suddenly on 10 November 1946 while contesting the electorate, and his wife, Agnes Weston, became the candidate instead. She was later a member of the suicide squad of the New Zealand Legislative Council.
George Crowley Weston was a nephew to his children. He was a Rhodes' Scholar in 1939, was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn, and gained his New Zealand registration in May 1938. He was a partner with Weston Ward & Lascelles. A son of George Thorngate Weston, Michael George Weston, was admitted in April 1952 and joined the Weston Ward & Lascelles partnership three years later. Tom Weston, a son of George Crowley Weston, is a current Queens Counsel.
A son of Claude Weston, Henry Stuart Thorngate Weston, practised in New Plymouth. He died in 1955 aged 49 years.
Thomas Shailer Weston Sr. died on 15 October 1912 at his Young Street residence in New Plymouth and he was interred at Te Henui Cemetery.
Notes
References
External links
Report of Westport Colliery Reserve Commission
|-
|-
|-
1836 births
1912 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Chancellors of the University of Canterbury
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand judges
Burials at Te Henui Cemetery
Colony of New Zealand judges
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Thomas Sr
Aleksandr Marchenko may refer to:
Aleksandr Marchenko (footballer) (b. 1996), Russian footballer
Oleksandr Marchenko (b. 1968), Ukrainian rower
The Silesia S-3 was the first design from the Polish Sopora brothers to fly. It was a low power, single seat, high wing light aircraft. Only one was built and its flying time was limited.
Design and development
Three brothers, Edward, Paul and Wojciech Sopora set up an aircraft-building workshop in 1923 at Chorzów, calling it the Pierwsza Śląska Fabryka Samolotów (First Silesian Aircraft Factory). Their first product was a light, low-powered, high wing monoplane, the Silesia S-3.
Its wood-framed, thin section wing was in two parts joined to the upper fuselage longerons and was fabric covered. It was entirely wire-braced from a high, central cabane above the fuselage and a short cabane from its underside.
The C-3 was powered by a Haacke HFM-2, a flat-twin mounted with its cylinders projecting outside the fuselage for cooling. Behind the engine the fuselage was flat-sided, with a steel-tube frame of rectangular section and fabric covering. The single, open cockpit was behind the upper cabane. Its empennage was wood-framed and fabric covered; the tailplane, on top of the fuselage, was wire braced to the top of a rounded fin. The rudder was also rounded in profile.
Its fixed landing gear was of the tailskid type. The mainwheels were on a single axle which was mounted on two transverse tubes joining the apexes of two V-struts from the lower fuselage longerons.
Operational history
The S-3 was completed by October 1923 and in early November it made its first flight, piloted by Klosek, from the army field at Panewniki near Ligota. Several modifications followed, in particular addressing some longitudinal stability problems experienced on the first flight. On 16 November Klosek began its official flight trials in front of army observers. It made three flights, each lasting 10–15 minutes, reaching speeds of about , taking off in and with landing runs of . The S-3 continued to make short flights into 1924 but after a landing accident the Soporas decided that its Haake engine should be removed to power their next design, the Silesia S-4 and the S-3 was abandoned.
Specifications
References
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1920s Polish sport aircraft
S-03
High-wing aircraft
Macquarie Island orchid may refer to:
Nematoceras dienemum, windswept helmet orchid
Nematoceras sulcatum, grooved helmet orchid
Betteshanger is a village near Deal in East Kent, England. It gave its name to the largest of the four chief collieries of the Kent coalfield. The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Northbourne.
Before the coal mine
Betteshanger parish (with variation 'Betleshangre') has existed at least since Domesday times. It remained a small scattered parish until the advent of the Kent Coalfield. St Mary's Church sits almost alone in woodland in the centre of the parish. At 'Little Betteshanger' a cluster of houses surrounds Betteshanger Farm and are very close to Northbourne Primary School.
Mining in Betteshanger
Betteshanger Colliery opened in the late 1920s and was the largest of the Kent collieries. Miners from other coalfields travelled to Deal in the hope of finding work at the new pit, and many lodging houses, cafes and pubs in Deal put up signs saying "no miners" owing to fear of the arrival of the often dirty men who spoke very different dialects. It had two shafts of almost 2,300 feet, plaques can still be seen where the shafts were once sunk. The colliery was served by a railway branch which left the main line between Deal & Sandwich.
Betteshanger had a tradition of union militancy. Many of the miners who moved to Kent to work at Betteshanger had been blacklisted in their home areas after the 1926 strike, so there was a high proportion of "hardline union men". It was the first pit to come out on strike during the Second World War and took active part in the miners' strikes of 1969, 1972, 1974 and 1984/85.
A sit-in was staged at the colliery in 1984 and those involved were sacked for trespass. The Kent Area's NUM initially refused to return to work until those sacked were reinstated and continued to picket the rest of the country after the NUM's national executive had voted to return to work, so Betteshanger was actually the last pit in Britain to return to work after the strike.
Thereafter, Betteshanger became known for the brutality with which strikebreakers were treated. Posters had gone up in the village with photographs and names of the 30 men who had broken the strike. It was the last Kent colliery to close, closing for good in 1989.
The village is also on the Miner's Way Trail that links up the coalfield parishes of East Kent.
Village layout
The miners' houses were laid out in three streets: Circular Road, Northway and Broad Lane.
Circular Road, often known simply as 'the circle' is in fact oval in shape and is a one-way street. Houses have even numbers on inside of the circle, and odd on the outside. Northway connects the circle with the rest of the world and is a short two-way street. As a road Broad Lane predates the coal mine and has miners' houses on just one side. Additionally, the former village shop is now a domestic dwelling and although numbered as part of Circular Road, sits on an unnamed stub-road which used to serve as the entrance to the colliery itself.
Betteshanger Park Development
With support from South East England Development Agency (SEEDA), as part of the National Coalfields Programme (NCP) a children's play area, including play equipment and a skateboard ramp, and more recently an industrial park, have opened on the site of the former colliery.
Betteshanger Park has also been developed on a former spoil tip (on the north of the site).
Current plans for Betteshanger Industrial Park is the proposal from Hadlow College to set up the agricultural centre, creating more than 1,000 jobs. But this is still yet to be confirmed. Local opposition to this proposal, wants to turn the site into a charitable trust with the development of free enterprise formulas and continued growth of the site.
Betteshanger Sustainable Parks
Launched on 6 November at the House of Commons, this £40m scheme will re-develop the site of the former colliery and create approximately 1,000 jobs in the local area.
It is planned that Betteshanger Sustainable Parks, a scheme bringing together Hadlow College, Dover District Council, the Homes and Communities Agency and Kent County Council will generate green energy together with a Mining Heritage Museum, Visitor Centre and Sustainable Education Centre. In total, the Betteshanger Sustainable Education and Business Incubation Centre will provide 2,000 square metres of internal space and provide an incubation service for fledgling businesses. The Business and Commercial Park will comprise 6,700 square metres of internal space.
The development which, prior to launch in November 2013, took four years of preparation is a UK first, and aims to help regenerate Dover district, as well as the wider East Kent communities. It is planned that the project will start on site in summer 2015 and open in spring 2016. The Kent Mining Museum is scheduled to open in summer 2016
Betteshanger Summer School
Betteshanger occupies an important place in the history and development of organic and biodynamic farming. It was the bridge between these two forms of agriculture. The 'Betteshanger Summer School and Conference on Biodynamic Farming' was held in July 1939. It was the first biodynamic agriculture conference to be held in Britain. Ehrenfried Pfeiffer travelled from Switzerland to be the lead presenter at the summer school which was held at the farm of Lord Northbourne. The following year Northbourne presented and expanded on these ideas for a British audience in his book 'Look to the Land' in which he introduced the term 'organic farming'.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
Dover District
Simón Bolívar is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti. Starring by Maximilian Schell as the Venezuelan military and political leader Simón Bolívar who helped much of Latin America to achieve independence from Spain. The film was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Maximilian Schell as Simón Bolívar
Rosanna Schiaffino as Consuelo Hernandez
Francisco Rabal as José Antonio Del Llano
Barta Barri
Elisa Cegani as Conchita Diaz Moreno
Ángel del Pozo
Luis Dávila as Carlos
Manuel Gil
Sancho Gracia
Tomás Henríquez as Negro Primero
Julio Peña as señor Hernandez
Conrado San Martín as gen. José Antonio Paez
Fernando Sancho as Fernando Gonzales
References
External links
1969 films
1960s biographical drama films
1960s historical drama films
Films set in Colombia
Films set in Peru
Films set in South America
Films set in the 1810s
Films set in the 1820s
Films set in Venezuela
Italian biographical drama films
Italian historical drama films
Spanish biographical drama films
1960s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Alessandro Blasetti
Cultural depictions of Simón Bolívar
Spanish historical drama films
Venezuelan drama films
1960s Spanish films
1960s Italian films
Vyakaranam can refer to:
Telugu grammar
Vyākaraṇa – Sanskrit grammar
Amine Pierre Gemayel ( ; (born 22 January 1942) is a Lebanese Maronite politician who served as President of Lebanon from 1982 to 1988.
Born in Bikfaya, his father was Pierre Gemayel, the founder of the Kataeb Party. He worked as a lawyer, then was elected as a deputy for Northern Metn in 1970 by-election, following the death of his uncle, Maurice Gemayel, and once again in the 1972 general election. At the start of the Lebanese Civil War, the Phalanges were a member of the Lebanese Front, allied with Syria against the leftist National Movement. However, Syria became their enemy, while they started receiving the support of Israel. This phase saw the rise of his brother, Bachir, who had disputes with Amine about the military leadership, such as uniting the Christian militias by force.
In 1982, Bachir was elected to presidency, but was assassinated before taking office. Endorsed by the United States and Israel, he was elected on 23 September as the eighth president. At the age of 40 years, he was the youngest president to take office.
He re-organized the Lebanese Army, receiving support from the Multinational Force in Lebanon and despite fierce internal opposition, he reached the May 17 Agreement with Israel in 1983, which stipulated the withdrawal of the Israeli forces and ending the state of war between the two countries, but didn't ratify it. Under his command, the army, allied with the Lebanese Forces, clashed with Jammoul, a Syrian-backed alliance led by Walid Jumblatt, in what is known as the Mountain War. By the end of the conflict, the government suffered heavy defeat, and lost control over wide areas of Mount Lebanon. It was followed by February 6 Intafada, where the army was expelled out of West Beirut, and disintegrated into sectarian groups.
As a result of heavy pressure, and the withdrawal of the multinational forces, Gemayel visited Damascus in 1984, and formed a national unity government, including members from the opposition, headed by Rashid Karami. He cancelled the May 17 Agreement, and appointed Michel Aoun as a Commander of the Armed Forces. In 1986, he helped Samir Geagea organize a coup against the leader of the Lebanese Forces Elie Hobeika, for signing the Tripartite Accord with Berri and Jumblatt. Following the assassination of Karami, he appointed Selim Hoss as acting Prime Minister.
Right before his term expired, Gemayel dismissed the cabinet and formed a military government headed by Aoun. Aoun then declared war on Syria but was defeated in 1990, marking the end of the civil war and the implementation of the Taef Agreement. Gemayel moved to Switzerland and later France, starting a self-imposed exile.
In 2000, he returned to Lebanon, and organized opposition to Syria, and the leadership of the Phalangist Party. He joined the Qornet Shehwan Gathering, and participated in the Cedar Revolution following the assassination of Rafic Hariri. In 2006, Pierre Gemayel, his son, who was a deputy in the parliament, was assassinated. He ran in the by-election, but lost against a Free Patriotic candidate. His other son, Samy, succeeded him as president of the Phalangist Party.
Early life and education
Gemayel descends from a Maronite Christian family (the Gemayels) with a long tradition in Lebanon. The Gemayel family are originally from the northern region of Mount Lebanon. His ancestors settled in the town of Bikfayya, 25 kilometers northeast of Beirut, in the mid-16th century. Born in the Lebanese town of Bikfaya on 22 January 1942, Amine Gemayel is the eldest son of Pierre Gemayel, founder of the Kataeb Party and his wife Genevieve. He has two sisters and a brother, late Bachir Gemayel. His grandfather was forced to leave Lebanon in the early 20th century as a result of his opposition to the Ottoman Empire and therefore, had to spend several years living in Egypt. Gemayel's great uncle, Antoine, traveled to the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 as a political representative of the Maronite Christian community in Lebanon.
Gemayel obtained a law degree from the St. Joseph University in Beirut in 1965.
Career
Amine Gemayel began his career after his graduation practicing as an attorney in 1965. He then concentrated on building up his family's newspaper business. In a 1970 by-election, he was elected to succeed his deceased uncle, Maurice Gemayel, as a member of the National Assembly; he defeated Fuad Lahoud by a margin of 54% to 41%. In 1972, in the last election to be held for 20 years, he was reelected by a large margin.
In a 1976 diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks, a US diplomat stated "if I got nothing else from my meeting with Frangie, Chamoun and Gemayel, it is their clear, unequivocal and unmistakable belief that their principal hope for saving Christian necks is Syria. They sound like Assad is the latest incarnation of the Crusaders."
While his younger brother Bashir was regarded as a political radical, espousing the expulsion of Palestinian guerrillas from Lebanese soil and a radical overhaul of the political system, and hinting at a possible peace settlement with Israel, Amine Gemayel was considered more moderate. Always a consensus politician, he avoided, at least in his pre-presidential years, alienating Muslim politicians as his brother had done. When Bashir Gemayel was assassinated, therefore, Amine was regarded as a natural choice to bring together both the supporters of his slain brother, and his Muslim opponents.
On 21 September 1982, he was elected the president of the republic. His term in office ended on 22 September 1988 (six years as per the Lebanese Constitution). He then joined the Center for International Affairs at Harvard University as a fellow and lecturer (1988–1989). He is affiliated with the University of Maryland as a distinguished visiting professor. From 1990 to 30 July 2000, he resided in Paris as an exiled leader of the opposition, and lectured extensively on Lebanon and the Middle East in various countries worldwide. Since July 2000, he has been living in Lebanon where he pursues his political agenda.
Presidency
Gemayel never promised the Israelis anything in order to be elected president, but he promised that he would follow the path of his brother Bashir whatever that path was. He left his post in the Kataeb Party after being elected president. Once elected, he refused to meet any Israeli official. With foreign armies occupying two-thirds of the country (Syria in the north and east, Israel in the south), and private armies independent of government control occupying most of the rest, Gemayel's government lacked any real power. His efforts to reach a peace settlement with Israel were stymied by Syria and by Muslim politicians at home. His government found itself largely unable to collect income tax, as warlords controlling the ports and major cities pocketed the tax take themselves. Many criticized Gemayel for not moving decisively enough to assert the authority of the government, but others have pointed out that with most of the country under foreign occupation, there was little that he could do. He managed to keep a semblance of constitutional order.
This order began to unravel in 1988. Gemayel, whose term was due to end on 23 September, was constitutionally barred from reelection. Amine Gemayel opposed Dany Chamoun for the presidential elections, a man known for his strong anti-Syrian views and the son of former president Camille Chamoun, or General Michel Aoun, the commander of the army. Chamoun and Aoun were both unacceptable to Syria and to Muslim politicians in Lebanon. A constitutional crisis developed. Fifteen minutes before the expiry of his term, Gemayel appointed Aoun to the post of prime minister, who takes on the role of acting president if the presidency is vacant. He did so to preserve the tradition that the president, and by implication anyone acting in that role, should be a Maronite Christian , thereby going against the tradition of reserving the premiership for a Lebanese Sunni Muslim. Muslim politicians and warlords refused to accept the Aoun government, instead recognizing a rival government of Selim Hoss, whom Gemayel had dismissed in favour of Aoun.
When Amine Gemayel took office, Lebanon was torn by Israel's invasion of June 1982, and its subsequent occupation of large areas of Lebanese territory. This made the withdrawal of Israeli troops a top priority on his political agenda. As head of state, he set himself three main objectives which still form the basis of his political activity today: (1) Reestablishing the independence and sovereignty of Lebanon; (2) Maintaining an effective dialogue between Lebanon's different communities and (3) Restoring and modernizing the institutions of the state.
In 1984, Amine Gemayel dissolved the "Arab Deterrence Force", which provided the legal framework for Syria's military presence since 1976; and in 1985, he refused to ratify the so-called "Damascus Agreement" brokered by the Syrian government between the fending Lebanese chiefs of militias, which aimed at disintegrating any independent decision-making process in Lebanon.
In 1987, he promulgated the law annulling the "Cairo Agreement" of 1969, which authorized the PLO to use Lebanon as a base for military operations against Israel, disregarding Lebanese sovereignty.
The Puma Scandal
Amine Gemayel was believed to be behind the purchase of what were supposed to be new, French-made Puma helicopters. That was in 1983. Then the planes were discovered to be used and Ukrainian-made, making them worth far less than original price (184 million francs, a rough equivalent of $80 million at the time). The deal was signed in Beirut in July of the year 1983 by Lebanese Defense Minister Issam Khoury and the “Société Francaise de Vente et Financement de Materials Terrestres et Maritimes” (SOFRANTEM). Gemayel denied that he had any connection with the affair. According to the minutes of Parliament's session, published in the Official Gazette in 1994, Parliament held the French government responsible for the financial losses as a result of breaking the contract. Officials also held then Army Commander General Ibrahim Tannous responsible for “neglect” because an illegal military deal was sealed during his term of office. The minutes showed that Parliament also held Gemayel responsible, and that it referred the case to the state prosecutor for further investigation. This was all brought up in 2002 as part of investigations by a special parliamentary committee into former President Amin Gemayel's role in the Puma aircraft sale.
Other activities
Apart from his political activities, Amine Gemayel established, in 1976, the "INMA Foundation", which coordinates several institutions dealing with social, political and economic issues concerning Lebanon and the Middle East. He also founded "Beit-al-Mustakbal", (the house of the future), a think-tank and research center which published Haliyyat, a quarterly journal edited in Arabic, French and English, comprising a chronology of the main events in the area, press reports, and a series of essays. In addition, he started a French-language daily newspaper entitled Le Reveil.
Post-presidential years
Gemayel started a self-imposed exile for the next twelve years, living variously in Switzerland, France, and the United States. At first, he claimed that he was threatened by Syria, but he later published in his memoirs that Geagea threatened him with personal harm.
In 1989, he joined Harvard University's Center for International Affairs. He also lectured at the University of Maryland, College Park. On 30 July 2000, however, he returned to Lebanon and began to organize the opposition to the government of President Émile Lahoud, whom he regarded as a Syrian puppet. Unable to regain control of the then pro-Syrian dominated official Kataeb Party, he founded a new party, al-Qaeda al-Kataebiya, which claimed to be the true successor to the old Kataeb Party founded by his father. He also joined the Qornet Chehwan Gathering, a group of anti-government Christian politicians.
In 2003, Amine Gemayel attempted to act as an intermediary between U.S. President George W. Bush and the Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. Although his efforts to forestall the ensuing Iraq War were not successful, they fuelled speculation that he might be a candidate for Secretary General of the United Nations when Kofi Annan's term expired.
After the Cedar Revolution the Kataeb factions were united under the leadership of Gemayel. After Gemayel's son Pierre was assassinated in November 2006, Amine ran for his late son's seat. Amine lost by a small margin to an unknown candidate presented by Michel Aoun as a member of the Free Patriotic Movement.
In February 2008, Gemayel was appointed the president of the Phalange or Kataeb Party, replacing Karim Pakradouni, who resigned from office in 2007.
Personal life
Gemayel married Joyce Tyan in December 1967. They had a daughter, Nicole, and two sons, Pierre and Sami. Pierre Gemayel was elected to Parliament in 2000, appointed to the Cabinet in 2005. He was assassinated by unidentified assailants in Jdeideh, a Beirut suburb, on 21 November 2006. Amine Gemayel angrily blamed Syria for the murder of his son. He is fluent in French and English.
Publications
1986: Peace and Unity (Colin and Smythe)
1988: L'Offense et le Pardon (Gallimard), reflections on the events in Lebanon.
1990: Méditations d'espoir (JC. Lattès), a series of lectures delivered in the United States in 1989.
1992: Rebuilding Lebanon's Future, published by Harvard University (C.F.I.A.).
References
External links
1942 births
Candidates for President of Lebanon
Amine
Kataeb Party politicians
Lebanese anti-communists
Lebanese exiles
Lebanese Maronites
Living people
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
People from Matn District
People of the Lebanese Civil War
Presidents of Lebanon
Saint Joseph University alumni
Abraham Hume (1814–1884) was a Scots-Irish Anglican priest in Liverpool, known as a social researcher, supporter of learned societies, and antiquary,
Life
The son of Thomas F. Hume, of Scottish descent, he was born at Hillsborough, County Down, on 9 February 1814. He was educated at the Belfast Royal Academy, Glasgow University, and Trinity College Dublin.
On leaving Trinity College, Hume was for some time a mathematics and English teacher, first in Belfast, and then at the Liverpool Institute and Liverpool Collegiate Institution. In 1843 he graduated B.A. at Dublin, and received the honorary degree of LL.D. at the University of Glasgow. In the same year he was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Chester, and after serving as curate for four years without stipend at St. Augustine's, Liverpool, was appointed in 1847 vicar of the new parish of Vauxhall there. In 1845 he launched a severe attack on Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation.
Hume took part in most of the public, scientific, educational, and ecclesiastical events in Liverpool. In 1848, with Joseph Mayer and Henry Clark Pidgeon, he established the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire, of which he was a mainstay for many years. He began close social and statistical inquiries in some of the Liverpool parishes. During 1857 and 1858 he sent to The Times summaries of his previous year's work in his parish. In 1858 and 1859 he gave evidence before select committees of the House of Lords, first on divine worship in populous places, and secondly on church rates.
In 1867 Hume was sent on a tour by the South American Missionary Society, and explored the west coast, especially Chile and Peru. On the visit of the Church Congress to Liverpool in 1869 he acted as secretary and edited the report. He was also secretary to the British Association at Liverpool in 1870. He was vice-chairman of the Liverpool school board 1870–6, and secretary of the Liverpool bishopric committee 1873–80. He was an activist for the formation of the Anglican Diocese of Liverpool, and on its creation in 1880 designed the episcopal seal. He was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, of the Royal Society of Northern Antiquaries at Copenhagen, and other similar associations; and was a fellow of the Royal Statistical Society.
Hume died unmarried on 21 November 1884, and was buried at Anfield cemetery, Liverpool.
Works
Hume wrote more than a hundred books and pamphlets. They included:
The Learned Societies and Printing Clubs of the United Kingdom, London, 1847, an enlarged edition in 1853.
Sir Hugh of Lincoln, London, 1849.
Remarks on Certain Implements of the Stone Period, 1851.
Two essays on 'Spinning and Weaving, 1857.
Condition of Liverpool, Religious and Social, Liverpool, 1858.
Miscellaneous Essays contributed to the "Ulster Journal of Archæology", 1860.
Rabbin's Olminick (Belfast dialect), 1861–3.
Ancient Meols, or some Account of the Antiquities found on the Seacoast of Cheshire, London, 1863.
Examination of the Changes in the Seacoast of Lancashire and Cheshire, 1866.
Facts and Suggestions connected with Primary Education, Liverpool, 1870.
Origin and Characteristics of the People in the Counties of Down and Antrim, Belfast, 1874.
Remarks on the Irish Dialect of the English Language, 1878.
Some Scottish Grievances, 1881.
Detailed Account of how Liverpool became a Diocese, London, 1881.
Notes
Attribution
1814 births
1884 deaths
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
Irish antiquarians
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Irish people of Scottish descent
Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire
Willi Fricke (6 January 1913 - 15 June 1963) was a German footballer who played for SV Arminia Hannover and Eintracht Braunschweig. He was also capped once for the German national team, in a friendly against Luxembourg.
References
External links
1913 births
1963 deaths
Footballers from Hanover
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Association football defenders
SV Arminia Hannover players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
The Viper Aircraft ViperJet is a small homebuilt jet aircraft by Viper Aircraft Corporation. It is a conventional, low-wing monoplane with swept wings and tail and two seats in tandem under a bubble canopy. The jet intakes are located at the sides of the fuselage and the tricycle undercarriage is retractable. Construction throughout is of composite materials.
Development
Originally conceived to use a piston engine driving a five- or six-blade pusher propeller, brothers Scott and Dan Hanchette commenced work on the prototype, then known as the ViperFan, in February 1996. However, concerns about the difficulty and cost associated with eliminating vibration from the drivetrain led the Hanchettes to choose turbojet propulsion instead, and they installed a Turbomeca Marboré engine in place of the Continental flat-6 they had originally envisaged as a powerplant.
The Viperjet prototype flew late in October 1999. and made its public debut at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh in 2000. The Hanchette brothers, however, were unhappy with both the low power and the high fuel consumption of the Turbomeca engine, and soon swapped it for a General Electric T58 turboshaft engine with the power turbine removed, turning it into a turbojet. While this worked, it still did not produce as much thrust as the Hanchettes hoped for, and eventually, they selected the General Electric J85. With this engine producing around four times the thrust of the previous powerplants tested in the Viper, the Hanchettes substantially redesigned the aircraft, dubbing the J85-powered version the MKII. The prototype was dismantled and rebuilt, with parts of the canopy and fuselage center section all that remained of the original design. The slightly larger MKII also features a pressurized cabin, nearly three times the fuel tankage, stronger undercarriage, and optional tip tanks. The MKII prototype flew on 12 June 2005 and Viper Aircraft offered replacement MKII parts to all customers who had purchased kits of the original version, now dubbed the MKI.
In 2006, the base MKII kit cost US$182,000, but since builders can purchase additional components already pre-made by Viper Aircraft, customers spent an average of $350,000 on their kits. They would then have to spend approximately another $300,000 and around 3,000 to 3,500 hours to complete the aircraft. The company also offers customers a builder assistance program to help them assemble the major airframe components and a training program to help them learn to fly their ViperJet once it is complete. Zero Gravity Builders provides builder assistance for the ViperJet MKII, ViperJet LXR and Viper FanJet. Viper Aircraft had sold 21 kits by September 2006.
In 2008, Viper Aircraft announced an enlarged, turbofan-powered follow-on design as the Viper Aircraft FanJet. The company has also proposed a military trainer version of the ViperJet, as well as a UAV version.
Operational history
By April 2020 seven examples had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration.
Specifications (MKII, preliminary specifications)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
ViperJet
1990s United States sport aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined jet aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1999
Tango () is a 1969 Bulgarian drama film directed by Vasil Mirchev. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Nevena Kokanova as Havadzhieva
Petar Penkov as Prokurorat Yorgov
Petar Slabakov as Todor
Stoyan Gudev as Melnicharyat Milan
Grigor Vachkov as Ilyo Mitovski
Dimitrina Savova as Kuna
Nevena Milosheva as Baba Darya
Georgi Georgiev as Yordan Mitovski
Ivan Nalbantov as Ivan Proev
Boris Savov as Boris Yordanov
Boris Arabow as Havadzhiev
References
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
Bulgarian-language films
Bulgarian black-and-white films
Bulgarian drama films
Constance Carrier (July 29, 1908 – December 7, 1991) was an American teacher and poet.
Life
Carrier was descended from Martha Carrier, one of the women hanged during the notorious Salem, Massachusetts, witch trials of 1692, the subject of her last volume.
After graduating from Smith College in 1929, Carrier taught at New Britain High school, and then five years at Hall High School in West Hartford, before retiring in 1969. She taught several subjects, but is most remembered for teaching Latin.
Her work was published in the New Yorker, New York Quarterly, Ploughshares, Poetry, and Harper's.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Carrier published translations of the works three classical Roman writers, the playwright Terence, and poets Propertius and Tibullus.
The anniversary of her 100th birthday was celebrated in New Britain, Connecticut.
Awards
The Middle Voice won the 1954 Lamont Prize, given by the Academy of American Poets.
The Golden Rose Award from the New England Poetry Club
Works
Poetry
Translations
Anthologies
References
External links
New Britain, Arlene C. Palmer, p.32
Constance Carrier Papers in the Mortimer Rare Book Collection, Smith College Special Collections
Smith College alumni
20th-century American poets
Writers from Hartford, Connecticut
1908 births
1991 deaths
Latin–English translators
American women poets
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American translators
Poets from Connecticut
Hemicycliophoridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Aulosphora Siddiqi, 1980
Caloosia Siddiqi & Goodey, 1963
Colbranium Andrassy, 1979
Hemicaloosia Ray & Das, 1978
Hemicycliophora de Man, 1921
Loofia Siddiqi, 1980
References
Nematodes
Shatter cones are rare geological features that are only known to form in the bedrock beneath meteorite impact craters or underground nuclear explosions. They are evidence that the rock has been subjected to a shock with pressures in the range of .
Morphology
Shatter cones have a distinctively conical shape that radiates from the top (apex) of the cones repeating cone-on-cone in large and small scales in the same sample. Sometimes they have more of a spoon shape on the side of a larger cone. In finer-grained rocks such as limestone, they form an easily recognizable "horsetail" pattern with thin grooves (striae). However, the word "striae" should not be used to describe shatter cones, as that is considered misleading.
Coarser grained rocks tend to yield less well developed shatter cones, which may be difficult to distinguish from other geological formations such as slickensides. Geologists have various theories of what causes shatter cones to form, including compression by the wave as it passes through the rock or tension as the rocks rebound after the pressure subsides. The result is large and small branching fractures throughout the rocks.
Shatter cones can range in size from microscopic to several meters. The largest known shatter cone in the world (more than 10 metres in length) is located at the Slate Islands in Terrace Bay, Ontario, Canada. The azimuths of the cones' axes typically radiate outwards from the point of impact, with the cones pointing upwards and toward the center of the impact crater, although the orientations of some of the rocks have been changed by post-cratering geological processes at the site.
See also
Breccia
Coesite
Lechatelierite
Shocked quartz
Stishovite
References
Further reading
Johannes Baier (2018): Zur Entdeckung und Deutung der Strahlenkalke (Shatter-Cones) im Steinheimer Impaktkrater. In: Geohistorische Blätter, Vol. 29, S. 55–68.
Johannes Baier (2018): Ein Beitrag zur Shatter-Cone-Bildung (Steinheimer Impaktkrater, Deutschland). In: Aufschluss, 69(6), S. 370–376.
Johannes Baier & Volker J. Sach (2018): Shatter-Cones aus den Impaktkratern Nördlinger Ries und Steinheimer Becken. In: Fossilien, 35(2), S. 26–31.
Volker J. Sach & Johannes Baier (2017): Neue Untersuchungen an Strahlenkalken und Shatter-Cones in Sediment- und Kristallingesteinen (Ries-Impakt und Steinheim-Impakt, Deutschland). Pfeil-Verlag, München. .
Impact craters
Impact geology
Petrology
Edmund Horace Fellowes (11 November 1870 – 21 December 1951), was a Church of England clergyman and musical scholar who became well known for his work in promoting the revival of sixteenth and seventeenth century English music.
Life and work
Fellowes was born in Paddington, London, on 11 November 1870, the fifth child of Horace Decimus Fellowes, assistant director of the Royal Army Clothing Depot, and his wife Louisa Emily, daughter of Edmund Packe, a captain in the Royal Horse Guards. Fellowes showed musical ability at an early age and in 1878 received an offer from Joseph Joachim to become his violin pupil; the offer was not taken up and Fellowes went to Winchester College. He studied as an undergraduate at Oriel College, Oxford, from 1889 to 1892, taking a fourth class in theology and becoming a Bachelor of Music and Master of Arts in 1896.
Fellowes became an ordained deacon in 1894 and priest in 1895, and held a curacy in Wandsworth, after which he became precentor of Bristol Cathedral in 1897. On 12 January 1899 he married Lilian Louisa, a daughter of Admiral Sir Richard Vesey Hamilton. He was a minor canon of St. George's Chapel, Windsor from 1900 to 1951, and from 1924 to 1927, he was in charge of the choir following the death of the conductor Sir Walter Parratt.
Fellowes' passion for mid-16th century – mid-17th century music led him to edit thirty-six volumes of madrigals, thirty-two volumes of lute songs, and twenty volumes of William Byrd's music. He was one of the editors of Tudor Church Music, ten volumes published by Oxford University Press in the 1920s with the support of the Carnegie UK Trust. His work covered not only the music, but important biographical and critical writing such as The English Madrigal Composers, published in 1921 and William Byrd, published in 1936. Fellowes was honorary librarian of St. Michael's College, Tenbury from 1918 until 1948, and during this time he arranged and catalogued the musical library of Sir Frederick Ouseley. He was succeeded in this post by Watkins Shaw.
Fellowes' works were recognised by his alma mater and he was appointed an honorary fellow of Oriel in 1937, he also received honorary doctorates in music from Dublin University in 1917, Oxford University in 1939, and Cambridge University in 1950. Fellowes was interested in cricket, and in 1930, he published History of Winchester Cricket. He was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1931 and in 1944 he became a Companion of Honour. He was president of the Musical Association from 1942 until 1947, where he aided them secure a Royal affiliation, and president of the Church Music Society from 1946 until 1951, following on from Archbishop Lang. Fellowes died at 12 Clarence Road, Clewer Within, Windsor, on 21 December 1951.
Fellowes' editions of English Tudor church music represent a very significant contribution to 20th Century musical scholarship, bringing to new prominence composers such as Byrd and Orlando Gibbons, whose work was thus made accessible to composers and scholars, notably Ralph Vaughan Williams, whose revision of The English Hymnal was influenced by study of these themes in Fellowes' editions. He lectured extensively on the subject, travelling numerous times to the United States for this purpose. His was the foremost work in the Anglican Tudor revival of the early 20th Century.
Other interests included cricket, writing A History of Winchester Cricket, and music performance, titling his memoirs the Memoirs of an Amateur Musician.
Publications
Appendix with Supplementary Notes
English Cathedral Music, 1941, revised J. A. Westrup – Publisher: London, Methuen, 1969.
English Cathedral Music from Edward the Sixth to Edward the Seventh
English Madrigal Composers
English Madrigal School
English Madrigal Verse, 1588–1632
English School of Lutenist songwriters – Publisher: Boston : Music Library Association, c1984.
Orlando Gibbons and His Family: The Last of the Tudor School of Musicians
Tudor Church Music
William Byrd – English Church Music, Vol. 1
William Byrd: A Short Account of His Life and Work
The Knights of the Garter, 1348–1939: With a Complete List of the Stall Plates in St. Georges Chapel. Historical monographs relating to St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Volume 1. (SPCK – 1939)
Organists and Masters of the Choristers of St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle. Historical monographs relating to St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Volume 3. (1939)
The Military Knights of Windsor, 1352–1944. Historical monographs relating to St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Volume 4. (1944)
The Vicars Or Minor Canons of His Majesty's Free Chapel of St. George in Windsor. Historical monographs relating to St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Volume 5. (1945)
The Baptism, Marriage and Burial Registers of St George's Chapel, Windsor Historical monographs relating to St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Volume 10., (1957).
Correspondence
Oriel College, Oxford, maintains a collection of his papers that includes a letter to his mother relating his eyewitness account of Queen Victoria's funeral, his work on Tudor Church Music, letters from Adrian Boult, Edward Elgar, Gustav Holst, Herbert Howells, Hubert Parry, John Stainer, Charles Villiers Stanford, Leopold Stokowski, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Henry Walford Davies, and Henry Wood.
The St George's Chapel Archives, Windsor Castle, maintains several collections, including letters to him from Sir Henry Walford Davies 1924–1930, H. C. Colles 1931 and C. Hylton Stewart 1929; the Fellowes Collection, including his private papers and ephemera from his life and work at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle; and a collection of gramophone recordings and sheet music belonging to Fellowes. Other records of his work on the monograph series and as a minor canon of Windsor are available.
The Bodleian Library: Music Library on Broad Street, Oxford maintains correspondence including letters to Frederick Ouseley, formerly "The Tenbury Collection" at St. Michael's College, Tenbury.
References
Shaw, Watkins, 'Fellowes, Edmund Horace (1870–1951)', rev., Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004. Online database article number 33103.
The Fellowes Collection at Oriel College.
Collections of Edmund Horace Fellowes, Minor Canon of Windsor at St George's Chapel Archives
External links
1870 births
1951 deaths
British classical musicians
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Members of the Order of the Companions of Honour
Members of the Royal Victorian Order
Sürügüden, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Eskidemirkapı, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Geçitli, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 188 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Secondary Boarding School is an English medium school, located in Dharan and Itahari, Nepal.
History
Secondary Boarding School was founded and established by Mr. Edmund Atal (Alital) Singh in 1969 located at Laxmi Sadak, Dharan, Sunsari. It was the first privately owned English medium School in Eastern Nepal. Later it extended its branch in Itahari, Sunsari.
Itahari Branch
Itahari Branch of Secondari Boarding School was established on 2022 B.S. Since then it has been established as one of the pioneer of educational system in Itahari area. Many students passed out from this institution are working and studying in different parts of world. The headmistress of Itahari branch is Mrs. Mina Subba. But the daily office administration is run by Mr. Arun Kumar Jha. It runs the class from Nursery level to Class 10.
Notable alumni
Sabin Rai (one of the most popular singer of Nepal)
Educational institutions established in 1969
Schools in Nepal
1969 establishments in Nepal
The Swedish Publicists' Association (Swedish: Publicistklubben) is a Swedish organisation devoted to promoting freedom of the press and free speech in journalism.
The Association was founded in Stockholm in 1874 and today it has approximately 5,200 members and seven chapters in different regions of Sweden. It arranges debates on current topics and hands out prizes as well as scholarships, funded by a donation from Lars Johan Hierta.
Prizes
Freedom of Speech prize
This prize is given in memory of Anna Politkovskaya, the murdered Russian journalist, writer, and human rights activist.
2015: Khadija Ismayilova
2013: Michail Afanasiev
2012: Johan Persson, Jonas Fahlman & Martin Schibbye
2011: Fredrik Gertten
2010: Amun Abdullahi Mohamed
2009: Elin Jönsson
2008: Ulf Johansson, editor-in-chief, Nerikes Allehanda newspaper.
2007: Dawit Isaak
References
External links
Official site
Organizations established in 1874
Freedom of expression organizations
Journalism awards
Swedish journalism organizations
1874 establishments in Sweden
Sumire is a feminine Japanese given name.
Sumire may also refer to:
Sumire, the common Japanese name of Viola mandshurica
"Sumire", a 2003 song on the Japanese band Yuzu
"Sumire", a song on The Gazette's 2004 album Madara
Sumire, the project code name of the Sony Xperia Z5 smartphone
Japanese destroyer Sumire, two ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy
People with the surname
María Sumire, Peruvian politician and member of Union for Peru party
See also
"Sumire September Love", a 1982 song by Ippu-Do, covered by Shazna in 1997 and Megamasso in 2011
Sumire 16 sai!!, a Japanese manga and TV drama series
The Kuwait Premier League (), known as STC Premier League due to sponsorship reasons, is the top division of the Kuwait football pyramid system. Formed in 1961, Al-Arabi, Qadsia and Kuwait both hold the best record in the competition, having won 17 times.
History
The Kuwaiti league officially began in the 1961/62 season, after playing unofficially for eight years (played with group of clubs: "Ahli - Al Jazeera - Arabism - Gulf - Solidarity - Al-Qubali, Al-Nahda, Al-Sharqai, Al-Merqab, Al-Mawalim and Al-Taawon). National companies and ministries were club's first sponsors.
1960s
In the 1961/1962 season, several new clubs joined (Al-Arabi, Qadsia, Kuwait SC, Kifan High School, Shuwaikh Secondary School, Industrial College and Police Team). Al-Arabi won the league title without losing, and winning 7 points ahead of Qadsia, scoring 42 goals and conceding 10.
In the following season, the number of teams was reduced to 7. Al-Arabi managed to win the second title in a row after winning 18 points ahead of Qadsia, scoring 45 goals and conceding 6.
The third season of the league almost witnessed the end of Arabi monopoly, after fierce competition from Qadsia and other teams. Arabi and Qadsia were equal on points before the decisive match. Arabi managed to maintain the title after defeating Qadsia 2-0, scoring overall 42 goals and conceding nine.
In the fourth season, school teams were removed from participating and league saw participation of 3 new clubs (Salmiya, Fahaheel and Al-Shabab). The Kuwait Club managed to end the Arabi monopoly to achieve its first title, after winning the competition without any defeat.
The 1960s witnessed a sweep of the Arabi club when it won six titles against two titles for Kuwait and a title for Qadsia.
1970s
The 1970 era began with Qadsia's winning the 1971/1970 season, for the second time in its history. Al-Arabi lost its championship in a strange way during ten years. They did not win any title during this period until the end of the 1979/1980 season.
1980s
The eighties witnessed three new league champions, namely Al-Salmiya who won its first title in the 1980/81 season, and Kazma club which won the titles of 1985/86 and 1986/87, as well as Jahra club, which ended the 1980s by winning the title.
1990s
The league championship was not held in the 1990–91 season because of Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. Competition began again in the 1991–92 season, which was held as group system with qualification. Old format returned with participation of 14 teams in the 1994–95 season. Era of the nineties witnessed a parity between clubs, where both Al-Arabi and Al-Salmiya won 3 titles, and Qadsia and Kazma two.
2000s
At the beginning of a new millennium, Kuwait SC achieved the league championship after a long absence of 22 years, followed by victory of Al-Arabi for the sixteenth time in its history in the 2001–02 season. Since then until 2020–21 season, Qadsia has won nine titles while Kuwait Club won five. Al-Arabi was able to break their dominance and win the mentioned season title.
KPL clubs (2022–23)
Al-Arabi
Al-Fahaheel
Al-Jahra
Kazma
Al-Kuwait
Al-Nasr
Al-Qadsia
Al-Salmiyah
Al-Sahel
Al-Tadamon
Source:
Previous winners
Source:
By season
1961–62 : Al-Arabi
1962–63 : Al-Arabi
1963–64 : Al-Arabi
1964–65 : Al-Kuwait
1965–66 : Al-Arabi
1966–67 : Al-Arabi
1967–68 : Al-Kuwait
1968–69 : Al-Qadisiya
1969–70 : Al-Arabi
1970–71 : Al-Qadisiya
1971–72 : Al-Kuwait
1972–73 : Al-Qadisiya
1973–74 : Al-Kuwait
1974–75 : Al-Qadisiya
1975–76 : Al-Qadisiya
1976–77 : Al-Kuwait
1977–78 : Al-Qadisiya
1978–79 : Al-Kuwait
1979–80 : Al-Arabi
1980–81 : Al-Salmiya
1981–82 : Al-Arabi
1982–83 : Al-Arabi
1983–84 : Al-Arabi
1984–85 : Al-Arabi
1985–86 : Kazma
1986–87 : Kazma
1987–88 : Al-Arabi
1988–89 : Al-Arabi
1989–90 : Al-Jahra
1990–91 : No championship due to Gulf War
1991–92 : Qadsia SC
1992–93 : Al-Arabi SC
1993–94 : Kazma SC
1994–95 : Al-Salmiya SC
1995–96 : Kazma SC
1996–97 : Al-Arabi SC
1997–98 : Al-Salmiya SC
1998–99 : Qadsia SC
1999–2000 : Al-Salmiya SC
2000–01 : Kuwait SC
2001–02 : Al-Arabi SC
2002–03 : Qadsia SC
2003–04 : Qadsia SC
2004–05 : Qadsia SC
2005–06 : Kuwait SC
2006–07 : Kuwait SC
2007–08 : Kuwait SC
2008–09 : Qadsia SC
2009–10 : Qadsia SC
2010–11 : Qadsia SC
2011–12 : Qadsia SC
2012–13 : Kuwait SC
2013–14 : Qadsia SC
2014–15 : Kuwait SC
2015–16 : Qadsia SC
2016–17 : Kuwait SC
2017–18 : Kuwait SC
2018–19 : Kuwait SC
2019–20 : Kuwait SC
2020–21 : Al-Arabi SC
2021–22 : Kuwait SC
Most titles
Total titles won by Governorate
Topscorers
Participation by the years
Notes:
1979–80 to 1984–85: Kuwaiti Division One was Stopped.
1991–92: all Clubs participated after the Gulf War
1994–95: Kuwaiti Division One was Stopped.
1996–97: Qadsia SC Withdrew.
2013–14 to 2014–15: Kuwaiti Division One was Stopped.
2015–16: Al Tadhamon SC Withdrew.
References
External links
Kuwait: VIVA Premier League Fixtures and Results at FIFA
xscores.com Kuwait Premier League
goalzz.com - Kuwaiti League
1
Top level football leagues in Asia
Sport leagues established in 1961
1961 establishments in Kuwait
1
Kim Dong-hee (born June 13, 1999) is a South Korean actor under JYP Entertainment. He is best known for his acting in hit Korean television series such as Sky Castle (2019), Itaewon Class (2020), A-Teen (2018), A-Teen 2 (2019), and Netflix's original series Extracurricular (2020).
Early life
Kim was born on June 13, 1999, in Andong and is currently studying at Gachon University majoring in Acting Arts.
Career
Kim made his acting debut in 2018, playing as Ha Min-in the teen web series, A-Teen. He also starred in JTBC's hit drama Sky Castle which started airing on November 23, 2018. Kim reprised his role as Ha Min-in the second season of A-Teen which aired in 2019.
In 2020, Kim starred in JTBC's drama Itaewon Class, based on the webtoon of the same name. Kim then landed his first lead role in the Netflix television series Extracurricular where he played the role of a school boy named Oh Ji-soo.
Personal life
Bullying allegations and investigation
In February 2021, Mr. A claimed to be Kim Dong-hee's elementary school classmate, said, "It was a daily routine for Kim Dong-hee to hit and bully his friends", and has been posted Mr. A presented Kim Dong-hee's graduation photo and SNS photos along with the revelations. Netizen B, who claimed to be Kim Dong-hee's middle school classmate, also claimed, "Kim Dong-hee slapped a classmate who was suffering from a disability with a game that was unfavorable to him or called in a friend to give him a massage." Netizen B also said, "I was strangled by Kim Dong-hee for minor reasons and assaulted several times, and I even received death threats with a sharp weapon."
On December 28, 2021 Kim Dong-hee's legal representative, said in an official statement that the investigation into defamation caused by the spread of false information raised to the author of the allegation of school violence was acquitted. The result of the investigation came out, Kim Dong-hee is innocent.
On January 12, 2022 the Seoul Metropolitan Police has revealed that Kim Dong-hee has admitted to bullying one of his classmates in high-school.
Kim Dong-Hee and the company he is under, JYP Entertainment, has yet to release a statement and apology regarding the matter.
On January 13, 2022 Kim Dong-hee revealed his position and posted a apology on the suspicion of school violence. He stated:
Filmography
Film
Television series
Web series
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
South Korean male models
South Korean male television actors
South Korean television presenters
South Korean male web series actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
JYP Entertainment artists
People from Andong
Gachon University alumni
4 Tunna Brix is an EP by the alternative rock group Sonic Youth, released in 1990. It comprises four songs recorded by the BBC in 1988 for John Peel's radio program – three covers of the Fall ("My New House", "Rowche Rumble" and "Psycho Mafia") and one ("Victoria") of the Kinks (the latter had also been covered by the Fall). The title referenced former Fall guitarist Brix Smith.
Track listing
"My New House" (Mark E. Smith)
"Rowche Rumble" (Craig Scanlon, Steve Hanley, Mark E. Smith)
"Psycho Mafia" (Mark E. Smith, Tony Friel)
"Victoria" (Ray Davies)
References
1990 EPs
Sonic Youth EPs
Mercy Multiplied is an international Christian charitable organization organization that offers a six-month faith-based residential program for young women between the ages of 13 and 32 who suffer from issues such as eating disorders, depression, self-harm, abuse issues, and drug and alcohol addictions. The ministry operates as A Girl Called Hope in New Zealand.
The organization is anti-abortion, and offers women with unplanned pregnancies alternatives to abortion as part of its program. In 2010, the program was extended to work with victims of sex trafficking.
History
Mercy Multiplied was founded in 1983 by Nancy Alcorn. She had previously worked for eight years as an athletic director in a Tennessee Department of Corrections facility for delinquent girls, then to supervise foster-care placements with an Emergency Child Protective Services unit investigating cases of abuse and neglect, and then Director of Women at the Nashville Teen Challenge program.
Alcorn opened the first Mercy Ministries home in West Monroe in 1983 (which until 1987 was better-known as "Covenant Ministries"). A second home was opened in Nashville in 1996 followed by new corporate headquarters in 2001.
The organization went international in 2001, opening two facilities in Australia followed by further homes in the United Kingdom in 2006, New Zealand in 2007 and Canada in 2010. Following widely publicized abuse scandals, they announced the closure of the Australian homes. The Sunshine Coast facility closed in June 2008 followed by the Sydney (Baulkham Hills) home in October 2009. Mercy Ministries New Zealand registered the domain name for A Girl Called Hope on September 21, 2010, completing the transition to this new name on January 28, 2011.
The organization also opened homes in St Louis, Missouri and Sacramento, California in 2005 and 2009 respectively.
Ethos
While the Mercy Multiplied website states they are a non-denominational Christian organization, the organization is also considered to be evangelical, charismatic and fundamentalist, both as an organization and in their approach to treatment.
Its website states that the founder, Nancy Alcorn, established the following three financial principles for the program:
Accept girls free of charge;
Give at least ten percent of all donations to other organizations and ministries; and
To not accept any state or federal funding as it interferes with the freedom to share Christ.
The program treats all disorder through faith- and prayer-based means in place of professional support and treatment. Former residents and staff have reported that the organization seized social welfare payments from residents, contradicting the first principle, and a 2009 investigation in the Sydney Morning Herald revealed that residents at the organization's home in Sydney, Australia were required to sign over their Centrelink benefits during their stay at the program. A ruling by the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission in the same year also saw the organization admit that its claim that its program included support from "psychologists, dietitians, general practitioners and counsellors" was also false, and ordered them to pay restitution to some residents affected by this practice.
Funding
The Mercy Multiplied website states that they are supported solely by donations from individuals, organizations and other ministries. They host fund raising events throughout the year, and invite visitors to their website to donate by becoming a financial partner or "sponsoring" a girl.
Mercy Ministries Australia was investigated by the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission (ACCC) and found to be in breach of the Trade Practices Act 1997 and guilty of "false and misleading advertising" of their services, including advertising that their program was free of charge when their clients were in fact required to sign over their government welfare benefits. The former directors were required to issue a written apology as well as undertake to partially compensate the former residents from whom they took monies.
Program structure and content
Mercy Multiplied state that their counseling curriculum "combines biblical principles of healing and unconditional love with best-practice clinical interventions". All treatment offered at their residential homes is faith based, aimed at removing demonic influences on the souls of the girls.
This curriculum was said to have "replaced" "Restoring the Foundations" in 2009 by one media source, and in another, was said to have been "renamed" Choices That Bring Change. This change occurred in June 2008, following revelations that "Restoring the Foundations" involved the practice of exorcism/demonic deliverance. However, as of October 27, 2012, the Mercy Ministries of America website states that "Mercy Ministries does not perform or endorse exorcisms as part of its treatment curriculum".
Modules of Restoring the Foundations, used by Mercy Multiplied until June 2008, included "salvation", "forgiveness", "godly/ungodly beliefs", "generational curses", "soul/spirit hurts" and "demonic oppression".
Although Mercy does not characterize itself as engaging in conversion therapy, girls who are suspected of having homosexual feelings for one another are required to sign "separation contracts" which stipulate they will not be alone together.
Controversy
Complaints by former residents of Mercy Ministries include "emotionally cruel and medically unproven techniques", such as exorcism and residents being required to sign over social welfare payments to Mercy Ministries. Girls in their care are forbidden to reveal to others why they are enrolled, all disorders are treated the same because they believe they are all caused by demons.
Since early 2008, the organization has attracted considerable media attention in Australia, followed by the United States and the United Kingdom, drawing criticism of their employment of unqualified staff, overall medical negligence, seizing benefit payments of patients in contradiction to their promise of not charging for services, and the use of demonic deliverance in their approach to treatment. One member of the Australian Parliament referred to the organization as "a particularly bad example of a money-making cult."
The company's rebranding efforts from Mercy Ministries to Mercy Multiplied, but also including the new brand A Girl Called Hope in New Zealand, were criticized as attempts to silence critics.
References
External links
Mercy Multiplied website
Mercy UK website
Mercy Canada website
A Girl Called Hope (formerly Mercy Ministries New Zealand) Facebook page
Interview with Mercy Ministries Founder Nancy Alcorn
Christian charities based in the United States
Christian organizations established in 1983
Organizations based in Nashville, Tennessee
Charities based in Tennessee
1983 establishments in Tennessee
Residential treatment centers
Erigeron supplex is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names supple daisy or supple fleabane. It grows along the coastline and in the Coast Ranges in California, north of San Francisco Bay. It probably remains only in Sonoma and Marin Counties. There is a report of it growing well inland in Shasta County, but this is from a farm and probably a cultivated specimen.
Erigeron supplex grows in the scrub of coastal bluffs and grasslands. This is a perennial herb producing an unbranched, hairy, erect stem up to 40 centimeters (16 inches) tall. It is surrounded at the base by oval-shaped leaves several centimeters long. The inflorescence is generally a single flower head one or two centimeters (0.4–0.8 inches) wide containing yellow disc florets but no ray florets. The fruit is an achene with a pappus of bristles.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile
supplex
Flora of California
Plants described in 1868
Rheagan Reneé Courville (born March 26, 1993) is a former American collegiate gymnast for the LSU Lady Tigers gymnastics team. In 2013, she was the National Co-Champion on vault and was also SEC Gymnast of the Year, Central Region Gymnast of the Year, and Tiger Athletic Foundation (TAF) Gymnast of the Year. Once again in 2014, Rheagan was the National Co-Champion on vault, 2014 TAF Gymnast of the Year, SEC Gymnast of the Year, Central Region Co-Gymnast of the Year, 2014 NACGC/W Scholastic All-American. From 2012-2015 Rheagan Courville awarded SEC Academic Honor Roll. Has earned the most All America Honors in school history. She also helped the LSU Tigers finish 3rd in the team competition, the highest in school history. 2021 Region 8 Athlete Hall of Fame. During her elite career, Rheagan was crowned 2007 U.S. Classic Champion. Rheagan finished 5th at the 2007 VISA Championships.
Personal life
Rheagan was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on March 26, 1993 to parents, Aaron and Bridget Courville. She has one brother, Ryan. Courville graduated from University Laboratory High School of Baton Rouge in 2011. She graduated from Louisiana State University in 2015, where she majored in Sports Administration.
Public image
Courville has been featured in various newspapers and publications such as The Daily Reveille and The Advocate, compared to in both articles as Seimone Augustus and Glen Davis as 'Baton Rouge's best ever'.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20140407104152/http://www.gym-style.com/rheagan/
Living people
Sportspeople from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
American female artistic gymnasts
LSU Tigers women's gymnasts
1993 births
U.S. women's national team gymnasts
NCAA gymnasts who have scored a perfect 10
Bilići is a village in the municipality of Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 287.
References
Populated places in Travnik
The Deep House is a 2021 English supernatural horror film written and directed by Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo. The film stars James Jagger and Camille Rowe. Blumhouse Productions and Epix acquired the film for North American distribution.
The film was released in France on 30 June 2021 by Apollo Films.
Plot
Ben and Tina are a young engaged New York couple and passionate YouTube contributors who are travelling Europe and seeking out reputedly haunted houses to live-record their experiences. One day, they go to south-west France to seek out a sanatorium submerged in an artificial lake, only to find it a crowded vacation spot. A local, Pierre, offers to take them to an isolated branch of the lake in the forest of Chanteloup, an area which was artificially submerged in 1984 to prevent frequently recurring, devastating floods. The area he is leading them to contains a mansion which he claims has remained perfectly preserved.
Reaching the spot, Ben and Tina submerge, finding the house in a short while, with its contents strangely well-preserved. However, eerie things begin to happen after they enter the house; they hear strange voices and noises, the motion tracker on their drone indicates movement while there is nothing to trigger it, and their electronic equipment inexplicably begins malfunctioning. In addition, in some of the rooms they find lots of photos, posters and news articles showing missing children, as well as satanic symbols and a score of violent scratches at the front door post. In the kitchen, they discover a door blocked by a large crucifix, and opening it, they enter a room containing two corpses in chains and torture masks suspended above a satanic pentagram, and a side room filled with pickled human body parts. Ben and Tina try to flee the house, but the window they entered through is suddenly blocked off by a brick wall, and their frantic search for other exits is in vain.
While trying to open a grate in the cellar with the two bodies, Tina is suddenly attacked. The assault ceases abruptly, but strangely Ben denies that anything unusual has happened. Curious, Ben removes the masks from the corpses, revealing them to be the Montégnacs, the family who owned the house. The two corpses suddenly come to life and chase them through the house. As they try to escape through a chimney, the shaft collapses, trapping them on different floors. In an upstairs bedroom, Ben finds a family tree featuring Pierre, revealing him as the Montégnacs' son and indicating that he lured them to the house on purpose, before he is attacked by an undead girl - the Montégnacs' daughter Sarah - and possessed by her. When Tina finds him, he leads her to a hidden sitting room in the basement where Sarah, through Ben and a gruesome film reel, reveals that Mr. Montégnac and Pierre kidnapped children from the surrounding area to use as satanic sacrifices. The elder Montégnacs and Sarah were eventually killed by an avenging mob, but Pierre managed to escape.
Under Sarah's influence, Ben tries to convince Tina to join the family. Panicked and with her air supply depleted, Tina flees into a secret satanic chapel, where she finds a shaft leading out. Ben catches up with her and tries to kill her, but she wounds him with a diving knife, shocking him out of his possession. Before they can escape together, Sarah stabs Ben to death. The Montégnacs then turn on Tina, but she escapes up the shaft, which leads back into the lake. But just below the water's surface, the remaining air in her lungs gives out, and she drowns.
After the credits, there is a brief scene in which two new divers look out over the lake, accompanied by Pierre.
Cast
James Jagger as Ben
Camille Rowe as Tina
Éric Savin as Pierre Montégnac
Alexis Servaes as Mister Montégnac
Anne Claessens as Madame Montégnac
Carolina Massey as Sarah Montégnac
Production
Principal photography took place from 27 January to 13 March 2020 and from 15 to 26 June 2020 at Studios Lites (in Vilvoorde, Belgium), in the Occitanie region (in the, Raviège and Saint Peyres lakes) from 6 to 10 July 2020.
Reception
Meagan Navarro, of Bloody Disgusting, gave the film 3.5/5 stars, and wrote that "The Deep House offers a slow, dark descent that builds to a satisfying conclusion (...) successfully blending two subgenres that couldn't be further apart and execute it with impressive ambition. That daring ability to test the bounds of horror, at least on a technical level, is always welcome in the genre space, even if not a perfect success."
References
External links
2021 films
2021 horror thriller films
French haunted house films
French horror thriller films
Films featuring underwater diving
Films set in France
Films shot in Belgium
Blumhouse Productions films
2020s English-language films
2020s French films
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Aozasa Station is served by the Kamaishi Line; it is located 50.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform, serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but there is a brick weather shelter, located across the road parallel to the platform. The station is unattended.
History
Aozasa Station opened on 1 September 1915 on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
Aozasa Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Kīlauea Lighthouse is located on Kīlauea Point on the island of Kauai, Hawaii in the Kīlauea Point National Wildlife Refuge.
History
Kīlauea Point, a narrow, lava peninsula protruding from the northern shore of Kauai, was purchased from the Kīlauea Sugar Plantation Company in 1909 for one US dollar.
Before construction could begin, a method for delivering supplies to the point had to be developed. Due to the lack of good roads from the Nawiliwili harbor, the decision was made to bring the materials in by sea.
The lighthouse tender Kukui would anchor offshore and then dispatch small boats with supplies to a cove near the point. Since there was no beach landing, the boats would anchor to cleats cemented into the lava rocks at the point. A boom derrick, constructed on a ledge above the water, would lift the supplies from the boats and place them on a loading platform above the water.
Finally, after almost four years of planning, construction began in July 1912 and the light was dedicated on May 1, 1913. The tower was built in a Classical Revival architecture style out of reinforced concrete. The tower is a slightly tapering cylinder about high.
The upper portion has a steel circular walkway with handrail.
The lens is one of only seven second-order Fresnel lenses remaining in a lighthouse in the US. Barbier, Bernard, and Turenne manufactured the lens in Paris, France. The lens floated on mercury and compressed air. The lens was rotated by a system of pulleys powered by weights that needed to be reset by an operator every 3.5 hours.
An oil storage house was built southeast of the light, and a small engine house in a small cove below the point. About south is a residential area with three small stone houses. Each house and the lighthouse itself has a water storage tank.
The point is accessed from Route 56 (called Kuhio Highway), north of the town of Kīlauea.
On June 29, 1927, the United States Army Air Corps pilots of the airplane Bird of Paradise, Lester J. Maitland and Albert F. Hegenberger, were attempting the first transpacific flight from California to Hawaii. An hour before dawn, aware that they were slightly north of their planned course and with their directional radio receiver not functioning, they spotted the Kīlauea Lighthouse as planned to verify their position.
A radio beacon was added in 1930, and with the added generator the light was changed to be powered by electricity. Originally 250,000 candle power, the light reached 2,500,000 candle power in 1958.
The station was manned until 1974 when it was automated. In February 1976 the light was moved to a nearby smaller tower and the tower was sealed. It was one of the last lights converted to automation by the United States Coast Guard in the Hawaiian Islands.
The radio beacon was replaced in 1956, and then in the 1980s converted to a visitor center.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hawaii in 1979. The historic district included .
In 1985 the Kīlauea Point National Wildlife Refuge, starting with the original Coast Guard Station, and then expanding to preserve the surrounding habitat.
A new visitor center was built in 1988. The buildings were damaged by Hurricane Iniki in September 1992, but repaired.
The visitors center is operated by the Kīlauea Point Natural History Association. Starting in late 2008, the group raised funds for restoration of the lighthouse.
In popular culture
The Kīlauea Lighthouse can be seen briefly in Disney's animated film Lilo & Stitch, and it plays a more important role in its first released sequel, Stitch! The Movie, the pilot film to Lilo & Stitch: The Series. In the film, the lighthouse serves as a rendezvous point where the protagonists are to trade Jumba Jookiba's first 624 experiments (the 625th experiment was taken by Gantu earlier) with the antagonist Dr. Jacques von Hämsterviel for Jumba himself. The lighthouse in the franchise was said in the movie to have shut down years ago due to the financial troubles of keeping it running. Towards the end of the film, however, Experiment 221—an electrical experiment that Lilo names "Sparky"— is given the lighthouse as a new home, and he uses his power to make the beacon shine again.
See also
List of lighthouses in Hawaii
References
External links
Kilauea Light Station Restoration Project
Kilauea Lighthouse at lighthousefriends.com
Lighthouses completed in 1913
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
Buildings and structures in Kauai County, Hawaii
Tourist attractions in Kauai County, Hawaii
1913 establishments in Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places in Kauai County, Hawaii
Vincent Lampert (born 1963) is an American Catholic priest and the designated exorcist of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis. Father Lampert was appointed to become an exorcist by Archbishop Daniel M. Buechlien. He is one of the few exorcists known to use social media like Twitter (@FrVinceLampert) on a regular basis. In one article he told the reporter that he is fighting the devil by tweeting about exorcism.
Life and work
Vincent Lampert was born April 7, 1963 and was ordained on June 1, 1991.
Father Vince Lampert is assigned as the Pastor of both St. Peter and St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Churches in Brookville, Indiana. Father Vince was born on April 7, 1963. He grew up in a large Roman Catholic family that was active in the faith on the west side of Indianapolis, Indiana. His favorite quote is also known as the Jesus Prayer, "Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, have mercy on me, a sinner." In 1981 he graduated from Cardinal Ritter High School. For a couple of years he studied political sciences at Indiana University - Bloomington, before transferring to the Saint Meinrad Seminary to study for the priesthood. Father Vince received his Master of Divinity degree from the Benedictine monks who own and operate Saint Meinrad Archabbey.
Exorcism
Father Vince Lampert received his exorcism classroom training at the Pontifical North American College in Rome, Italy. He was in the same training class with Father Gary Thomas, the exorcist for San Jose, California US. Matt Baglio wrote the book, The Rite: The Making of a Modern Exorcist based on Father Gary Thomas, that later became the 2011 movie, The Rite. Father Lampert received practical experience, by assisting on over 40 exorcisms with Father Carmine de Filippis, who is the mentor for exorcists in the Diocese of Rome. While speaking to students about exorcism at Seton Hall University about his training, he told them he spent three months training to be an exorcist.
At the invitation of the Newman Center of Montclair State, Father Lampert gave a talk to the students. He told them about how he went to a local ice cream shop to celebrate, after a year-long series of prayers over a person, who was finally released the from their demonic situation.
During a 2016 talk with students at Purdue University, Father Vince Lampert identified various occult practices that could lead a person to be tied to evil. The presence of an evil spirit include bodily contortions, changes in the person's voice, unpleasant odors, and temperature changes in a room.
Father Vince Lampert consulted on a famous case, as the designated exorcist of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis. Father Michael Maginot, pastor of St. Stephen Martyr Church in Merrillville, Indiana had permission from his Bishop Dale Joseph Melczek to work with Father Vince on a house then owned by Zak Bagans. After various prayers and blessings, including the use of holy water, the house was demolished in 2016.
As a noted expert on exorcism, who is willing to be published in the media about his work, Father Lampert has spoken about the difference between exorcisms that are authorized by the local bishop, compared to fee-based "private exorcists" that work independent of the church. Lampert has met with other exorcists in Rome during meetings with the International Association of Exorcists. When he was appointed as an exorcist in 2005, there were perhaps only 12 exorcists in the US. Today, there are more than 50 that he knows personally in the USA. As one of the noted authorities on exorcism, he was interviewed in documentary movie The Rite of Exorcism: Myth, Mystery & Hope along with other noted exorcists like Fr. Gabriele Amorth and Fr. José Antonio Fortea. His first exorcism case as documented in an episode during the 2013 season of the cable television network Syfy series Paranormal Witness. When the Fox TV Show The Exorcist was released a Fox TV News crew did a two minute interview with the exorcist that is sought out for interviews from around the world for his commentary on the series. Father Lampert was quoted in an article by The Atlantic that as of October 2018 he had received 1,700 phone or email requests for exorcisms, the most he had ever in a year.
Father Lampert once said that exorcisms were on the rise due to a wavering faith in the Church and factors like drug abuse. As his case load increased, a center to provide training for exorcist priests and deacons was set up in the United States to teach courses to clergy only. The Pope Leo XIII Institute was founded in Milwaukee in 2012 to assist in training for exorcists.
Movies and television
The Rite of Exorcism: Myth, Mystery & Hope (2011)
Paranormal Witness (2011-) (episode aired November 20, 2013)
Paranormal Declassified: S1E6 “Gateway to Hell” 1/26/2021
References
External links
Fox 59 TV News interview
ABC 6 TV News interview
WBUR 90.9 audio interview - 5 minutes with Eric Westervelt & Father Vince Lampert
WNPR audio interview - 49 minutes with Dr. Francis Young; Father Vince Lampert; Dr. Richard Gallagher
Bobcat Catholic Videos - 1 hour 45 minute segment "Father Vince Lampert on Exorcism"
Sts. Peter & Paul Catholic Church, Haubstadt, IN the USA - 1 hour "Exorcism Talk 10.5.2015 - Fr. Vince Lampert"
Pope Leo XIII Institute
United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) FAQ about Exorcism
American religious leaders
American Roman Catholic priests
Living people
1963 births
Lollipop is the debut single album recorded by South Korean boy band Imfact. The single album was released as a digital download on January 27, 2016, by Star Empire Entertainment and distributed by KT Music, and as a physical album on January 28, 2016.
Commercial performance
Lollipop entered at number 6 on the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated January 24–30, 2016. On the monthly edition of the same chart, the album appeared at number 30 with 2,270 physical copies sold for the month of January.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Sales
Release history
References
External links
2016 EPs
Genie Music EPs
Korean-language EPs
Single albums
William D. F. Leushner (November 27, 1863 – October 25, 1935) was a competitive rifle shooter.
As a teenager he moved to Buffalo, New York, and joined the United States National Guard. In the 1908 Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. military rifle team, having the highest individual score in the team competition. In the 1912 Summer Olympics, Leushner won a silver medal in the "team running deer, single shot 100 meters" competition (targets, not actual deer were used) and two bronze medals, finishing third in the "small-bore rifle teams 25 meters", and "small-bore rifle teams 50 meters". Leushner finished his Olympic career at the 1920 Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium, in which for the first time he failed to medal. He was a three-time winner of the National Rifle Association of America's (N.R.A.) Members Trophy, winning the inaugural contest in 1901, and taking the title again in 1903 and 1908.
As a member of the U.S. National Guard, Leushner served on the Mexican border Pancho Villa Expedition with the 74th regiment. He was a marksmanship instructor at Camp Perry during the First World War and one year with the American Army of Occupation from 1919 to 1920. He was eventually made Lieutenant Colonel in the Reserve Corps.
Leushner died on October 25, 1935, aged 71, in his home in Buffalo. He had no children and was survived by his widow and several Canadian relatives.
Awards and medals
Olympic gold medal 1908 military rifle team competition
Olympic silver medal 1912 team running deer, single shot
Olympic bronze medal 1912 small-bore rifle teams 25 meters
Olympic bronze medal 1912 small-bore rifle teams 50 meters
N.R.A. Member's trophy 1901
N.R.A. Member's trophy 1903
N.R.A. Member's trophy 1908
References
Sources
"Big reception for Yankee marksmen", Buffalo News (byline 'the news bureau' Washington, D.C.), July 17, 1908
"W.F. Leushner, ill 10 days, dies", obituary, Buffalo News (no author given), October 26, 1935
Gene Korzelius, "Buffalo athletes won many world honors in sportdom", Buffalo News, October 11, 1930
David Wallechinsky, The Complete Book of the Olympics
"Noted soldier, Olympic star, taken by death" (obituary), Buffalo Courier (no byline), October 26, 1935
External links
Olympic stats posted on databaseOlympics.com
1863 births
1935 deaths
American male sport shooters
United States Distinguished Marksman
ISSF rifle shooters
Running target shooters
Sportspeople from Buffalo, New York
People from Simcoe County
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in shooting
Shooters at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ontario
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1912 Summer Olympics
The Christian Federation of Salvadoran Peasants (, abbreviated as FECCAS) was a Salvadoran peasant union which had connections to the Christian Democratic Party.
History
The Christian Federation of Salvadoran Peasants was created by the National Union of Christian Workers (UNOC) in 1964. The federation became an independent entity in 1969 which allowed it to become a militant organization. FECCAS had most of its support from the poor agrarian population of El Salvador who suffered under the policies being made by the National Conciliation Party (PCN). Many FECCAS organizers were Roman Catholic priests who were Jesuits. In 1974, FECCAS, along with the Union of Rural Workers (UTC), formed the Unified Popular Action Front (FAPU).
While FECCAS was an independent organization, a part of the National Union of Christian Workers, and a part of the Unified Popular Action Front, members constantly were targeted by the National Democratic Organization (ORDEN), a collection of death squads and paramilitaries created and operated by the military government. When FECCAS demanded higher rural waged in October 1977, ORDEN cracked down on the organization by occupying large areas in Chalatenango, the department with its heaviest support, and committed seven murders and three rapes.
The organization ceased to exist in 1980 with increased repression and attacks from the Revolutionary Government Junta of El Salvador with many former members joining one of the five guerrilla groups which would form the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front and fight against the government during the Salvadoran Civil War.
See also
Christian Democratic Party
National Opposing Union
Unified Popular Action Front
United Front for Revolutionary Action
References
1960s establishments in El Salvador
1980s disestablishments in El Salvador
Harmanlı is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 124 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
DYCL (97.7 FM), broadcasting as Radyo To-do 97.7, is a radio station owned and operated by To-do Media, Inc. The station's studio and transmitter are located along Taft St. (near the Provincial Capitol), Brgy. Poblacion, Roxas, Capiz.
To-do Media Stations
References
Radio stations in Capiz
Radio stations established in 2016
The Abergwaun Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Ireland open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Tipperary over a distance of 5 furlongs (1,006 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in August.
The race was first run in 2003.
Records
Most successful horse (3 Wins):
Senor Benny - (2004,2007,2008)
Leading jockey (3 wins):
Declan McDonogh - Senor Benny (2004,2008), Gorane
Adrian Nicholls – Peace Offering (2006), Inxile (2011,2012)
Leading trainer (3 wins):
Kevin McDonagh – Senor Benny (2004,2007,2008)
David Nicholls - Peace Offering (2006), Inxile (2011,2012)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Ireland
List of Irish flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , ,
Flat races in Ireland
Tipperary Racecourse
Open sprint category horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 2003
2003 establishments in Ireland
All Saints Church is an Episcopal church in the Diocese of Brechin, located in the Scottish village of Glencarse, Perth and Kinross.
Still in use as a congregational church, the building is constructed in the half-timbered style, and on 9 June 1981 was listed as a category C listed building.
References
Episcopal church buildings in Scotland
Churches in Perth and Kinross
Listed churches in Scotland
Category C listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Lake Charm is a small town situated on the Murray Valley Highway, just west of a lake of the same name. Located in the northwest of Victoria, Australia, within the Shire of Gannawarra. Lake Charm is 19 km from Kerang. At the , Lake Charm and the surrounding area had a population of 311.
The area is a popular destination for waterskiing, boating, duck hunting, fishing and scenic drives. It is south of Swan Hill, the nearest large town.
Lakes
Lake Charm has a surface area of 457 hectares and is especially noted for its large redfin.
Just north of Lake Charm is Racecourse Lake, which is a good fishing spot with picnic facilities.
Sport
The Lake Charm Football club combined with Mystic Park Football Club in the early 1950s becoming the Lakes Football Club, and were a member of the Kerang and District Football League, the club went into recess following the 1985 season.
Lakes as the team was known to its followers won the KDFL 1966 under 16 competition premierships and they took out the premiership at Senior level in 1972.
Lake Charm once had a small golf course .
There is a Tennis Club at Lake Charm and it is still active.
The Lake Charm cricket team played in the North West Lakes Cricket association both ceased in the early 1970s.
Other popular sports at Lake Charm are water skiing, sailing and fishing.
Railway
Just south of town is the Yungera railway line. The train does not stop, with the station closing to all traffic on 31 July 1977.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Arthur Bruce Barbour Moore (February 4, 1906 – September 9, 2004) was an ordained minister of the United Church of Canada who served as president and Vice-Chancellor of Victoria University in the University of Toronto, Chancellor of the University of Toronto, and as the 24th Moderator of the United Church of Canada.
Early life and education
Arthur Moore was born in Keswick Ridge, New Brunswick on February 4, 1906, the fifth son of a Congregational minister. He spent his early years in the Eastern Townships of Quebec. In 1923, age 17, he enrolled in liberal arts at McGill University, but by his second year of studies, he felt drawn to ministry and began part-time studies at the United Theological College in Montreal.
Ministry
Following graduation from McGill with his Bachelor of Arts, Moore filled student ministry posts in Tatamagouche, Nova Scotia, and Portneuf, Quebec while studying for a post-graduate degree in divinity. He earned a Bachelor of Divinity in 1930, and after completing his graduate studies at Oxford University, was ordained as a minister of the United Church of Canada. After a year of travel in Europe, he became the minister of Amherst Park United Church in Montreal. One day he met Margaret Price on a streetcar and they were married in 1933.
For the next ten years, the Moores moved to various churches in Quebec, Pennsylvania, Ontario and Saskatchewan.
Academia and moderator
In 1946, Moore accepted the post of Principal and Professor of Theology at St. Andrew's College, a theological school attached to the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon. In 1950, he became the president and vice-chancellor of Victoria University in Toronto, a post he would fill for twenty years. During his tenure, he facilitated the construction of campus resources, and was also involved in the formation of the Toronto School of Theology.
During this period, Moore delivered the eulogies of several prominent Canadians, including poet E.J. Pratt (1964), fellow minister and first Moderator of the United Church George C. Pidgeon (1971), and former prime minister Lester B. Pearson (1972).
In 1971, Moore was elected to a two-year term as the 24th Moderator of the United Church of Canada, succeeding Robert McClure. Moore later recalled in his memoirs that "It was not a great council but it did some good and significant things [...] Much time was spent on restructuring the church. Every time the church grows discouraged over its condition, it seems to think that a new organization equates with revitalization. This is far from true; the renewal comes from within its members."
For several years before his election, Moore had been co-chair of a joint commission of the United Church and the Anglican Church of Canada that explored the possibility of an organic union of the two denominations. At the 1971 General Council that elected Moore as Moderator, the delegates were presented with Plan of Union, the commission's proposal on how this could be accomplished. The report was accepted by the delegates, and the Hymn Book, a new source of song and liturgy, was produced the same year for use by both denominations. This was as close as the two would get. In 1975, the Anglican House of Bishops and National Executive Council rejected the Plan of Union, unwilling to give up ordination of clergy by bishops, and refusing to recognize United Church clergy as ordained.
In 1977, Moore became chancellor of the University of Toronto, a post he held for three years.
Retirement and death
After his retirement, he wrote his memoirs, titled Here where we live, published by United Church Publishing House in 1988. Moore died in Toronto on September 9, 2004, age 98.
Awards and recognition
1952: Honorary Doctor of Laws, University of Saskatchewan
1975: Honorary Doctor of Divinity, Victoria University.
Honorary degrees from St. Andrew's College (1961), McGill University (1978), and University of Toronto (1981)
In 1976, Moore was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his services to the religious and educational life of our country".
References
External links
Rev. Arthur Bruce Barbour Moore oral history interview held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
1906 births
2004 deaths
Canadian clergy
Members of the United Church of Canada
Ministers of the United Church of Canada
Chancellors of the University of Toronto
Canadian university and college chief executives
Officers of the Order of Canada
Moderators of the United Church of Canada
Nisardin (fl. 1585–1609, also known as Nasiruddin) was an artist who is credited to have painted the earliest dated set of Rajasthani miniature paintings, called Chawand Ragamala. It is uncertain if he belonged to the same family as Sahibdin who is also known as a miniature artist from the same era. Chawand Ragamala is dated to 1605 and is so named because the set was created in Chawand village, in present day Rajasthan. The set was probably patronized by Rana Pratap Singh or his son Amar Singh who was living in exile in Chawand.
The set is inscribed and clearly states the name of the artist.
References
Painters from Rajasthan
17th-century Indian painters
Yoshimatsu (written: 吉松) may refer to:
, former town in Aira District, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan
, train station in Aira District
Yoshimatsu (name)
Brno astronomical clock (Czech: Brněnský orloj) is a black stone monument in Brno, Czech Republic. It is situated at Náměstí Svobody, the main square in the Brno City Centre. The monument was proposed by Oldřich Rujbr and Petr Kameník. Every day at 11:00 it releases a glass marble, which the spectators can catch from one of four openings in the monument and they can take it with them as a souvenir. Although the monument is publicly known as an astronomical clock (orloj), it is only a clock. Construction of the clock took three years, at a cost of approximately 12 million CZK.
References
Links
Buildings and structures in Brno
Clocks in the Czech Republic
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1940–41 season.
League standings
Division 2 Norra 1940–41
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Östra 1940–41
Division 2 Västra 1940–41
Division 2 Södra 1940–41
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Illicium floridanum (also known as purple anise, Florida anise, stink-bush, or star-anise) is an evergreen shrub native to the Gulf Coast area of the Southern United States, from Florida to Louisiana.
Description
The Florida anise tree has large evergreen lance shaped leaves that are lustrous and dark green. When crushed the leaf has a sweet odor, described as being "anise-like". The leaf of this plant has a parallel main vein. Within the leaf of this shrub, a flower also grows. The flower has 20 to 30 maroon-colored petals. The petals are typically in diameter. The flower is attractive, and it is often overlooked within the lush shiny foliage, but has a fish-like odor. If the flower is ripe, the seed explodes out of the star-shaped fruit. This plant has a variety that can be produced in cultivation through selective breeding. Depending on the breeding, white flowers can be observed.
Taxonomy
The Illicium floridanum plant was first discovered in 1765 by the servant of a man named William Clifton, Esq. of West Florida. It was first observed growing in a swamp near Pensacola. In 1766, King George III's botanist, John Bartram, found the Illicium flordianum plant on St. Johns River bank located in East Florida. He made a drawing of the plant, where he described the petals, leaves, and type of tree.
Distribution
This perennial plant is found in northern Florida and Georgia, as well as along the coastal plain toward Louisiana. The Illicium floridanum plant is endangered in Georgia. This plant species in those areas are known to be toxic. The Illicium floridanum shrub can be seen growing in wetlands, but can also be found in non-wetland areas. It grows in partial to fully shaded areas. However, it can survive in sunny areas, as long as it is being watered well. The soil for this plant should be moist, mulched and watered, especially during periods of dryness.
Uses
Illicium floridanum should not be ingested, and is not considered an alternative to a culinary spice. However, there is a similar species, the Chinese plant known as Illicium verum, which is used as a spice, and the oil of which is used in medicine and to flavor alcoholic beverages.
Etymology
Illicium is derived from Latin and means 'seductive'. The name is in reference to the plant's fragrance.
Floridanum means 'from Florida'.
References
floridanum
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Plants described in 1770
Breakish may refer to:
Lower Breakish, Isle of Skye, Scotland
Upper Breakish, Isle of Skye, Scotland
Black Devil is a Dutch brand of cigarettes, currently owned and manufactured by Heupink & Bloemen. The brand is especially popular amongst teen smokers.
In France
Since March 2010, flavoured cigarettes can no longer be sold in France in a bid by the French government to combat youth smoking. Thus, the Finest Flavour chocolate variant became the Grey Flavour and the filter is no longer sweet or flavoured with the taste of chocolate. The brand continues to sell flavoured cigarettes outside of France.
Packaging
All varieties are presented in a "rigid" package and the word black Devil in the center of the pack. There is also a logo consisting of a red circle with a stylized, black and smiling little devil, holding a silver fork. The three types of packets (The Finest Flavour, Special Flavour, Pink) differ substantially for color: the first one is black, the second is gray, and the third is pink. The cigarettes and filter also have the colour of the package they are assigned with: black cigarettes for the black vanilla pack, pink cigarettes for the pink normal pack, green cigarettes for the green menthol pack, and so on.
Markets
Black Devil cigarettes are sold in the following countries: Belgium, Netherlands, Mozambique, Germany, France, Switzerland, Sweden, Austria, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Latvia, Russia, [[Spain]spain no longer sales them
], Israel,
Myanmar, Taiwan, South Korea, Mongolia, Ukraine, Japan, and were formerly sold in Portugal.
Products
Black Devil Chocolate Flavour
Black Devil Special Flavour
Black Devil Black
Black Devil Pink
Black Devil Yellow
Black Devil Green (mint flavor)
Black Devil Cherry
Black Devil Ice
Black Devil Gold
Black Devil Cafe
Below are all the current brands of Black Devil cigarettes sold, with the levels of tar, nicotine and carbon monoxide included.
See also
Tobacco smoking
References
Cigarette brands
Hero is a 1982 British independent adventure-fantasy film written and directed by Barney Platts-Mills. Set in the medieval age, it is spoken entirely in Gaelic.
The film was entered into the main competition at the 39th edition of the Venice Film Festival.
Plot
Cast
Derek McGuire as Dermid O'Duinne
Caroline Kenneil as Princess Grannia
Alastair Kenneil as Finn MacCumhaill
Stewart Grant as Osin
Harpo Hamilton as Oscar
References
External links
1980s adventure films
1980s fantasy films
Films directed by Barney Platts-Mills
British adventure films
British fantasy films
1982 drama films
1982 films
1980s British films
Rosario Mazzola (19 September 1924 – 24 December 2018) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of Cefalù from 1988 to 2000.
Life
Mazzola studied at the seminary of Palermo. He was ordained a priest on 16 July 1950, by Ernesto Ruffini, archbishop of Palermo and future cardinal. After he worked as a parson, Mazzola was appointed auxiliary bishop of Palermo in June 1982.
He was consecrated on 4 September 1982 by Cardinal Salvatore Pappalardo. On 23 July 1988, Pope John Paul II appointed him bishop of Cefalù. In March 1995, he said that the Mafia activities in Sicily are a 'disgrace'. Mazzola became bishop emeritus on 18 March 2000.
References
1924 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Clergy from Palermo
Auxiliary bishops
Benjamin Frederick Warburton (1864–22 September 1943), known as Ben Warburton, was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Early career
Ben Warburton was once described as "A sterling half-back". As a young man he played cricket for Notts Castle Cricket Club.
1888–1889 Season
Playing at centre–half, Warburton made his Club & League debut on 8 September 1888 at Anfield, the then home of Everton. Notts County lost to the home team 2–1. Ben Warburton appeared in two of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89.
1889 onwards
In 1889 Warburton took a posting in South Africa and emigrated there to work in the telegraph service. He must have returned to Nottingham as births, marriages and deaths records his passing away at the age of 79 in Basford, a suburb of Nottingham, on 22 September 1943.
References
1864 births
1943 deaths
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
Kevin O'Brien is an American director and storyboard artist. He is best known for his work on The Simpsons, where he has collaborated on 35 episodes in the storyboard department, and on Futurama, having worked on four episodes as a storyboard artist and one as a director ("My Three Suns"). Recently he has worked on Pixar films Ratatouille and WALL-E.
In 2005 he won an Annie Award for "Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production" for The Incredibles.
External links
Biography at New York Times.com
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American storyboard artists
American television directors
Annie Award winners
Pixar people
Shane Michael Spring (born 25 March 1988) is a South African rugby union player, who most recently played for Spanish División de Honor de Rugby side Ordizia. His regular position is loose-forward or winger.
Career
Youth
He represented the at the Under-16 Grant Khomo Week in 2004, and the Under–18 Craven Week in both 2005 and 2006. He then joined the , where he was included in their Under–19 squad in 2007 and their Under–21 squad in 2008.
He was also included in national team training groups at Under–16 and Under–20 level.
Border Bulldogs
His senior debut came when he returned to the for the 2011 Vodacom Cup season when he played in the opening day defeat to the . He established himself as a regular for the Bulldogs, playing in the majority of the games for them between 2011 and 2013.
Baia Mare
He was released by the Border Bulldogs at the end of 2013 and joined Romanian SuperLiga side Baia Mare. He scored two tries for them during the 2014 Superliga season to help them win the title.
Old Selbornians
He was released by Baia Mare at the start of 2015 and returned to South Africa. He joined Old Selbornians club and was included in their squad to participate in the 2015 SARU Community Cup.
Ordizia
After his spell at Old Selbornians, he returned to Europe for the 2015–2016 season, joining Spanish División de Honor de Rugby side Ordizia. He made six appearances for the team, scoring two tries, but was released after just four months with the Basque side.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
1988 births
Border Bulldogs players
Sportspeople from Qonce
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players from the Eastern Cape
Kristian Benkő (born 3 June 1994) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC.
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 6 December 2014.
References
Profile at MLSZ
Profile at HLSZ
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Malmö
Swedish people of Hungarian descent
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
Rákospalotai EAC footballers
Lombard-Pápa TFC footballers
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Polestar is the official Volvo Cars performance company and brand.
Pole star, polestar or polar star may refer to:
Pole star, a bright star that is approximately aligned with the axis of rotation of a planet
Polaris, North Pole star of the Earth
Polestar (comics), a Spider-Man villain
Cosmic Boy or Polestar, a DC Comics Superhero of the Legion of Super-Heroes
Polar Star (novel), a 1989 novel by Martin Cruz Smith
Polestar Racing Group, an American motorsport team currently competing in the Atlantic Championship
Polestar Racing, a Swedish motorsport team currently competing in the STCC and V8 SuperCars Championship
"Polar Star" (song), a song by F.T. Island
Polestar, a monument in Letterkenny
Polestar, the company of Philip Segal
Polestar, developed the Japan-exclusive game Magical Pop'n
Polestar Preschool, an area in the SNES RPG EarthBound
Polyarnaya Zvezda (disambiguation) (Russian-language titles)
Polar Star (Decembrist journal)
Ships
MS Polstjerna, a former Norwegian sealing ship
MV Polar Star, a former cruise ship by Polar Star Expeditions
NLV Pole Star, a lighthouse tender vessel
RV Polarstern, a German research icebreaker
USCGC Polar Star (WAGB-10), an icebreaker
See also
Polestar Xeus, a solution for monitoring cloud systems
Polar (cataclysmic variable star), a type of star
Order of the Polar Star Swedish order of Chivalry
Order of the Polar Star (Norway)
Cardiodactylus is an Asian genus of crickets in the family Gryllidae, subfamily Eneopterinae and tribe Lebinthini.
Species
Species have been recorded from: Japan, South-East Asia, Sri Lanka, Australia and western Pacific islands. The Orthoptera Species File lists:
Cardiodactylus minuta Bhowmik, 1981
Cardiodactylus nigris Bhowmik, 1981
species group Cardiodactylus (efordi) Otte, 2007
New Guinea region only
Cardiodactylus busu Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus canotus Saussure, 1878
Cardiodactylus efordi Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus enkraussi Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus javarere Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kokure Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kolombangara Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kukugai Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kuschei Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus lavella Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus mumurai Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus niugini Dong & Robillard, 2016
Cardiodactylus nobilis Dong & Robillard, 2016
Cardiodactylus pentecotensis Robillard, 2009
Cardiodactylus pictus Saussure, 1878
Cardiodactylus rufidulus Saussure, 1878
Cardiodactylus shanahani Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus singuawa Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus tangtalau Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus togerao Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus wairahu Otte, 2007
nomen nudum Cardiodactylus malangona Otte, 2007
species group Cardiodactylus (novaeguineae) (Haan, 1844)
Cardiodactylus admirabilis Tan & Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus aobaensis Robillard, 2009
Cardiodactylus baitabensis Dong & Robillard, 2016
Cardiodactylus borneoe Robillard & Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus brandti Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus bulolo Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus celebae Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus cheesmani Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus contrarius Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus doloduo Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus empagatao Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus epiensis Robillard, 2009
Cardiodactylus erniae Robillard & Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus esakii Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus floresiensis Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus fruhstorferi Gorochov & Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus gagnei Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus gaimardi (Serville, 1838)
Cardiodactylus gressitti Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus guttulus (Matsumura, 1913)
Cardiodactylus haanii Saussure, 1878
Cardiodactylus haddocki Dong & Robillard, 2016
Cardiodactylus halmahera Gorochov & Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus hentownesi Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus jdoeria Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus kondoi Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kotandora Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus kraussi Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus kusaiense Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus lampongsi Robillard & Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus loboe Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus lombrinjani Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus lucus Dong & Robillard, 2016
Cardiodactylus maai Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus mamai Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus manus Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus muiri Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus murakami Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus muria Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus novaeguineae (Haan, 1844)type species (as Gryllus novaeguineae Haan)
Cardiodactylus obi Gorochov & Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus oeroe Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus palawan Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus pelagus Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus quatei Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus reticulatus Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus riga Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus rizali Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus sedlaceki Otte, 2007
Cardiodactylus singapura Robillard, 2011
Cardiodactylus sumba Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus talaudae Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus tangkoko Gorochov, 2014
Cardiodactylus tankara Robillard, 2009
Cardiodactylus tello Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus thailandia Robillard, 2011
Cardiodactylus variegatus Gorochov & Robillard, 2014
Cardiodactylus vella Otte, 2007
nomen dubium Cardiodactylus praecipuus (Walker, 1869)
References
External links
Ensifera genera
crickets
Orthoptera of Asia
The Maker of Moons is an 1896 short story collection by Robert W. Chambers which followed the publication of Chambers' most famous work, The King in Yellow (1895).
It contained eight new stories, including the title story, one of his weird tales, and several romantic Art Nouveau stories, concluding with two less distinguished weird tales. The latter were subsequently incorporated into the episodic novel In Search of the Unknown.
The first three stories are linked by the theme of a dream wife named Ysonde, and they form a triptych. The weird nature of the first has interesting echoes in the other two, which feature picturesque animal figures, such as a Red Ibis and a disagreeable porcupine.
The story "In The Name of the Most High" is a war story set in the American Civil War. The next two stories are humorous romantic tales with a fishing theme and setting. Chambers' love of natural scenery illuminates most of the stories. The quality throughout is rather fine.
Published by Putnam's, New York and London, in 1896.
The first edition featured a frontispiece with a black and white illustration by Lancelot Speed.
Contents
"The Maker of Moons"
"The Silent Land"
"The Black Water"
"In the Name of the Most High"
"Boy's Sister"
"The Crime"
"A Pleasant Evening"
"The Man At The Next Table"
Reprints
In 1974, Fantasy House published the story "The Maker of Moons" along with "The Demoiselle d'Ys" (from The King in Yellow) in volume 4 of their "Fantasy Reader" series, under the title The Maker of Moons.
In 1954, Shroud, Publishers, reprinted "The Maker of Moons" with a modified ending that omitted the last two paragraphs which linked his story to the later ones in the set, as explained by K J Krueger in the "Postscript."
External links
Australian Gutenberg Text
1896 short story collections
American short story collections
Cthulhu Mythos anthologies
Horror short story collections
Evening Songs is an album collection of arrangements for cello and piano of songs by Frederick Delius and John Ireland containing three world premiere recordings. The album was recorded by the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber in September 2011 for Naxos.
Track listing
Sunset by Frederick Delius
Spring Sorrow by John Ireland
Birds in the High Hall Garden by Frederick Delius - world premiere recording
Evening Song by John Ireland - world premiere recording
In the Seraglio Garden by Frederick Delius
Love's Philosophy by Frederick Delius
Sea-Fever by John Ireland
Over the Mountains High by Frederick Delius
The Holy Boy by John Ireland
Serenade from Hassan by Frederick Delius
Through Long Long Years by Frederick Delius
Baby by John Ireland
The Three Ravens by John Ireland
Little Birdie by Frederick Delius
Hope by John Ireland
Ladslove by John Ireland
Slumber Song by Frederick Delius
Summer Schemes by John Ireland
With Your Blue Eyes by Frederick Delius
Her Song by John Ireland
In Summer Woods by John Ireland - world premiere recording
Personnel
Julian Lloyd Webber, Cello
Jiaxin Cheng, cello
John Lenehan, Piano
References
External links
Julian Lloyd Webber's website
Evening Songs album reviews
- excerpt from the title track of the album
Delius Society website
John Ireland Trust
Independent Newspaper podcast
Gramophone Magazine podcast
2011 classical albums
Julian Lloyd Webber albums
Lucy Pearman is a BAFTA nominated British comedian, actress and writer. She was nominated for Best Newcomer in the Edinburgh Comedy Awards at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2017 for her solo show. In July 2021 she wrote and starred in the BBC Three sitcom pilot Please Help, which was nominated for a BAFTA in 2022.
Stand up
Pearman performed her first solo Edinburgh Fringe show in 2016. In 2017, she was nominated for Best Newcomer in the Edinburgh Comedy Awards and in 2019 she was nominated for Best Show at the Leicester Comedy Festival Awards.
In 2018, The Scotsman described her show Fruit Loop as one of the most unusual comedy shows at the Edinburgh Fringe that year.
Her shows involve music, clowning, character comedy, surrealism, audience interaction, props and puns.
Television
She has acted on TV since 2009, appearing in The Mind of Herbert Clunkerdunk, Mr Winner and The Bill, has acted in several short films, as well as writing and producing the short film The Baby.
She also guest starred in the 2020 Red Dwarf special Red Dwarf: The Promised Land as Sister Peanut.
In May 2021 the BBC announced a pilot, Please Help, written by and starring Pearman, which aired in July 2021 on BBC Three. The show centres on Pearman's character, Milly, a full-time carer who gains superpowers.
In 2022, Pearman appeared in series 2 of The Mind of Herbert Clunkerdunk on BBC 2, reprising her role as Bobby Kindle.
Radio and podcast
In 2018 she appeared on BBC Radio 4 in series 4 of Tim Key's Late Night Poetry Programme.
She has appeared in the podcast series Funny from the Fringe, Secret Artists with Annie McGrath and Birthday Girls House Party.
Pearman's favourite comedy includes Camping, Brian Gittins and The Royle Family.
Live shows
2019 – Baggage
2018 – Fruit Loop
2017 – Maid of Cabbage
2016 – Crack in Progress
See also
Spencer Jones
Tim Key
Lou Sanders
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Planostocha clavigera is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1953
Archipini
The family Mormoopidae contains bats known generally as mustached bats, ghost-faced bats, and naked-backed bats. They are found in the Americas from the Southwestern United States to Southeastern Brazil.
They are distinguished by the presence of a leaf-like projection from their lips, instead of the nose-leaf found in many other bat species. In some species, the wing membranes join over the animal's back, making it appear hairless. The tail projects only a short distance beyond the membrane that stretches between the hind legs. They are brownish in colour, with short, dense fur. Their dental formula is:
Mormoopid bats roost in caves and tunnels in huge colonies that may include hundreds of thousands of members, producing enough guano to allow commercial mining. They do not hibernate as some other bats do since they live in the tropics. They feed on insects found close to, or on, bodies of water.
Classification
The family consists of two genera, containing around 13 species.
FAMILY MORMOOPIDAE
Genus Mormoops Leach, 1821
Mormoops blainvillii (Leach, 1821) – Antillean ghost-faced bat
Mormoops magna† (Silva-Taboada, 1974) – giant ghost-faced bat
Mormoops megalophylla (Peters, 1864) – ghost-faced bat
Genus Pteronotus Gray, 1838
Subgenus Chilonycteris Gray, 1839
Pteronotus macleayii (Gray, 1839) – Macleay's mustached bat
Pteronotus personatus (Wagner, 1843) – Wagner's mustached bat
Pteronotus quadridens (Gundlach, 1860) – sooty mustached bat
Subgenus Phyllodia Gray, 1843
Pteronotus paraguanensis (Linares & Ojasti, 1974) – Paraguana moustached bat
Pteronotus parnellii (Gray, 1843) – Parnell's mustached bat
Pteronotus pristinus† (Silva-Taboada, 1974) – pristine mustached bat
Subgenus Pteronotus Gray, 1838
Pteronotus davyi (Gray, 1838) – Davy's naked-backed bat
Pteronotus gymnonotus (Natterer, 1843) – big naked-backed bat
References
Bat families
Extant Pleistocene first appearances
Taxa named by Henri Louis Frédéric de Saussure
Otto Heinrich Fugger, Count of Kirchberg and Weissenhorn (12 January 1592 – 12 October 1644) was a German professional soldier in Imperial and Bavarian service during the Thirty Year's War. Born into the ennobled mercantile family Fugger, he chose a military career in which he became a Knight of the Golden Fleece and served as governor and military commander of Augsburg.
Family
He was the son of Christoph Fugger von Glött († 1615), the grandson of Hans Fugger († 1598) and the great grandson of Augsburg's very wealthy international businessman and banker Anton Fugger (1493–1560). The 16th century Fugger's, descendants of a German businessmen family tracked down to the 14th century, were the principal bankers of the Habsburg dynasty, especially of Emperor Charles V (1500–1558).
His childless first marriage was with Anna von Pappenheim (1584–1616) on 29 Oktober 1612. Two years after her death, he married a second time to Maria Elisabeth von Waldburg-Zeil on 10 September 1618. Together they had 18 children (10 sons and 8 daughters), including the imperial privy councillor Johann Otto Fugger (1631–1687) and the Reichshofrat and Bavarian Obersthofmeister Paul Fugger (1637–1701). His eldest son Bonaventura (1619–1693) inherited the title Count of Kirchberg and Weissenhorn and married Claudia von Mercy, the daughter of the Bavarian field marshal Franz von Mercy.
Life
Otto Heinrich studied at Ingolstadt and Perugia before starting a military career in 1617. Under Pedro de Toledo Osorio, the Spanish commander of Milan, he participated in the siege of Vercelli. At the outbreak of the Bohemian Revolt, Fugger recruited a regiment in Swabia as colonel. He fought under Count Bucquoy at the White Mountain, under Spinola at Breda and under Wallenstein in Lower Saxony. From 1629 to 1631, he accompanied the imperial troops supporting Spain in the War of the Mantuan Succession.
Changing into Bavarian service in the army of the Catholic League in 1631, he became Generalfeldwachtmeister and campaigned in Hesse against Landgrave William V of Hesse-Kassel from which he captured the Princely Abbey of Fulda. Count Tilly's defeat at Breitenfeld forced him to retreat from Hesse and to reinforce Tilly against the advance of the victorious Swedes. Promoted to Feldzeugmeister in 1632, he occupied Windsheim and Rothenburg ob der Tauber, and received an independent command in Swabia to defend Bavaria's western border. At the Battle of the Alte Veste, he supported Wallenstein with 6,000 men against the Swedes. The following year, Fugger fought in Alsace against Bernard of Saxe-Weimar under Tilly's successor, Johann von Aldringen.
For a short time, Fugger even became commander of the Catholic League forces after Aldringen's death at Landshut in June 1634. He participated in the sieges of Regensburg and Nördlingen but his command was given to Charles IV of Lorraine prior to the Battle of Nördlingen in September. Nevertheless, Fugger distinguished himself in the battle. For his service to the League and the Habsburgs, he was promoted to Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece by the King of Spain and elevated to Count of the Empire.
In 1635, he was appointed to governor of Augsburg, where his rule aroused much discontent because he replaced the Protestant municipal council by Catholic councillors and enforced severe contributions on the citizens. After a complaint of the protestant citizens reached Emperor Ferdinand II in 1636, Fugger was dismissed as governor but retained military command of the city. He died on 12 October 1644 in Augsburg where he was buried in the Basilica of St. Ulrich.
Family tree
References
Sources
1592 births
1644 deaths
Businesspeople from Nuremberg
Otto
Knights of the Golden Fleece
Counts of Germany
Military personnel of the Holy Roman Empire
Thierry Gerbier (21 September 1965 – 13 November 2013) was a French biathlete. He competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
1965 births
2013 deaths
French male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of France
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Chambéry
"I Don't Care (If Tomorrow Never Comes)" is a song written and originally recorded by Hank Williams. It was the B-side of the single release, "My Love for You (Has Turned to Hate)", on Sterling Records.
Background
"I Don't Care (If Tomorrow Never Comes)" was one of four Hank Williams songs recorded by singer Molly O'Day in 1946 and 1947 that appeared in Williams' self-published song folios in 1945 and 1946. The song, a lament about a lost love, was recorded at Williams' second and final Sterling recording session on February 13, 1947 with Tommy Jackson (fiddle), Dale "Smokey" Lohman (steel guitar), Zeke Turner (electric guitar), and Louis Innis (bass). As Colin Escott observes, Hank and producer Fred Rose were beginning to hone the sound that would make Hank a country superstar:
"The second Sterling session saw the birth of one of Hank's trademarks, the "crack" rhythm: an electric guitar keeping time on the deadened bass strings. Without drums in his lineup, Hank used the electric guitar to emphasize the pulse. It was the sound that Johnny Cash later made into a trademark, adding a little rhythmic flourish to make 'boom-chicka-boom.'"
Bonnie Owens recorded the song in 1969. In 1981, Hank Williams, Jr. released the song as a duet with George Jones on his album The Pressure Is On.
References
1947 songs
Songs written by Hank Williams
Hank Williams songs
Yiğitkonağı is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Mahmoud Solh (born Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese agricultural economist and genetic scientist who is currently Director General of the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas, ICARDA based in Beirut, Lebanon.
References
Lebanese economists
Scientists from Beirut
Food and Agriculture Organization officials
University of California, Davis alumni
Living people
Lebanese officials of the United Nations
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Princes Czartoryski Museum ( ) – often abbreviated to Czartoryski Museum – is a historic museum in Kraków, Poland, and one of the country's oldest museums. The initial collection was formed in 1796 in Puławy by Princess Izabela Czartoryska. The Museum officially opened in 1878.
The Puławy collection was partly destroyed after the November 1830 Uprising and the confiscation of the Czartoryski properties. Most of the Museum holdings, however, were saved and moved to Paris, where they reposed at the Hôtel Lambert. In 1870 Prince Władysław Czartoryski decided to move the collections to Kraków, where they arrived in 1876.
The most renowned painting at the Museum is one of Leonardo da Vinci's best-known works, the Lady with an Ermine. Other highlights include two works by Rembrandt; several antiquities, including sculptures; Renaissance tapestries and decorative arts; and paintings by Hans Holbein the Younger, Jacob Jordaens, Luca Giordano, Pieter Brueghel the Younger, Dieric Bouts, Joos van Cleve, Lorenzo Lotto, Lucas Cranach the Younger, Lorenzo Monaco, Andrea Mantegna, Alessandro Magnasco, and the Master of the Female Half-Lengths.
The Museum's main facility closed for restoration in 2010 and reopened in December 2019. During this time, parts of the collection were displayed at other venues.
Royal collections
Princess Izabela Czartoryska founded the museum in Puławy to preserve Polish heritage in keeping with her motto, "The Past to the Future." The first objects in her "Temple of Memory" of 1796 were trophies commemorating the victory against the Turks at the Battle of Vienna in 1683.
The Museum collections feature historical artifacts from the recovered treasures of the Wawel Cathedral, the Royal Castle and other objects donated by Polish noble families (szlachta). Izabela also bought the treasures of the Duke of Brabant, including his books which were considered a particular highlight of the collection. Influenced by the Romantic artistic movement, she also acquired objects of sentimental significance that represented the glory and misery of human life. Among these were Shakespeare's chair, fragments from the alleged graves of Romeo and Juliet in Verona, ashes of El Cid and Ximena from the Cathedral of Burgos, and relics of Abelard and Heloise, and Petrarch and his Laura. The library's book collection was later enhanced with Tadeusz Czacki's collection, which included archives of Stanisław August Poniatowski, last king of Poland.
In 1798 Izabela's son, Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski, traveled to Italy and acquired Lady with an Ermine by Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael's Portrait of a Young Man, and many Roman antiquities. However, Prince Adam Jerzy was always more a politician than an art-collector. After the failed November Uprising in 1830 he was exiled from Congress Poland, then ruled by Russian Empire. He established himself in Paris, and in 1843 bought The Hotel Lambert, which became both the center of operations for the exiled Czartoryski magnate, and the Living Museum of Poland. All the objects from the first museum were displayed in Paris. Books collection scattered and for decades its parts were stored out of Russian partition: in Kórnik, Sieniawa and in Paris.
Upon Prince Adam Jerzy's death, his younger son, Prince Władysław, took over the museum. A born collector, he and his sister, Princess Izabela Działyńska, expanded the collection to include: the Polonaise carpet, Etruscan and Greek vases, Roman and Egyptian antiquities, and other types of arms and armours, as well as Limoges enamels. At the 1865 Exposition des Arts Decoratifs in Paris, Władysław created a Polish room to exhibit the famous carpet and other parts of his collection.
Move to Kraków
In 1871, after the French defeat in the Franco-Prussian War, Prince Władysław packed or hid all of the artifacts and fled. In 1874, the city of Kraków offered him the arsenal in the Old Wall as a museum, which he called upon Viollet-le-Duc to renovate, who in turn delegated the project to his son-in-law Maurice Ouradou. In 1878, one hundred years after Princess Izabela set up her museum in Puławy, the new museum, as it is seen today, was opened. Prince Wladyslaw continued to add items to the collection for the next twenty years, until his death in 1894.
Władysław's son, Prince Adam Ludwik, then carried on the work of his father. In 1897 he took over the Sieniawa Ordynacja property from the Emperor Franz-Joseph. At that point his capital assets were estimated at 4.5 million Austrian Crowns, not including the Collections. In 1899, Adam Ludwik's aunt Izabela bequeathed the Gołuchów Estate, with all the collections that she had bought with her beloved brother Władysław, to her two nephews, and Prince Adam Ludwik cared for both Museums.
Dresden and back
He then travelled to Japan and acquired the vases and bronzes still displayed today at the Goluchow Castle. In 1914, he was called up to the Austrian Army and his wife Princess Maria Ludwika Krasinska took over the Museum, taking most of the important artifacts (52 paintings, 12 carpets, 35 folders of prints and drawings, and works by Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael, and Rembrandt) to Dresden because of her connections with the Royal Saxon Family. These works garnered great interest, with the collection being open to the public two days a week.
In 1918, after the war, Hans Posse, Director of the royal collections, was unwilling to return the collection. He was fearful of the unrest in Poland. However, after two years of negotiation, all objects were recovered and transferred to the Family Museum in Kraków in 1920. The signing of the 1921 Treaty of Riga provided for the return of all looted or confiscated objects during tsarism due to the Bolshevik revolution.
In 1931 a large number of important books, archives and objects that had been taken from Puławy by Russians in 1831 - immediately after the November Uprising - were also returned, though most of these were placed in various national depositories.
In 1937, after Prince Adam Ludwik's death, his son Prince Augustyn, took over as head of the family. He married Princess Dolores Victoria Maria de las Mercedes de Borbon y Orleans and spent most of his time in Poland. Then, in August 1939, Europe was thrown into turmoil with the events of World War II, and the museum was forced to prepare for war. Sixteen cases packed with the most precious objects were transported and stored in Sieniawa, while the rest of the collection was carried down to the cellars of the museum, where unfortunately the Germans found the cases and looted the tradable objects. Luckily, although the Leonardo and other pictures were roughly handled, they were not damaged.
Closure
On September 22, 1939, Prince Agustyn removed what remained of the treasures and took them to his cousin's property in Pełkinie. However, soon afterward the Gestapo found the cases and took them back to Kraków, though not to the museum. On January 25, 1940, the final selections of the 85 most important items from the Museum were sent to Dresden, where Dr. Posse, Hitler's plenipotentiary, decided that all objects were to be part of the Führer's own collection at Linz. From that moment the museum, whose curator was to die in a Nazi concentration camp, was closed to the public.
In 1945, Dr. Hans Frank, German governor of Poland and personal friend of Hitler, brought the paintings from Berlin for his own use at Wawel Castle. But when the Germans evacuated Kraków in January 1945, he took the paintings with him to Silesia and then to his own villa in Neuhaus. The Americans arrested Dr. Frank on May 4, and the Polish representative at the Allies Commission for the Retrieval of Works of Art claimed the stolen paintings on behalf of the Czartoryski Museum. However, the Raphael and 843 other artifacts were missing from the collection. The whereabouts of these works, remain unknown to this day.
After World War II
After World War II, the Museum was reopened and operated by Poland's communist government. Amid the country's desperate economic situation, the Museum survived thanks largely to the work of Professor Marek Rostworoski, who dedicated his life to the collections. In 1991 the High Court of the Nation returned the Museum to its rightful owner, Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski, along with the library housed nearby; from 1961 the library had been located in a building at ulica świętego Marka (St. Mark's Street). In 1971 the Czartoryski Library was recognized as National Library.
The Library's collections include many extremely important European historical documents: a total of 224,576, including 70,009 books published before 1800, 13,552 manuscripts, and 333 incunabula. The Library comprises a "Prints and Cartography Division" and a "Manuscripts and Archives Division". The President of the Institution is Jolanta Lenkiewicz. The Library's books may be consulted only on the premises.
The Museum was administered from 1991 through 2016 by the Princes Czartoryski Foundation, set up for that purpose in 1991 by Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski. It welcomed more than 12,000 visitors a year and has organized exhibitions in the United States (Washington, D.C.), Italy (Rome, Milan, Florence), the United States (Milwaukee, Huston, San Francisco), Sweden (Malmö, Stockholm), Turkey (Istanbul), Japan (Kyoto, Nagoya, Yokohama), Spain (Royal Palace, Madrid), and the United Kingdom (National Gallery, London). In autumn 2002, the Lady with an Ermine was featured at the Milwaukee Art Museum's tribute to the Splendor of Poland; in 2003 the portrait and other collection items went on to Houston and San Francisco.
In 2010 the Museum closed for repairs and modernization. Parts of the collection were temporarily displayed in other venues. 350 selected items were shown in the Arsenal building, while the Lady with an Ermine was displayed in the Kraków National Museum.
In 2016 the collections and Museum building were donated by Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski to the Polish Nation on his behalf and that of his direct ancestors of the Czartoryski Main Branch State Treasury. The Princes Czartoryski Foundation received from the Polish Nation (the Ministry of Culture) $105 million, constituting less than 5% of the 3 billion euros estimated market value of the collections. The agreement also transferred to the Polish State the rights to any future claims to works of art that had been plundered from the collections.
The restored museum reopened on December 19, 2019.
The donation of the Czartoryski Museum to the Polish Nation has been challenged by Prince Adam Karol's daughter Tamara, leading in 2018 to intrafamilial litigation between Adam Karol and his daughter.
See also
Culture of Kraków
National Museum, Kraków
EUROPEUM - European Culture Centre
Mold of the Earth
Royal Casket
Poland - The Year 1863
References
External links
Museums established in 1796
Museums in Kraków
Czartoryski family
Art museums and galleries in Poland
Biographical museums in Poland
1796 establishments in Poland
History museums in Poland
National museums of Poland
Former private collections
Polish nationalism (1795–1918)
Amphibalanus eburneus, the ivory barnacle or American acorn barnacle, is a species of acorn barnacle in the family Balanidae. It occurs on the east coast of North America, the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
Description
The ivory barnacle is a medium-sized, cone-shaped sessile barnacle with a white test composed of fused plates. It has a diamond-shaped operculum protected by a hinged lid formed from two triangular halves each consisting of two plates, a tergum and a scutum. It can grow to a height of but most individuals are much smaller. This barnacle can be confused with the white bay barnacle (Balanus improvisus) but that species is smaller, only growing to a height of . Another similar species is the striped barnacle (Balanus amphitrite) but that has vertical pink lines on the test.
Distribution and habitat
The native range of the ivory barnacle extends from Nova Scotia to the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico but it has extended this range as a result of fouling the bottoms of ships and because its larvae are sometimes transported in ballast water. It was first seen in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii in 1929 and is now common in all the main islands. It is found, sometimes in great numbers, from low tide mark to depths of attached to hard surfaces including rocks, mollusc shells, pilings, jetties and other man-made structures, ships' hulls and the roots of the red mangrove (Rhizophora mangle).
Reproduction
Ivory barnacles tend to aggregate with others and form dense populations. Each one is a hermaphrodite but cross fertilisation takes place when an individual protrudes its long penis and inserts it into the operculum of an adjoining individual where eggs have already developed. Sperm is deposited there, and the fertilised eggs are brooded in the mantle cavity. On hatching, the larvae are expelled into the water column and become planktonic. They pass through six naupliar stages and one cyprid stage over the course of one to two weeks. The nauplii feed on phytoplankton but the cyprid larvae do not feed. They search out sites for settlement, possibly following chemical cues from already established adults or testing the substrate for suitability. Once settled, they cement themselves by their heads to the surface and undergo metamorphosis into juvenile barnacles.
References
External links
Barnacles
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1841
Taxa named by Augustus Addison Gould
The lesser woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus fuscus) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). It is found in eastern Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
External links
Lesser woodcreeper photo gallery VIREO
lesser woodcreeper
Birds of Brazil
lesser woodcreeper
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gromadzyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Bridge in Porter Township is a historic lenticular truss bridge spanning Pine Creek at Porter Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889, and is a single-span bridge that measures long and wide.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
References
External links
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Bridges completed in 1889
Bridges in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Lenticular truss bridges in the United States
Yağmuroğlu, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
The Ravenscraig steelworks, operated by Colvilles and from 1967 by British Steel Corporation, consisted of an integrated iron and steel works and a hot strip steel mill. They were located in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Motherwell was noted as the steel production capital of Scotland, nicknamed Steelopolis. Its skyline was dominated by the gas holder and three cooling towers of the Ravenscraig steel plant which closed in 1992. The Ravenscraig plant had one of the longest continuous casting, hot rolling, steel production facilities in the world before it was decommissioned. Construction of the integrated iron and steel works started in 1954. The steel mill, which was built shortly after, was one of four in the United Kingdom. In 1992, when it closed down, it was the largest hot strip steel mill in Western Europe.
The former steelworks and strip mill have now been cleared, and the site is in the process of becoming the new town of Ravenscraig.
History
Strip mill
On 15 February 1951, as a result of the Iron and Steel Act 1949, the nationalised Scottish iron and steel companies came under the ownership of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain. However, a change of government and the passing of the Iron and Steel Act 1953, gradually returned the former nationalised iron and steel companies to their original owners. This was to be achieved via the Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency, which was charged with creating an efficient industry. Stewarts & Lloyds was returned to its former owners in 1954; and Colvilles in 1955. Shortages of strip steel led to the need to increase the capacity for producing strip steel and tin plate, the first strip mill in Great Britain having been opened at Ebbw Vale in the late 1930s.
A major expansion of Colvilles, the largest steel manufacturer in the United Kingdom before World War II, was approved in July 1954 by the Iron and Steel Board.
The iron and steel works
It was first considered that a fourth blast furnace at Clyde Iron Works (at Tollcross, east of Glasgow) was to be built, but a shortage of coking coal in Scotland meant that concentrating iron production at Clyde Iron would stop the other Colvilles works in Motherwell from being converted to hot metal working. The new location was found and surveyed in 1953.
In 1954 construction work started in Ravenscraig, turning a green field into a site for steelworks. By 1957 several coke ovens, a by-products plant, a blast furnace and an open hearth melting shop with three steelmaking furnaces were built, and by 1959 a stripmill was complete.
Transport links
In 1954, as part of the development of Ravenscraig steelworks, Colvilles and British Railways began installing new wharfage and facilities at General Terminus Quay on the River Clyde at Kingston, near the centre of Glasgow. These facilities were designed to allow the simultaneously unloading of two large ships carrying bulk iron ore. The ships were designed to carry 12,000 tons (12,200 tonnes) of iron ore. Iron ore was to be transported, in railway wagons, via the General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway, from the General Terminus Quay to Motherwell and Ravenscraig.
In 1954, Scotland imported 1,436,000 tons (1,460,000 tonnes) of iron ore, mainly from Sweden, North Africa, and Newfoundland. In March 1949, forward plans by Colvilles, to justify the construction of Ravenscraig, indicated that the General Terminus Quay ore-handling facility would be handling two million tons of basic iron ore per year: 1,020,000 tons per year for the Clyde Iron Works and 980,000 tons for Ravenscraig steelworks.
In the late 1970s, the General Terminus Quay was replaced by the purpose-built deep-water Hunterston Ore Terminal, near West Kilbride, which became operational in 1978. It was designed to accept bulk ore carriers of up to 350,000 tonnes capacity. In the early 1980s the ore-handling equipment was demolished at General Terminus Quay (by the 2000s it had been removed entirely and replaced by apartments and a cinema complex.
Closure
The closure of Ravenscraig in 1992 signalled the end of large-scale steel making in Scotland. It led to a direct loss of 770 jobs, and another 10,000 jobs linked to these (although the nearby steel plants at Dalzell in Motherwell and Clydebridge in Cambuslang were in 2012 still in operation under the ownership of Tata Steel Europe, with both acquired by Liberty House Group in 2017).
Demolition of the site's landmark blue gasometer in 1996 and the subsequent cleanup operation have created the largest brownfield site in Europe. This huge area between Motherwell and Wishaw is in line to be transformed into the new town of Ravenscraig, a project partly funded by the successor company to British Steel, Tata Steel Europe.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Carr, J.C. and Taplin, W. (1962). History of the British Steel Industry. Oxford: Basil Blackwell.
Cunnison, J. and Gilfillan, J. B. S. (Editors) (1958). The City of Glasgow (The Third Statistical Account of Scotland, Volume V,). Glasgow: William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd.
Payne, Peter L. (1979). Colvilles and the Scottish Steel Industry. Oxford: Oxford University Press. .
Thomson, George (Editor) (1960). The County of Lanark (The Third Statistical Account of Scotland, Volume VIII). Glasgow: William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd.
Warren, Kenneth (1970). The British Iron & Steel Sheet Industry since 1840. An Economic Geography. London: G. Bell & Sons, Ltd. .
External links
Steeling Back Memories (Ravenscraig) at Culture NL''
Ravenscraig Steelworks (images and descriptions) at Canmore
Ironworks and steelworks in Scotland
Rolling mills
Demolished buildings and structures in Scotland
1992 disestablishments in Scotland
Buildings and structures demolished in 1996
History of North Lanarkshire
Buildings and structures in North Lanarkshire
Buildings and structures in Motherwell
1954 establishments in Scotland
Buildings and structures completed in 1959
Industry in Scotland
Economy of North Lanarkshire
Pacov (; ) is a town in Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 4,600 inhabitants. The historic town centre is well preserved and is protected by law as an urban monument zone.
Administrative parts
Villages of Bedřichov, Jetřichovec, Roučkovice, Velká Rovná and Zhoř are administrative parts of Pacov.
Geography
Pacov is located about west of Pelhřimov. It lies directly on the 15th meridian east. The town lies in the Křemešnice Highlands. The area is rich on small ponds.
History
The first written mention of Pacov is from 1316. The settlement was probably founded in the late 13th century.
Pacov flourished in the 15th and 16th centuries. During this period, it obtained the town rights. The development ended with the Battle of White Mountain and Thirty Years' War. The second period of prosperity occurred in the 19th century. The foundations were laid for the current industry: food machinery industry and leather accessories manufacture. In 1888, the railway was built, which helped further expansion.
Demographics
Sport
Since 1906, there is a historical motorcycle racecourse in Pacov. The first international race in Austria-Hungary (and the third world-wide) took place here. The Pacov Circuit is still being used to this day.
Sights
Pacov has preserved historic centre with several valuable houses, including the former town hall from 1921–1923.
Pacov Château was originally a Gothic castle from the 12th century, rebuilt into a château in the 16th century. In 1718, it was rebuilt into a monastery. After the monastery was abolished by the reform of Joseph II in 1787, it was rebuilt to a château again. Today it houses the municipal office, tourist information centre, library and Antonín Sova Town Museum. The château complex includes a castle park with three ponds.
The deanery Church of Saint Michael the Archangel is a Gothic church from the late 14th century. Despite several reconstructions and repairs, its appearance has been roughly preserved. The Church of Saint Wenceslaus is a Baroque building from 1719, originally built as the monastery church. After it was damaged by fire in 1727, it was reconstructed in 1732. Nowadays it serves as a gallery.
The Jewish community is reminded by the Jewish cemetery and former synagogue. The cemetery was founded in 1680 and the oldest tombs are from the 18th century. The synagogue building is privately owned and closed to the public.
Notable people
Antonín Sova (1864–1928), poet
Jan Autengruber (1887–1920), painter
Jiří Němec (born 1966), footballer
Twin towns – sister cities
Pacov is twinned with:
Arni, Switzerland
See also
Patzau, Wisconsin, named after Pacov
References
External links
Stražiště Microregion
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Pelhřimov District
Q Radio is a network of radio stations in Northern Ireland airing an adult contemporary format. The network is the fifth most listened to radio station in Northern Ireland, with a combined figure of over 194,000 listeners.
Network
Q Radio covers seven licence areas:
Belfast - 96.7 & 102.5 FM and DAB
North West - 102.9 FM
North Coast - 97.2 & 97.6 FM
Mid Antrim - 107.0 & 107.6 FM
Mid Ulster - 106.0, 106.3 & 107.2 FM
Newry & Mourne - 100.5 FM & 101.1 FM
Tyrone & Fermanagh - 101.2 & 102.1 FM
The various stations in the network previously had local opt-outs from the network schedule, including the Q Cafe on weekdays between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. There are currently no opt-outs on the schedule with all stations taking the network at all times, except for local news, traffic and advertising.
History
The first use of the Q brand in Northern Ireland came with the launch of Q97.2 from Coleraine, County Londonderry, on 26 January 2000. Additional stations were opened in Derry (Q102.9) and Omagh, County Tyrone (Q101.2).
Further stations that would later become part of Q Radio launched in the mid-2000s. Seven FM launched on 1 November 2005 from its base in Ballymena., while Five FM won a licence to broadcast to Newry and Mourne on 100.5 MHz in 2006, signing on 12 December. That same year, River Media bought Mid 106 FM in Cookstown from CN Group and rebranded it as Six FM. In 2011, Five FM, Six FM and Seven FM were rebranded as Q Radio stations.
In 2015, Q Radio acquired CityBeat in Belfast from CN Group, marking its entry into that market. The station was then rebranded as Q Radio Belfast.
In 2017, "QHQ", the network's main studios, were opened in Belfast's Fountain Centre. A series of licence extensions in 2018 brought Q Radio additional coverage in Northern Ireland, including transmitters covering Larne, Newcastle, Draperstown, Enniskillen and Ballycastle.
Presenters/former presenters
Stephen Clements
Gareth Stewart
Gareth Woods
Ryan A
Steve Turnbull
Jordan Humphries
Yazz
Cate Conway
Owen Larkin
Mark Lima
Carl Kinsman
Eoghan Quigg
Sean Hegarty
Declan Wilson
Ibe Sesay
Connor Brennan
Victoria Quinn
Sean Mckeown
Errol Doherty
Olga Kaye
References
External links
Mass media in Belfast
Radio stations in Northern Ireland
M.I.A. is an American 1980s punk rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. The band's sound is generally hardcore and thrasher, though they produced more melodic and progressive sounds in their later albums. AllMusic called the band "one of the 50 best So-Cal punk bands of the great early-'80s second wave explosion."
History
The band had its origins in Las Vegas, Nevada, where in 1980 singer Todd Sampson, bassist Mike Conley, and drummer Chris Moon were in a band called The Swell. Guitarist Nick Adams joined and the band changed their name to M.I.A. and played one show on December 31, 1980, New Year's Eve. Adams left the band two weeks later and moved to San Diego, Calif.; later that spring Moon and Conley moved to Orange County. In June 1981 Adams moved to Orange County and the three decided to re-form the band with Conley moving to vocals and bringing in another Las Vegas friend, Paul Schwartz, to play bass.
During the remainder of 1981 the band played parties and shows, including several at the Cuckoo's Nest in Costa Mesa and the Cathay de Grande in Hollywood. They recorded a nine-song demo on 8 tracks at JEL Studios in Newport Beach consisting of songs from their Las Vegas period plus several new songs written in Orange County. They met artist Greg Link, who agreed to be their manager. Link booked a mini-tour through Nevada and Northern California that took them to Reno, where they played a show with The Wrecks and 7 Seconds. They left a demo tape with Kevin Seconds, who later passed a copy to Tim Yohannan from the San Francisco-based fanzine Maximum Rock n Roll. Yohannan decided to include the song "New Left" on the Maximum Rock and Roll compilation Not So Quiet on the Western Front on the Alternative Tentacles label. Yohannan passed the tape to Greg Shaw at Bomp! Records, who included the song "Tell Me Why" on the punk compilation American Youth Report. Shaw passed the tape to Felix Alanis at Smoke Seven records who decided to release the entire demo (excepting "New Left," which Maximum Rock n Roll wanted exclusively) on the split LP Last Rites for Genocide and M.I.A. in 1982.
As their music was released, the band had to be put on hiatus as Conley had to return to Las Vegas for personal reasons. When Conley returned in 1983 the band picked up where they left off, playing shows and setting out to record another demo. At this time drummer Larry Pearson was recruited by Conley to replace Moon. In 1984 they made a deal with the cult Alternative Tentacles label, after the label's founder, Dead Kennedys frontman Jello Biafra, saw them play at a secret illegal punk nightclub in Las Vegas. Biafra was impressed by Mike Conley's distinctive voice, saying "The minute you hear a song with him singing you know it's him." The band paid for the recording (this time on 16 tracks at JEL Studios), mastering and pressing of Murder in a Foreign Place and Alternative Tentacles would distribute the album on their label. Murder in a Foreign Place was released in June 1984 and supported by a three-month summer tour of the United States and Canada.
In early 1985 the band recorded three songs at Evan Williams Studios produced by Chris Maneckie of the band Abecedarians. Conley was unhappy with the sound, so this demo was not released at this time, but did appear later on the Lost Boys retrospective. When Social Distortion had to cancel a tour of the East Coast, the dates were offered to M.I.A. and they undertook the tour in March 1985. On return the band recorded new material with producer Thom Wilson, which was released summer 1985 as Notes From the Underground on National Trust Records. The tour and recording had taken a toll on the band and it broke up with Adams and Schwartz leaving. In 1986 Conley brought back Moon on drums and added bassist Frank Daly and guitarist Mark Arnold. The band released After the Fact on Flipside Records in 1987. The band split up in 1988.
In 2001, Alternative Tentacles released Lost Boys, a 37-song retrospective of the band's work, including Last Rites, Murder in a Foreign Place, and several additional tracks.<ref>[ Review of Lost Boys], Jack Rabid, AllMusic, retrieved 2008-01-16.</ref>
Death of Mike Conley
On February 28, 2008 vocalist Mike Conley was found dead in a Chicago hotel parking lot. Conley was taken to Gottlieb Memorial Hospital in Melrose Park, where he was pronounced dead.
On April 27, 2008, there was a secret warm-up show at The Detroit Bar, in Costa Mesa California, featuring original vocalist Todd Sampson (ex-Self Abuse and Samson's Army) on vocals, Jello Biafra of Dead Kennedys on guest vocals, Chris Moon and Larry Pearson on drums, Nick Adams on guitar, and Bob Thomson on bass. On April 28, 2008, the "Beautiful Noise" benefit show took place at the Anaheim House of Blues with Jigsaw, Naked Soul, Cadillac Tramps, Social Distortion and M.I.A. with the same lineup as the previous night, but adding Kevin Seconds of 7 Seconds on guest vocals. The proceeds of "Beautiful Noise" went to Conley's family.
Todd Sampson died in Las Vegas, following a concert on July 25, 2010.
Reunion-present
The original remaining members of M.I.A. reformed for the 2nd Annual Las Vegas Hardcore reunion (L.V.HC.), on November 8, 2014 at the Backstage Bar & Billiards, Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. Nick Adams assumed vocals as well as guitar duties, with Paul Schwartz on bass and backing vocals and Chris Moon on drums and backing vocals.
Discography
Last Rites for Genocide / MIA (split LP, 1982, BOMP/Invasion Records)
Murder in a Foreign Place (LP, 1984, Alternative Tentacles)
Notes From the Underground (LP, 1985, National Trust Records)
After the Fact (LP, 1987, Flipside Records)
Lost Boys (CD, 2001, Alternative Tentacles)
Compilation appearances
Maximum Rock N Roll's Not So Quiet on the Western Front (1982)
Includes "New Left"
American Youth Report (1982)
Includes "Tell Me Why"
"Half Skull" 7" EP (1984)
Includes "Turning Into What You Hate"
Flipside Vinyl Fanzine Vol. 2 (1985)
Includes "Just A Dream"
Buried Alive: Smoke 7 Records 81-83 (1995)
Includes "Tell Me Why"
O.C.'s 5400 Day Revolution (1999)
Includes "Boredom is the Reason"
Buried Alive: The Best from Smoke 7 Records, Vol. 2'' (2000)
Includes "Fucking Zones – I Can't Take It No More" and "I Hate Hippies"
References
External links
Official band web page
Alternative Tentacles band page
Mike Conley Memorial Fund
Musical groups from California
American punk rock groups
Alternative Tentacles artists
The Italia Wave Love Festival is an annual music festival held in Italy. The first edition in 2007 was held from the 17th to the 22nd of July in Florence and Sesto Fiorentino, and the 2008, 2009 and 2010 editions in Livorno. In 2011 it is set to be held in Lecce.
It mainly presents rock music, although as in recent years it will also feature important artists of other styles. Continuing the tradition of Arezzo Wave, entry to the festival will be free, although after 21:00 hours a €10 ticket will be required. The festival will continue to host both upcoming bands and internationally famous ones, and a large number of non-musical cultural events.
Stages
Main Stage – all nights from 18 to 22 July – Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Global Stage - all nights from 18 to 22 July – Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Psycho Stage by Night - all nights from 18 to 22 July – Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Psycho Stage by Day - all afternoons from 18 to 22 July – Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Elettrowave Theatre – 20 and 21 July starting at 23:00, Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Elettrowave Club - 20 and 21 July starting at 23:00, Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Elettrowave Square - 20 and 21 July starting at 23:00, Osmannoro Sud Area - Sesto Fiorentino (FI)
Toscana Wave – from 14 to 17 July, Lecce
Lineup
Scissor Sisters, Mika, The Good, the Bad & the Queen, Kaiser Chiefs, !!! (chk chk chk), Mando Diao, Nitin Sawhney, Tinariwen, Chico Cesar, Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, CSS, Gocoo, Bob Geldof, Jimi Tenor, Carmen Consoli, Bugo, Vinicio Capossela, Avion Travel, Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio, Casino Royale, Pass the Mic, Bob Geldof, Associazione Axè, Blatta & Inesha, Âme, Cassius, Alex Gopher, King Britt, Editors, Groove Armada, Faithless, OK Go.
Cultwave
All non-musical events are included under the CultWave title, among which are:
Word Stage – an area dedicated to the written word;
Speak Corner – a festival area zone where authors may promote their works or publications;
Comics Wave – an area dealing with comics, this year special attention is given to the 25th anniversary of renowned Italian comics character Martin Mystère;
Teatro Wave – theatre area, promoting young theatrical groups;
Art Wave – art installations distributed across the many festival areas;
Media Center - internet point, web 2.0, blogging, etc.;
Wave Camp – a barcamp dealing with creator's rights, creative commons, peer to peer file sharing and online musical promotion, among other things;
Social Wave – an area for social service associations;
Second Wave – a contest organized on Second Life.
External links
Official Website
Rock festivals in Italy
2007 establishments in Italy
Music festivals established in 2007
N'Golodiana is a commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The principal town lies at Toutiala. In 1998 the commune had a population of 4435.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Burritos, Inspiration Point, Fork Balloon Sports, Cards in the Spokes, Automatic Biographies, Kites, Kung Fu, Trophies, Banana Peels We've Slipped On and eggshells We've Tippy Toed Over is Cap'n Jazz's only full-length studio album, released in 1995 on Man With Gun Records. It is also referred to as the Shmap'n Shmazz LP. For a long period of time, the record in its original form was completely out of print—only recently has it been reissued on Polyvinyl Records on cassette tape and digitally. There was also a reissue of the vinyl LP licensed by Tiny Superhero records in the UK.
The twelve tracks found on this album are also found on Analphabetapolothology – a double CD containing all Cap'n Jazz's recorded material – released in 1998 by Jade Tree Records.
Reception
NME listed the album as one of "20 Emo Albums That Have Resolutely Stood The Test of Time". In Rolling Stones list of the 40 greatest emo albums of all time, the album came in 7th, with Suzy Exposito writing that the album was "a significant blueprint for dozens of emo and post-hardcore acts to follow." "Little League" appeared on a best-of emo songs list by Vulture.
Track listing
All tracks written by Cap'n Jazz, except where noted.
"Little League" – 3:57
"Oh Messy Life" – 2:03
"Puddle Splashers" – 2:07
"Flashpoint: Catheter" – 3:21
"In the Clear" – 1:57
"Yes, I Am Talking to You" (Cap'n Jazz, Bob Nanna) – 2:32
"Basil's Kite" – 2:36
"Bluegrassish" – 1:08
"Planet Shhh" – 2:59
"The Sands Have Turned Purple" – 2:45
"Precious" (Ryan Rapsys) – 2:39
"¡Qué suerte!" (Kevin J. Frank) – 3:04
Personnel
Cap'n Jazz
Tim Kinsella – lead vocals
Davey von Bohlen – guitars, backing vocals
Victor Villareal – guitars
Sam Zurick – bass
Mike Kinsella – drums
Additional personnel
Anja Westerweck – backing vocals (on track 1)
Casey Rice – tambourine (on tracks 1, 3), recording, mixing
Kevin J. Frank – piano (on track 8)
References
Cap'n Jazz albums
1995 debut albums
Emo albums by American artists
Art punk albums
Post-hardcore albums by American artists
Pioneers of Science () () is a book by Cemal Yıldırım which has run to 22 editions. The book explains the scientific method with anecdotes from significant figures in scientific history such as Albert Einstein, Niels Bohr and Marie Curie.
References
Science books
Turkish books
Luo Heng may refer to:
Luo Heng (politician) (羅衡), Chinese politician
Luo Heng (footballer) (罗恒), Chinese footballer
Luo Yin (罗橫), Chinese poet born Luo Heng
A synovial sheath is one of the two membranes of a tendon sheath which covers a tendon. The other membrane is the outer fibrous tendon sheath. The tendon invaginates the synovial sheath from one side so that the tendon is suspended from the membrane by the mesotendon, through which the blood vessels reach the tendon, in places where the range of movement is extensive. The mesotendon disappears or remains in the form of narrow tendinous bands as threads known as vincula tendina.
The synovial sheath is found where the tendon passes under ligaments and through osseofibrous tunnels; their function is to reduce friction between the tendon and their surrounding structure.
An example is the common synovial sheath for the flexor tendons of the hand.
See also
Synovial membrane
References
Upper limb anatomy
The Kaunghmudaw Pagoda ( ; Yaza Mani Sula Kaunghmudaw (); ) is a large pagoda on the northwestern outskirts of Sagaing in central Myanmar (Burma). Modeled after the Ruwanwelisaya pagoda of Sri Lanka, the Kaunghmudaw is known for its egg-shaped design, which stands out among more traditional-style, pyramid-shaped Burmese pagodas. The stupa's formal name Yaza Mani Sula signifies the enshrinement of Buddhist relics inside its relic chamber. But it is commonly known by its popular name, Kaunghmudaw (). It is an important pilgrimage and tourist destination in the Sagaing area.
Construction
Construction began during the reign of King Thalun on 25 April 1636 (Friday, 8th waning of Kason 998 ME). The pagoda's relic chamber was dedicated on 23 July 1636 (Wednesday, 7th waning of 2nd Waso 998). The pagoda was completed 12 years later on 12 May 1648 (Tuesday, 6th waning of Kason 1010) towards the end of Thalun's reign.
Architecture
The pagoda is high and has a circumference of . The hti (umbrella or crowning) of the pagoda is high and weighs (3440 viss). The pagoda differs from the traditional Burmese-style pyramidal structures by having an arched image chamber in the center of its base. The chamber houses a massive seated -high Buddha statue, carved out of solid white marble. The head of the Buddha statue alone is about in diameter. It is believed that the dome was built later around the massive statue.
The lowest terrace of the pagoda is decorated with 120 nats and devas. It is ringed by 802 stone lanterns, carved with inscriptions of Buddha's life in three languages: Burmese, Mon and Shan, representing the three main regions of Restored Toungoo Kingdom.
The pagoda dome has been continuously painted white to signify purity, in Ceylonese tradition.
According to local lore, the relic chamber of the pagoda contains the lower left tooth relic of the Buddha, 11 hair relics, an alms bowl, statues, pagodas and other relics.
Controversy
The military government of Burma has initiated a project to paint the dome with gold paint, which has drawn criticism from some locals and other Burmese.
See also
Sagaing
Mingun Pahtodawgyi
Hsinphyumae Pagoda
Notes
References
External links
The Kaunghmudaw Pagoda Festival
Sagaing Division: Yaza Manisula Kaunghmudaw Pagoda
Buildings and structures in Sagaing Region
Tourist attractions in Myanmar
Buddhist temples in Myanmar
17th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1648
Will Hopkins (birth unknown – death unknown) was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s. He played at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Aberdare, as a , i.e. number 7.
International honours
Hopkins won a cap for Wales while at Aberdare in the 7-31 defeat by England at Wheater's Field, Salford on Monday 28 December 1908.
References
Aberdare RLFC players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Rugby league halfbacks
Wales national rugby league team players
Welsh rugby league players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Bibikov () is a name of the influential Russian noble family.
Notable members
Aleksandr Bibikov (1729–1774), Russian statesman and military officer
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Bibikov (1765-1822), Russian diplomat and military officer
Nikolai Bibikov (1842–1923), Russian general; President of Warsaw from 1892 to 1906
Russian-language surnames
Stephanie Dinkins (born 1964) is a transdisciplinary American artist based in Brooklyn, New York. She is known for creating art about artificial intelligence (AI) as it intersects race, gender, and history.
Her aim is to "create a unique culturally attuned AI entity in collaboration with coders, engineers and in close consultation with local communities of color that reflects and is empowered to work toward the goals of its community."
Dinkins is best known for her projects, Conversations with Bina48, a series of conversations between Dinkins and the first social, artificially intelligent humanoid robot BINA48 who looks like a black woman and Not the Only One, a multigenerational artificially intelligent memoir trained off of three generations of Dinkins's family.
Early life and education
Dinkins was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey to Black American parents who raised her in Staten Island, New York. She credits her grandmother with teaching her how to think about art as a social practice, saying "my grandmother . . . was a gardener and the garden was her art . . . that was a community practice."
Dinkins attended the International Center of Photography School in 1995, where she completed the general studies in photography certificate program. Dinkins received a MFA in photography from the Maryland Institute College of Art in 1997 She completed the Independent Study Program at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1998.
Career
Dinkins is an associate professor in the art department at Stony Brook University.
Activism
Dinkins advocates for co-creation within a social practice art framework, so that vulnerable communities understand how to use technology to their advantage, instead of being subjected to their use. This is exemplified in her works such as Project al-Khwarzmi, a series of workshops entitled PAK POP-UP at the nonprofit community center Recess in Brooklyn, NY. The workshops involved collaborating with youth in the criminal justice system and uplifting the voices of vulnerable communities in determining how technologies are created and utilized. Dinkins warns of the dangers to members of minority groups that are absent from the creation of the computer algorithms that now affect their lives.
Art
Dinkins's practice employs technologies including, but not limited to, new media such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. Dinkins uses oral history techniques of interviewing to craft community-authored narratives and databases which inform the subjects of her work and serve as acts of social intervention or protest.
Conversations with Bina48 (2014-present)
Conversations with Bina48 is a series of recorded conversations with BINA48, a social robot that resembles a middle-aged black woman. Dinkins mirrors Bina48 while they discuss identity and technological singularity.
In 2010, Hanson Robotics, an engineering and robotics company known for its development of humanoid robots, developed and released BINA48. Bina48 is a robot modeled after the memories, beliefs, attitudes, commentary and mannerisms of Bina Aspen Rothblatt, the spousal partner of Martine Rothblatt. Both Bina and Martine Rothblatt own Bina48 under their organization, the Terasem Movement Foundation.
Five years after Bina48 was released, Dinkins came across a YouTube video of Bina48. She asked, "how did a black woman become the most advanced of the technologies at the time?" Her questioning led her to travel to Lincoln, Vermont (the site of the Terasem Movement Foundation) where she conducted a series of interviews with Bina48 and engaged the robot in conversations pertaining to race, intimacy and the nature of being.
The conversations suggest opportunities for complementing human existence with artificially intelligent agents that have an identity and history, but also show artificial intelligence's current limitations. Although it is based on a black woman, Dinkins found that Bina48 was shaped by the biases of its white, male creators.
Project al Kwarizmi (PAK) (2017-present)
Project al Kwarizmi (PAK) was a series of pop up workshops in Brooklyn, NY at Eyebeam and Recess; Manhattan, New York at Google; and Durham, North Carolina at Duke University. The workshops were centered for "communities of color that use art as a vehicle to help citizens understand how algorithms, the artificially intelligent systems they underpin, and big data impact their lives and empowers them to do something about it. Project al-Khwarizmi uses art and aesthetics as the common language to help citizens understand what algorithms and artificial intelligent systems are, and where these systems already impact our daily lives."
Not the Only One (N'TOO) (2018-present)
Not the only one (N'TOO) is a voice-interactive chatbot that was trained with data from members of her family to tell a multi-generational story. Dinkins described Not The Only One (NTOO or N'TOO) as an "experimental" multigenerational memoir of one Black American family told from the "mind" of artificial intelligence of evolving intellect. N'TOO uses a recursive neural network, a deep learning algorithm. It is a voice-interactive AI robot designed, trained, and aligned with the needs and ideals of black and brown people who are drastically underrepresented in the tech sector. NTOO can also be described as a "physically embodied artificially intelligent agent that senses and acts on its world."
Exhibitions
Dinkins's work is exhibited internationally at various public, private, community, and institutional venues, including the Whitney Museum of American Art, the de Young Museum, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Studio Museum in Harlem;, Museum of Contemporary Photography, the Long Island Museum of American Art, History, and Carriages, the International Center of Photography in New York, Herning Kunstmuseum in Herning, Denmark, The Barbican in London, UK, Islip Art Museum, Wave Hill, Taller Boricua, the Queens Museum, and the corner of Putnam and Malcolm X Blvd in Bedford Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York. She has presented her work in symposia at the Museum of Modern Art, amongst other venues.
Awards and recognition
Dinkins is the recipient of many awards, including: a Berggruen Institute artist fellowship; a Sundance New Frontiers Story Lab fellowship; a Soros Equality Fellowship; a Lucas Artists fellowship; a Creative Capital grant; a Bell Labs artist residency; a Blade of Grass fellowship; and a Data & Society fellowship. She is a 2019 Creative Capital awardee.
Media coverage
Dinkins appeared in episode six of the HBO television series Random Acts of Flyness directed by Terence Nance, where she described her conversations with BINA48.
References
Further reading
External links
Stephanie Dinkins website
Artist bio by MoMA R&D
Artist profile by AI Artists
Stony Brook University faculty page
Artists from Brooklyn
Artificial intelligence art
Artificial intelligence researchers
African-American women artists
People from Perth Amboy, New Jersey
Artists from New Jersey
Living people
Maryland Institute College of Art alumni
People from Staten Island
Stony Brook University faculty
21st-century American women artists
1964 births
American women academics
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American artists
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Kwa Vonza is a highly populated market town in Kitui County, Kenya to the west of Kitui town, along Kitui - Machakos road.
It houses the main campus of South Eastern Kenya University and a campus of Kenyatta University (Kitui Campus).
History
Kwa Vonza is also famous with Colonial British settlers such as the founder of this town, locally called Vonza, whose grave is believed to be at a cross found at the peak of the Kwa Vonza hill.
Kwa Vonza area is now a major picnic spot frequented by university students and locals. Some local churches also hold prayers on the spot around the cross.
Economic activities
Kwa Vonza has seen a rapid growth in the recent past due to the opening of the two universities in the area and also its location at the junction of Kitui - Machakos road and Kwa Vonza - Kanyangi road.
Kwa Vonza market, which is most vibrant on Fridays sells vegetables, livestock, fruits and fabrics.
Kwa Vonza mainly provides accommodation to the students of the two universities and it therefore has a large number of residential houses, hotels, restaurants and recreational places.
Major hotels and restaurants in Kwa Vonza include Moonlight Hotel, club 1.1, trump , jupiter Hard Rock restaurant, Ideal Place, Miyajima, Bench, Tamasha among others.
Kwa Vonza also borders an extensive area which is covered with a natural forest which contains a large number of indigenous trees and shrubs. This forest is maintained by a Japanese Research Institute - JICA and is inhabited by wild animals such as a wide range of snakes, hares, dikdiks and monkeys.
Education
Kwa Vonza is the home to South Eastern Kenya University (SEKU) - Main Campus and Kenyatta University - Kitui Campus.
Secondary schools around the Kwa Vonza area include St. Paul's Kwa Vonza Secondary School, Masaani St. Marys Secondary school and Tanganyika Secondary School. There are many Primary schools.
References
Kitui County
Henrichs is the surname of:
Benjamin Henrichs (born 1997), German footballer
Bertina Henrichs (born 1966), German writer who writes in French
Karl-Heinz Henrichs (1942–2008), German racing cyclist
See also
Henrich, a list of people with the surname or given name
Heinrichs, a list of people with the surname
Surnames from given names
"I Want You to Be My Baby" is a jump blues song written by Jon Hendricks for Louis Jordan whose recording, made on May 28, 1953, was released that autumn.
In the summer of 1955 "I Want You to Be My Baby" was remade as the debut disc by comedy musical act Lillian Briggs, resulting in an expedient cover version by veteran vocalist Georgia Gibbs. Producers Hugo & Luigi had Gibbs fly in from her Massachusetts home to New York City on Wednesday 3 August 1955 to cut "I Want You to Be My Baby" that same afternoon. New York City disc jockeys were provided with acetates of the Gibbs' version by the following morning with regular jockey copies being shipped out Friday 5 August 1955. Neither version of the song would reach the Top Ten. Gibbs' version had the higher chart peak at #14 but it was the rough voiced Briggs - whose version peaked at #18 - who had the million seller. In Britain, Annie Ross - John Hendricks' future co-partner in Lambert, Hendricks & Ross - had an October 1955 single release of "I Want You to Be My Baby" recorded with Tony Crombie & His Orchestra. Neither this disc nor a 1956 UK single release of "I Want You to Be My Baby" by Don Lang charted.
Ellie Greenwich, who as a teenager saw Lillian Briggs sing her hit at Alan Freed's rock and roll shows, chose "I Want You to Be My Baby" as the song to launch her career as a solo recording artist. Produced by Bob Crewe, Greenwich's version reached #83 in the spring of 1967, marking her only US chart appearance as a recording artist apart from her singles with The Raindrops. She included the song on her 1968 debut solo album Ellie Greenwich Composes, Produces and Sings.
The song became a UK Top 40 hit in the autumn of 1968 via a recording by Billie Davis. Produced by Ready Steady Go! co-host Michael Aldred and arranged by Mike Vickers, Davis' version featured a chorale comprising Madeline Bell, Kiki Dee, Kay Garner, Doris Troy and the Moody Blues. The single's failure to rise no higher than #33 was attributed to a strike at the Decca processing plant, which stopped the pressing of discs. In February 1956, the British music magazine NME reported that Ross's version of the song was banned from airplay by the BBC due to the lyric "Come upstairs and have some loving".
In November 1970 the Jyve Fyve reached #50 on the R&B chart with their remake of "I Want You to Be My Baby".
The song has also been recorded by Jimmy and the Mustangs, Colin James, Lindisfarne, Natasha England, Janis Siegel, and Leslie Uggams. A Finnish rendering - "Armaani Sä Silloin Oisit" - was recorded by Wiola Talvikki. It was also a hit for Chinese singer Grace Chang who performed the song in both Mandarin Chinese (我要你的爱 "Wo Yao Ni de Ai") and English in the late 1950s. There was another rendition of the song in a classic 1958 Tamil movie Uthama puthiran, entitled "Yaaradi Ni Mohini". The song was turned into the title song of the Italian TV show Canzonissima in 1960, with the title “Tu lei lui voi noi”, sang by Wilma De Angelis and Johnny Dorelli.
References
1955 singles
1968 singles
Songs with lyrics by Jon Hendricks
Annie Ross songs
1953 songs
First United Methodist Church of Columbia is a historic church located at 501 Church Street in Columbia, Louisiana. It was built in 1911 and enlarged in 1939.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana
References
National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Gothic Revival architecture in Louisiana
Romanesque Revival architecture in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1911
Caldwell Parish, Louisiana
SC 7 was the code name for a large Allied World War II convoy of 35 merchant ships and six escorts, which sailed eastbound from Sydney, Nova Scotia, for Liverpool and other United Kingdom ports on 5 October 1940. While crossing the Atlantic, the convoy was intercepted by one of the first Kriegsmarine submarine wolfpacks. During the ensuing battle, the escort was completely overwhelmed and 20 of the 35 cargo vessels were sunk and 2 more damaged, with 141 lives lost. The disastrous outcome of the convoy demonstrated the German submarines' potential of being able to work more efficiently using wolfpack tactics and the inadequacy of British anti-submarine tactics at the time.
Ships of the convoy
The slow convoy SC 7 left Sydney, Nova Scotia on 5 October 1940 bound for Liverpool and other British ports. The convoy was supposed to make but several merchant ships were much slower, necessitating a further reduced speed. The convoy consisted of older, smaller ships, mostly with essential cargoes of bulk goods. Much of the freight on these ships originated on Canada's east coast, especially from points to the north and east of Sydney. Typical cargoes included pit props from eastern New Brunswick for British coal mines, lumber, pulpwood, grain from the Great Lakes ports, steel and steel ingots from the Sydney plant and iron ore from Newfoundland, bound for the huge steel plants of Wales. The largest ship in the convoy was the 9,512-ton oil tanker , belonging to the Admiralty, which was bound for the Clyde with fuel for the Royal Navy. Another ship, the British , carried a valuable cargo of trucks.
Many of the ships were British but the convoy included Greek, Swedish, Norwegian and Dutch vessels. The convoy commodore, Vice Admiral Lachlan Donald Ian Mackinnon, a retired naval officer who volunteered for this civilian duty, sailed in , a British ship of . As convoy commodore, Mackinnon was in charge of the good order of the merchant ships but did not command the escort. The sloop was sole naval escort for the first three quarters of the journey. There was no aircraft protection in 1940 for Allied ships in the Atlantic Ocean after leaving coastal regions. Scarborough would have had little chance against a surface attack by a German raider. Many of the merchant ship captains were resentful at having to sail in convoy and would have preferred to take their chances on their own, rather than risk such a slow crossing with a weak escort. They were often uncooperative; at one point early in the voyage Scarboroughs captain was shocked to find a Greek merchant ship in the convoy travelling at night with her lights on.
Battle
5–18 October
The convoy sailed on Saturday 5 October 1940. On the first day, one ship, dropped out with mechanical trouble, and had to return to port. The convoy "ran into a gale" on 8 October and then were engaged by U-boats. As bad weather set in on 11 October, several ships became separated and were forced to sail independently. One of these, , was a small Canadian Laker of 1,813 tons, with a cargo of lumber destined for Scotland. She was sighted by on 16 October and sunk. The Greek freighter was seen by and sunk on the 17 October but , another Laker, avoided this fate and was able to rescue survivors from Aenos, before arriving safely at Rothesay on 19 October. A fourth straggler regained the convoy on 15 October.
On 17 October, as the convoy entered the Western Approaches, Scarborough was joined by the sloop and the new corvette . Later that day they were sighted by , which attacked, sinking two ships including the tanker Languedoc. Scarborough counter-attacked, driving U-48 deep so she was unable to shadow or report but the attack was prolonged unwisely and the convoy moved so far ahead that Scarborough was unable to rejoin. On 18 October SC 7 was joined by the sloop and the corvette , with Leith assuming command. Later that day, U-38 sighted the convoy and attacked, damaging . Leith and Heartsease attacked without success, though U-38 was driven off and Heartsease was detailed to escort Carsbreck home, weakening the escort further.
18/19 October
On the night of 18/19 October, , , , and made a concerted attack. U-99 and U-100 were captained by two famous aces, Korvettenkapitäns Otto Kretschmer and Joachim Schepke. The attack was coordinated from Lorient by Admiral Karl Dönitz and his staff. An early casualty was the iron ore ship, , bound for Cardiff, Wales. With her heavy cargo, she sank quickly, taking all 36 crew members with her. Later that night, SC 7 lost many of its members, including Empire Brigade with her cargo of trucks and six of her crew and with her cargo of steel ingots from Sydney. She sank quickly as well, taking with her 38 of her 39-man crew. Also among the casualties was the commodore's ship, Assyrian, which went down with 17 crew (Mackinnon was rescued after a long immersion in the chilly waters). In all, 16 ships were lost in this six-hour period.
18–20 October
On 18 October, was torpedoed by U-101 and was abandoned. She was torpedoed again on 19 October by U-100 but remained afloat. She was towed to the Clyde and later repaired at Greenock. The escorts were unable to prevent any of these losses; their responses were uncoordinated and ineffective. They never realised that the attacking submarines did not attack submerged or from outside the convoy, but were actually running surfaced between the ships inside the convoy. Therefore, the escorts were unable to mount any serious attacks on the U-boats, and had to spend much of their time rescuing survivors. During 19 October, the escorts, loaded with survivors, gathered together those ships that remained. Fowey collected eight ships and made for the Clyde, arriving there a few days later. Scarborough passed through the scene of the battle later on 19 October; she found wreckage, but no survivors. Later that afternoon Leith met Heartsease, still escorting the damaged Carsbreck; together they headed for Gourock, Renfrewshire, collecting two more stragglers on the way. Bluebell with over 200 survivors on board, headed directly for the Clyde, arriving on 20 October.
Aftermath
SC 7 had lost 20 ships out of 35, of which seven fell to Kretschmer's U-99. The total tonnage lost was . The arrival of convoy HX 79 in the vicinity had diverted the U-boats and they went on to sink 12 ships from HX 79 that night.
No U-boats were lost in either engagement. The loss of 28 ships in 48 hours made 18 and 19 October the worst two days for shipping losses in the entire Atlantic campaign. The attack on SC 7 was a vindication of the U-boat Arm's wolfpack tactic, and was the most successful U-boat attack of the Atlantic campaign. The convoy escort was ineffective in guarding against the attack. Convoy tactics were rudimentary at this early stage of the war. The escorts' responses were uncoordinated, as the ships were unused to working together with a common battle-plan. Command fell to the senior officer present, and could change as each new ship arrived. The escorts were torn between staying with the convoy, abandoning survivors in the water, as DEMS regulations demanded, and picking them up, leaving the convoy unprotected and risking being torpedoed themselves.
See also
Battle of the Atlantic
References
Sources
Paul Lund, Harry Ludlam: The Night of the U-Boats (1973)
Dan van der Vat : The Atlantic Campaign (1988)
Arnold Hague : The Allied Convoy System 1939–1945 (2000) . (Canada). (UK)
John Keegan : Intelligence In War (2002)
Further reading
SC007
Naval battles of World War II involving Canada
Naval battles of World War II involving Germany
Naval battles of World War II involving the United Kingdom
The Pakistan Anti-Hero is a book written by Pakistani author, journalist, cultural critic and satirist, Nadeem Farooq Paracha. It is his second book. His first book, End of the Past was published in 2016 by Vanguard Publications. His second book too is published by Vanguard. The Pakistan Anti-Hero is an extension of Paracha's first book in which he mapped the political evolution of Pakistani society. In his second book he attempts to navigate the evolution of Pakistani nationalism through the study of a number of Pakistani intellectuals, artistes, sportsmen, scholars and militants.
References
Books about Pakistan
The 1950 Sheffield Telegraph Trophy was a non-championship Formula One race in the 1950 season. It was won by its only finisher, Cuth Harrison. There was no qualifying session.
Classification
Race
References
Sheffield Telegraph Trophy
Sheffield Telegraph Trophy
Goran Skeledžić (born 7 October 1969) is a Croatian football manager and former player.
Club career
Skeledžić played as forward, he started playing with Croatian side NK Osijek in the Yugoslav First League between 1988 and 1991. Next he moved to Serbian side FK Spartak Subotica and played with them in the First League of FR Yugoslavia. Next he moved to Germany where he played four seasons with Kickers Offenbach between 1994 and 1998. Between 1998 and 2002 he had one-year spells with SV Darmstadt 98, Dynamo Dresden, KSV Klein-Karben and TSF Usingen.
After retiring, Skeledžić became a coach.
References
External links
Goran Skeledžić at German Football Association official website
1969 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
NK Osijek players
FK Spartak Subotica players
Yugoslav First League players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Kickers Offenbach players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
Dynamo Dresden players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Croatian football managers
Expatriate football managers in Germany
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Otis Halbert Holmes (February 22, 1902 – July 27, 1977) was a U.S. Representative from Washington state, serving a total of eight consecutive terms, from 1943 to 1959. He did not stand for re-election in 1958, retiring to his ranch.
Starting his career as a teacher and academic, Holmes also became a livestock rancher in Eastern Washington. He joined the Republican Party and entered politics. He was a grandson of US Representative Dudley Chase Haskell (R-KS).
Early life and education
Born in Cresco, Iowa, Holmes moved in 1915 with his parents and family to Walla Walla, Washington, where he attended the public schools. He graduated from Whitman College, also in Walla Walla, in 1923. He attended graduate school at Columbia University, New York City, where he earned his degree in 1927.
Career
Holmes returned to Washington, where he first taught economics at Ellensburg High School in 1924. He taught in 1925 at what became Central Washington College of Education at Ellensburg. It was first established as a normal school for the training of elementary school teachers.
After completing his graduate degree, Holmes taught at Columbia University in 1928 and 1929. He returned to the Pacific Northwest, teaching at Central Washington College of Education from 1930-1942. From 1934 to 1942 Holmes was also a livestock rancher and operator.
Holmes was elected in 1942 as a Republican to the Seventy-eighth and to the seven succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1943 - January 3, 1959). Holmes voted in favor of the Civil Rights Act of 1957.
He was not a candidate for reelection in 1958 to the Eighty-sixth Congress.
Holmes died in Yakima, Washington, July 27, 1977, and was buried in Terrace Heights Memorial Park.
References
1902 births
1977 deaths
Politicians from Walla Walla, Washington
Columbia University alumni
Whitman College alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
People from Cresco, Iowa
20th-century American politicians
Łaźniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
The Mason County Courthouse is in Mason County, Michigan. It is in the town of Ludington, the county seat.
History
The area early in its history attracted several lumbermen because of the abundance of white pine timber. Among these early settlers in the area were Burr Caswell, Charles Mears, James Ludington, and Eber Brock Ward. The area began settlement when Burr Caswell moved to the area in 1847 from the state of New York. He built a frame house from driftwood in 1849. This was the first frame building in Mason County and is still at White Pine Village.
The Caswell farmhouse served as the first official county seat and as the first courthouse structure. Caswell moved his family upstairs and turned the first floor of his farmhouse over to Mason County to use for a courthouse and trading post. There was even a jail below the house. The Mason County Historical Society restored Caswell's house and the house is now part of "Historic White Pine Village". There were two additional structures before the final present day fourth structure was built in 1893 to serve as Mason County's courthouse.
Mason County was officially organized in 1855. The official county seat of Mason County and its courthouse was determined to be at Burr Caswell's farmhouse at that time.
Prior to then the area was an unofficial settlement in the upper northwestern part of Michigan's Lower Peninsula. The Caswell farmhouse was the county courthouse until 1861. In 1861 the county seat moved to Little Sable (later called Lincoln Village). In 1873 the permanent county seat moved to the town of Pere Marquette in Pere Marquette Township of Mason County. The town name of Pere Marquette was changed to "Ludington" because of its developer James Ludington, a wealthy Milwaukee businessman, and officially incorporated as a city the same year. The 1873 brick courthouse was built at 407 E. Pere Marquette Street. The land was donated by Charles Resseguie.
Present building
The present multi-story building was erected between 1893 and 1894. The tower clock was built by Nels Johnson as one of his Century tower clocks and installed in 1907. The building was designed by the architect Sidney J. Osgood from Grand Rapids, Michigan. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque structure built of Jacobsville sandstone from Houghton County in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The courthouse is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and also as Michigan Registered Site L0404.
Since October 2010 the tower clock has had thirteen strikes of the clock bell at 1 o'clock, day or night.
State Historical Marker
According to a News Release Mason County Courthouse receives State Historical Marker on 18 May 2000 by the Mason County Historical Society, the Director Ronald M. Wood congratulated the Mason County Board of Commissioners for receiving from the Michigan Historical Commission the above historical marker. There was an official dedication and unveiling at 5:30 P.M. on 14 June 2000 on the lawn of the Mason County Courthouse near downtown Ludington, Michigan. It represents that the State of Michigan deems the present Mason County Courthouse worthy of being preserved. This present existing structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Sites on February 24, 1988. It was placed on the State Register of Historic Sites on August 15, 1975. The existing Mason County Courthouse celebrated its 100th Anniversary on September 18, 1994. The first Mason County Courthouse at White Pine Village received a historical marker in 1986 and appeared on the State Register of Historic Sites on May 17, 1978. The News Release explaining the above is dated 2:34 P.M. of 18 May 2000 from the Historical Society to the Mason County Administrator. The official historical marker that was placed on the premises reads
Administration
County Administrator, Fabian Knizacky
County Clerk, James Riffle
Drain Commissioner, David Hasenbank
Prosecuting Attorney, Paul Spaniola
Register of Deeds, Diane Englebrecht
Sheriff, Kim Cole
Surveyor, Jack
Treasurer, Shirley Smith
Circuit Court Judge, Richard I Cooper
District Court Judge, Peter J. Wadel
Judge of Probate, Jeff Nellis
Juvenile Court
Magistrate, Paddy Baker
Friend of the Court, Mark Niemeyer
Equalization Department, Thomas A Routhier(Director)
Photo gallery
Notes
References
Source documents from Mason County courthouse County Administrator of pertinent historical information received 22 July 2008.
External links
Mason County government
Government buildings completed in 1894
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
County courthouses in Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
Buildings and structures in Mason County, Michigan
Clock towers in Michigan
Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in Michigan
Sandstone buildings in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Mason County, Michigan
The law of the handicap of a head start (original Dutch: Wet van de remmende voorsprong), first-mover disadvantage, or dialectics of lead, is a theory that suggests that an initial head start in a given area may result in a handicap in the long term. The term was coined in 1937 by Jan Romein, a Dutch journalist and historian, in his essay "The dialectics of progress" ("De dialectiek van de vooruitgang"), part of the series "The unfinished past" (Het onvoltooid verleden). The mirror image of the law – an initial arrear in a given area may stimulate a development leading to a long-term advantage – is known as the law of the stimulative arrears.
The phenomenon
The law of the handicap of a head start describes a phenomenon that is applicable in numerous settings. The law suggests that making progress in a particular area often creates circumstances in which stimuli are lacking to strive for further progress. This results in the individual or group that started out ahead eventually being overtaken by others. In the terminology of the law, the head start, initially an advantage, subsequently becomes a handicap.
An explanation for why the phenomenon occurs is that when a society dedicates itself to certain standards, and those standards change, it is harder for them to adapt. Conversely, a society that has not committed itself yet will not have this problem. Thus, a society that at one point has a head start over other societies, may, at a later time, be stuck with obsolete technology or ideas that get in the way of further progress. One consequence of this is that what is considered to be the state of the art in a certain field can be seen as "jumping" from place to place, as each leader soon becomes a victim of the handicap.
In common terms, societies, companies, and individuals are often confronted with the decision to either invest now and get a fast return, or put off the investment until a new technology has emerged and possibly make a bigger profit then. For example, a regular problem for individuals is the decision of when to buy a new computer. Since computer speed develops at a steady pace, delaying the investment for a year may mean having to make do with a slower (or no) computer for the first year, but after that the individual will be able to buy a better computer for the same price. In many cases, however, the technological development is not as predictable as this, so it is harder to make an informed decision.
A related law that can be considered as the contrary of this law is the Law of the stimulative arrears (Wet van de stimulerende achterstand) published by Erik van der Hoeven in 1980.
Examples
The author gives an example of the law in his original essay. During a trip to London, he wonders why at that time it was still lit by gas lamps, rather than electric lights as were by then common in other European capitals like Amsterdam. His explanation was that London's head start—their possession of street lights before most other cities—was now holding them back in replacing them with the more modern electric lights. As the streets were already lit there was no pressing need to replace gas lamps, despite the other advantages of electric lighting.
A modern example—an independent observation given not by the author—the internet situation in the US and Romania. Romania got access to the latest and the greatest equipment in a time where it hadn't laid down any cables, but the US has already done that in the past. Upgrades from the American point of view would be a waste of money, as their equipment is already "doing the job".
See also
Convergence (economics) (or catch-up effect)
Resource curse
References
External links
Text of the essay in Dutch
History of technology
Adages
Theories of history
Sociological terminology
Economics effects
Quotations from literature
1930s neologisms
Liu Dong (born 30 August 1968) is a Chinese boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Chinese male boxers
Olympic boxers of China
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
Sheena Porter (born 1935) is a British author of children's novels. She won the 1964 Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising Nordy Bank as the year's best children's book by a British subject.
Sheena Porter has worked as a librarian in Leicester, Nottingham and Shropshire, and currently lives in Ludlow.
Her work is particularly notable for its atmosphere and characterization. It has a feeling for landscape, often portraying actual places, especially in the high country of the Welsh Marches, such as Nordy Bank, and the Long Mynd in The Knockers. She also weaves the history and folklore of the region into her narratives.
Selected works
The Bronze Chrysanthemum (1961), illustrated by Shirley Hughes
Hills and Hollows (1962), illus. Victor Ambrus
Jacobs' Ladder (1963), illus. Ambrus
Nordy Bank (1964), illus. Annette Macarthur-Onslow
The Knockers (1965), illus. Gareth Floyd
Deerfold (1966), illus. Ambrus
The Scapegoat (1968), illus. Doreen Roberts
The Valley of Carrig-Wen (1971), illus. Roberts
The Hospital (1973), illus. Robin Jacques
References
External links
British children's writers
Carnegie Medal in Literature winners
Writers from Ludlow
1935 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
International Astrology Day (most often observed on either March 20 or March 21) was first asserted by the Association for Astrological Networking in 1993 and is an annual observance/holiday celebrated by astrologers and astrology enthusiasts. It is seen by astrologers as the beginning (first day) of the astrological year. It is the first full day of the astrological sign of Aries and thus marks the beginning of the tropical Zodiac.
International Astrology Day is celebrated/observed depending on the exact day that the Northward equinox actually occurs. This varies year to year between March 19–22, though it usually falls on March 20 or March 21.
The date of the holiday occurs at the same time of the Iranian new year (Norouz), which is celebrated in many places throughout the Middle East and Central Asia. It also corresponds with the beginning of the Baháʼí calendar, which is celebrated as Baháʼí Naw-Rúz. Other holidays occurring around this time include Ostara (amongst neopagans), Chunfen in China, and Vernal Equinox Day (a public holiday in Japan), among others.
See also
Astrology
Astrology and astronomy
History of astrology
Spring festivals
Northward equinox
History of astrology
Astrology
March observances
New Year celebrations
Spring festivals
Ni Shiwei (born 6 June 1963) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Climate prediction is a subset of numerical weather prediction dealing with generalized forecasts beyond the usual short-range and medium-range forecast periods. It is part of the broader science of climatology.
Among items that include the phrase "climate prediction" in their name include:
Climate Prediction Center, an agency of the United States government
Climateprediction.net, a collaborative climate ensemble
ClimatePredictionMarket.com, a prediction market developed by Winton Group to form a consensus on climate change
Climatology
Al Bayan (Arabic: The Statement) is an Arabic business magazine published monthly in Beirut, Lebanon. It has been circulated since 1970.
History and profile
Al Bayan was launched by Al Bayan Publishing House in Beirut in 1970. The magazine is published on a monthly basis and appears on the first week of each month. It focuses on financial, economical and social news addressing bankers, financial institutions, insurance and reinsurance companies and brokers. It offers annual surveys about different sectors, including insurance, in Lebanon.
Al Bayan has several supplements and offers annual issues. The magazine is distributed in nearly all Arab countries in addition to its native Lebanon.
The 2012 circulation of Al Bayan was 88,100 copies. The study by Ipsos – Stat established that in 2013 the magazine had the highest share of the advertising revenues in the Arab market for the business and economic magazines.
See also
List of magazines in Lebanon
References
External links
(in English)
1970 establishments in Lebanon
Arabic-language magazines
Business magazines
Magazines established in 1970
Magazines published in Beirut
Monthly magazines published in Lebanon
Planostocha undulans is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1944
Archipini
Commodore Decatur Airport is a closed airport located 2 miles west-northwest of Bainbridge, Georgia, United States.
History
Built by the United States Army Air Forces around 1943, during World War II, the airport was used as an auxiliary training airfield for the Army pilot school at Bainbridge Army Airfield.
With the end of the war, it was turned over to the city of Donalsonville and developed into a municipal airport. It was closed around 1995.
Today, the closed airport is used every year for a Bikefest. Motorcycle clubs from all over the southeast show up for a week; they race on the strip and camp out.
The runway on the northwest is complete, with runway markers and lines still visible.
See also
Georgia World War II Army Airfields
References
Abandoned Airports: Commodore Decatur Airport
WWII Airfield Database - Georgia
External links
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
This is a list of members of the Northern Territory Legislative Council from 28 April 1951 to 29 May 1954.
The council consisted of 14 members. Six members were elected to four single-member electorates (Alice Springs, Batchelor, Stuart and Tennant Creek), and one two-member electorate (Darwin). Seven members (called Official Members) were appointed by the Australian government, all of whom were senior public servants in the Northern Territory. The Administrator of the Northern Territory, Frank Wise, served as presiding officer (or president) of the council.
Appointed member William Flynn fell ill in 1951, and had to leave the Northern Territory. Keith Edmunds was appointed to act in Flynn's role as Crown Law Officer, and was appointed to the Legislative Council in September.
Appointed member Robert Jones had his appointment terminated on 6 August 1951. Frank Vidgen was appointed as his replacement from 1 October 1951.
Appointed member Reg Leydin took a leave of absence as Government Secretary from 1 July 1952. His role and his place on the council were filled by Charles Stahl.
Appointed member Francis Moy resigned his post as Director of Native Affairs and his place on the Legislative Council on 21 May 1953. Reginald McCaffery was appointed in his place on the Council and as acting Director pending appointment of a permanent replacement.
See also
1951 Northern Territory general election
References
Members of Northern Territory parliaments by term
A referendum on the death penalty for premeditated murder was held in Bermuda on 12 August 1990. The referendum was held following pressure from the British government, and was held as part of the Capital Punishment Referendum Act, 1989. However, voters approved of retaining the penalty, with 79% voting in favour.
The death penalty was later abolished by the Parliament of Bermuda following a vote in December 1999.
Results
References
1990 referendums
Death penalty, 1990
1990 in Bermuda
Capital punishment
Jeunesse sportive de Kabylie is an Algerian professional football club based in Tizi Ouzou, Tizi Ouzou Province. The club was formed in 1946 as Jeunesse Sportive de Kabylie, and played their first competitive match in 1946, when they entered the 1946–47 Ligue d'Alger Troisième Division. After changing his name twice from 1974 to 1977 Jamiat Sari' Kawkabi and from 1977 to 1989 Jeunesse Électronique de Tizi-Ouzou The club was renamed his old name Jeunesse sportive de Kabylie in 1989.
The club has won a total of 28 major trophies, including the national championship a record 14 times also won the Algerian Cup 5 times, the Algerian League Cup once, the Algerian Super Cup 1 time, the CAF Champions League 2 times, the now-defunct African Cup Winners' Cup 1 time, and the now-defunct CAF Cup 3 times. The club has also never been out of the top two divisions of Algerian football since entering the Football League.
This is a list of the seasons played by JS Kabylie from 1962 when the club first entered a league competition to the most recent seasons. The club's achievements in all major national and international competitions as well as the top scorers are listed. Top scorers in bold were also top scorers of Ligue 1. The list is separated into three parts, coinciding with the three major episodes of Algerian football:
History
After independence, JS Kabylie became the best Algerian team, and among the best clubs in Africa where he has six titles, the best coach over the club is the Polish Stefan Żywotko, who won ten titles, including the African Cup of Champions Clubs twice in 14 years.
Before independence
Below, the JS Kabylie season-by-season record before independence in the French Algeria period :
After independence
Below, the JS Kabylie season-by-season record after independence of Algeria :
Key
Key to league record:
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
Key to divisions:
1 = Ligue 1
2 = Ligue 2
Key to rounds:
DNE = Did not enter
Grp = Group stage
R1 = First Round
R2 = Second Round
R32 = Round of 32
R16 = Round of 16
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
Division shown in bold to indicate a change in division.
Top scorers shown in bold are players who were also top scorers in their division that season.
List of leading goalscorers
Bold Still playing competitive football in JS Kabylie.
Position key:
GK – Goalkeeper;
DF – Defender;
MF – Midfielder;
FW – Forward
1 Includes the Super Cup.
2 Includes the Confederation Cup and Champions League.
3 Includes the UAFA Club Cup.
Notes
References
Seasons
JS Kabylie
Virtual agent may refer to:
Computing and technology
A virtual agent, a specialized software agent that interacts with humans in a human-agent team
Virtual assistant
Intelligent agent, in artificial intelligence
Dialogue system
Pedagogical agent
Chatbot, a software robot
Other uses
Virtual assistant (occupation), a person offering remote service
See also
Virtual actor
Virtual character (disambiguation)
Virtual friend (disambiguation)
Virtual human (disambiguation)
Christopher "Chris" Voss is an American businessman, author, and academic. Voss is a former FBI hostage negotiator , the CEO of The Black Swan Group Ltd, a company registered in East Grinstead, England, and co-author of the book Never Split the Difference. He is an adjunct Professor at Harvard Law School, Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, and a lecturer at the Marshall School of Business at University of Southern California .
Early life and education
Voss was born in Mt. Pleasant, Iowa. He earned a Bachelor of Science from Iowa State University and Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Career
Voss was a member of the New York City Joint Terrorism Task Force from 1986 to 2000. He was involved in monitoring the New York City landmark bomb plot after spending three years investigating the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, one of 500 agents who were involved in the task. He was the "co-case agent" during the investigation of the 1996 TWA Flight 800 explosion.
In 1992, he received hostage negotiation training at the FBI Academy. He spent 24 years working in the FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit and was the FBI's chief international hostage and kidnapping negotiator from 2003 to 2007.
In 2006, he was the lead negotiator on the Jill Carroll case in Iraq as well as the Steve Centanni case in the Gaza Strip. Voss supervised additional hostage cases in the Philippines, Colombia and Haiti.
After working on more than 150 international hostage cases, he retired from the FBI in 2007 and founded The Black Swan Group. The Black Swan Group serves as a consultancy and trainer for both businesses and individuals on negotiation skills. He became an adjunct professor at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business and a lecturer at the USC Marshall School of Business.
In 2016, Voss co-authored the book Never Split the Difference: Negotiating As If Your Life Depended On It, with journalist Tahl Raz.
Voss was given the Attorney General's Award for Excellence in Law Enforcement as well as the FBI Agents Association Award for Distinguished and Exemplary Service.
Voss is a regular commentator on CNBC, CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News, and NPR. He has also been featured in Forbes, The New York Times, Inc., Variety, and Time.
In 2019, he created and narrated a MasterClass, The Art of Negotiation.
Books
Never Split the Difference: Negotiating As If Your Life Depended On It (2016)
References
External links
Inc magazine, "The 5 Brilliant Emotional Intelligence Tactics This FBI Agent Uses to Negotiate"
Time magazine, "5 Tactics to Win a Negotiation, According to an FBI Agent"
Article at the Daily Beast
IDC Magazine
Interview at CNN in 2008
Living people
American chief executives
American writers
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
McDonough School of Business faculty
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Negotiation
United States National Security Council staffers
University of Southern California faculty
1957 births
Camden Hills Regional High School (CHRHS) is a public high school in the town of Rockport, Maine in the United States. It is the sole high school of the Five Town Community School District, which consists of Camden, Rockport, Lincolnville, Hope, and Appleton.
Students
Camden Hills Regional High School mainly educates students in grades 9–12 from the Five Town CSD area. Students from other towns can pay tuition to attend the school, and some exceptions can be made in the case of students who are deemed essential to the school or at other administrative discretion.
The feeder K–8 school districts are Maine School Administrative District 28 and School Union 69.
Academics
Camden Hills Regional High School offers 27 English, 12 social studies, 16 language (French, Spanish, and Latin at various levels), 19 math, 16 science, 6 business, 9 visual media & technology, 11 industrial technology, 11 family & consumer science, 5 music, 14 art, 5 theater, and 3 physical education courses. This includes Advanced Placement classes in Biology, Calculus, European History, Language and Composition, Latin, Literature and Composition, Physics, Environmental Science, and United States History. The school also sends some students to the Midcoast School of Technology, which offers 14 different courses. The school also has a school-to-career program for juniors and seniors. In 2009, the school was ranked seventh out of 106 Maine high schools for average three-year achievement and average three-year growth in student achievement. Fifteen percent of the teachers at the school are Nationally Board Certified. The school has 13 students who were National Merit Semi-Finalists, and 4 students who were National Merit Finalists.
Athletics
In 2009, Sports Illustrated named the Camden Hills Regional High School athletic program the top program in the state of Maine. This was due in large part to the yearly success of the boys basketball, wrestling, and mountain biking teams, all three of which are consistently ranked highly in the state.
Camden Hills Regional High School offers cross-country running, golf, mountain biking, soccer, field hockey, alpine and nordic skiing, basketball, ice hockey, baseball, softball, football, lacrosse, tennis, track and field, swimming, sailing, wrestling, and ultimate frisbee teams.
Notable alumni
Tim Boetsch – mixed martial arts fighter
Nathaniel Butler Jr. – former president of Colby College
Sean Hill – neuroscientist
Edna St. Vincent Millay – poet
Gary Sukeforth – politician and businessperson
Molly White – Wikipedia editor and writer
References
External links
High school official Website
School district website
Public high schools in Maine
Schools in Knox County, Maine
Camden, Maine
Rockport, Maine
Peter Koncilia (born 22 July 1949) is an Austrian footballer. He played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1975 to 1977.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
() is a song by Japanese band Sakanaction. It was released as a single in January 2013, two months before the band's sixth album Sakanaction. A progressive dance rock song, "Music" was adopted as the theme song for the Yōsuke Eguchi-starring drama Dinner while the band's songwriter Ichiro Yamaguchi was struggling to write lyrics for the otherwise finished composition. Inspired by the cooking drama's theme of professionalism, Yamaguchi themed the song around his own experience with professionalism, relating it to his career as a musician. The band performed the song at several high-profile venues, including NHK's Music Station and at the 64th Kōhaku Uta Gassen New Year's musical competition.
Critics believed the composition was different structurally to a regular pop song, and challenged general notions about what constituted pop music, and was a high quality song, despite the single's apparent commercial-focus. Commercially, the song performed well, reaching number one on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 chart.
Background and development
In September 2011, Sakanaction released their fifth studio album Documentaly, which had reached number two on the Japanese Oricon albums chart; the highest position achieved by the band in their career at the time. The album was strongly affected by the events of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami which had occurred in March of that year, during the promotional period for their single "Rookie". The band's vocalist and songwriter Ichiro Yamaguchi felt a new resolution to create music that would resonate with a general pop music audience, who listened to idol acts such as Girls' Generation and AKB48. As rock music was no longer a popular staple during the early 2010s in Japan, Yamaguchi felt that the reasons people listened to music had changed over time, and wanted to mix rock music with entertainment-focused music in order to give these people the type of music that they look for.
The band were contacted by the promotions team of Mode Gakuen to write a commercial song for their 2012 advertisements in October 2011, when the band had just begun performing their Sakanaquarium 2011 tour for Documentaly. This was the first time the band had been asked to write a piece of music specifically for a purpose (though songs on Documentaly had been used for commercial tie-ups, these had been organized after the songs had been completed). The band recorded the song after the tour finished, and planned to release it as a single at the beginning of 2012. However, while this was happening, the band were contacted to write a theme song for the Tsuyoshi Kusanagi drama 37-sai de Isha ni Natta Boku: Kenshui Junjō Monogatari, which disrupted their plans for the single. The theme song, "Boku to Hana", was released in May 2012, while the Mode Gakuen commercial "Yoru no Odoriko" was released in August 2012.
When Sakanaction had finished producing the music and arrangement of "Music", they were informed that the production staff from Fuji Television for the Yōsuke Eguchi-starring drama Dinner had requested a Sakanaction song for the drama's theme song. This, however, was before the song had been fully finished, while Yamaguchi was still writing the song's lyrics. As the offer was for any Sakanaction song, the band submitted a piece of music that they wanted to release for themselves, without considering the drama's story or the song's reception by television audience as they had done for "Boku to Hana". Originally the band did not plan to release "Music" as a single before the drama theme song offer, instead intending the song to act as the leading promotional track for their album Sakanaction (2013).
Writing and inspiration
"Music" had the longest production time to date for a Sakanaction single, as Yamaguchi had difficulty finalizing the song's lyrics. Yamaguchi challenged himself to write the lyrics unconsciously, creating a story out of the lyrics that spontaneously occurred to him while listening to the song's melody. The first draft had a strong story to it, but Yamaguchi felt that because the story needed too much explanation to understand abandoned these plans. Yamaguchi wanted to write a song describing how Sakanaction as a band look toward music, and expressed musically what type of band Sakanaction were in that moment. While Yamaguchi was struggling with the song's lyrics, Sakanaction's manager gave them the news that one of their songs would be used for the theme song of the drama Dinner. As he was struggling to find a lyrical theme for the song, Yamaguchi read the screenplays for the first three episodes of the drama; finding professionalism to be an overarching theme to the work. Instead of relating the song to the drama's cooking-focused theme, Yamaguchi decided to write the song about his own professionalism, from his perspective as a musician.
For the arrangement, the band created "Music" by mixing together the "groove" of club music with kayōkyoku and rock genres. The band members recorded the song together with Yamaguchi at his apartment, instead of at a recording studio as they had done for "Boku to Hana" and "Yoru no Odoriko".
Composition
"Music" is a five-minute and twenty-two second long composition that begins with a synthesizer-based rhythm paired with whispered vocals, which builds into a dance rock song. The initial verse is performed without Kusakari's bass guitar, which is added in the second verse.
Promotion and release
The single was announced on December 1, 2012, when Yamaguchi was still recording the song at his home studio, while the song's usage as the theme song for Dinner was announced two weeks later. A ringtone of the song was released on January 13, the same day that the first episode of Dinner aired. Yamaguchi debuted the song in full the next day on his radio program Sakana Locks, a part of Tokyo FM's School of Lock. Composer Toshihiko Sahashi arranged two instrumental versions of the song for use as interstitial music in Dinner: a string version and a piano version. Both of these recordings were included on Dinner'''s original soundtrack, released on February 27.
On January 23, the song was released as a two-track single physical single. The release was sold for a reduced price of 500 yen and marketed as a "one coin single" (500 yen being the largest coin denomination in Japan), as a way to reach a wider audience and for more people to purchase physical copies. Yamaguchi himself did not like the "one coin single" moniker, feeling this implied that the single was a sub-par effort release, and pleaded with his management to stop referring to it with that term. "Music" was paired with the B-side "Eiga (Conté 2012/11/16 17:24)", a single take of the song "Eiga" that was recorded on November 16, 2012. This take was remixed and later included on Sakanaction two months later.
The band performed the song for the first time on the music program Music Station on February 15, and at the 64th Kōhaku Uta Gassen, NHK's annual New Year's music contest. Two performances of the song have been released in the band's video releases: one performance on the band's Sakanaquarium 2013 Sakanaction: Live at Makuhari Messe 2013.5.19 video album, and one on their Sakanatribe 2014: Live at Tokyo Dome City Hall video album.
For the band's single "Sayonara wa Emotion" / "Hasu no Hana" (2014), electronic musician Cornelius remixed "Music" as one of the single's B-sides. Cornelius first met Yamaguchi while touring his Point album in 2001, when Yamaguchi was employed in the security team for his Sapporo concert. Originally the band asked Cornelius to remix a different song for the single, but he asked to remix "Music" instead, having grown to love the song as his son used to loudly play "Music" from his room when he was an elementary school student. Cornelius changed the melody's key and the chords to create an acoustic-based version from a dance and electronic-focused song, countering the standard way an acoustic song is remixed into an electronic form. This remix, alongside the single's B-side "Eiga (Conté 2012/11/16 17:24)", were included on the band's 2015 compilation album Natsukashii Tsuki wa Atarashii Tsuki: Coupling & Remix Works. Two weeks later, Cornelius released the remix as a part of his own compilation album, Constellations of Music. An additional remix of the song by Sakanaction's drummer Keiichi Ejima, "Music (Ej_Remix)", was also included on Natsukashii Tsuki wa Atarashii Tsuki: Coupling & Remix Works.
Cover artwork
The cover artwork was produced by Kamikene of the design team Hatos. The artwork is based on his impressions of hearing an unfinished version of "Music" without the lyrics, as Yamaguchi found difficulty in completing the lyrics before the song's due date. It depicts two different gray-scale photographs separated by a bar. The cover art is actually a smaller, one tenth section of a hand-drawn poster made by Kamikene, who drew two artworks inspired by the song's sound. Instead of a single booklet, both artworks were included as a large-scale, folded poster for the physical single's first press edition. For the initial one-track digital download of the single, a similarly themed cover artwork was created, depicting separate photos to the standard edition.
Music video
The music video was directed by Kazuaki Seki, who worked together with Sakanaction in 2010 for their single "Aruku Around". It was uploaded to YouTube two days after the single's release, on January 25, 2013. The music video features a square shot of Yamaguchi sitting down at a computer, while he listens to headphones. In the remaining area to the left and right of Yamaguchi, a video of a girl, played by talent Ayano Kudo, surrounded by gray-scale dancers can be seen as she goes about her daily life. The scenes of the girl switch between a top-down perspective and a forced perspective where it appears she is being shown from above, but is actually being shown from her side. Occasionally the dancer's black hands can be seen interacting with both the scenes of the girl and Yamaguchi's scene.
Entertainment Media Kulture described the video as inscrutable, believing the scenes of the girl to the left and right represented the music Yamaguchi is listening to.
Reception
Critical reception
Aki Ito of EMTG felt that "Music" was a song that fought with general people's notions of what pop music is. She believed that the song was not simple to interpret and difficult to sing, but despite this was very catchy and memorable. She likened the song's arrangement to sound art in its intricacy, and believed the song had a different structure and progression to a regular pop song. Ito found "Music"'s melody interesting, as it was similar to classic mid-1990s dance music melodies, however slightly altered to create something entirely new. Entertainment Media Kulture felt that the song was a stoic look at how Sakanaction function as musical artists. CDJournal reviewers felt the chorus' echoing vocals and minimalistic development created a "floating feeling" and a "fantastic space", and that the song's final section left a "strong impact" created by the members working together in unison.
Dai Onojima was overwhelmed with the song's high quality and the "clear passion" of the lyrics, which caught him off guard due to the many commercially focused sales strategies Sakanaction's management had implemented for the single, including its drama tie-up, low price and tour pre-sales ticket inclusion. He felt that releasing a commercially focused song while singing about the reasons why they created music was a strong message about how dedicated they were as musicians.
Commercial reception
The single debuted at number four on Oricon's singles chart, with both Oricon and rival sales tracking agency SoundScan Japan tracking 35,000 physical copies sold in the single's first week. It remained in the top thirty singles for four weeks, and spent a total of ten weeks in the top 200 releases. The single fared better on the Billboard Japan Hot 100, which in January 2013 tracked physical sales, airplay and iTunes sales data. It reached number one on the chart, after receiving strong enough airplay a week prior to debut at number 15. On the iTunes Japan music store, the song was the 28th most purchased song of 2013.
Track listings
Personnel
Personnel details were sourced from Sakanactions liner notes booklet.SakanactionAll members – arrangement, production
Keiichi Ejima – drums
Motoharu Iwadera – guitar
Ami Kusakari – bass guitar
Emi Okazaki – keyboards
Ichiro Yamaguchi – vocals, guitar, lyrics, compositionPersonnel and imageryMinoru Iwabuchi – executive producer
Kensuke Maeda – assistant engineer
Tatsuya Nomura – executive producer (Hip Land Music Corporation)
Tadashi Owaki – assistant engineer
Yoriko Sugimoto – A&R director
Satoshi Tajima – executive producer
Ayaka Toki – assistant engineer
Naoki Toyoshima – executive producer
Masashi Uramoto – mixing, recording
Satoshi Yamagami – A&R promoter
Naoki Yokota – executive producerMusic video'''
Ryuji Aigase – dancer
Aoi Pro – production
Aya Eguchi – dancer
Daisuke Fukui – dancer
Aiko Funaki – art
Yuki Hamada – dancer
Akira Hosoka – producer
Hisashi "Momo" Kitazawa – creative director, stylist
Ayano Kudo – cast member
Asami Nemoto – hair, make-up
Akiko Oodate – production manager
Hayato Ōmori – dancer
Shiho Sato – dancer
Kazuaki Seki – director
Itaru Shibamura – producer
Kento Shimizu – production manager
Yasuyuki Suzuki – lighting
Yae Tomiyama – dancer
Hiroyuki Yabe – camera
Yūki Yada – dancer
Chart rankings
Certification and sales
Release history
References
2013 singles
2013 songs
Japanese-language songs
Japanese television drama theme songs
Sakanaction songs
Songs written by Ichiro Yamaguchi
Victor Entertainment singles
Vilgertshofen is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Landsberg (district)
Jon Keighren (born 7 December 1967, in Carlisle) is a football commentator for Imagine FM and TalkSport. He is also the official commentator for Stockport County Football Club.
Keighren is PR Officer for the Royal British Legion in the north of England. He was previously Head of Media Relations at The University of Manchester, and Head of News and Sport at Signal FM and Imagine FM in Stockport, where he co-hosted the Breakfast Show with Ed James. He is a graduate of Sheffield City Polytechnic and is a member of the Chartered Institute of Public Relations. He is also the co-author of a football book called Get Those Sheep off the Pitch with Phil Staley, a former manager of Accrington Stanley and Macclesfield Town.
References
1967 births
Living people
Association football commentators
British radio personalities
Danciger is an unincorporated community in Brazoria County, Texas, United States. According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had a population of 357 in 2000. It is located within the Greater Houston metropolitan area.
History
Danciger was founded when the local oil and refining company opened the Pledger Dome gas field in 1933. A post office was established at Danciger in 1934. It had two businesses in 1939 with a population of 150 residents. It jumped to 314 from 1974 through 1990. It still had two businesses in 1978, with two more opening in the early 1990s. Its population grew to 357 in 2000 and returned to only two businesses.
Geography
Danciger is located on Farm to Market Road 1301 near Dance Bayou and the Matagorda County line, west of West Columbia, west of Angleton, southeast of Wharton, and northeast of Bay City in extreme west central Brazoria County.
Government and infrastructure
The United States Postal Service operates the Danciger Post Office on Farm to Market Road 1301. In July 2011 the USPS announced that it may close the post office. Joe King, the Brazoria County Judge, said in 2011 that he was not surprised that the postal agency targeted the post office for closure and that "[f]or years when I drove by, I wondered how many people it served. There's nothing there — just this tiny house about the size of my office, sitting in the yard of another house. There's nothing else out there."
Education
The Columbia-Brazoria Independent School District operates schools in the area.
References
Unincorporated communities in Brazoria County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The Popular Union Party (in Spanish: Partido Unión Popular, PUP) was a Panamanian centrist liberal political party.
It was founded in 1947 by Sergio González Ruiz.
Sergio González Ruiz was one of leaders of the Community Action (in 1920s-1930s)
and Liberal Doctrinaire Party (in 1930s-1940s).
In 1946 five liberal parties have allied within the Liberal Unification. Its five original parties were the Liberal Doctrinaire Party (led by Domingo Díaz Arosemena), Liberal Democratic Party (under Enrique Adolfo Jiménez), Liberal Renewal Party (under Francisco Arias Paredes), Chiarista Liberal Party (under Roberto Francisco Chiari Remón) and United Liberal Party (founded by died ex-President Belisario Porras Barahona).
After the 1947 Liberal Unification nominating convention, Sergio González Ruiz faction withdrew from the Liberal Unification.
For the 1948 elections, the PUP presented its presidential candidate, Sergio González Ruiz.
He polled 5,634 votes (02.84%).
The PUP won 2 legislative seats.
In 1952 the PUP joined the Liberal Party “del Matadero”, National Revolutionary Party, Authentic Revolutionary Party and Renewal Party to form the National Patriotic Coalition (CPN) to support the presidential aspirations of Colonel José Antonio Remón Cantera, head of the National Police.
In 1953 the National Patriotic Coalition was reorganized as a single party.
In 1959 the former PUP faction left the CPN.
References
1947 establishments in Panama
Defunct political parties in Panama
Political parties established in 1947
Adriano Chimento is an Italian jeweller and businessman, the founder and president of the Chimento jewellery company.
In 1946, Adriano Chimento founded Chimento in 1964 in Grisignano di Zocco, in the Italian province of Vicenza.
Adriano Chimento has been named in the Panama Papers.
References
Italian businesspeople
Italian jewellers
Living people
People named in the Panama Papers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dr. Sudoku may refer to:
Thomas Snyder or Dr. Sudoku, American puzzle creator
Dr. Sudoku (video game), a video game published by Mastiff
Mac Raghnaill is a masculine surname in the Irish language. The name translates into English as "son of Raghnall". The surname originated as a patronym, however it no longer refers to the actual name of the bearer's father.
The name Raghnall is a Gaelic derivative of the Old Norse personal name Røgnvaldr / Rǫgnvaldr / Rögnvaldr. Variant forms of the surname include Mac Rághnaill and Mac Raonaill. These three surnames can be Anglicised variously as: Grannell, MacRanald, MacRandell, MacCrindle, MacReynold, MacReynolds, Randalson, Rondalson, Reynoldson, Rannals, Randals, Randles, Ranolds, and Reynolds. The Irish surnames are borne by numerous unrelated families; some are of Irish origin, others of Scottish origin, some are of English origin, and some may be of Norwegian and or Danish origin.
People with the name
mac Raghnaill
Domhnall mac Raghnaill (fl. 13th century), Hebridean magnate
Ruaidhrí mac Raghnaill (died 1247?), Hebridean magnate
Mac Raghnaill
Ailbhe Mac Raghnaill, better known in English as Albert Reynolds, (born 1932), Irish, Taoiseach of Ireland.
Cathal Mhég Raghnaill., in English Charles Reynolds (born 1496-7), Irish, Archdeacon of Kells.
References
Irish-language masculine surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames
Irish families
Surnames of Irish origin
Sankuru may refer to
Sankuru, one of the provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sankuru District, a former district of the Belgian Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sankuru Nature Reserve, protected area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo established in 2007
Sankuru River, a major river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Chancel Ilunga Sankuru (born 1995), Congolese middle-distance runner.
The International Trade and Investment Directorate is a directorate of the Scottish Government. The main areas of responsibility of the directorate are the internationalisation of the economy of Scotland and maximising the value of the food and drink industry sector of the Scottish economy.
The directorate is responsible for setting policy relating to trade, capital and foreign investment, and food and drink sectoral policy.
Composition
Cabinet Secretaries
Kate Forbes, Cabinet Secretary for Finance and the Economy
Ivan McKee, Minister for Business, Trade, Tourism and Enterprise]]
Angus Robertson, Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution, External Affairs and Culture
Management of the board
Liz Ditchburn, Director-General of Economy
See also
Economy of Scotland
Scottish Government
Directorates of the Scottish Government
References
Directorates of the Scottish Government
Szynkarzyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 470.
References
Szynkarzyzna
Araucarites sanctaecrucis is an extinct coniferous tree from Patagonia, Argentina. Its exact affinities are unknown and it is currently assigned to the form genus Araucarites of the family Araucariaceae. A. sanctaecrucis are known from petrified fossils of branches, foliage, and cones from the Cerro Cuadrado Petrified Forest.
Description
The branches of A. sanctaecrucis were woody and symmetrical, approximately in diameter. Axillary branches are sometimes present in single or double rows at the sides. One side of the recovered detached branches are almost always severely weathered. This is believed to have been the surface facing upwards as it laid on the forest floor.
The leaves were evergreen and arranged spirally. They were flattened against each other (appressed) and scale-like (imbricate). They were rhomboidal in shape, long and at its widest. They tapered gradually into a distal subacute point. The undersides of the leaves (abaxial surface) sometimes exhibited parallel longitudinal ridges and grooves. The free part of the lamina (the leaf blade) was about half the length of the leaves.
These fossils are found together with two types of highly distinctive cones (presumed to be female) that show affinities to both Araucariaceae and Cupressaceae (cypresses). However, they have not been described.
Taxonomy
A. sanctaecrucis is classified in the genus Araucarites of the family Araucariaceae. The genus is a form taxon, and is reserved for specimens of possible members of the genus Araucaria, but due to various reasons can not be identified with much confidence. They were described by the Scottish paleobotanist Mary Gordon Calder in 1953.
The genus name, like that of Araucaria, is derived from the Spanish exonym Araucanos ("from Arauco"), referring to the Mapuche people of Chile and Argentina who live in the surviving forests of Araucaria today. The specific name is a Latinized form of "Santa Cruz", the Argentinean province from which the Cerro Cuadrado Petrified Forest is found.
Paleoecology
The dominant species of the forests A. sanctaecrucis are found is Araucaria mirabilis. Pararaucaria patagonica, another conifer, is also found in the area.
Distribution and geologic time range
The Cerro Cuadrado Petrified Forest is part of the La Matilde Formation, dated to the Bathonian to Oxfordian ages (164.7 to 155.7 million years ago) of the Middle to Upper Jurassic. The area was once part of the subtropical and temperate regions of the southern supercontinent Gondwana in the Mesozoic era, a more or less continuous landmass consisting of what is now modern South America, Africa, Antarctica, Australia, New Zealand, and New Guinea.
See also
Paleobotany
Araucarioxylon arizonicum
Nothofagus
References
Araucariaceae
Jurassic plants
Mesozoic trees
Bathonian life
Oxfordian life
Prehistoric plants of South America
Jurassic Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Alan Lee Williams OBE (born 29 November 1930) is a former president of the Atlantic Treaty Association, a British Labour Party politician, writer and visiting professor of politics at Queen Mary University of London.
Early life
Williams was educated at The John Roan School, Greenwich and worked as a journeyman freeman and craft-owning freeman of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, between 1945 and 1952, before attending Ruskin College, Oxford. He was elected a borough councillor in Greenwich in 1952, at the age of twenty-one, serving until 1955. He worked as the national youth officer of the Labour Party between 1955 and 1962 and then as the National Youth Officer of the United Nations Association between 1962 and 1966. Williams was chairman of the British National Committee of the World Assembly of Youth for four years.
Political career
He first contested the safe Conservative seat of Epsom in 1964. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for the marginal seat of Hornchurch three times, first winning the seat in 1966. He lost to the Conservative John Loveridge in 1970, but regained the seat in February, and was re-elected in October 1974. He was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to Denis Healey in his role as Defence Secretary from 1967 to 1970. In 1974, Williams was again appointed as a PPS to the Roy Mason, Defence Secretary, remaining in the role when Mason was appointed Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
In 1979, Williams again lost his seat to the Conservatives, this time to Robin Squire, and he has not returned to the House of Commons since.
After Parliament
In 1979, he was appointed Director-General of the English Speaking Union. In the 1980s, he joined the Social Democratic Party and became Chairman of the SDP's Defence Committee for four years, later rejoining the Labour Party. He was a long serving member of the Trilateral Commission and served on the Foreign Office's Advisory Board on Arms Control, and on the Lord Chancellor's Advisory Board on Public Records.
Williams first served with the European Movement as Deputy Director from 1970 until 1972, and as Director of the British Atlantic Committee between 1972 and 1974. From 1972 to 1973, he was Director of the Labour Committee for Europe. During this time he was awarded the Order of the British Empire for services to Europe. In 1978, he was Chairman of Peace through NATO, during the question over the Pershing Cruise Missile Deployment. In 1986 he became Director of the Atlantic Council of the United Kingdom, a member of the Atlantic Treaty Association. He served in this capacity until 2007. He was elected President of the Atlantic Treaty Association in 2000, serving until 2003, and from 2007 held the title of Honorary Vice-President for Life at the Atlantic Council.
In 1986, he was made Warden and Chief Executive of Toynbee Hall, the university settlement. He is Chairman of a number of major charities, including the Transport on Water Association and the Sir William Beveridge Foundation.
Williams has written and contributed to several books and articles, including A Radical Future (1966), Europe and the Open Sea (1966), Crisis in European Defence (1979), and other works on defence with his brother, Professor Geoffrey Lee Williams.
References
Bibliography
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
Interviewed on ANN TV 2015
1930 births
Living people
People educated at the John Roan School
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Fabian Society
Councillors in Greater London
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Social Democratic Party (UK) politicians
Politics of the United Kingdom articles needing infoboxes
Strzałkowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruja, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately east of Ruja, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 130.
References
Villages in Legnica County
We Are the Marines is a 1942 full-length documentary film produced by The March of Time. It was produced and directed by Louis De Rochemont and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
Plot
The early portions of the film deal with the history of the Corps, from Colonial times to the 1942. The film's midsection details the arduous training procedure of the Few and the Proud at Parris Island and elsewhere. Finally, wartime newsreel footage is adroitly blended with dramatized re-enactments to illustrate the contributions, and the necessity, of the Marines in World War II.
External links
1942 films
1940s war films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Louis de Rochemont
American World War II propaganda films
20th Century Fox films
The March of Time films
Films about the United States Marine Corps
American documentary films
1942 documentary films
American war films
Gao Yukui () is a retired Chinese athlete. She won a gold medal in the discus throw and a silver in the shot put at the 1974 Asian Games.
References
Chinese female shot putters
Chinese female discus throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 Asian Games
Living people
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Matthew Patrick (born 10 October 2000) is a Trinidadian cricketer. He made his List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017. In November 2019, he was named in the West Indies' squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lt. Howard Mather Burnham (March 17, 1842 – September 19, 1863), is best known for having fought and died at the Battle of Chickamauga in Georgia, during the American Civil War.
Early life
Burnham attended a military high school in Hamden, Connecticut and upon graduation he attended Sanborn's school in Concord, Massachusetts and Lawrence scientific school (now known as Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences) in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Soon after the Massachusetts Volunteers were attacked in Baltimore, Maryland, he enlisted in the Springfield City Guards on April 19, 1861.
Military career
Burnham was sent to the 10th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry and received a commission as a Second Lieutenant in command of the Fifth Artillery in the regular Union Army. He served impatiently for several months as a Union Army recruiting officer in Towanda, Philadelphia, New York, and Dubuque until he was ordered to Fort Hamilton in New York on garrison duty. He went to Washington, DC for an assignment as Aide-de-camp to his uncle Major General Joseph K. Mansfield, commander of the XII Corp of the Army of the Potomac, but before he had the chance to join his staff Gen. Mansfield was killed at the Battle of Antietam. After several months he was promoted to First Lieutenant and joined the 5th U.S. Light Artillery, Battery H of the Army of the Cumberland under General William Rosecrans. Shortly after taking command of Battery H, he had been appointed Chief of Artillery of the 1st division, 14th army corps and placed on the staff of Gen. Absalom Baird.
Battle of Chickamauga
On the morning of September 19, 1863, Burnham was overseeing his artillery battery in the thick woods near Jay's Mill at the Battle of Chickamauga. With Confederate troops charging his position, he attempted to bring his horses forward to haul off the guns, but alert Confederates shot the animals as soon as they were within sight. With no chance of escape, he ordered his gunners to load their four 12-pound Napoleons with double-shotted canister. Battery H opened up as soon as the 18th Infantry skirmishers were clear, causing the Confederates to take cover. The 16th Infantrymen in front of the guns occupied a slightly lower elevation and saw the shells flying over their heads. But Battery H did not have much infantry support and enemy fire quickly shot down their gunners. Burnham was shot in the chest, mortally wounded. When his second in command, Lt. Joshua A. Fessenden, asked Burnham if he was hurt, he responded: "Not much, but save the guns!".
Lt. Fessenden had the following to say about the battle that day: During the morning, after an all night march, we were ordered forward by General King. The battery was hardly in position before the troops on the right gave way and it was exposed to a most terrific fire of musketry from front and flank. General King ordered us to limber to the rear, but it was impossible to execute the order, since many of the cannoneers were either killed or wounded, and the horses shot at the limbers. At the first fire, Lieut. Burnham fell mortally wounded; Lieut. Ludlow was also wounded and fell into the enemy's hands, and myself slightly wounded in the side. The battery was taken by the enemy, after firing sixteen rounds of canister.
Lt. Fessenden had himself been shot in the hip, but he assumed command. Battery H was overrun but Lt. Fessenden successfully rallied his troops, recaptured his artillery, and even took one gun of the Confederates. Lt. Fessenden kept the field and brought off the pieces but without their caissons as these had to be abandoned through lack of horses. While the battle ranged on Burnham survived for another two hours. In addition to Burnham, 42 men in his unit were either killed or wounded and more than one-third of the horses were shot that day.
Gen. John King dispatched the following in his report: I take this occasion to speak in the highest terms of the officers of Battery H, 5th Artillery, 1st Lieut. H. M. Burnham and 2d Lieutenants Israel Ludlow and J. A. Fessenden. The officers of this battery, finding it impossible to retire, remained with their pieces, firing, until they were forcibly taken from them by the enemy.
Family
Burnham was a descendant of Thomas Burnham (1617–1688) of Hartford, Connecticut, the first American ancestor of a large number of Burnhams. The descendants of Thomas Burnham have been noted in every American war, including the French and Indian war.
Roderick Henry Burnham, Esq. (February 27, 1816 – July 18, ?) of Longmeadow, Massachusetts, a member of the Massachusetts Legislature from (1861–1862) and Justice of the Peace, father
Katharine Livingstone Burnham (May 8, 1822 –?), daughter of Samuel Mather of Connecticut, a descendant of Rev. Richard Mather of Dorchester, Massachusetts
Emily Livingston Burnham (May 17, 1849 – November 10, 1871), sister.
Mather Howard Burnham (1870–1917), who became a spy for France in World War I, and Frederick Russell Burnham, the celebrated scout, (1861–1947) were his second cousins.
See also
Notes
Bibliography
1842 births
1863 deaths
People from Longmeadow, Massachusetts
Union Army officers
United States Army officers
People of Massachusetts in the American Civil War
Union military personnel killed in the American Civil War
Pipe Dreams is the tenth studio album by Murray Head. It was released in 1995.
Track listing
All songs composed by Murray Head unless noted.
"Who Loves You" (Bob Gaudio, Judy Parker) – 4:20
"Only a Pipe Dream" (Murray Head, Ian Maidman) – 6:09
"Prison Wall Blues" (Gus Cannon) – 3:54
"Si tu veux être un homme" (Head, Rudyard Kipling, Ian Maidman, André Maurois) – 6:53
"Shadows of the Truth" – 6:06
"Dancing Flamenco Alone" (Head, Maidman) – 5:49
"When They Found Eldorado" (Head, Maidman) – 4:56
"Is That All There Is?" (Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller) – 3:57
"Over the Hill" – 6:14
"Fair and Tender Ladies" (Traditional) – 6:51
"Hesitation Blues" (Rev. Gary Davis) – 3:15
"India Song" (Carlos d'Alessio, Marguerite Duras) – 4:21
"Sedentary Nomad" – 5:56
"Ca n'était que ça" – 5:16 (Caroline Cochaux, Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller)
Personnel
Murray Head – vocals, acoustic guitar
Ian Maidman – guitar, keyboards, drums, vocals, multi-instruments
Phil Palmer – guitar
Geoff Richardson – viola, slide guitar
Pinise Saul – solo vocal
Annie Whitehead – trombone, vocals
Paul Higgs – bagpipes, Northumbrian smallpipes
Steve Fletcher – piano, accordion, vocals
Jo Fletcher – vocals
Caroline Cochaux – vocals
Simon Jefferies - vocals
Philip Saatchi – vocals
Mitt Gamon – harmonica
External links
Pipe Dreams at the official Murray Head site.
[ Pipe Dreams] at Allmusic
Murray Head albums
1995 albums
Kosmos 803 ( meaning Cosmos 803) was a satellite which was used as a target for tests of anti-satellite weapons. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1976 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme, and used as a target for Kosmos 804 and Kosmos 814, as part of the Istrebitel Sputnikov programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket, from Site 132/2 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. The launch occurred at 13:00 UTC on 12 February 1976.
Kosmos 803 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 65.9 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.2 minutes. It was used for a non-destructive intercept test, with both Kosmos 804 and Kosmos 814 intercepting it before deorbiting themselves. As of 2009, it is still in orbit.
Kosmos 803 was the second of ten Lira satellites to be launched, of which all but the first were successful. It was the first Lira satellite to successfully reach orbit. Lira was derived from the earlier DS-P1-M satellite, which it replaced.
See also
1976 in spaceflight
References
1976 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1976
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Nina Rautio (born 21 September 1957) is a Russian operatic soprano.
Biography
For the first nineteen years of her life, Nina Rautio lived in Petrozavodsk (Republic of Karelia, Russia). To begin with, she graduated as a pianist from the Petrozavodsk School of Music, and then completed a Dual Degree, studying theory and singing at the K.E. Rautio Music College.
She began her operatic career in earnest in 1984, performing a number of leading roles as part of the Mikhaylovsky Theatre (formerly the Maly Opera Theatre) in St. Petersburg. After competing in the Tchaikovsky Competition she was invited to join the Bolshoi Theatre company.
One of the directors of the Bolshoi company, V.G. Milkov, offered this appraisal of Nina Rautio's talent: "She wields a voice possessed of the most radiant timbre, imbued with a wide palette of shades and hues, all underpinned by an acting ability of great resolve and persuasion". Renowned Russian music critic A.E. Hripin noted that "any classification of this soprano can only be tentative and provisional, for she combines all the colours and sounds feasible for a female voice, from the velvety contralto timbre of the lower register to the brilliant coloratura at the high end of her diapason. Her vocal range is unique – from Es3 to Es6. The lower, "chest" register envelops the ear, it's dense and resonant. The top is remarkable for its clear, silvery penetration. She combines tremendous virtuosity with incredible power..." ("SK", 06/10/1990).
She first sang in the West in 1991 when she travelled to the Metropolitan Opera, New York, and the Edinburgh festival with the Bolshoi Company.
In the early 1990s Nina relocated to London and has since performed across the world. She made many critically acclaimed appearances on the stage of the Royal Opera House, London, as Amelia ("Un Ballo in maschera"), as the eponymous heroine in "Aida", Desdemona in "Othello" (all under Daniele Gatti), as well as Abigaille in Verdi's "Nabucco"; performed "Aida" with Daniel Oren at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma; took on the title roles in "Tosca" and "Aida" for the New York Metropolitan Opera productions; sang the role of Lisa in Opera Bastille's production of "The Queen of Spades" (dir. A.S. Konchalovsky); appeared as Aida and performed the soprano solo part in Verdi's "Requiem", with Zubin Mehta conducting the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.
Back in Russia, Nina Rautio has been involved in a number of projects, such as the "Golden Voices of the Opera" festival in Moscow; the "Stars of the Operatic Stage" concerts, Moscow; the International M.D. Mikhailov Opera Festival in Chebokhsary; the "Aliabyevskaya Musikalnaya Osen" festival.
In 2002–2003, in the role of Artistic Director of the Musical Theatre of Karelia, Nina Rautio directed their production of Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana", as well as taking on the part of Santuzza.
Nina Rautio currently resides in the United Kingdom, London.
Roles
Italian
Amelia ("Un Ballo in Maschera" Giuseppe Verdi)
Elisabeth of Valois ("Don Carlos" Giuseppe Verdi)
Aida ("Aida" Giuseppe Verdi)
Leonora ("Il Trovatore" Giuseppe Verdi)
Аmelia ("Simone Boccanegra" Giuseppe Verdi)
Abigail ("Nabucco" Giuseppe Verdi)
Lady Macbeth ("Macbeth" Giuseppe Verdi)
Violetta ("La Traviata" Giuseppe Verdi)
Desdemona ("Otello" Giuseppe Verdi)
Manon Lescaut ("Manon Lescaut" Giacomo Puccini)
Tosca ("Tosca" Giacomo Puccini)
Maddalena de Coigny ("Andrea Chenier" Umberto Giordano)
Donna Anna ("Don Giovanni" Моzart)
Маtilda ("William Tell" Rossini)
Santuzza ("Cavalleria Rusticana" Mascagni)
Russian
Tatyana ("Eugene Onegin" Tchaikovsky)
Lisa ("Queen of Spades" Tchaikovsky)
Joan ("Maid of Orleans" Tchaikovsky)
Mariya ("Mazeppa" Tchaikovsky)
Oksana ("Christmas Eve" Rimsky-Korsakov)
Parasha ("Mavra" Stravinsky)
Pristess of Faust ("Quinto Fabio" Bortniansky)
Discography
CD and DVD
1992 — Puccini: Manon Lescaut, Sony Classical, Teatro alla Scala;
1993 — Tchaikovsky: Maid of Orleans, Warner Music Group;
1995 — The Puccini Experience, Conifer Records, Royal Opera House;
1996 — Tchaikovsky: Romances, 2 part, Conifer Records;
1996 — Tchaikovsky: Romances , 5 part, Conifer Records;
1996 — Rachmaninov: Romances, Conifer Records;
References
External links
Bravo "Don Carlo', San Francisco Chronicle
Online Encyclopedia
Chronology of Western Classical Music, Volume 2 1901–2000, Hall, Charles J.,
Nina Rautio's performance record on the Metropolitan Opera Database
Tchaikovsky's complete songs: a companion with texts and translations Sylvester, Richard D.,Indiana University Press, 2004.
Tchaikovsky's "The Maid of Orleans" (Russian version)
Debut in Metropolitan Opera (Russian version)
Agency Artistique
Сольный концерт Нины Раутио на сцене Большого зала консерватории в рамках фестиваля 'Золотые голоса мира в Москве'
Официальный портал органов государственной власти Республики Карелия
1957 births
Living people
Russian operatic sopranos
Saint Petersburg Conservatory alumni
People from Petrozavodsk
20th-century Russian women opera singers
21st-century Russian women opera singers
Morgan Valentine Spurlock (born November 7, 1970) is an American documentary filmmaker, humorist, television producer, screenwriter and playwright.
Spurlock's films include Super Size Me (2004), Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden? (2008), POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold (2011), Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope (2011), One Direction: This Is Us (2013) and Super Size Me 2: Holy Chicken! (2017). He was the executive producer and star of the reality television series 30 Days (2005–2008). In June 2013, Spurlock became host and producer of the CNN show Morgan Spurlock Inside Man (2013–2016). He is also the co-founder of short-film content marketing company Cinelan, which produced the Focus Forward campaign for GE.
Biography
Early life
Morgan Valentine Spurlock was born on November 7, 1970 in Parkersburg, West Virginia, and was raised in Beckley, West Virginia. His parents, Ben and Phyllis Spurlock, raised him as a Methodist. He has said he is of Scots-Irish and English descent.
Education
Spurlock was educated at Woodrow Wilson High School, a public high school in the city of Beckley, West Virginia. He graduated with a BFA in film from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 1993. He is a member of the fraternity Phi Gamma Delta.
Later life
Before making the 2004 Academy Award-nominated Super Size Me, Spurlock was a playwright, winning awards for his play The Phoenix at both the New York International Fringe Festival in 1999 and the Route 66 American Playwriting Competition in 2000.
He also created I Bet You Will for MTV. I Bet You Will begin as a popular Internet webcast of five-minute episodes featuring ordinary people doing stunts in exchange for money. Examples include eating a full jar of mayonnaise (US$235), eating a "worm burrito" (US$265), and taking shots of corn oil, Pepto-Bismol, lemon juice, hot sauce, cold chicken broth, and cod liver oil (US$450.00 for all nine shots). The webcast was a success, with over a million hits in the first five days. MTV later bought and aired the show, which Spurlock hosted. The list of documentary films that inspired Spurlock includes Brother's Keeper, Hoop Dreams, The Thin Blue Line, Roger and Me, Harlan County USA, and The Last Waltz. He considers Brother's Keeper the greatest documentary of all time. In 2008, he signed a deal with Fox Television Studios.
While attending a screening of the movie Catfish, Spurlock approached the film's producers afterwards and called Catfish "the best fake documentary" he had ever seen.
In 2017, Spurlock stepped down from his production company after admitting to having committed sexual misconduct in his past, including cheating on his past wives and girlfriends as well as settling a sexual harassment allegation.
Film
Super Size Me
Spurlock's docudrama Super Size Me was released in the U.S. on May 7, 2004. This production was later nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and Spurlock won the first Writers Guild of America Award for Best Documentary Screenplay. He conceived the idea for the film when he was at his parent's house for Thanksgiving, and while watching TV saw a news story about a lawsuit brought against McDonald's by two teenage girls who blamed the fast food chain for their obesity.
The film depicts an experiment he conducted in 2003, in which he ate three McDonald's meals a day every day (and nothing else) for 30 days. The film's title derives from one of the rules of Spurlock's experiment: he would not refuse the "super-size" option whenever it was offered to him but would never ask for it himself. The result, according to Spurlock, was a diet with twice the calories recommended by the USDA. Further, Spurlock attempted to curtail his physical activity to match the exercise habits better of the average American (he previously walked about 5 kilometers\3 miles a day, whereas the average American walks 2 kilometers\1.5 miles).
In his reply documentary Fat Head, Tom Naughton "suggests that Spurlock's calorie and fat counts don't add up" and noted Spurlock's refusal to publish the Super Size Me food log. The Houston Chronicle reports: "Unlike Spurlock, Naughton has a page on his Web site that lists every item (including nutritional information) he ate during his fast-food month."
He was of above average health and fitness when he started the project; he gained 25 pounds (11 kg), became quite puffy, and suffered liver dysfunction and depression by the end. Spurlock's supervising physicians noted the effects caused by his high-calorie diet—once even comparing it to a case of severe binge alcoholism. Following Spurlock's December 2017 assertion that he hadn't been "sober for more than a week" in three decades, the claims of his liver dysfunction being caused by eating McDonald's food solely for 30 days have been called into question.
After completing the project, it took Spurlock fourteen months to return to his normal weight of 185 pounds (84 kg). His then-girlfriend (now ex-wife), Alexandra Jamieson, took charge of his recovery with her "detox diet", which became the basis for her book, The Great American Detox Diet.
Spurlock released a sequel film, Super Size Me 2: Holy Chicken!, in 2017, to be distributed by YouTube Red, but was dropped since Spurlock's admission of sexual misconduct. Samuel Goldwyn Films distributed the film, instead, in September 2019.
Subsequent films
Spurlock's second feature documentary, Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden? premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2008. In the film, and in interviews, Spurlock explores the fight against terrorism and views the argument from both sides, in which he tries to find Osama Bin Laden.
Spurlock directed The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D! On Ice!.
Freakonomics is an adaptation of the book of the same name by Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner, which premiered in April 2010. Spurlock was at the helm of this project alongside five directors (Heidi Ewing, Rachel Grady, Alex Gibney, Seth Gordon and Eugene Jarecki).
The one-hour documentary Committed: The Toronto International Film Festival premiered on AMC on 12 October 2010.
The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is a 2011 documentary film about product placement, marketing and advertising which was reportedly itself financed through product placement. The Greatest Movie Ever Sold was shown at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2011. It was released in the US in April 2011. It screened in the New Zealand Film Festival in August 2011 together with an appearance by Spurlock to talk about the movie.
In mid-2010, Spurlock worked with Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator Joss Whedon, Ain't It Cool News founder Harry Knowles, and comic book creator Stan Lee to create the documentary Comic-Con Episode Four: A Fan's Hope, to cover the stories of convention fans. Whedon, Lee, and Knowles served as executive producers. Legendary Pictures' Thomas Tull, who independently financed the documentary, told Variety, "We look forward to capturing the spirit, energy and people that Comic-Con has infused into legions of fans, bringing these audiences and projects out of the halls and onto a world stage." On April 6, 2012, Spurlock released the film to selected theaters in the United States, as well as video on demand outlets.
Spurlock hosted and produced the CNN series Morgan Spurlock Inside Man, which aired from June 2013 to August 2016.
Spurlock helped distribute A Brony Tale, a documentary directed by Brent Hodge on the brony phenomenon and on the musician and voice acting career of Ashleigh Ball. The film was selected for theatrical distribution under the label Morgan Spurlock Presents. The film had a July 8, 2014 theater release.
Spurlock teamed up with Hodgee Films again on the 2015 series Consider the Source, in association with Disney's Maker Studios.
30 Days
In each episode, a person (sometimes Spurlock himself) or a group of people spend 30 days immersing themselves in a mode of life markedly different from their norm (being in prison, a devout Christian living in a Muslim family, a homophobe staying with a homosexual person, etc.), while Spurlock discusses the relevant social issues involved. FX began airing the show on June 15, 2005. In the premiere episode of the first season, "Minimum Wage", Spurlock and his fiancée lived for 30 days in the Bottoms neighborhood of Columbus, Ohio, earning minimum wage, with no access to outside funds.
In the second-season finale, Spurlock spent 25 days locked in a Henrico County, Virginia (a county outside of Richmond), jail to experience life as an inmate. He did not complete the entire 30 days in jail because the majority of inmates in the state of Virginia serve 85% of the sentence, so once Spurlock reached that benchmark, he was released.
The third season of 30 Days premiered on June 3, 2008. The first episode of the third season, titled "Working in a Coal Mine", was filmed in Bolt, West Virginia, which is located roughly from the city of Beckley, West Virginia, where Spurlock was raised before leaving for New York.
In late 2008, FX announced it would not renew the 30 Days series, making the third season the last.
Other work
Spurlock optioned the rights for Chris Mooney's book The Republican War on Science in order to create another documentary film, but released the option in 2008.
Spurlock has a role in the film Drive Thru, a horror film about a fictional fast food restaurant that has its mascot come to life and start killing people. It was released on DVD on May 29, 2007.
Spurlock presented 50 Documentaries to See Before You Die on Current TV. The show premiered on August 1, 2011.
On May 28, 2011, Spurlock was the graduation commencement speaker for the MBA Business program at Sonoma State University.
Spurlock's half-hour documentary series A Day in the Life was to debut on Hulu in mid-August 2011. It follows "incredibly focused" people such as Richard Branson and will.i.am for a full day. The series is exclusive to Hulu.
Spurlock directed an additional episode of ESPN's 30 for 30 sports documentary series, entitled "The Dotted Line". This documentary takes a look at the competitive world of sports agents. "The Dotted Line" premiered on ESPN October 11, 2011, one day following the premiere of a two-hour documentary, I, Caveman, created and directed by Spurlock for the Science Channel series Curiosity. In it, a group of men and women including Spurlock try to survive in the wild using only Stone Age technology.
In 2011, Spurlock presented a Ted talk called "The greatest Ted talk ever sold".
Spurlock is the presenter of a new show in the UK on Sky Atlantic entitled Morgan Spurlock's New Britannia. The show is a comedy based around the differences between the UK and the US.
Spurlock contributed a brief Foreword to Martin Lindstrom's 2011 book Brandwashed.
Spurlock's documentary Mansome was announced on March 8, 2012 as a Spotlight selection for the Tribeca Film Festival. The film takes a comedic look at male identity as defined through men's grooming habits featuring celebrity and expert commentary.
Spurlock directed the 3D concert film One Direction: This Is Us, starring the English-Irish boy band One Direction, and released August 30, 2013 by TriStar Pictures.
Spurlock wrote a book in 2005 as a follow-up to Super Size Me entitled Don't Eat This Book: Fast Food and the Supersizing of America.
Spurlock has a chapter giving advice in Tim Ferriss' book Tools of Titans.
Personal life
Spurlock has two sons. The older, Laken James Spurlock, was born on December 9, 2006. His birth is depicted in Spurlock's documentary Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden?, which Spurlock dedicated to Laken. The younger, Kallen Marcus Spurlock, was born on May 22, 2016.
Although he was raised Methodist, Spurlock stated in an interview with TV Guide in 2014 that he is now agnostic.
Sexual misconduct incidents
In December 2017, Spurlock wrote a blog post admitting to a history of sexual misconduct. After publishing his blog post, he stepped down from his position with Warrior Poets, a company he had founded in 2004.
Bibliography
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
"10 Questions for Morgan Spurlock" at Time
Morgan Spurlock judged The Film of the Month competition in February 2009 on the independent filmmakers networking site Shooting People.
Morgan Spurlock talks The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, Sundance 2011 – interview conducted by IndieWire
Theodora & Callum Interview with Morgan Spurlock
1970 births
Film directors from West Virginia
Film directors from New York (state)
American agnostics
American former Protestants
American people of English descent
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
American documentary film directors
Former Methodists
Living people
People from Beckley, West Virginia
People from Parkersburg, West Virginia
Businesspeople from New York City
Sundance Film Festival award winners
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Woodrow Wilson High School (Beckley, West Virginia) alumni
Writers from New York City
Writers from West Virginia
Writers Guild of America Award winners
Film directors from New York City
The 1923 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1923 college football season. In their second year under head coach Francis Schmidt, the Razorbacks compiled a 6–2–1 record (2–2 against SWC opponents), finished in fifth place in the SWC, and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 158 to 40.
Schedule
References
Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football seasons
Arkansas Razorbacks football
The 2005–06 OHL season was the 26th season of the Ontario Hockey League. The Canadian Hockey League adopted the new playing rules and enforcement recently adopted by the National Hockey League in efforts to speed up the game, and make it more exciting for fans. Twenty teams each played 68 games. The J. Ross Robertson Cup was won by the Peterborough Petes, who defeated the London Knights in the final.
Rule changes
Details of rule changes:
Goaltender trap zone - An area behind the net established to keep goalies from playing the puck in the corners. A violation results in a delay of game penalty.
Delay of game - Any player shooting the puck out of play from his defensive zone will be called for a 2-minute delay of game minor penalty.
Two–line passes - two–line passes (passes which cross one's own blue line and the redline before being received) are now permitted. The center red line will be used only to determine icing.
Shootouts - The shootout has eliminated the tie game. If a game is tied after regulation, a 5-minute, 4-on-4 sudden death period will occur. If the game is still tied after the extra frame, a shootout will occur. With the visiting team shooting first, the teams will alternate and should there be a winner following three shots (or sooner) by both teams, the game is over. However, if it remains tied, the shootout continues sudden death. The teams must go through their roster before allowing any player to take a second shot. The winning team in the shootout will receive one additional goal in the goals for stats, but all goals scored in the shootout do not affect personal stats for the players or goalies.
Regular season
Final standings
Note: DIV = Division; GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; PTS = Points; x = clinched playoff berth; y = clinched division title; z = clinched conference title
Eastern conference
Western conference
Scoring leaders
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Eastern conference quarterfinals
Western conference quarterfinals
Eastern conference semifinals
Western conference semifinals
Conference finals
J. Ross Robertson Cup finals
J. Ross Robertson Cup Champions Roster
All-Star teams
First team
Rob Schremp, Centre, London Knights
Mike Angelidis, Left Wing, Owen Sound Attack
Dave Bolland, Right Wing, London Knights
Andrej Sekera, Defence, Owen Sound Attack
Marc Staal, Defence, Sudbury Wolves
Adam Dennis, Goaltender, London Knights
Dave Barr, Coach, Guelph Storm
Second team
Wojtek Wolski, Centre, Brampton Battalion
Dylan Hunter, Left Wing, London Knights
Ryan Callahan, Right Wing, Guelph Storm
Ryan Parent, Defence, Guelph Storm
Patrick McNeill, Defence, Saginaw Spirit
Dan Turple, Goaltender, Kitchener Rangers
Dale Hunter, Coach, London Knights
Third team
Bryan Little, Centre, Barrie Colts
Ryan Hamilton, Left Wing, Barrie Colts
Mike Blunden, Right Wing, Erie Otters
Matt Lashoff, Defence, Kitchener Rangers
Michael Vernace, Defence, Brampton Battalion
Kevin Lalande, Goaltender, Belleville Bulls
Dick Todd, Coach, Peterborough Petes
CHL Canada/Russia Series
In the ADT Canada-Russia Challenge:
On November 24, the OHL All-stars defeated the Russian Selects 5–3 at Kitchener, Ontario.
On November 28, the OHL All-stars defeated the Russian Selects 5–1 at Peterborough, Ontario.
After these two games, the OHL had an all-time record of 6–0 against the Russian Selects since the tournament began in 2003–04.
Awards
2006 OHL Priority Selection
On May 6, 2006, the OHL conducted the 2006 Ontario Hockey League Priority Selection. The Sarnia Sting held the first overall pick in the draft, and selected Steven Stamkos from the Markham Waxers. Stamkos was awarded the Jack Ferguson Award, awarded to the top pick in the draft.
Below are the players who were selected in the first round of the 2006 Ontario Hockey League Priority Selection.
2006 CHL Import Draft
On June 28, 2006, the Canadian Hockey League conducted the 2006 CHL Import Draft, in which teams in all three CHL leagues participate in. The Toronto St. Michael's Majors held the first pick in the draft by a team in the OHL, and selected Kaspars Daugavins from Latvia with their selection.
Below are the players who were selected in the first round by Ontario Hockey League teams in the 2006 CHL Import Draft.
2006 NHL Entry Draft
On June 24, 2006, the National Hockey League conducted the 2006 NHL Entry Draft held at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia. In total, 29 players from the Ontario Hockey League were selected in the draft. Jordan Staal of the Peterborough Petes was the first player from the OHL to be selected, as he was taken with the second overall pick by the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Below are the players selected from OHL teams at the NHL Entry Draft.
See also
List of OHA Junior A standing
List of OHL seasons
2006 NHL Entry Draft
2006 Memorial Cup
2005 in sports
2006 in sports
References
HockeyDB
Ontario Hockey League seasons
OHL
Tabea Kemme (born 14 December 1991) is a German former professional footballer who last played for Arsenal of the FA Women's Super League. She also played for 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam for twelve years.
During her youth career and the first two seasons of her senior career, Kemme played as an attacker. She switched to more defensive playing positions while playing for Germany U-20 during the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. Two of Kemme's goals for 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam, both long-range shots, were included in the 10 best goals of the German Football Association's Women's Goal of the Season 2014–2015 shortlist.
Kemme combined her football career with her police studies at Brandenburg's police training college.
Early life
Kemme attended the Friedrich Ludwig Jahn Potsdam Sport School, which has an elite program for girls' football. The school has very close links with the FFC Turbine Potsdam club.
Club career
In 2006, Kemme started training and playing with the junior teams of FFC Turbine, progressing to the senior first team in 2008.
She joined Arsenal in July 2018. After persistent injuries, Kemme announced her retirement from professional football on 14 January 2020.
International career
Kemme's first involvement with the Germany women's national football team was in the squad of players selected for a 2013 UEFA Women's Championship qualifying match against Romania on 22 October 2011, but she did not play in the match.
Kemme made her international debut for Germany during their 8–0 win against Croatia on 27 November 2013, a match in Germany's FIFA Women's World Cup 2015 qualification campaign. She came on as a substitute for Leonie Maier, in the 76th minute. Kemme was selected for the German squad for the FIFA Women's World Cup 2015 and played 6 matches in the tournament.
She was one of Germany's starting full-backs for the 2016 Summer Olympics, starting and playing every minute of all but one match. Germany would go on to win the gold medal.
International goals
Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first:
Source:
Honours
Club
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam
UEFA Women's Champions League: 2009–10
Frauen-Bundesliga: 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12
DFB-Hallenpokal: 2009, 2010, 2013, 2014
DFB Women's Under-17 Championship: 2007–08
Arsenal
FA Women's Super League: 2018–19
International
Germany
FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup: 2010
UEFA Women's U-17 Championship: 2008
Algarve Cup: 2014
Summer Olympic Games: 2016
Police career
In 2012, Kemme began her studies as a police commissioner at the University of Applied Sciences of the Brandenburg Police, which she successfully completed in September 2017. Kemme completed the practical part in Oranienburg. The theory part took place in Potsdam and Oberhavel.
References
External links
Profile at DFB
Player German domestic football stats at DFB
1991 births
Living people
People from Stade
German women's footballers
German expatriate women's footballers
Germany women's international footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate women's footballers in England
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam players
Arsenal W.F.C. players
Women's association football defenders
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football forwards
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Olympic footballers of Germany
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in football
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic women's footballers of Germany
Footballers from Lower Saxony
Frauen-Bundesliga players
Women's Super League players
UEFA Women's Euro 2017 players
Mēness dejas is a 1995 album containing eight songs by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki as reinterpreted by Uģis Vītiņš. Originally found on four of the band's 1980s album releases, the songs have been re-arranged radically, and have had all the vocals re-recorded by the original vocalists.
Mēness dejas is notable as the band's first release on CD, and was done to meet the popular demand for a CD compilation of the band's hits. Thus, its concept could be compared to stopgap quasi-compilation releases from other synthpop artists like Kraftwerk's The Mix (1991) and Yello's 1980–1985 The New Mix in One Go (1986), both of which likewise contained newly recorded versions of previously released material.
Uģis Vītiņš went on to appear on the band's next album, Kaķis (2003) as well as played on Ingus Baušķenieks's solo tour (2004–2005). His brother Toms Vītiņš, who played bass and designed the cover, later also did the cover for the CD release of the album Alise.
Track listing
Side one
"Pastnieks trakais" – 5:52
"Mēness deja" – 6:20
"Kāpēc tu mani negribi" – 6:20
"Rudens pastaiga (Rudens limits)" – 6:07
Side two
"Svešā malā" (Svētki Rojā mix) – 6:32
"Mana vasara aiziet (kā vēlējies)" – 6:17
"Milžu cīņa" – 5:30
"Jaunais gads" – 4:55
Credits
Uģis Vītiņš - arrangements, programming, saxophone, management, production
Ģirts Bišs - additional arrangements, programming
Toms Vītiņš - bass arrangements, bass guitar, photography, artwork
Arnolds Kārklis - guitar arrangements, electric & acoustic guitars, second voice on track 8
Ingus Baušķenieks - voice on tracks 1, 4, 6, 7 & 8
Edīte Baušķeniece - voice on track 3
Viesturs Slava - voice on tracks 2, 3 & 5
Gatis Krūmiņš - trumpet
Nils Īle - congas on tracks 4 & 7
Tālis Timrots - recording and mix engineering
Release history
References
External links
Mēness dejas at Discogs
Dzeltenie Pastnieki albums
1995 remix albums
Ellis Lloyd was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1614.
Lloyd was the son of Robert Lloyd of Rhiwgoch and his wife Margaret Nanney, daughter of Hugh Nanney of Nannau, Dolgelly. In 1614, he was elected Member of Parliament for Merioneth.
Lloyd's daughter Jane married Henry Wynn later MP for Merioneth.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
People from Merionethshire
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1614
17th-century Welsh politicians
United Distillers was a Scottish company formed in 1987 from combining the businesses of Distillers Company and Arthur Bell & Sons, both owned by Guinness. The company owned six single malt Scotch brands, which were relaunched as the Classic Malts range. It also owned the Bernheim distillery (now owned by Heaven Hill) and the Stitzel-Weller distillery, both in Louisville, Kentucky in the United States.
In 1997 Guinness merged with Grand Metropolitan to create Diageo, and in 1998 United Distillers was merged with International Distillers & Vintners to create United Distillers & Vintners, forming the spirits division of Diageo plc.
In 2001 the company was renamed Guinness United Distillers & Vintners Scotland, and then renamed once again in 2002 to become Diageo Scotland (registered in Scotland, No. SC000750).
See also
Guinness share-trading fraud
References
External links
Company history on Diageo website
1987 establishments in Scotland
Drink companies of Scotland
Manufacturing companies based in Edinburgh
Companies established in 1987
Scottish malt whisky
Scandals in Scotland
Distilleries in Scotland
The Mevlana Mosque (; ) is a mosque in northwestern Rotterdam, Netherlands which serves mainly Turkish-Dutch Muslims. The mosque, named after Rumi, was built in 2001 and benefits from two minarets. The mosque was voted as Rotterdam's most attractive building in 2006.
See also
List of mosques in the Netherlands
References
Bibliography
.
.
External links
Official website
Buildings and structures in Rotterdam
Moorish Revival architecture
Mosques completed in 2001
Mosques in the Netherlands
Mosque buildings with domes
Vernacular architecture
The Lake Street Schlitz Tied House (also known as the La Lucé Building) is a four-story Queen Anne style building at 1393 W. Lake Street in Chicago's Near West Side. It is a Chicago Landmark.
History
The property on which the building stands was sold to Edward Uihlein in 1891 for $4,600. The building was built by Uihlein in 1892, and originally housed a Schlitz tied house, as well as apartments. It continued to house taverns for many years after. In 1989, La Lucé, a traditional Italian restaurant, opened in the building. Michael Jordan once had an office in the building.
La Lucé closed in 2016, and a demolition permit was requested. The permit was placed on a 90-day hold, because the building is orange rated in the Chicago Historic Resources Survey, signifying that it "possesses potentially significant architectural or historical features". The 90 day hold expired, but the building was not demolished. It was sold to developers on August 7, 2020. A demolition permit was issued on November 30, 2020. However, a 90-day demolition delay hold was issued on December 2. The Commission on Chicago Landmarks unanimously adopted a preliminary landmark designation for the building on April 1, 2021. The Chicago City Council voted to designate the building a Chicago Landmark on July 21, 2021.
References
1892 establishments in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Chicago
Houses completed in 1892
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Chicago Landmarks
Elżbieta Szemplińska née Sobolewska (born April 29, 1910, in Warsaw, died April 27, 1991, in Warsaw) was a Polish poet and prose writer.
She studied law at University of Warsaw. Her first pieces of prose were published in 1926 in the paper Robotnik. In 1932 she published her first full-length novel "Narodziny człowieka" (Birth of a Man). In 1939, after the Soviet occupation of Lwów she was the editor of the Lwów collaborationist quarterly "Almanach Literacki" (Literary Almanac), an organ of the "Sojuz Pisatielej" (Writers' Soviet) of the Soviet Union. In 1946 she was part of the diplomatic corps for the People's Republic of Poland in Luxembourg. Between 1946 and 1962 she resided in Western Europe. She came back to Warsaw in 1962.
1910 births
1991 deaths
Wang Minhui (born 28 October 1960) is a Chinese water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Chinese water polo coaches
China men's national water polo team coaches
Water polo coaches at the 2008 Summer Olympics
List of all villages and towns in Rajura Taluka of Chandrapur district, Maharashtra India.
A
Aheri
Annur
Antargaon
Antargaon Kh.
Arvi
B
Babapur
Bamanwada
Bambezari
Belampur
Berdi
Bhadangpur
Bhedoda
Bhendala
Bhendvi
Bhurkunda Kh.
Bhurkunda Bk
Botgaon
C
Chanakha
Chandanwahi
Charli
Chinchala
Chinchbodi
Chincholi Bk.
Chincholi Kh.
Chirud
Chunala
D
Dewada
Dhanora
Dhidsi
Dongargaon
G
Ghotta
Goraj
Gowari
Goyegaon
H
Hardona Bk.
Hardona Kh.
Hirapur
Hirapur
I
Isapur
J
Jamani
Jogapur
K
Kadholi Bk.
Kakadghat
Kalamana
Kapangaon
Kawadgondi
Kawathala
Kawitpeth
Kelzar
Khairgaon
Khambada
Khamona
Khirdi
Kinebodi
Kochi
Kohapara
Kolgaon
Kostala
Kurli
L
Lakkadkot
M
Mangaon
Mangi Bk
Mangi Kh.
Manoli Bk.
Manoli Kh.
Marda
Mathara
Murti
Muthara
N
Nalphadi
Navegaon
Nimbala
Nirli
Nokari Bk.
Nokari Kh.
P
Pachgaon
Panchala
Pandharpauni
Pauni
Pellora
Pendhari
R
Rajura
Rampur
Ranvelli
Ruyad
S
Sakhari
Sakharwahi
Satri
Shirsi
Siddheshwar
Sindi
Sindola
Sonapur
Sondo
Sonurli
Subai
Sukadpalli
Sumthana
T
Tembhurwahi
Tulana
Tummaguda
U
Umarzara
V
Vihirgaon
Vihirgaon
W
Wangi
Waroda
WarurRoad
Wirur Station
Y
Yergavhan
References
See also
Rajura taluka
Chandrapur district
Lists of villages in Maharashtra
Club Deportivo Arnedo is a football team based in Arnedo in the autonomous community of La Rioja. Founded in 1949, it plays in the Segunda División RFEF – Group 2. Its stadium is Sendero with a capacity of 5,000 seats.
History
In the 2017-18 season the club finished in the 13th position in the Tercera División, Group 16.
Season to season
2 seasons in Segunda División B
1 season in Segunda División RFEF
30 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
Famous players
Antonio Güembe
References
External links
Futbolme team profile
Profile on proyectos.larioja.com
Football clubs in La Rioja (Spain)
Association football clubs established in 1949
1957 establishments in Spain
Lingua Libre is an online collaborative project and tool by the Wikimedia France association, which aims to build a collaborative, multilingual, audiovisual corpus under free license.
Description
Lingua Libre enables to record words, phrases or sentences of any language, oral (audio recording) or signed (video recording).
Words are presented to the speaker in the form of a list, created on the spot or in advance, or reusing an existing Wikimedia category. The speaker simply reads the word displayed on the screen, and the software moves on to the next word when it detects a silence after the read word. This principle, borrowed from the open source software Shtooka recorder with the help of its creator, Nicolas Vion, makes it possible to record several hundreds of words per hour. The recordings are then uploaded automatically from the web client to the Wikimedia Commons media library.
In spring 2021, Lingua Libre was offline due to a fire in Strasbourg, but no audio recordings were lost.
Use of the recordings
The recordings can be consulted either on Lingua Libre or on Commons. They are mainly used on other Wikimedia projects, for example to illustrate entries on Wiktionaries or proper nouns in Wikipedia articles.
The re-use of the recordings in a language teaching context is envisaged. Language learners can freely download pronunciations and use them on GoldenDict, a popular dictionary Software. Thus, audio recordings can be used as “Pronunciation Dictionaries” on GoldenDict without needing internet connection.
The recordings are also reused in Natural Language Processing projects, for example to drive Mozilla's DeepSpeech speech recognition engines.
Versions
Lingua Libre was initiated on January 23, 2015 and has had three successive versions:
Lingua Libre v.1 (2016)
As part of the Languages of France project, which aims to document and promote the regional languages of France on Wikimedia and Internet projects in general, the conception of Lingua Libre started in November 2015, partly funded by the DGLFLF (General Delegation for the French language and the languages of France). The first version of the project is launched in August 2016. Only suitable for audio recording, Lingua Libre is shown during a workshop on Occitan language in December 2016, and then presented to the online Wikimedia community and at international events in 2017.
Lingua Libre v.2 (2018)
A complete rebuilding is launched at the end of 2017. The new version of Lingua Libre is based on MediaWiki, uses Wikibase and OAuth to better integrate into the Wikimedia environment. The interface is translated via Translatewiki.net so that the project can be used by a large number of communities. The new version of the site is ready in June 2018 and opens to the public in August 2018.
Lingua Libre v.2.2 (2020)
In 2020, important changes are made to the platform; a new look is developed especially for the site, the .org domain replaces the .fr domain used until then. Lingua Libre now supports signed language through video recording.
Statistics
In the first two years of the project's launch, approximately 10,000 recordings were made. The transition to v.2 is accompanied by a sharp increase in the contribution. The number of recordings is multiplied by 10 in less than a year, exceeding the 100,000 thresholds in May 2019. These recordings were made by 127 speakers in almost 50 languages. By September 2020, the platform had more than 300,000 recordings in 90 languages with more than 350 speakers. The 500,000 recordings milestone was reached in June 2021, thanks to 540 speakers of 120 languages.
See also
Forvo
Common Voice
GoldenDict
References
External links
Free software
MediaWiki websites
Wikis
Language documentation
Corpus linguistics
Linguistics
2016 software
Creative Commons-licensed databases
Örtülü, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 33 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Chimaobinna Enyiakanwanne Onyele (born 6. November 1972, in Frankfurt, Germany), known by the stagename Chima ([t͡ʃiːma]) is a German singer based in Frankfurt. A member of Brothers Keepers, since 2012 he has recorded as a solo artist for Universal Music.
Life
Chima's parents moved in the 1960th from Nigeria to Germany. He was born in 1972 in Frankfurt, where he graduated from the Ernst-Reuter-School. Afterwards he has studied Sociology.
Discography
Albums:
2002: Reine Glaubenssache
2005: Im Rahmen der Möglichkeiten
2012: Stille
2014: Von Steinen und Elefanten
Singles:
2001: Ich leb das
2002: Lass los
2005: Wundervoll
2006: Immer noch
2012: Morgen
2012: Ausflug ins Blaue
2012: Fliegen
2014: 100 Elefanten
2014: Das große Schweigen (exclusive on Spotify)
References
1972 births
Living people
21st-century German male singers
Musicians from Frankfurt
Wends ( ; ; , ; ; ; , ) is a historical name for Slavs living near Germanic settlement areas. It refers not to a homogeneous people, but to various peoples, tribes or groups depending on where and when it was used. In the modern day, communities identifying as Wendish exist in Slovenia, Austria, Lusatia, Texas, and Australia.
In German-speaking Europe during the Middle Ages, the term "Wends" was interpreted as synonymous with "Slavs" and sporadically used in literature to refer to West Slavs and South Slavs living within the Holy Roman Empire. The name has possibly survived in Finnic languages ( , , ), denoting Russia.
People termed "Wends" in the course of history
According to one theory, Germanic peoples first applied this name to the ancient Veneti, and then after the migration period they transferred it to their new neighbours, the Slavs.
For the medieval Scandinavians, the term Wends (Vender) meant Slavs living near the southern shore of the Baltic Sea (Vendland), and the term was therefore used to refer to Polabian Slavs like the Obotrites, Rugian Slavs, Veleti/Lutici and Pomeranian tribes.
For people living in the medieval Northern Holy Roman Empire and its precursors, especially for the Saxons, a Wend (Wende) was a Slav living in the area west of the River Oder, an area later entitled Germania Slavica, settled by the Polabian Slav tribes (mentioned above) in the north and by others, such as the Sorbs and the Milceni, further south.
The Germans in the south used the term Winde instead of Wende and applied it, just as the Germans in the north, to Slavs they had contact with; e.g., the Polabians from Bavaria Slavica or the Slovenes (the names Windic March, Windisch Feistritz, Windischgraz, or Windisch Bleiberg near Ferlach still bear testimony to this historical denomination). The same term was sometimes applied to the neighboring region of Slavonia, which appears as Windischland in some documents prior to the 18th century.
Following the 8th century, the Frankish kings and their successors organised nearly all Wendish land into marches. This process later turned into the series of crusades. By the 12th century, all Wendish lands had become part of the Holy Roman Empire. In the course of the Ostsiedlung, which reached its peak in the 12th to 14th centuries, this land was settled by Germans and reorganised.
Due to the process of assimilation following German settlement, many Slavs west of the Oder adopted the German culture and language. Only some rural communities which did not have a strong admixture with Germans and continued to use West Slavic languages were still termed Wends. With the gradual decline of the use of these local Slavic tongues, the term Wends slowly disappeared, too.
Some sources claim that in the 13th century there were actual historic people called Wends or Vends living as far as northern Latvia (east of the Baltic Sea) around the city of Wenden. Henry of Livonia (Henricus de Lettis) in his 13th-century Latin chronicle described a tribe called the Vindi.
Today, only one group of Wends still exists: the Lusatian Sorbs in present-day eastern Germany, with international diaspora.
Roman-era Veneti
The term "Wends" derived from the Roman-era people called in , or ; in . This people are mentioned by Pliny the Elder and Ptolemy as inhabiting the Baltic coast.
History
Rise (500–1000)
In the 1st millennium AD, during the Slavic migrations which split the recently formed Slav ethnicity into Southern, Eastern and Western groups, some West Slavs moved into the areas between the Rivers Elbe and Oder - moving from east to west and from south to north. There they assimilated the remaining Germanic population that had not left the area in the Migration period. Their German neighbours adapted the term they had been using for peoples east of the River Elbe before to the Slavs, calling them Wends as they called the Venedi before and probably the Vandals also. In his late sixth century work History of Armenia, Movses Khorenatsi mentions their raids into the lands named Vanand after them.
While the Wends were arriving in so-called Germania Slavica as large homogeneous groups, they soon divided into a variety of small tribes, with large strips of woodland separating one tribal settlement area from another. Their tribal names were derived from local place names, sometimes adopting the Germanic tradition (e.g. Heveller from Havel, Rujanes from Rugians). Settlements were secured by round burghs made of wood and clay, where either people could retreat in case of a raid from the neighbouring tribe or used as military strongholds or outposts.
Some tribes unified into larger, duchy-like units. For example, the Obotrites evolved from the unification of the Holstein and Western Mecklenburg tribes led by mighty dukes known for their raids into German Saxony. The Lutici were an alliance of tribes living between Obotrites and Pomeranians. They did not unify under a duke, but remained independent. Their leaders met in the temple of Rethra.
In 983, many Wend tribes participated in a great uprising against the Holy Roman Empire, which had previously established Christian missions, German colonies and German administrative institutions (Marken such as Nordmark and Billungermark) in pagan Wendish territories. The uprising was successful and the Wends delayed Germanisation for about two centuries.
Wends and Danes had early and continuous contact including settlement, first and mainly through the closest South Danish islands of Møn, Lolland and Falster, all having place-names of Wendish origin. There were also trading and settlement outposts by Danish towns as important as Roskilde, when it was the capital: 'Vindeboder' (Wends' booths) is the name of a city neighbourhood there. Danes and Wends also fought wars due to piracy and crusading.
Decline (1000–1200)
After their successes in 983 the Wends came under increasing pressure from Germans, Danes and Poles. The Poles invaded Pomerania several times. The Danes often raided the Baltic shores (and, in turn, the Wends often raided the raiders). The Holy Roman Empire and its margraves tried to restore their marches.
In 1068/69 a German expedition took and destroyed Rethra, one of the major pagan Wend temples. The Wendish religious centre shifted to Arkona thereafter. In 1124 and 1128, the Pomeranians and some Lutici were baptised. In 1147, the Wend crusade took place in what is today north-eastern Germany.
This did not, however, affect the Wendish people in today's Saxony, where a relatively stable co-existence of German and Slavic inhabitants as well as close dynastic and diplomatic cooperation of Wendish and German nobility had been achieved. (See: Wiprecht of Groitzsch).
In 1168, during the Northern Crusades, Denmark mounted a crusade led by Bishop Absalon and King Valdemar the Great against the Wends of Rugia in order to convert them to Christianity. The crusaders captured and destroyed Arkona, the Wendish temple-fortress, and tore down the statue of the Wendish god Svantevit. With the capitulation of the Rugian Wends, the last independent pagan Wends were defeated by the surrounding Christian feudal powers.
From the 12th to the 14th centuries, Germanic settlers moved into the Wendish lands in large numbers, transforming the area's culture from a Slavic to a Germanic one. Local dukes and monasteries invited settlers to repopulate farmlands devastated in the wars, as well as to cultivate new farmlands from the expansive woodlands and heavy soils, with the use of iron-based agricultural tools that had developed in Western Europe. Concurrently, a large number of new towns were created under German town law with the introduction of legally enforced markets, contracts and property rights. These developments over two centuries were collectively known as the (German eastward expansion). A minority of Germanic settlers moved beyond the Wendish territory into Hungary, Bohemia and Poland, where they were generally welcomed for their skills in farming and craftsmanship.
The Polabian language was spoken in the central area of Lower Saxony and in Brandenburg until around the 17th or 18th century. The German population assimilated most of the Wends, meaning that they disappeared as an ethnic minority - except for the Sorbs. Yet many place names and some family names in eastern Germany still show Wendish origins today. Also, the Dukes of Mecklenburg, of Rügen and of Pomerania had Wendish ancestors.
Between 1540 and 1973, the kings of Sweden were officially called kings of the Swedes, the Goths and the Wends (in Latin translation: kings of Suiones, Goths and Vandals) (). After the Danish monarch Queen Margrethe II chose not to use these titles in 1972 the Swedish monarch, Carl XVI Gustaf also chose only to use the title King of Sweden" (), thereby changing an age-old tradition.
From the Middle Ages the kings of Denmark and of Denmark–Norway used the titles King of the Wends (from 1362) and Goths (from the 12th century). The use of both titles was discontinued in 1973.
Legacy
The Wendish people co-existed with the German settlers for centuries and became gradually assimilated into the German-speaking culture.
The Golden Bull of 1356 (one of the constitutional foundations of the German-Roman Empire) explicitly recognised in its Art. 31 that the German-Roman Empire was a multi-national entity with "diverse nations distinct in customs, manner of life, and in language". For that it stipulated "the sons, or heirs and successors of the illustrious prince electors, ... since they are expected in all likelihood to have naturally acquired the German language, ... shall be instructed in the grammar of the Italian and Slavic (i.e. Wendish) tongues, beginning with the seventh Year of their age."
Many geographical names in Central Germany and northern Germany can be traced back to a Slavic origin. Typical Slavic endings include -itz, -itzsch and -ow. They can be found in city names such as Delitzsch and Rochlitz. Even names of major cities like Leipzig and Berlin are most likely of Wendish origin.
Today, the only remaining minority people of Wendish origin, the Sorbs, maintain their traditional language and culture and enjoy cultural self-determination exercised through the Domowina. The third minister president of Saxony Stanislaw Tillich (2008–2017) is of Sorbian origin, being the first head of a German federal state with an ethnic minority background.
The Texas Wends
In 1854, the Wends of Texas departed Lusatia on the Ben Nevis seeking greater liberty, in order to settle an area of central Texas, primarily Serbin. The Wends succeeded, expanding into Warda, Giddings, Austin, Houston, Fedor, Swiss Alp, Port Arthur, Mannheim, Copperas Cove, Vernon, Walburg, The Grove, Bishop, and the Rio Grande Valley.
A strong emphasis on tradition, principles, and education is evident today in families descendant from the Wendish pioneers.
Today, thousands of Texans and other Americans (many unaware of their background), can lay claim to the heritage of the Wends.
Other uses
Historically, the term "Wends" has also occurred in the following contexts:
Until the mid-19th-century German-speakers most commonly used the name Wenden to refer to Slovenes. This usage is mirrored in the name of the Windic March, a Medieval territory in present-day Lower Carniola, which merged with the Duchy of Carniola by the mid 15th century. With the diffusion of the term slowenisch for the Slovene language and Slowenen for Slovenes, the words windisch and Winde or Wende became derogatory in connotation. The same development could be seen in the case of the Hungarian Slovenes, who used to be known under the name "Vends".
It was also used to denote the Slovaks in German-language texts before c. 1400.
The German term "Windischland" was used in the Middle Ages for the historical Kingdom of Slavonia (in Croatia). The terms Veneta, Wenden, Winden etc were used in reference to the westernmost Slavs in the 1st and 2nd century CE, as a reference to the name of the earlier tribes of Veneti.
See also
Sukow-Dziedzice group
Northern March
Limes Saxoniae
Kashubians
Drevani
Wendland
Slovincians
Baltic Slavic piracy
Sorbs
Czech people
Slovenes
Wendish question
References
Further reading
External links
Sorbian Cultural Information
Texas Wends
Australian Wends
Texas Wendish Heritage Society
Wendish Research Exchange
Early Slavs
Historical ethnic groups of Europe
Lechites
Sorbs
Wendland
West Slavic history
Public housing in Puerto Rico is a subsidized system of housing units, mostly consisting of housing projects (, , or ), which are provided for low-income families in Puerto Rico. The system is mainly financed with programs from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the US Department of Agriculture USDA Rural Development. As of 2020, there were 325 public housing developments in Puerto Rico.
Introduction
Neighborhoods in Puerto Rico are often divided into three types: barrio, , and (public housing).
An is a type of housing where land is developed into lots, often by a private developer, and where single-family homes are built. Non single-family units, such as condominiums and townhouses fall into this category.
Public housing, on the other hand, are housing units built with government funding. These have traditionally consisted of multi-family dwellings in housing complexes: in a (neighborhood) or in a also called a (public housing). This is housing where all exterior grounds are shared areas. Increasingly, public housing developments that look like garden apartments are being built.
Finally, a home that is located in neither an nor of a public housing development is said to be located in a barrio.
In Puerto Rico, a barrio also has a second and official meaning- the geographical area into which a municipality of Puerto Rico is divided for administrative purposes. In this sense, urbanizaciones, public housing developments, as well as one or several "barrios" in the popular sense of the word, may be located in one of the 902 official geographic areas which are seen on the Puerto Rico US Census records.
History
By the early 1940s was addressing the issue of subpar housing in Puerto Rico. A law passed in Puerto Rico in 1945 allowed housing agencies to clear slum areas (). One of the provisions of the US Housing Act of 1949 did the same. As a result of the 1949 law, agencies in Puerto Rico sent plans for the construction of (housing) to Washington, DC for approval and by August 1952, the building of 9,890 new units across Puerto Rico had been authorized.
Law 93-383 passed by the US Congress on August 22, 1974 for the improvement of residences, included Puerto Rico.
The Puerto Rico Department of Housing, created in 1972, succeeded the Urban Renewal and Housing Corporation, or (CRUV, its Spanish acronym), which was created in the late 1950s to succeed the Puerto Rico Housing Authority, created by Gov. Luis Muñoz Marín and headed by Juan César Cordero Dávila, to consolidate several state and municipal housing agencies.
Puerto Rico Housing and CRUV were responsible for the design and construction of many of the older "residenciales" in Puerto Rico.
The first three public housing developments, Ponce De Leon, Santiago Iglesias and Caribe, are located in the city of Ponce. Henry Klumb provided early support for those efforts and one of his protégés, George McClintock was the first Architect-in-Chief of Puerto Rico Housing in the early-to-mid 1950s.
Klumb's designs are the 1945 design work for the Cataño, San Lorenzo, Lares and Aguadilla Puerto Rico Housing projects, Naranjito Public Housing Project in 1957, Comerío Public Housing Project in 1958, and Residencial Las Virtudes, designed and built between 1969 ad 1976. Klumb had previously done work for several municipal housing agencies, including Mayagüez' and Ponce's.
In 1973, José Enrique Arrarás became the first Secretary of Housing. He was appointed by Gov. Rafael Hernández Colón.
In 1993, then governor Pedro Rosselló had the Puerto Rico National Guard doing security work at some of the public housing areas where crime, related to drug trafficking, was most prevalent.
Since their construction, there have been many occasions when families are evicted en masse, and the buildings are demolished to make space for the erection of some new type of housing, that doesn't resemble "public housing".
Organization
As of 2020, there were 325 public housing developments in Puerto Rico under the Puerto Rico Public Housing Authority (PRPHA) and being managed by Management Agents. Operating funds are provided by HUD for tenant rent subsidizing and for the construction, acquisition, maintenance, and operations of public housing projects, which are in turn administered by several entities throughout the island called Public Housing Agencies (PHAs).
The main Public Housing Agency in Puerto Rico is the Public Housing Administration (Administración de Vivienda Pública, or AVP, in Spanish) under the Puerto Rico Department of Housing (Departamento de Vivienda in Spanish). Other Public Housing Agencies include certain municipalities which are authorized by HUD and commonwealth law to operate housing projects independent of the main state PHA. All PHAs can contract a Management Agent (usually a for-profit enterprise) to manage the day-to-day operations, including processing tenant complaints, housing unit repairs, and overall project maintenance.
HUD also allows private non-profit organizations and for-profit enterprises to manage housing projects as PHAs, offering program funding and tax incentives (Tax Credit Projects) in order to compensate for operating costs. However, these types of public housing projects are not as common in Puerto Rico as those that are managed by the state.
The PHA is responsible for providing adequate living arrangements for program tenants, in compliance with Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) (formerly Housing Quality Standards (HQS)) set by HUD. Additionally, the PHA must manage all federal funds received in an efficient and reasonable way, in compliance with HUD prescribed guidelines and with Chapter 24 of the US Code of Federal Regulations (CFR). Management Agents are also required to comply with these standards. The USDA provides federal loan programs (including direct loans or loan guarantees) to PHAs for the construction of new public housing projects or acquisition of existing living complexes to convert into public projects.
The address of a is not a street name but the name of the building itself. For example, an address at Residencial Luis Llorens Torres, with more than 2000 units, would have an address such as "23 Res Llorens Torres, San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00924-1234" for apartment number 23.
Eligible tenants
The tenant rent subsidizing system allows low-income and impoverished individuals and families to reside in a subsidized housing unit just as long as their income status complies with federal regulations. Families wanting to participate must first be included on a waiting list, which includes all citizens applying for subsidized housing by order of application date. Families must therefore "wait their turn" for eligibility as the PHA selects families by that order, a process which in Puerto Rico may take several years. Applicants must provide evidence of low-income status (HUD recommends a copy of a filed income tax return) and are given a housing unit for which HUD will subsidize its rent.
Criticism
Supporters of the system argue that the average annual income per person in Puerto Rico of $12,000 (2004), a figure which is much lower than in the United States, explains why a relatively larger portion of the island population participates in the system.
Criticism of public housing in Puerto Rico includes that these types of dwellings are, by nature, a breeding ground for crime.
In a small 2014 study of the female incarcerated population of Puerto Rico, they lived in either a "barrio", or public housing before their incarceration.
List of public housing in PR
The following is a list Puerto Rico Public Housing Authority (PRPHA) low-rent units, managed by municipalities, and by private, non-profit and for-profit agents, with some providing a computer room with internet access and library to its residents. As of March 28, 2020, there were 325 projects (with 53828 units) and 4 protects being constructed (with 174 units) for a total of 54002 units.
These, approximately, 54000 units are managed by Management Agents - A & M Contract, Inc., American Management, Cost Control Company, Inc., Individual Management and Consultant, Inc., Inn-Capital Housing Division, J. A. Machuca & Assoc., M. J. Consulting & Dev., Inc., Martinal Property Corp., MAS Corporation, Mora Housing Management, Inc., and S. P. Management, Corp., as follows:
Public Housing Authorities
Public Housing Authorities are government agencies designated by the US Department of Housing and Urban Development to administer federally subsidized housing units, which are known as Section 8 housing.
Source: Public Housing Agency (HA) Profiles, US Department of Housing and Urban Development
Gallery
See also
Public housing
Section 8 (housing)
References
Further reading
Klumb: An Architecture of Social Concern, 2006, UPR Press,
External links
US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) official website
US Department of Agriculture (USDA) official website
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA), official website which provides information on all US domestic federal programs, including those of HUD and the USDA
OMB Circular A-133 of the United States Office of Management and Budget, which provides details and insight on HUD program operations and compliance requirements.
200 Press Releases for "Puerto Rico + public housing" on DEA website
Welfare in Puerto Rico
Tunuyán Department is a department located on the eastern border of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 42,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Tunuyán, which is located around from the Capital Federal.
Districts
Campo de los Andes
Colonia Las Rosas
El Algarrobo
El Totoral
La Primavera
Las Pintadas
Los Árboles
Los Chacales
Los Sauces
Tunuyán
Villa Seca
Vista Flores
External links
Municipal Website (Spanish)
Populated places established in 1880
Departments of Mendoza Province
1880 establishments in Argentina
Guillaume François-Gabriel Lépaulle (21 January 1804, Versailles28 August 1886, Aÿ) was a French painter associated with the Barbizon school. He painted landscapes historical works and genre scenes, although his best known works are portraits.
Biography
He was a student of Jean-Baptiste Regnault, Horace Vernet and Jean-Victor Bertin at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts. His debut at the Paris came in 1824, with a scene depicting the invention of the lyre. Over the next few years, he became a regular annual contributor, with a profusion of subjects, based on his extensive travels to Spain, Italy, North Africa and Turkey. He also exhibited at the Exposition Universelle (1855)
Despite these scenes, ranging from the tragic to the picturesque, to the humorous, most were judged to have little merit. His high regard stems largely from his portraits, in the gallery at the Palace of Versailles, representing Napoléon III, Admiral Henri de Rigny, (Duc de Plaisance) and many other prominent figures.
He is also known for his decorative paintings at the churches of Saint-Merri and Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, as well as designing costumes for a performance of Robert le Diable, by Giacomo Meyerbeer, at the Paris Opera in 1835. The genre painter, , is one of his more notable students.
His works may be seen at the Bibliothèque-musée de l'Opéra, Musée des Arts Décoratifs, and the Musée de l'Histoire de France
Sources
Gustave Vapereau, Dictionnaire universel des contemporains, 5th ed., Paris, Hachette, pg. 1144
External links
More works by Lépaulle @ ArtNet
"François-Gabriel Lépaulle " @ the Base Joconde
François-Gabriel Lépaulle, peintre (1804-1886) by Monique Collet @ Google Books
A later photograph of Lépaulle
1804 births
1886 deaths
19th-century French painters
French portrait painters
French landscape painters
French genre painters
Decorative arts
French costume designers
People from Versailles
Ceanothus caeruleus is a species of Ceanothus shrub first described by Mariano Lagasca y Segura. Ceanothus caeruleus is part of the genus Ceanothus and the family Rhamnaceae.
References
caeruleus
Sideroxylon lanuginosum is a shrub or small tree of the family Sapotaceae. It is native to the Sun Belt and Midwest of the United States as well as Northeastern Mexico. Common names include gum bully, black haw, chittamwood, chittimwood, shittamwood, false buckthorn, gum bumelia, gum elastic, gum woolybucket, woolybucket bumelia, wooly buckthorn, wooly bumelia, ironwood and coma.
The fruit of Bumelia lanuginosa is edible but can cause stomach aches or dizziness if eaten in large quantities. The Kiowa and Comanche tribes both consumed them when ripened. Gum from the trunk of the tree is sometimes chewed by children.
Subspecies
Sideroxylon lanuginosum subsp. lanuginosum (syn. Bumelia lanuginosa, Bumelia rufa)
Sideroxylon lanuginosum subsp. oblongifolium (Nutt.) T.D.Penn. (syn. Sideroxylon lanuginosum ssp. albicans)
Sideroxylon lanuginosum subsp. rigidum (A.Gray) T.D.Penn.
References
External links
lanuginosum
Plants described in 1803
Trees of the North-Central United States
Trees of the Southwestern United States
Trees of the Southern United States
Trees of the South-Central United States
Trees of Northeastern Mexico
Trees of the Southeastern United States
Trees of the Great Lakes region (North America)
Kemerköy, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Long Island City High School, commonly abbreviated L.I.C. or LICHS, is a public high school in Long Island City, Queens, New York City. The present building was built in 1995. The school had an enrollment of around 2,500 in 2015.
Demographics
As of the 2013–2014 school year, Long Island City High School was 62% Hispanic/Latino, 15% Asian, 12% black and 10% white.
Background
The school, which serves grades 9 through 12, is a part of the New York City Department of Education, and has an overall 59% graduation rate which includes special education students and ESL (English as a Second Language) students. The highest graduation rates in the past few years have been the class of 2010 with 70% and the class of 2011 with 89%.
Long Island City High School has a significant population of first-generation immigrants as students.
The school also has award-winning courses in music and culinary arts. The Music department consist of various levels of strings, orchestra, band, and choir. The orchestra, band and choir have all been recognized by NYSSMA, the New York State Music Association, as well as individual students in classes such as Opera and strings. The Celebrity Chef Bobby Flay has visited this school to shoot his show Throwdown with Bobby Flay. Each year, culinary program graduates win thousands of dollars in scholarships to well-known culinary academies like CIA. The PSAL organization recently refurbished the football field, which is used by teams all over the city for everything from Lacrosse to Soccer to Football The field has recently undergone a major renovation, in part due to the generosity of PSAL and the New York Jets. LICHS Gymnastics teams have won several citywide championships, the most recent being in the 2013 and 2014 school years. Alumni have attended Ivy League schools, as well as State University of New York, City University of New York, and parochial post-secondary institutions.
The former principal, William Bassell, has won the Americans for the Arts award and several other awards for this support of the arts in education. He has opened the new LIC building, replacing the original building on 41st Avenue and 28th Street (see Newcomer High School) which has 2 large gyms, a dance studio, a custom made culinary cooking kitchen for cooking classes, and an Olympic sized swimming pool. The current principal, Vivian Selenikas, was a network leader for the NYCDOE before returning to LICHS, where she had been an assistant principal years before.
Long Island City High School has over a dozen AP Classes, Opera and Orchestra, Dance and Theater, Visual Arts, and over eight Foreign Languages. It also has over 20 multicultural and interdisciplinary clubs, over 20 sports teams and a growing ARISTA (National Honor Society) chapter. The gymnastics program has won multiple citywide championships. Graduates have won football and baseball scholarships, as well as invitations to join major league baseball.
Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corp.
The High School includes an Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps Program (JROTC).
The BullDog Battalion, JROTC Program, was first established in 2002.
The School's Army JROTC, "Bulldog Battalion" drill team, Sons of Liberty & Daughters of Liberty, are both National High School level Champions in the National High School Drill Team Championships. The JROTC was able to achieve an honor unit with distinction award and has since held that achievement.
The Drill Team has been invited to many events such as, escorting Mayor Bloomberg during his term and Color Guard for New York Giants football games in the past. The most notable event they participated in was in 2008. The Sons of Liberty & Daughters of Liberty drill teams, both teams were chosen over every school in the nation by Ashanti to perform with her and Ja Rule on Good Morning America.
Mission statement
The school's mission statement is as follows:
Long Island City High School provides a resoundingly high level educational experience to all students. As a school with a successful history in preparing youngsters for achievement in the twenty-first century, Long Island City High School ensures that all its students take the courses which challenge their minds to the utmost. In addition to encouraging four years of study in math, science, and foreign language, we encourage active study of art, music, culinary arts, and technology. Consequently, students supplement the traditional academics and athletics with a healthy balance of aesthetic activities.
Notable alumni
George Onorato (1946), former Democratic New York State Senator
Al Bianchi (1950), former NBA basketball coach.
Michael N. Gianaris (1988), Democrat NY State Senator
Willie Sims (born 1958), American-Israeli basketball player
References
External links
Long Island City High School BullDog Battalion
Public high schools in Queens, New York
School buildings completed in 1995
Long Island City
Brigid Kehoe Doyle is a former camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award and an Ireland medal in 1968, 1969 and 1975 and a National League in 1968.
Family background
She is one of three sisters from Clonleigh who won All Ireland medals together in 1975 alongside Kit Codd and team captain Gretta Quigley. Brigid captained the '69 team. Two other sisters, Annie and Josie both played on Wexford's 1968 All Ireland winning team, and two more, seven in all, also played inter-county for Wexford.
References
Living people
Wexford camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Edward Penn (3 January 1923 – 1968) was a Kenyan sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1923 births
1968 deaths
Kenyan male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Kenya
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Rolf Svensson (born 29 June 1935) is a Swedish archer. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1935 births
Living people
Swedish male archers
Olympic archers of Sweden
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
20th-century Swedish people
21st-century Swedish people
Kim Sung-hwan (; born 15 December 1986) is a South Korean football who plays as a defensive midfielder for K3 League side Hwaseong.
Club career
Kim Sung-hwan would play college football at Dong-A University in Busan where he initially started as a forward before being converted into a defender and go on to sign his first contract in 2009 with top tier football club Seongnam FC. The Head coach Shin Tae-yong showed significant faith within Kim and immediately incorporated him as a significant part of the teams defence that ended the 2009 K League season as runners-up to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. Already an integral part of the team Kim would win his first piece of silverware when Seongnam won the 2010 AFC Champions League Final against Zob Ahan. This was followed with the 2011 Korean FA Cup, in a 1-0 victory against Suwon Samsung Bluewings.
The 2012 K-League season would see Seongnam struggle within the campaign and they finished in a disappointing twelfth within the league as well as flirting with relegation, which saw Shin Tae-yong leave the club and be replaced by An Ik-soo. The new manager allowed Kim to be transferred to another top tier club in Ulsan Hyundai. At his new club Kim immediately established himself as regular and guided the club to a runners-up position at the end of the 2013 K League Classic season. From 2015 to 2016 he played for Sangju Sangmu as part of his compulsory two-year military duty. With the club allowed to participate within the Korean football pyramid system, Kim was part of the side that won the 2015 K League Challenge and promotion to the top tier.
Kim would return to Ulsan where he would go on to win the 2017 Korean FA Cup against Busan IPark, however despite this he was allowed to leave the club on a free transfer to Thai football club Port F.C. for the start of the 2018 Thai League 1 season. The following season he joined another Thai club in Suphanburi on loan before joining Chinese football team Liaoning Shenyang Urban. Kim would join top tier Chinese club Henan Jianye and go on to make his debut in a league game against Dalian Professional F.C. on 3 September 2020 in a 4-0 defeat.
Career statistics
.
Honors
Club
Seongnam FC
AFC Champions League: 2010
Korean FA Cup: 2011
Sangju Sangmu
K League 2: 2015
Ulsan Hyundai
Korean FA Cup: 2017
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football defenders
South Korean footballers
South Korea international footballers
Seongnam FC players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Gimcheon Sangmu FC players
Liaoning Shenyang Urban F.C. players
Henan Songshan Longmen F.C. players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
K3 League players
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Expatriate footballers in China
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in China
Sportspeople from Busan
Bisgood is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bert Bisgood (1881–1968), English cricketer, brother of Eustace
Eustace Bisgood (1878–1958), English cricketer
Jeanne Bisgood (born 1923), English golfer, daughter of Bert
Turtel Onli (born January 25, 1952 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American artist, entrepreneur, author, art therapist, educator, and publisher.
Over Onli's career, his work has touched upon a variety of disciplines in fine and applied visual art, producing works in painting, drawing, illustration, publishing, fashion, and multimedia production. Onli has authored and illustrated numerous comic books and graphic novels, including NOG, Protector of the Pyramids, Malcolm 10, Nog Nu and Grammar Patrol. He is known as "the Father" of the "Black Age of Comics," a movement dedicated to the promotion, creation, and support of Afrocentric comic books and graphic novels. Onli coined the term "Rhythmism" to define and interpret his stylizations, which fuse primitive and futuristic concepts. A public school art teacher, now retired, Onli worked in the Chicago Public Schools for more than two decades.
Biography
Education
Onli graduated from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago with a Bachelor of Fine Arts. He later returned to the Art Institute and earned a Master of Arts in Art Therapy. His education includes studies in Paris, France, at The Sorbonne and the Centre Georges Pompidou.
Career
In 1970, Onli founded the Black Arts Guild (BAG), which featured touring art exhibitions and published work by its members. In 1974, in conjunction with BAG, he published Funk Book and a series of greeting cards. In 1980, he co-published a zine called PAPER with the Osun Center of the Arts. In the early 1980s he created five issues of another early comics zine, Future Funk.
Onli's illustration clients include Playboy Magazine, Chicago Magazine, Avant Garde Magazine, McDonald's, Motown Productions, Holt, Rinehart & Winston, MODE magazine, and Paris Métro magazine. His work is in the collections of Miles Davis, Alice Coltrane, the Chicago Children's Museum (The Rhythmistic Bench), and Johnson Publishing Company.
Onli has been a visiting artist at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
In 2005, Onli curated "Reverend Phillips and Turtel Onli: An Artistic and Spiritual Legacy," at the Center for the Visual and Performing Arts in Munster, Indiana, an exhibition featuring the visionary charts created by his late grandfather, the Rev. Samuel David Phillips, and Onli's own Rhythmistic paintings.
In 2010 he opened the new Onli Studios at the Bridgeport Arts Center in Chicago.
Comics
Throughout his career, Onli has created Afrocentric Rhythmistic-powered characters who tap into humanity's innate attraction to exaggeration, the supernatural, and pseudo-theological mythology. They represent Onli's belief in the ideal of the powerful defending the weak. He uses the "hero vs. villain" paradigm as his vehicle for reaching beyond “perceived” norms.
Onli's character NOG, Nubian of Greatness, one of the earliest Afrocentric comic book characters, was featured in the Chicago Defender, starting in 1979, before transitioning to the comic book NOG, Protector of the Pyramides from 1981-82. NOG returned in NOG is Back!! in 1994 and Nog Nu!! in 2011.
Black Age of Comics
In 1993, Onli spearheaded the inaugural Black Age of Comics convention at the Southside Community Arts Center in Chicago, where it was held for three consecutive years. Black Age of Comics Conventions have since been held in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Detroit; with Philadelphia's annual ECBACC being the most prominent. Other recent Black Age of Comics conventions were held in Chicago's Bridgeport Arts Center and Kenwood Academy.
Educator
From 1984 to 1989 Onli worked as an art therapist with young people in Chicago's Robert Taylor Homes.
Onli worked as an art instructor in the Chicago Public Schools.
Onli has taught at Columbia College Chicago, and is currently an adjunct professor of Art Appreciation & Drawing at Harold Washington College.
Onli is also the Founder of B.A.G the Black Arts Guild where his “Rhythmistic” style and approach provides a futuristic think tank for young emerging artist to evolve in various mediums.
Honors and awards
2006: Glyph Comics Awards Pioneer Award — for bringing positive, diverse images to the world of graphic novels and comic books
Work
Bibliography
NOG: Protector of the Pyramides (self-published, 1981–1982)
Future Funk (BAG, 1980s)
Malcolm 10 (self-published, 1992)
Sustah-Girl (Castel Publications, 1993) — with Cassandra Washington
Grammar Patrol (Castel Publications, 1994) — with Cassandra Washington
Nog is Back (self-published, 1994)
The Origins of Team Blanga: Heroes of the Black Age (Onli Studios, 2007) — includes an original CD soundtrack by Hardy Headz
Let's Go Green in the City (Onli Studios, 2008)
Sasa (Onli Studios, 2010)
Nog Nu!! (Onli Studios, 2011)
East/West Zodiac & Journal (Onli Studios) — with Kocao Winbush
The Legend of the AZANIAC
Exhibitions
1977: Second World Festival of Black and African Art and Culture (FESTAC) (Lagos, Nigeria) — group show
1991: Prairie Avenue Gallery (Chicago, Illinois) — "The Return of Watermelon: The Redefining of a Stereotype" — group show
2001: The African American Cultural Center (Chicago)
2005: Center for the Visual and Performing Arts (Munster, Indiana) — “Reverend Phillips and Turtel Onli: An Artistic and Spiritual Legacy”
2007: "Cool Globes: Hot Ideas for a Cooler Planet Chicago" group show — "It'z A Rhythmsitic World." Never Boring!!!“
2011: Tubman African American Museum (Macon, Georgia) — "Afro Futurism in the Visual Arts" — group show
2011: ETA Creative Arts Foundation (Chicago) — “Passion Fruit: The Other Chicago Black Movement” — solo exhibition
2013: DuSable Museum of African American History (Chicago) — "AFRICOBRA: Art and Impact" — group show
2015: Harold Washington Library Center (Chicago) — Rhythmistic Journey: The Art Enterprises of Turtel Onli
2020: Hyde Park Arts Center (Chicago) "Rhythmistic Residency"
References
Notes
Sources consulted
Chicago Sun-Times (Apr. 17, 1981).
Lacher, Irene. "Comics Open the Door to Minority Heroes," Chicago Sun-Times (28 Nov 1993), p. 18.
Wisconsin State Journal (Jan. 31, 1994).
Irvine, Martha. "Giving drawing power to black heroes: A handful of artists, some self-published, cross racial-ethnic lines in comic books," Associated Press (07 Sept. 1999).
Jennings, John and Duffy, Damian, curators. Other Heroes: African American Comic Book Characters and Archetypes (art exhibition catalog), (Other Heroes, 2007).
Onli, Turtel. "The Black Age of Comics 101: A Brief History by a Founder," Chicago Art Magazine (Oct 15, 2010).
Richardson, Clem. "Super Heroic Fest Will Highlight African-American Comic Book Pioneers," New York Daily News (10 Jan 2013), p. 39.
External links
Onli website
"The Art of Turtel Onli," Onli's blog
Onli profile, Lambiek Comiclopedia. Accessed May 20, 2013.
Onli profile, PocketCon 2013 official website. Accessed May 20, 2013.
Onli profile, ArtFacts.net
Onli web page, African American Cultural Center at the University of Illinois at Chicago
Cool Globes Public Art Exhibition
The Black Age of Comics website
“Rhythmistic Residency #1 HPAC July 22nd 2020", Rhythmistic Residency Vimeo
Hyde Park Arts Center Residency HPA.ORG official website. Accessed July 2020.
"Rhythmistic Residency #2 HPAC July 29th 2020", Rhythmistic Residency Vimeo
African-American comics creators
American comics creators
American comics artists
Living people
1952 births
Artists from Chicago
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Howard School may refer to numerous institutions:
United States
Howard School (Brownsburg, Indiana), listed on the NRHP in Boone County, Indiana
Howard School (Warrensburg, Missouri), NRHP-listed
Howard School (Forsyth, Montana), NRHP-listed
Howard School (Atlanta), Georgia
Howard Junior High School, Prosperity, South Carolina, listed on the NRHP in Newberry County, South Carolina
Howard School of Academics and Technology, Chattanooga, Tennessee
United Kingdom
The Howard School, Kent
See also
Howard High School (disambiguation)
Howard University, a federally chartered, private, coeducational, nonsectarian, historically black university in Washington, D.C., USA
The Hofbräuhaus am Platzl is a beer hall in Munich, Bavaria, Germany, originally built in 1589 by Bavarian Duke Maximilian I as an extension of the Staatliches Hofbräuhaus in München brewery. The general public was admitted in 1828 by Ludwig I. The building was completely remodeled in 1897 by Max Littmann when the brewery moved to the suburbs. All of the rooms except the historic beer hall ("Schwemme") were destroyed in the World War II bombings. The reopening of the Festival Hall in 1958 marked the end of the post-war restoration work.
History
William V, Duke of Bavaria found the beer in Munich bad so he imported beer from Saxony. He eventually asked his royal court to find a solution. A local brewery followed in 1589.. It is also a place in where Nazi Germany dictator Adolf Hitler made a speech founding the National Socialist German Workers' Party, or the Nazi Party.
Features
The restaurant comprises most of the Hofbräuhaus am Platzl, which also includes a ballroom and outdoor Wirtsgarten. Its menu features such traditional favorites of Bavarian cuisine as Brezn (soft pretzel), Obatzda (cheese dip), Hax'n, and sausages such as Bratwurst and Weisswurst. Brews include Helles and Dunkles served in a Maß, Weißbier, and wine.
Munich's largest tourist attraction after the Oktoberfest, the Hofbräuhaus am Platzl is also frequented by locals, many of whom keep their personal steins stored there. During regular hours traditional Bavarian music is played. The famous Hofbräuhaus song (Hofbräuhaus-Lied), composed in 1935 by Wilhelm "Wiga" Gabriel, goes: "In München steht ein Hofbräuhaus, eine, zwei, g'suffa! ("There's a Hofbräuhaus in Munich—one, two, down the hatch!" in the local dialect).
Innkeepers
1885–1896: Martin Ammerloher
1897–1906: Joseph Wittmann
1906–1919: Karl Mittermüller
1919–1930: Hans Parzer (during Hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic)
1930–1945: Hans Bacherl (during Nazi rule in Germany and WWII)
1945–1950: Valentin Emmert (during Post-war)
1950–1960: Franz Trimborn (during completion of reconstruction)
1960–1970: Toni Steiner
1970–1980: Hans Glanegger
1980–2004: Michael and Gerda Sperger
2004–present: Wolfgang and Michael Sperger
Famous patrons
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart lived around the block from the beer hall in the late eighteenth century. In a poem he wrote, Mozart claimed to have written the opera Idomeneo after several visits to the Hofbräuhaus fortified him for the task. In the nineteenth century, most of the breweries in Munich, including the Hofbräuhaus, were converted into large beer halls, restaurants, and entertainment centers with large, cavernous meeting rooms for weddings, concerts, and plays. In the period just before World War One, Vladimir Lenin lived in Munich and reportedly visited the Hofbräuhaus on a regular basis. In 1919, the Munich Communist government set up headquarters in the beer hall, and in February 1920 Adolf Hitler and the National Socialists held their first meeting in the Festsaal, the Festival Room, on the third floor.
On 24th February 1920, Hitler presented the Nazi Party's Twenty Five Point Programs in the Hofbräuhaus. On that day, the Nazi party held a large public meeting and whilst Hitler was speaking, the meeting erupted into a melee. There was a massive fight between the Social Democrat and Communist opponents of the Nazi party, whose thugs eventually won the melee. Hitler managed to finish his address, notwithstanding the chaos of smashed tables and chairs and hurled beer mugs all about him. On 4 November 1921 the Hofbräuhaus was also the birthplace of the later feared Nazi street fighting organization, the Sturmabteilungen, or SA.
After Munich's world-famous Oktoberfest (where the Hofbräu has one of the largest beer tents), the Hofbräuhaus am Platzl is Munich's most outstanding tourist attraction and historical monument. Other famous visitors include Marcel Duchamp, Thomas Wolfe, Louis Armstrong, Mikhail Gorbachev, NASA astronauts, and past American Presidents John F. Kennedy and George H. W. Bush.
See also
Hofbräu-Festzelt
Hofbräukeller
References
External links
Official Website
Old Town City Panorama—Panoramic view at the Hofbräuhaus am Platzl
Virtual Tourist articles
Beer gardens in Germany
Buildings and structures completed in 1607
Buildings and structures in Munich
Culture in Munich
Drinking establishments in Germany
German beer culture
Historicist architecture in Munich
Tourist attractions in Munich
The 2013 Kroger 200 was a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race held on October 26, 2013 at Martinsville Speedway in Ridgeway, Virginia. Contested over 200 laps, the race was the nineteenth of the 2013 season. Bubba Wallace of Kyle Busch Motorsports won the race. Brendan Gaughan finished second and Jeb Burton finished third.
Race
Bubba Wallace led 96 laps in winning the race, becoming the first African American driver to win in the Camping World Truck Series, and the first African American driver to win in a NASCAR national touring series since Wendell Scott won a Grand National Series race, the 1964 Jacksonville 200, at Speedway Park in Jacksonville on December 1, 1963.
Results
Standings after the race
Source:
References
Kroger 200
Kroger 200
NASCAR races at Martinsville Speedway
The Columbus Blue Jackets are an American professional ice hockey team based in Columbus, Ohio. They play in the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team joined the NHL in 2000 as an expansion team. The Blue Jackets have played their home games at the Nationwide Arena since their inaugural season. The franchise is owned by John P. McConnell and Jarmo Kekalainen is their general manager.
There have been 10 head coaches for the Blue Jackets franchise. The team's first head coach was Dave King, who coached for three seasons. Ken Hitchcock coached the team to its first playoff appearance. Scott Arniel was the head coach of the Blue Jackets from 2010 through 2012. Todd Richards was named interim head coach on January 9, 2012, and would remain with the team for more than 3½ seasons. John Tortorella became the head coach on October 21, 2015, and left the team following the 2020–21 season with the Blue Jackets' highest winning percentage (.568).
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Blue Jackets. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Before the 2005–06 season, the NHL instituted a penalty shootout for regular season games that remained tied after a five-minute overtime period, which prevented ties.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NHL season.
References
General
Specific
Columbus Blue Jackets head coaches
Head coaches
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Sayō, Sayō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Harima-Tokusa Station is served by the Kishin Line, and is located 42.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Harima-Tokusa Station opened on July 30, 1935. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987, the station came under the aegis of the West Japan Railway Company.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 91 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Sayo Town Hall Nanko Branch
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Station Official Site
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Kishin Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Sayō, Hyōgo
The 1948 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1948 college football season. This was the only of head coach Allyn McKeen's nine seasons that did not end in a winning record for the Maroons. Despite the strong record—his .764 (65–19–3) winning percentage is the best in school history—McKeen was fired after the season. The Maroons, who had won seven or more games in six of McKeen's nine seasons, did not post another seven-win season until 1963.
Schedule
The Clemson matchup was mentioned in a Jerry Clower comedy sketch in the 1974 Country Ham album.
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
The Missing Picture () is a 2013 Cambodian-French documentary film directed by Rithy Panh about the Khmer Rouge. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it won the top prize. It was also screened in the World Cinema section at the 2013 Cinemanila International Film Festival where it won the Grand Jury Prize. It won the Lumières Award for Best Documentary at the 21st Lumières Awards and was nominated for the César Award for Best Documentary Film at the 41st César Awards.
Overview
This film recreates the atrocities of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge between 1975-1979 through animation, archival footage, and clay diorama figurines handcrafted by sculptor Sarith Mang. Rithy Panh was born in 1964, and at the age of 11 experienced first-hand the upheaval of the Khmer-Rouge takeover. Panh escaped to Thailand and later immigrated to France and enrolled in Cinema Studies and made a career in cinema. His filmography centered around the Khmer-Rouge, focusing on the genocide and the impact on Cambodia. Panh is searching for truth as he explains the process of a loss of cultural identity and how systematically Khmer-Rouge came to power and how the loss of culture impacted Cambodian's everyday lives. Khmer-Rouge sought to re-educate Cambodians and purify them in revolutionary Socialism. Panh lost many family members, including his parents and his siblings and nephews. Panh claims he made this film to "find his childhood." He states "And my childhood returns. Now it is the boy who seeks me out. I see him. He wants to speak to me. But words are hard to find." In the film he describes seeing his father waste away, wanting to die rather than face the indignities of the brutal regime. The Khmer-Rouge erased identity and culture. Every citizen became a number and no longer had a name. Most Cambodians succumbed to exhaustion and starvation, but approximately 1.5 to 3 million people were killed. Rithy Panh uses the clay figurines to recreate the missing picture from his childhood. The visual novelty of the documentary resides in the first-person narration, which is given with the help of little clay figurines. Miniatures tell the story of hunger, fear, torture, death, dream and hope. They are set in the jungle, in rice fields, in private houses or in schools. This narrative device is brilliant, because it conjures up so many aspects of Panh's youth. Clay figurines, like lead soldiers, are childhood toys, a childhood that Panh is seeking, "unless my childhood is seeking me." Panh also states "I seek my childhood like a lost picture," Douc says on his behalf in the film's opening voiceover. "Or rather, it seeks me." With "The Missing Picture," Panh sought—and found—his own hard-earned truth."
The Missing Picture seeks to provide the visuals for an era lost. Most of the films and photographs from prior to 1975 were destroyed. Nearly every camera after 17 April 1975, the day the Communists took Phnom Penh, was destroyed, as cameras were seen as an instrument of lies and propaganda by the new regime. Those images of dances, birthdays, evidence of human times, were gone forever. "Panh believes deeply in cinema and the restorative, communicative power of moving images.
The ultimate insult, then, is to see how the Khmer Rouge's version of cinema was a total lie, a neutered version of events meant to sell the revolution to communist elites around the world – "those in Paris" as the voiceover angrily puts it – who directly or tacitly supported the Khmer Rouge and accepted at face value its covered-up monstrosity." "At times Panh's memory sickness is too colored with middle-class naivety: the pre-crisis era in Cambodia was much more complicated, of course, than the blissfully dancehall world he recreates with clay (he acknowledges as much by pointing out how the Khmer Rouge manipulated real class issues to gain power)."
Today, Panh actively teaches and mentors Cambodian filmmakers. In 2006 he started the Audiovisual Center Bophana. Audiovisual Center Bophana was opened on 4 December 2006 in Phnom Penh Cambodia. Partnering with the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Cambodian Ministry of Culture and Fine Arts, the National Audiovisual Institute, the Thomson Foundation for the Cinematic and Television Heritage, The International Francophonie Organization, The French Ministry of Culture and Communication; The National Center for the Cinema and UNESCO, the Center not only collects images and sounds of the Cambodian memory and makes them available to a wide public, but also trains Cambodians in the audiovisual professions by welcoming foreign film productions and its own artistic projects.
The film was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards. Approximately half of the film is news and documentary footage, while the other half uses clay figurines to dramatise what happened in Cambodia when Pol Pot came to power.
Cast
Randal Douc as the narrator (original French version)
Jean-Baptiste Phou (English version)
Reception
The Missing Picture has an approval rating of 99% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 88 reviews, and an average rating of 8.26/10. The website's critical consensus states, "Thrillingly unorthodox and emotionally searing without being didactic, The Missing Picture is a uniquely poignant documentary -- and so much more". It also has a score of 87 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 23 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
See also
List of submissions to the 86th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Cambodian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
2013 films
2013 documentary films
French documentary films
Cambodian documentary films
Documentary films about the Cambodian genocide
2010s French-language films
Films directed by Rithy Panh
2010s French films
Tullberg's woodpecker (Campethera tullbergi) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in western Cameroon, adjacent Nigeria and Bioko island.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorates the Swedish zoologist Tycho Fredrik Hugo Tullberg (1842-1920).
References
Further reading
External links
Avibase
Tanzania Birds
AVoCet
Tullberg's woodpecker
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Tullberg's woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bereket is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 135 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Cupressus cashmeriana, the Bhutan cypress or Kashmir cypress, is a species of evergreen conifer native to the eastern Himalaya in Bhutan and adjacent areas of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India. [ Now in vulnerable category, IUCN list retrieved in 2006 ]. It is also introduced in China and Nepal. It grows at moderately high altitudes of .
Description
Cupressus cashmeriana is a medium-sized to large tree growing tall, rarely much more, with a trunk up to diameter. The foliage grows in strongly pendulous sprays of blue-green, very slender, flattened shoots. The leaves are scale-like, 1–2 mm long, up to 5 mm long on strong lead shoots; young trees up to about 5 years old have juvenile foliage with soft needle-like leaves 3–8 mm long.
The seed cones are ovoid, 10–21 mm long and 10–19 mm broad, with 8–12 scales, dark green, maturing dark brown about 24 months after pollination. The cones open at maturity to shed the seed. The pollen cones are 3–5 mm long, and release pollen in early spring.
A tree of tall has recently been reported, but the measurements await verification.
Conservation
The natural populations of this species are fragmented. There are few occurrences and they contain few large individuals. Cypress wood is in demand locally.
Cultivation
Cupressus cashmeriana is widely grown horticulturally as an ornamental tree, both within its native region and internationally in temperate climates. It is planted in private gardens and public parks, although generally regarded as sensitive to drought and wind. Many of the plants available outside of its native range are named cultivars, selected for particular forms, textures, or foliage colours, such as very pendulous branching or shoots, a fastigiate or columnar shape, or a particularly bright blue or silvery glaucous foliage.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit (confirmed 2017). It is fully hardy only in relatively mild or coastal areas of the UK.
Some healthy specimens have been reported in Canberra, Australia.
Symbolism
The Bhutan cypress is the official national tree of Bhutan, where it is often associated with Buddhist religious places. It has been widely planted around Vihara monasteries and Buddhist temples there for centuries.
Notable specimen
A notable specimen of Cupressus cashmeriana is situated in front of the palace on Isola Madre, the largest of the Borromean Islands in Lake Maggiore. The seeds for the tree were sent back from the Himalayan region by a correspondent of the Borromeo family, William B. Pentland, in June 1862. By 1915, the Isola Madre specimen was noted as the best in Northern Italy and measured 60 ft. high, 6 ft. in girth, its branches covering an area of over 35 paces in circumference. In 2006, a fierce storm on the night of 28 June knocked the tree down, necessitating a multi-disciplinary effort to save it. A team of gardeners, engineers, and cable workers worked to stabilise the tree, which is the largest specimen in Europe and then weighed 70 tons with a trunk 8 metres in diameter.
References
cashmeriana
Flora of East Himalaya
National symbols of Bhutan
Plants described in 1867
Trees of temperate climates
Garden plants of Asia
Ornamental trees
Gürçayır is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Cyanea is a genus of jellyfish, primarily found in northern waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and southern Pacific waters of Australia and New Zealand, there are also several boreal, polar, tropical and sub-tropical species. Commonly found in and associated with rivers and fjords. The same genus name has been given to a genus of plants of the Hawaiian lobelioids, an example of a parahomonym (same name, different kingdom).
Species
The taxonomy of Cyanea species has seen increased scrutiny in recent years. Early zoologists suggested that all species within the genus should be treated as one. Recent molecular and integrative taxonomic studies have refuted this assertion as the scyphozoan community has restored many of the previous species. For example, in the North Sea, the lion's mane jellyfish and the blue jellyfish appear as distinct species. On the East Coast of the United States there are at least two co-occurring species, C. fulva and C. versicolor. Cyanea may be a species complex of recently diverged species.
Cyanea annasethe Haeckel, 1880
Cyanea annaskala von Lendenfeld, 1882
Cyanea barkeri Gershwin, Zeidler & Davie, 2010 [nomen dubium]
Cyanea buitendijki Stiasny, 1919
Cyanea capillata Linnaeus, 1758
Cyanea citrea Kishinouye, 1910
Cyanea ferruginea Eschscholtz, 1829
Cyanea fulva Agassiz, 1862
Cyanea lamarckii Péron & Lesueur, 1810
Cyanea mjöbergi Stiasny, 1921
Cyanea muellerianthe Haacke, 1887
Cyanea nozakii Kishinouye, 1891
Cyanea postelsi Brandt, 1835
Cyanea purpurea Kishinouye, 1910
Cyanea rosea Quoy & Gaimard, 1824
Cyanea tzetlinii Kolbasova & Neretina, 2015
Cyanea versicolor Agassiz, 1862
References
Cyaneidae
Scyphozoan genera
Değirmenözü is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
"Jesus" is a song by Austrian rock musician Helmut Grabher, under the alias Jeremy Faith, released as a single in June 1971 from his album Lord. It was a hit in several European countries and was later covered by Cliff Richard, who had a minor hit with it.
Charts
Certifications
Cliff Richard version
Release
Richard released his version in February 1972 with the B-side "Mister Cloud" which was written by songwriting duo Guy Fletcher and Doug Flett. It was produced by Nick Ingman, credited on the record as 'An NP [Norrie Paramor] production by Nick Ingman'. Ingman also arranged the song and it features his orchestra.
Richard has said "I didn't record a gospel song for a long time after I became a Christian. And Jesus was the first one I did. I was convinced that it would be wrong for me just to record a single – religious sort of gospel content single – just because I was a Christian. And I wanted very much to be sure that it was a good song. And I waited a long time for that particular song, Jesus. But when it came, I instantly knew I had to record that one. We spent a bit of time on it too, of course, and did a, you know, did some phasing on it and gave it some effect. And I must say, I was really quite pleased with the recording".
However, after it failed to be particularly successful, Richard said that "somehow it seems very difficult for people to accept me with a gospel single. Everybody else can make them but somehow whenever I do, the motive or intention is held suspect. A number of BBC producers would not play Jesus because of the title although they are perfectly prepared to plug a Hari Krishna [sic] or Maharishi inspired song".
Track listing
7": Columbia / DB 8864
"Jesus" – 4:15
"Mister Cloud" – 3:45
Charts
References
Cliff Richard songs
1971 singles
1972 singles
1971 songs
Songs written by Michel Berger
Decca Records singles
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Song recordings produced by Michel Berger
Songs about Jesus
The Electoral district of Pastoral District of Murrumbidgee was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor. It was a new electorate created in 1851 by the expansion of the Legislative Council to 54, 18 to be appointed and 36 elected. The district is located in the west of the state and was named after the Murrumbidgee River. Polling was to occur in the towns of Tumut, Gundagai, Albury, Wagga Wagga, Moulamein and Yass.
In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorate of Murrumbidgee.
Members
Election results
1851
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
St. Francis Academy was an all-girls' Catholic senior high school in southern San Antonio, Texas.
The Sisters of Saint Francis opened the school in 1960. The school closed in 2002, due to financial issues. It was the fifth Catholic school to be scheduled to close in a 10-year period ending in January 2002. After Saint Francis shut down, there were two all-girls' Catholic high schools remaining in San Antonio. After the closure of St. Francis the girls of southern and western San Antonio no longer had their own Catholic high school.
The John H. Wood, Jr. Charter School System (now known as Braination) reopened the campus as a charter school in 2003.
In the 2009-2010 school year Holy Cross of San Antonio, a previously all boys' secondary Catholic school serving the same areas that St. Francis did, opened its enrollment to girls.
References
Further reading
Rangel, Susan. "Changes to greet students at St. Francis Academy." La Prensa de San Antonio. August 17, 2003.
Gutierrez, Bridget. "Parochial problems Archdiocesan schools' enrollments shrinking." San Antonio Express News. Section Metro / South Texas. March 15, 2003. Document ID: 0F9DEC3A81075C67.
Gutierrez, Bridget "Hail and farewell St. Francis Academy graduates 34 seniors today then it will close its doors after 42 years." San Antonio Express-News. May 26, 2002. Section: Metro / South Texas. Document ID: 0F3D09CCEAF00DB2.
External links
(as a Catholic school) - hosted at Geocities
(as a charter school)
Girls' schools in Texas
1960 establishments in Texas
Educational institutions established in 1960
2002 disestablishments in Texas
Educational institutions disestablished in 2002
Catholic secondary schools in Texas
High schools in San Antonio
Thomas Rajna (21 December 1928 – 16 July 2021) was a British pianist and composer of Hungarian birth. He had been domiciled in Cape Town in South Africa since 1970.
Biography
Rajna was born in Budapest, Hungary. He started to play the piano and compose at an early age and studied at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music where he won the Liszt Prize in 1947. That year he left Hungary to settle in London and enrolled at the Royal College of Music. He soon appeared at the Proms under such conductors as Carlo Maria Giulini, Colin Davis and John Pritchard, also becoming a frequent broadcaster at the BBC. In 1963 he was appointed Professor of Piano at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
His first commercial recording was the complete piano solo works of Igor Stravinsky. After that he recorded music by Alexander Scriabin, Robert Schumann and Olivier Messiaen, the piano part of Igor Stravinsky's Petrushka with the New Philharmonia under Erich Leinsdorf, and Béla Bartók's Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta with Sir Georg Solti and the London Symphony Orchestra. He completed a cycle of recordings devoted to the entire piano music of Enrique Granados. Subsequently he undertook to record Franz Liszt's 12 Transcendental Etudes and 12 Etudes, Op. 1. Rajna often performed his own two piano concertos.
He settled with his family in Cape Town, South Africa in 1970 to take up an appointment at the Faculty of Music of the University of Cape Town (UCT), where he became associate professor of piano in 1989. In January 1981 he was awarded a University Fellowship by UCT and the same year received an Artes Award from the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) for his series of radio programmes on Franz Liszt, entitled "A Lisztian Metamorphosis". He completed his Piano Concerto No. 2 in 1984. The following year he received a doctorate in music from UCT in recognition of his body of compositions.
During a 1990 visit to England he recorded the Schumann Piano Concerto with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra and gave a recital of works by Ernő Dohnányi and himself. During the same year Rajna played the solo piano part in the first, and so far the only South African performance of Messiaen's monumental Turangalîla-Symphonie with the Cape Town Symphony Orchestra. His 1990 Harp Concerto had its European première in Copenhagen at the Fifth World Harp Congress in July 1993. This work and his Second Piano Concerto (with Rajna as soloist) were recorded by the National Symphony Orchestra of the SABC and released on CD in 1993. At the end of that year he retired from his post at the UCT College of Music.
His very first commercial recording, Stravinsky's complete solo piano works, which Rajna recorded in 1963, and which had been unavailable for 30 years, re-entered international circulation after the Dutch label, Emergo Classics, released their digitally remastered version in their Saga Classics series in 1993. In 1994 he completed Video Games for Orchestra and his opera Amarantha. The former Foundation for the Creative Arts commissioned these works as well as the Rhapsody for Clarinet and Orchestra (1995), premièred by Robert Pickup, the NSO and Richard Cock in 1996. In the same year Rajna was a recipient of the UCT Book Award for his Harp Concerto. This annual award is given in recognition of outstanding contribution to any branch of learning and it was the first time that a musical composition was thus honoured. In 1997 Rajna received the Molteno Award for lifetime achievement from the Cape Tercentenary Foundation.
Rajna's Fantasy for Violin and Orchestra (1996), commissioned by the then Natal Philharmonic Orchestra, was premièred in Durban in 1998. Lyon and Healy Harps of Chicago commissioned his Suite for Violin and Harp for presentation at the Seventh World Harp Congress in Prague in July 1999. Anna Verkholantseva, winner of the 1997 Moscow international Harp Competition, who premiered this work in Prague, has since then made a CD of it and has given performances of the "Suite" with her violinist partner, Alexander Trostiansky, in Moscow, London, New York, Chicago and San Francisco. The opera Amarantha was premiered in November 2000 by Cape Town Opera in conjunction with the UCT Opera School.
In 2001 Rajna created his own CD label, Amarantha Records. His catalogue includes his performance of Goyescas by Granados, music by fellow Hungarian Dohnanyi, Messiaen's complete "Vingt regards", Bartok's 2nd and 3rd Piano Concertos, concertos by Schumann and Barber, Brahms' 2nd Piano Concerto, music by Scriabin and a selection of Rajna's representative compositions. The same year Rajna wrote Tarantulla for violin and piano in response to a commission for the 2002 Pretoria contest by the University of South Africa (Unisa) International String Competition. The Cape Town premiere of Video Games by the Cape Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by David de Villiers took place in August 2002 to public and critical acclaim. International violin virtuoso Mikhail Ovrutsky, who was the winner of the 2002 Pretoria string competition and who had performed Rajna's Tarantulla on that occasion, came to Cape Town to perform Rajna's Fantasy for Violin and Orchestra in May 2004. Rajna's Harp Concerto had its Swiss premiere in Basel in September 2004.
Rajna's recordings of the complete piano works of Granados, made in London for CRD in 1976, were reissued in 2004 on six CDs in a box set and distributed worldwide by Brilliant Classics. Between 2002 and 2004 Rajna completed another opera, Valley Song, based on the play by Athol Fugard. The premiere took place at the Spier Summer Arts Festival, Stellenbosch, in March 2005 and in 2007 the opera was revived at the Klein Karoo National Arts Festival in Oudtshoorn, where it gained prizes in two categories: the best musical show and most promising newcomer (Golda Schultz, soprano, the opera's leading lady).
In 2006 he completed The Creation-A Negro Sermon for chorus and orchestra, written for the First Cape Town International Summer Music Festival in 2006. Rajna's Piano Preludes are part of the syllabus for the Teachers' Licentiate of Unisa. In response to a commission by Unisa to write a set piece for the new Grade 7 Piano Examination Album he completed his Oriental Feast in August 2006. His Violin Concerto (2007) premiered in October 2010 at the University of Stellenbosch.
In the course of celebrating Rajna's 80th birthday the Cape Philharmonic Orchestra performed extracts from Valley Song in a concert during the Third Cape Town International Summer Music Festival in November 2008. Rajna himself was the soloist in his 2nd Piano Concerto. Rajna prepared and reissued on his label a series of his landmark recordings of earlier vintage, now digitally remastered and available on CD for the first time. He released Brahms's B flat major and Schumann's A minor piano concertos, Liszt's Transcendental Studies coupled with their earliest version, the 12 Etudes, Op. 1, and Messiaen's Vingt regards sur l'enfant-Jésus. In the pipeline are piano concertos by Bartók, Stravinsky, Prokofiev and Barber, Bach harpsichord concertos and music by Scriabin and Dohnanyi.
Rajna died at the age of 92 in a hospital in Cape Town on 16 July 2021.
Compositions
Ballet
Girl in a Mask, 1958 for the Western Theatre Ballet
Operas
Amarantha, 2000
Valley Song, based on the play by Athol Fugard, 2005
Filmography
Seven Years in Tibet, 1956
Jet Storm, 1959
Orchestral works
Suite for Strings,1952–1954
Movements for Strings, 1962
Cantilenas and Interludes, 1968
Divertimento Piccolo, 1987
Video Games for orchestra, 1994
Concertante
Piano Concerto No. 1, 1960–1962
Piano Concerto No. 2, 1983–1984
Concerto for Harp and Orchestra, 1990
Rhapsody for Clarinet and Orchestra, 1995
Fantasy for Violin and Orchestra, 1996
Concerto for Violin and Orchestra, 2007
Chamber
Two players
Music for clarinet and piano, 1947, Alphonse Leduc, Paris 1970
Music for cello and piano, 1950
Music for violin and piano, 1956–57, Accent Music, J'burg 1990
Suite for violin and harp, 1997–98, Lyon & Healy, Chicago 1998
Tarantulla for Violin and Piano, Amarantha Music 2001
Four players
String Quartet, 1948
Ensemble
Serenade for ten wind instruments, percussion, cimbalom (or marimba) and piano/celesta
Piano
Preludes for piano, 1947–1950, Accent Music, J'burg 1988 – Amarantha Music, Cape Town 2002
Capriccio for piano (or harpsichord), 1960
Oriental Feast 2006, Unisa/Amarantha Music, 200?
Vocal
Four Early Songs for high voice and piano
Cradle Song (William Blake), 1948
Piping Down the Valleys Wild (William Blake), 1948
Meeting at Night (Robert Browning), 1948
Solfeggio, 1949
Four Traditional African Lyrics for high voice and piano, 1975
The Sorrow of Kodio
Idyll
Serenade
Cuckold contented
"Stop All the Clocks" for middle voice and piano, Four songs on poems by W. H. Auden, 1998
Stop All the Clocks
The Composer
Their Lonely Betters
Refugee Blues
Poems used by kind permission of Curtis Brown Ltd., London, on behalf of the Estate of W. H. Auden, the copyright holders.
Choral
Three Hebrew Choruses, 1972–73
Adonai ma-adam
Hashkivenu
Laila mistereia
The Creation- A Negro Sermon (JW Johnson), 2000, for unaccompanied mixed chorus, Amarantha Music
The Creation – A Negro Sermon (JW Johnson), 2005–06 for chorus and orchestra, Amarantha Music
References
External links
Athol Fugard's Valley Song has been set to music by composer Thomas Rajna, writes Guy Willoughby, the instigator of the project
Songs for a Year and a Day by Erik Chisholm, Thomas Rajna and Victor Hely-Hutchinson
Rajna going strong as he approaches 70
1928 births
2021 deaths
Hungarian emigrants to the United Kingdom
British emigrants to South Africa
South African Jews
South African composers
South African male composers
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
University of Cape Town academics
Franz Liszt Academy of Music alumni
South African people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
Hungarian classical pianists
British classical pianists
South African classical pianists
Cousinia multiloba is a species of flowering plants in the tribe Cardueae. It is found in Iran and Afghanistan.
References
External links
Cousinia multiloba at Tropicos
Cousinia multiloba at the International Plant Name Index (IPNI)
Cynareae
Plants described in 1837
Call Me Francis Tucket is the second novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen. Now 15, Francis Tucket is determined to return to civilization. Only a year before, he was heading west by wagon train with his family, captured by the Pawnees and rescued by a savvy, one-armed mountain man. It was published in 1995 by Random House.
It was later turned into a five-part omnibus, entitled Tucket's Travels, along with the rest of the novels in The Tucket Adventures by Random House and released in 2003.
References
Gary Paulsen - Call Me Francis Tucket
1995 American novels
Novels by Gary Paulsen
Pogorzelec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Otto Zitko (born in Linz on 14 February 1959) is an Austrian artist who lives and works in Vienna.
Exhibitions (Selection since 2000)
2010 Me, Myself and I – Otto Zitko and Louise Bourgeois, Arnolfini, Bristol
getting hot, Krobath, Berlin
2009 Die Kunst ist super!, Hamburger Bahnhof – Museum für Gegenwart, Berlin
2008 espacio marte, México City
2007 Galerie Elisabeth & Klaus Thoman, Innsbruck
Magic Line, MUSEION – Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Bolzano
Museum of Contemporary Art, Leipzig (GfZK)
2006 Galería Heinrich Ehrhardt, Madrid (with Herbert Brandl)
Galerie Krobath Wimmer, Vienna
Soleil Noir. Depression and Society, Salzburger Kunstverein, Salzburg
Bunkier Sztuki, Contemporary Art Gallery, Krakow
2005 Museum of Contemporary Art KIASMA, Helsinki
China retour, MUMOK, Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Ludwig Wien, Vienna
2004 Austrian Cultural Forum Prague
The Moravian Gallery Brno (with Josef Dabernig)
2003 Cheim & Read, New York
Franz West Vis-à-Vis Otto Zitko, Tim Van Laere Gallery, Antwerp (with Franz West)
© EUROPE EXISTS, MMCA, Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art, Thessaloniki
Galerie Elisabeth & Klaus Thoman, Innsbruck
2002 Galerie de l'École des Beaux-Arts, Caen
Uncommon Denominator, MASS MoCA, Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, North Adams, MA
Galería Heinrich Ehrhardt, Madrid
2001 International Contemporary Art, Museo de Arte Moderno / Museum of Modern Art, Mexico City
2000 Cheim & Read, New York
Galerie Krobath Wimmer, Vienna
Bibliography
Pythia. Edition Antagon #2, Salzburg 2008.Text: Hemma Schmutz
The Construction of Gesture. Eds. Hemma Schmutz, Salzburger Kunstverein, Salzburg / Barbara Steiner, GfZK Galerie für Zeitgenössische Kunst Leipzig / Ingeburg Wurzer, Atelier Otto Zitko, Vienna, Berlin 2008. Text: Jan Avgikos, Hemma Schmutz, Andreas Spiegl, Barbara Steiner
Räume. Kunsthalle Bern, 1996. Text: Ulrich Loock, Christian Kravagna
Otto Zitko. Cheim & Read, New York, Vienna 2000. Text: Herbert Lachmayer
External links
Otto Zitko's homepage
Cheim & Read, New York
Krobath, Vienna / Berlin
Galerie Elisabeth & Klaus Thoman, Innsbruck
Galería Heinrich Ehrhardt, Madrid
Artists from Linz
1959 births
Living people
Frog Holler is an American alternative country/rock, Americana bands from Berks County in southeastern Pennsylvania.
Background
In 1996, Darren Schlappich started the band Chigliac Feedhorn in Shoemakersville, Pennsylvania, with local bluegrass musician Van Wagner as a duo that played original acoustic bluegrass at area open mic nights. They released the record, Dunawetter, of which seven songs were written by Schlappich. Wagner went to college and the band became an acoustic trio made up of Schlappich, Mike Lavdanski on banjo, and Will Dennis on acoustic bass.
The trio eventually became an electric six-piece band that performed original songs written by Schlappich. Some of the band members came from Kutztown University while others are from the local community. Guitarist John Kilgore, formerly from the Kutztown bluegrass jam band, the Saucony Creek Ramblers, joined, as did drummer Toby Martin. Dennis left the band and Josh Sceurman joined, playing electric bass.
Frog Holler
The core band evolved into its present-day Frog Holler lineup of bandleader Schlappich on vocals and left-handed guitar, Lavdanski on banjo and vocal harmonies, Daniel Bower on drums, Kilgore on guitar, Cory Heller on keyboard, and Sceurman on bass, and often incorporate mandolin and steel guitar in their music.
Because many members of the band are of Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry, they are sometimes affectionately referred to as Pennsylvania Dutch rock.
Frog Holler self-released its debut album, Couldn't Get Along. The record is dedicated to "The three Jays," possibly Jay Farrar, Jay Bennett, and J Mascis.
The band followed their debut with three releases on the local label. Record Cellar. As they built up a following regionally, the band began touring extensively, playing gigs from Boston to the Carolinas. Frog Holler released three records through the small independent label from Philadelphia, Record Cellar, run by Neil Drucker. Improved visibility and the release of their positively reviewed fourth record, Railings, led to the band touring the industrial midwest as well as the Netherlands. Frog Holler has been mostly regionally focused, while maintaining annual residencies at the now defunct New York City Rodeo Bar as well as an upstate New York music festival.
Many of their songs reflect the small rural community of their origins, with the song "Pennsylvania" off their third record, Idiots, an ode to tension between modern life and the more conservative, set-in-its-way, German-American lifestyle of past generations. Idiots charted 34 on Americana radio charts and was well-reviewed. Throughout Frog Holler's music there are local references to landmarks and evocative descriptions of rural life. Their fourth record, Railings, was recorded at Edan Cohen's Soundgun Studios in Philadelphia.
In 2016, seven years after their prior record, Frog Holler celebrated their 20-year anniversary as a band, releasing their seventh full-length record called Souvenir. The record was recorded between March 2015 and February 2016 with Bruce Siekmann, engineer and owner of Amoeba Studio in Fleetwood, Pennsylvania.
Critical response
Rachel Maddow saw Frog Holler open for Marah and became an avid fan, which led to her inviting Schlappich to perform on her Air America Radio show. Writer Meredith Ochs cites Frog Holler's live performances and high level of musicianship, as does Fred Mills, describing them as a "killer live band." Andy Turner in No Depression calls Schlappich a "real-deal storyteller." Peter Bothum from the York Daily Record says the music comes from a rare place of honesty. Doug Wallen from Philadelphia Weekly liked their genuine, "down-home sweetness of their loose, melodic strain of alt-country." Geoffrey Himes, writing in The Washington Post, described Frog Holler as a secret treasure.
Ataloft
In 2012, Schlappich, Lavdanski, and Bruce Siekmann formed the pop-rock band Ataloft as a side project. The band released a self-titled album called Ataloft in 2014.
Dem Hills
In May 2017, Schlappich released Maybe Life Is Sweet in a new band collaboration project with Bruce Siekmann (Ameoba Audio) on guitar, Schlappich and Mike Lavdanski on vocals, Josh Kanusky on drums, Nick Franclik on bass and Cory Heller on keyboards. Siekmann and Schlappich wrote the songs and the band includes members of Frog Holler, Ataloft, and the David Bromberg Band.
Discography
Chigliac Feedhorn
1996: Dunawetter (self-released)
Frog Holler
1998: Couldn't Get Along (ZoBird Records)
1999: Adams Hotel Road (Record Cellar Productions)
2001: Idiots (Record Cellar Productions)
2003: Railings (Record Cellar Productions)
2004: The High Highs and the Low Lows (EP) (ZoBird Records)
2006: Haywire (ZoBird Records)
2009: Believe It or Not (ZoBird Records)
2016: Souvenir (ZoBird Records)
Ataloft
2014: Ataloft (ZoBird Records)
Dem Hills
2017: Maybe Life Is Sweet (ZoBird Records)
Collaborations / contributions
1996: Buildin' the Rails Life of a Gandy Dancer at Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania (video). Music by Darren Schlappich, Van Wagner, Rich Pawling
2001: Papa Nez: A Loose Salute To The Work Of Michael Nesmith (Dren Records) – "Different Drum"
2002: Chooglin' A Tribute to the Songs of John Fogerty (Dren Records) – "Have You Ever Seen the Rain?"
References
External links
Frog Holler
Ataloft
American alternative country groups
Alternative rock groups from Pennsylvania
Musical groups established in 1998
Mikey Bennett is a Jamaican music producer, composer, musician and singer.
Early life and influences
Mikey Bennett was born into a Christian family in Jamaica. Church is where Bennett realised he had musical talent. At the age of 12, Bennett was influenced greatly by guitarist Mikey Chung. He would write his lyrics and Chung would help Bennett put them to music. He attended what is now the Northern Caribbean University based in Mandeville, Jamaica.
Career
Bennett has been on the music scene since the 1980s. He has composed and produced music for international artists including Ziggy Marley, Maxi Priest, Dennis Brown, and UB40, Shabba Ranks, J.C. Lodge, Cocoa Tea, Home T Four, Admiral Bailey, and Johnny Osbourne. He recently directed and produced a reggae album titled The Heart of Jamaica for the longtime rum producer Appleton Estate.
Bennett is the CEO of Grafton Studios in Vineyard Town, St. Andrew, Jamaica. He has also taught song writing at the University of Technology (Utech), Kingston, Jamaica. He has received many honours, among them the Jamaica Reggae Industry Association (JaRIA) award in 2017 for mentorship.
Social responsibility
Bennet is involved in the Tower Street Correctional Facility music programme in Kingston, Jamaica and the St Catherine adult correctional centre.
Bennett also judges competitions for spotting local musical talents.
Discography
References
Jamaican record producers
Living people
Jamaican reggae musicians
Jamaican businesspeople
Year of birth missing (living people)
Solar Energy Corporation of India Ltd. (SECI) is a company of the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Government of India, established to facilitate the implementation of the National Solar Mission (NSM). It is the only Central Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) dedicated to the solar energy sector. The company's mandate has been broadened to cover the entire renewable energy domain and the company will be renamed to Renewable Energy Corporation of India (RECI).
The company is responsible for implementation of a number of government schemes, major ones being the VGF schemes for large-scale grid-connected projects under NSM, solar park scheme and grid-connected solar rooftop scheme, along with a host of other specialised schemes such as defence scheme, solar canals, and Indo-Pak border scheme.
In addition, SECI has ventured into solar project development on turnkey basis for several PSUs. The company also has a power-trading licence and is active in this domain through trading of solar power from projects set up under the schemes being implemented by it.
Background
The SECI was registered as Section 25 under the Companies Act, 1956 (now Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013) on 9 September 2011. It was set up as a Non-for-Profit Company to promote solar energy in India.
Though SECI was not meant to make profits, it made profits of ₹12 crores in 2014–15 following which the Union Cabinet under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave its approval to the SECI to:
Converting it into Section 3 Company under the Companies Act, 2013, and
Renaming it as Renewable Energy Corporation of India (RECI)
The major impact of the decision will be:
SECI will become a self-sustaining and self-generating organisation with its own solar power plants that will generate and sell power. It will also help the company in other segments of solar sector activities, including manufacturing of solar products and materials since it was not allowed earlier.
SECI will become RECI after change of its name and then will take up development of all segments of renewable energy namely, geo-thermal, off-shore wind, tidal etc. apart from solar energy.
In 2016, SECI also faced huge challenges. Since India's reverse auction mechanism has not stabilized the market and system in 2016, SECI has conducted 9 auctions. However, most of the projects were unable to proceed normally, and many bids were under-subscribed.
References
See also
Solar power in India
Tata Power Solar
Solairedirect
2011 establishments in Delhi
Indian companies established in 2011
Government-owned companies of India
Ministry of New and Renewable Energy
Companies based in New Delhi
Solar energy companies of India
Solita is a technology, data and design company established in Finland. In 2021, Solita had over 1,100 employees in six countries: Finland, Sweden, Estonia, Germany, Denmark and Belgium. Solita is participating in national projects in Finland such as Koronavilkku, a mobile application to track exposure to COVID-19. The company develops IT services, e-services and knowledge management solutions for companies and public administration organisations. It offers for example, strategic consulting, service design, digital, AI and analytics services, as well as cloud services.
History
Heikki Halme established Solita in 1996. The company started out as a software developer for Nokia which remained its only customer during the first five years. Halme was elected as Finnish Software Entrepreneur of the Year 2010. At the time he was the main owner and the chair of the board. In 2008 Jari Niska followed Halme as a new CEO. Tivi magazine placed Niska on the list of top 100 Finnish IT influencers in, for example, in 2013, and 2015 and 2019.
In March 2013 Vaaka Partners bought 75 percent of the company whose products were related to digital business, information management and e-services. Solita got the seventh place in the Best Places to Work competition arranged by the Great Place to Work Institute Finland while in 2014 and 2015 it ranked sixth. In October 2014, Solita set up an office in Oulu. In March 2015, Solita established a new business unit, Solita Design, which focused on for example in service design and user experience design. Within a year the company's personnel grew by 26 percents while its turnover grew by over one third to 49.7 million euros.
In 2017, Solita started offices in Sweden and Estonia. In February, Solita, with over 500 employees at the time, announced its intention to get listed. In the spring, it acquired Palmu, a service design company doing business in Singapore and Finland. Solita hired an in-house coach to coach the employees with their work as well as their private life which was not common in Finland.
In April 2018, Apax Digital Fund, a global private equity firm, announced the acquisition of a majority stake in Solita from Vaaka Partners. Solita had 650 employees. After the acquisition a share issue for Solita employees was arranged and over 300 of them participated. In May, Solita established a new unit, Solita Health, focusing on the health and well-being sector and started maintaining an IoT ecosystem, whose participants included AWS, IBM, Azure, Tableau and Wazombi Labs. The system had services used for testing, AI applications, data logging, analytics, visualisation and cloud solutions. In September, Solita informed that it had abandoned its plan to get listed. It had employees in Helsinki, Tampere, Oulu, Stockholm, Tallinn, Turku and Lahti. In October Solita obtained Machine Learning Competency status from Amazon Web Services (AWS) for machine learning solutions and expertise.
In 2019, Solita acquired two Swedish companies, Sparks AB and Ferrologic, a digital services consultancy. Ferrologic empoloyed about 100 persons in Sweden, Denmark and Belgium. The mergers increased the number of Solita employees to approximately 1,000 people.
In 2020 Solita's operations were grouped into three business areas: Finland, Sweden, and other international markets while its business units were focusing on development, cloud & connectivity, design & strategy and data. In June Solita won a competition for a mobile application to track exposure to COVID-19 arranged by the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare with the aim of combating the COVID-19 pandemic in Finland. The application, called Koronavilkku, was published on 31 August 2020. During the first 24 hours, the application was downloaded one million times, and over 2 million times during the first two weeks. For Kone it created a cloud based analysing system collecting data from its elevators with the aim to prevent their hardware failures. In October Finnish State Development Company Vake, Yleisradio and University of Helsinki started collecting 10,000 hours of speech in Finnish to develop AI voice recognition. The collection technology was planned and created by Solita.
In 2021, CEO Jari Niska was followed by Ossi Lindroos. Operations were managed by Timo Honko in Finland and by Johan Thyblad in Sweden. Solita employed over 1,100 people in Finland, Gothenburg and Stockholm in Sweden, Copenhagen in Denmark, Tallinn in Estonia, Berlin and Munich in Germany and Leuven in Belgium. Approximately 450 employees are part owners of Solita. The company headquarters are in Tampere and it has Finnish offices also in Helsinki, Lahti, Oulu and Turku.
References
External links
website
Software companies of Finland
Companies based in Tampere
Relay Bay () is an arm of Robertson Bay, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) wide, lying between Islands Point and Penelope Point along the north coast of Victoria Land. It was first visited on October 4, 1911 by the Northern Party, led by Victor Campbell, of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13; the bay is so-named because the party found it necessary to relay their sledges owing to the heavy pressure ridges encountered here. The Nielsen, Ommanney, Crume and Reusch Glaciers flowing into the bay contribute to these pressures.
Bays of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Mimononyma flavovariegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimononyma. It was described by Breuning in 1960.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1960
Monotypic beetle genera
Quest of Dungeons is a roguelike indie game released on March 25, 2014 by Portuguese developer Upfall Studios. The game features 16-bit graphics to resemble games from the Super NES and Sega Genesis era. It was initially released for Windows, Mac and iOS and was later ported to Xbox One via ID@Xbox on September 7, 2015. In February 2016, it was announced that the game was being developed on Wii U and Nintendo 3DS and was released on September 29, 2016. It was later released for PlayStation 4 on January 17, 2017. On August 2, 2017, it was announced that it would be coming to the Nintendo Switch.
Gameplay
The player can assume the role of one of four different character class types, the Warrior, Wizard, Assassin or Shaman. The player enters a Mansion on the top floor and gradually progress down the increasing difficulty floors by leveling up.
The entire game is randomly generated, so monsters, traps, loot are never on the same place. The game world is placed in a tile-based square grid that is viewed from a top-down perspective, where the player, enemies, items and objects occupy discrete squares. The game is turn-based, and both the player and numerous enemies take turns performing actions. The game has a very fast approach to the turn-based mechanic, and while the player does have to wait for the enemies to take turn, everything is done very quickly to keep the action fluid. Each turn the player may move or attack monsters in adjacent squares, pick, drop, and use items, and interact with various in-game objects. Permanent death is a major part of the game, in which if the player dies by losing all HP it will restart from the beginning of the game, thus creating a different dungeon, there are no options inside the game to change this, so while the player can save and continue later at any moment, if he dies he can't continue.
Plot
The game doesn't take itself very seriously and makes fun of the traditional plots. In this case, an Evil Dark Lord steals all the light in the world and traps it inside a magical lantern. The four heroes decide that it would be a good idea if one of them enters alone. This is a nod to B movie plots where sometimes characters make the most illogical decision.
Development
According to the developer, development of the game started in June 2013. Initially planned as a tablet only game, it was ported to PC before initial release, after being approved via Steam Greenlight it was released on March 25, 2014. In the following months it was ported to Linux, Android and eventually Xbox One. The game was development using a in-house Game Engine.
Reception
Critics have generally given the game good scores, especially the Xbox One version, considered the most polished and easy to pick version. While the desktop version was well received among players, it had mixed to positive reviews from critics, mostly because of the poorly devised Keyboard/Mouse controls that it had at launch.
TouchArcade gave it a 4/5 saying that "Quest of Dungeons is a very good roguelike and a fun game.". Softpedia gave it a 7/10 complementing on the solid gameplay, replayability and difficulty balance, but criticizing the lack of variety in the game. Pocket Gamer gave it a 6/10, and Nintendo Life gave the Wii U version a 8/10.
See also
List of roguelikes
References
External links
Official website
Android (operating system) games
Indie video games
Linux games
2014 video games
PlayStation 4 games
Roguelike video games
MacOS games
IOS games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo Switch games
Wii U eShop games
Windows games
Video games developed in Portugal
Video games featuring female protagonists
Xbox One games
Jonathan Steuer (born December 3, 1965, in Wisconsin) is a pioneer in online publishing.
Steuer led the launch teams of a number of early and influential online publishing ventures, including Cyborganic, a pioneering online/offline community, HotWired, the first ad-supported web magazine, and c|net's online operations. Steuer's article "Defining virtual realities: Dimensions determining telepresence", is widely cited in academic and industry literature. Originally published in 1992 in the Journal of Communication 42, 73-9, it has been reprinted in Communication in the Age of Virtual Reality (1995), F. Biocca & M. R. Levy (Eds.).
Steuer's vividness and interactivity matrix from that article appeared in Wired circa 1995 and has been particularly influential in shaping the discourse by defining virtual reality in terms of human experience, rather than technological hardware, and setting out vividness and interactivity as axial dimensions of that experience. Steuer's notability in diverse arenas as a scholar, architect, and instigator of new media is documented in multiple, independent, non-trivial, published works.
Steuer has been a consultant and senior executive for a number of other online media startups: CNet, ZDTV, Sawyer Media Systems and Scient.
Steuer has an AB in philosophy from Harvard University, and a PhD in communication theory & research from Stanford University. There, his doctoral dissertation concerned Vividness and Source of Evaluation as Determinants of Social Responses Toward Mediated Representations of Agency.
Personal Life
He is married to Majorie Ingall. A longtime resident of the Bay Area, today Steuer resides in New York City.
References
Further reading
Some books and print articles that discuss Steuer's role in the web publishing industry that emerged in San Francisco in the 1990s:
Yoshihiro Kaneda, Net Voice in the City, ASCII Corporation, Japan, 1997, pp. 88–107
Robert H. Reid, Architects of the Web, John Wiley & Sons, New York, 1997, pp. 289–292, 296-297, 299-300, 302-303.
Jeff Goodell, "Webheads on Ramona Street", Rolling Stone, Issue 722, November 30, 1995.
Some books and print that draw on Steuer's definitions of virtual reality and telepresence:
Mike Featherstone and Roger Burrows (Eds.), Cyberspace/Cyberbodies/Cyberpunk, Sage Publications, London, 1995.
Nicovich, S. G., Boller, G. W., and Cornwell, T. B. "Experienced presence within computer-mediated communications: Initial explorations on the effects of gender with respect to empathy and immersion", Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication, 10(2), article 6, (2005).
Kuo-Fang Peng, Yi-Wen Fan, Tong-An Hsu,"Proposing the content perception theory for the online content industry – a structural equation modeling", Industrial Management & Data Systems Volume 104 Number 6 2004 pp. 469–489 (2004).
Coyle, James R. ; Thorson, Esther, "The Effects of Progressive Levels of Interactivity and Vividness in Web Marketing Sites", Journal of Advertising, 22 September 2001.
Donna L. Hoffman; Thomas P. Novak, "Marketing in Hypermedia Computer-Mediated Environments: Conceptual Foundations", Journal of Marketing, 1996.
Larry R. Irons, Donald J. Jung, and Robert O. Keel, "Interactivity in Distance Learning: The Digital Divide and Student Satisfaction", Educational Technology & Society 5 (3) 2002 ().
Besides the printed works above, Steuer's article is cited in many online works, a few of which are listed here:
EDUCAUSE REVIEW | January/February 2007, Volume 42, Number 1
A Definition
ICA Info Systems: Coyle & Ognianova
Social Impacts of Rich Media
A Psychological Approach to Presence
Online publishing
1965 births
Harvard University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Living people
Siemomysł, Siemosił, or Zemuzil (fl. 11th century) was the first historically verifiable Duke of Pomerania, recorded in 1046 in the Annals of Niederaltaich (Annales Altahensis maiorum).
Historical record
The Annals record reads: "His omnibus peractis rex inde discessit ac Mersiburc, natale sancti Iohannis celebraturus [24 June], perrexit. Illuc etiam Bratizlao dux Boemorum, Kazmir Bolaniorum, Zemuzil Bomeraniorum advenerunt atque regem donis decentibus honoraverunt. [...] Inde discedens apostolorum Petri et Pauli festa [29 June] Mihsina celebravit ubi etiam conventionem secundo habens duces praefatos inter se pacificavit." (Annales Altahensis maiorum ad a. 1046)
This entry describes Zemuzil's attendance of a meeting with Henry III, Holy Roman Emperor in Merseburg ("Mersiburc") on 24 June 1046, along with Bretislaus I, Duke of Bohemia ("Bratizlao dux Boemorum") and Casimir I of Poland ("Kazmir Bolaniorum"). The dukes "honored the emperor with decent gifts", which according to Schmidt (2009) was the payment of tribute. In a second meeting on 29 June in Meißen ("Mihsin"), according to the document, the "aforementioned dukes" concluded a mutual peace agreement.
Scholarly assessment
Nature of the dispute
Roderich Schmidt (2009) assumes that the peace referenced in the document was necessary, among other reasons, because of fights between Zemuzil and Casimir, and that Zemuzil aided Miecław of Mazovia who had fought against Casimir, previously expelled from Poland but restored with Henry's aid, and was defeated. According to Edward Rymar (2005) the most likely nature of the dispute was the non payment of tribute by the Pomeranian duke to Casimir. After Henry's intermediation Zemuzil failed to pay feudal dues and Casimir invaded and took control of Pomerania in the following year (1047).
Žemužilse's realm
According to Schmidt it is not possible on the basis of the 1046 record to decide the location of his realm. Edward Rymar, following Łowmiański, believes that Žemužilis was a ruler of a unified Pomeranian state with its center in Kołobrzeg (Kolberg) rather than a smaller duchy, which explains why he was treated by Henry as a co-equal with the rulers of Bohemia and Poland. Schmidt also argues that the mention of Žemužilis along with Bretislaus and Casimir suggest that they were equal in status, and that the political organisation of his realm in 1046 resembled the Bohemian and Polish ones.
On the other hand, Stabenow (1995) says that the great majority of historians regard Zemuzil as ruler of only a part of the area between Oder, Baltic Sea, Vistula, Warta and Noteć, and that the location of his realm within this area is disputed. Stabenow further says that the 1046 entry constitutes the first written record of the Baltic Pomeranians.
Name
Historians have made several attempts to reconstruct the duke's Slavic name from the version recorded by a German chronicler, "Žemužils". Before the connection between the document from 1040 and the one from 1046 was made the name was variously rendered as Ziemomysł (by Oswald Balcer), Siemosił (by Aleksander Brückner) and even Wszemysł (this particular variant has been abandoned as a hypothesis). Zygmunt Wojciechowski in consultation with Slavicists considered "Žemužilis" to correspond to the diminutive form "Siemysł", short for "Siemomysł". The name appears among the members of the Piast dynasty with the Polish duke Siemomysł and the stem "-Siem", referring to "family" (hence "Siemomysł" is someone "thoughtful of their family"), is also found in the Piast name of the half-legendary Siemowit.
Religion
According to Rymar, Zemuzil was most likely a Christian or otherwise he would not have had Henry's support, although he might have kept this fact hidden from his still mostly pagan subjects.
Proposed genealogies
According to Edward Rymar, Zemuzil is often thought to have been the father or the grand father of the Pomeranian Duke Świętobor I. Schmidt says it is not possible on the basis of the 1046 record to decide whether Zemuzil was an ancestor of later Pomeranian dukes, and cites similar conclusions of other German historians Martin Wehrmann and Adolf Hofmeister.
The 19th century German historian Johann Ludwig Quandt believed that Zemuzil and other early Pomeranian dukes of the Griffin dynasty descended from Polish nobility of Lesser Poland, that Zemuzil was made a voivode of his duchy by the Polish king Bolesław I Chrobry, and that he was the grand father of Świętobor I. The Austro-Polish historian Oswald Balzer linked the duke with the Piast dynasty through a matrilineal connection, making his mother the daughter of Bolesław I Chrobry. In a similar way, Henryk Łowmiański saw Zemuzil as the son of a daughter of Mieszko I, the first historical ruler of Poland.
Gerard Labuda said that Zemuzil was most likely related to the Piasts through his mother. Rymar says that the 1040 document is one of the reasons why Zemuzil is sometimes thought to be related to the Polish Piast dynasty. Stanisław Zakrzewski believed the duke to be a brother of the Dytryk proposed as the father of Sememizl by Labuda, and also hypothesized that Zemuzil was an ancestor of Świętobor.
Sememizl
A document from 1040 mentions a Sememizl. This document is a record of Henry III bestowing upon the cathedral in Naumburg few villages which Sememizl previously held as fiefs from Henry III. According to Edward Rymar, Sememizl is generally identified with Zemuzil due to rarity of this name among Polish Piasts and Pomeranian dukes. Gerard Labuda doubted a connection between Zemuzil and Sememizl, whom he thought to be a son of Dytryk, one of the stepbrothers of Chrobry who had been banished by the Polish king to Germany.
References
Dukes of Pomerania
11th-century rulers in Europe
Medieval nobility of the Holy Roman Empire
11th-century Polish people
Kenema Government Secondary School is a government-sponsored all-boys secondary school located in Kenema, Sierra Leone. The school was founded in 1952 by the Sierra Leone government to educate the children of Kenema. The school is regarded as one of the elite secondary schools in the country.
Notable alumni
Paul Kpaka, Sierra Leonean football star
jb Rogers, former minister of finance
.
External links
http://www.feedsfarm.com/article/ef70d8c29111d661a73ab99f07fb99b6061718aa.html
Secondary schools in Sierra Leone
Kenema
Educational institutions established in 1952
1952 establishments in Sierra Leone
Shorea virescens is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The inference of the species name, derived from Latin ( = becoming green), is unclear. This species occurs in Borneo and the Philippines.
Description
It is an emergent tree, up to tall, in mixed dipterocarp forest on clay soils.
Shorea virescens is found in at least two protected areas (Lambir & Gunung Mulu National Parks), but is threatened elsewhere due to habitat loss.
Wood
It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of white meranti.
References
virescens
Trees of Borneo
Trees of the Philippines
Vulnerable plants
Tobiasz Musielak (born 18 August 1993 in Leszno, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who rode for the Wolverhampton Wolves in the Elite League and has also ridden for Swindon Robins and Sheffield Tigers.
Career
Musielak, the younger brother of fellow Speedway rider Sławomir Musielak, mirrored the early career of his brother by starting his career with Unia Leszno who Tobiasz still rides for today after first riding for them in 2009. In 2011 he became a member of the Polish national junior speedway team, and in 2012 he was the runner-up in the Individual Speedway Junior European Championship.
Musielak was given his first opportunity in British Speedway by the Wolverhampton Wolves who named him in their 2015 line-up. Wolves promoter Chris Van Straaten described Musielak as "a really entertaining rider and a really exciting prospect". He rode with Swindon Robins in 2017 when they became SGB Premiership champions, but did not ride in the UK in 2018. He returned for 2019, winning a second SGB Premiership with the Robins.
In 2022, he rode for the Sheffield Tigers in the SGB Premiership 2022.
References
Polish speedway riders
1993 births
Living people
Sheffield Tigers riders
Swindon Robins riders
Wolverhampton Wolves riders
People from Leszno
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Buena Mano Balita is a Philippine television news broadcasting program broadcast by GMA Cebu. It premiered on October 8, 2007. The newscast concluded on April 24, 2015.
Overview
It is composed of various fun and informative segments that will arm the viewers with information and trivia which will help them make the “right” choices for the day. It is set to jumpstart Cebu mornings with just the right dose of news, weather update, entertainment news and information. Buena Mano Balita is currently the no.1 morning entertainment and news show, gathering a TV Rating of 12.5% this September 2012. While its competitor in ABS-CBN only received 5.8%.
Without saying goodbyes, it had their final broadcast for more than 7 years last April 24, 2015, as part of the streamlining of regional operations of GMA after the broadcast, the hosts and the on-air staff of BMB were retrenched by the network's management.
GMA Cebu would not have a regional morning newscast until 5 years later, with the launch of GMA Regional TV Live! on April 20, 2020.
Final hosts
Alan Domingo
Yuri Deldig
Cheryl Pelayo-Dacua
Bobby Nalzaro
Mark Anthony Bautista
Fr. Dan delos Angeles
References
GMA Network news shows
GMA News and Public Affairs shows
Philippine television news shows
2007 Philippine television series debuts
2015 Philippine television series endings
Television in Cebu City
Kiffosso I is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 446 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 15,502. The village of Kiffosso I, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 21 km northeast of Yorosso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Nazarat Taleem (Directorate of Education), launched in 1919, is a directorate within the Sadr Anjuman Ahmadiyya, in Pakistan, responsible for the task of formalizing education within schools and colleges of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Pakistan.
History
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has been involved in building educational institutes since 1905. Nazarat Taleem (Directorate of Education) one of the ten directorates of Sadr Anjuman Ahmadiyya was created in 1919.The directorate in Qadian, India, ran various educational institutions. After partition of the subcontinent the offices were shifted to Pakistan.
In 1973, under the label of nationalization, the educational institutes of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community were nationalized by the Government of Pakistan. These included 8 schools across Pakistan, including 2 top colleges of Pakistan, Taleem-ul-Islam College, in Rabwah. The Government also nationalized 5 of its institutes in the province of Sindh.
In 1987 the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community started building its new educational institutions. Currently Nazarat Taleem is running 11 schools and 2 colleges in Rabwah and 21 schools in remote areas of Pakistan, mostly in the provinces of Sindh and Punjab.
Institutions
Institutions operating under Nazarat Taleem in .. are as follows:
Buyut-ul-Hamd Primary School
Boyut-ul-Hamd High School
Maryam Girls High School
Maryam Siddiqa Girls High School
Nusrat Jahan Academy Boys
Nusrat Jahan Academy Girls
Tahir Primary School
Nasir Higher Secondary School
Institute for Special Education
Nusrat Jahan College, Rabwah
Nazarat Taleem offers undergraduate and postgraduate education to the community members through, Nusrat Jahan College, Rabwah. Currently BS Honors and master's degree programs in pure and applied scientific fields are being offered there.
The three schools run by the college are:
Abdus Salam School of Sciences.
MM Ahmed School of Business
Sir Zafarullah Khan school of social sciences and languages.
The majority of the students enrolled in these schools are Ahmadis, mostly the residents of Rabwah, but enrollment is open for non-Ahmadi students from Rabwah and its surrounding areas as well.
Institute for Special Education
Established in Nov 2013 in Rabwah, the institute runs under the domain of Nazarat Taleem, with the objective of catering to the needs of children and youth with intellectual, developmental or physical disabilities through education and therapy. The school aims to raise public awareness of the care and education available to people with special needs in the area.
Loans and scholarships
Nazarat Taleem provides financial assistance to the talented students who cannot afford further studies. There are three types of financial aid given by this office:
Merit based scholarships
Nazarat Taleem announces cash prizes, every year for students attaining high grades in their different levels of education, within Pakistan. These scholarships are given to the concerned students in a ceremony held every year in Rabwah.
Need based scholarships
Students with good grades and cannot afford further studies, are provided with monthly/yearly stipends to cover the expenses of their fee structures. Application process for this scholarship is opened throughout the year.
Qarza-e-Hasana (loans)
Nazarat Taleem has been providing to educational loans to students wanting to pursue higher studies, within or outside Pakistan.
Centenary Gold Medals
Students who achieve positions in their universities or examination boards, are awarded with gold medals on behalf of Khalif-tul-Masih (Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community)
Abdus Salam Research Forum
Abdus Salam research forum was established in 2013 by Nazarat Taleem with the core objective to actively promote & foster the faculties of Science and Research. Currently this forum is supporting various research projects in the domain of Environment, Community Medicine, Biophysics, Alternative Energy, Bio-statistics and Genetic Engineering.
Projects
Platelet indices in the cases of plasmodium vivax malaria
Mapping of Subsurface Aquifers through resistivity Survey in Rabwah
Detection of thin hydrocarbon reservoir sands and coal seams through spectral decomposition technique
WBC count in probable and culture proven neonatal sepsis, and its association with mortality
Statistical analysis of platelet indices in patients of vivax Malaria.(Collaborative project with pediatric section of Fazal-e-Omar Hospital Rabwah)
White blood cells count and its relationship with mortality on the cases of neonatal sepsis: Statistical perspective.(Collaborative project with pediatric section of Fazal-e-Omar Hospital Rabwah)
Microbiological and Chemical water analyses within Kirana Hill area to assess quality of drinking water.
Study on iron deficiency and anemia in young school children and identifying possible correlating factors influencing the study
GIS mapping of water contamination and water-related diseases in Rabwah, District Chiniot.
Is Negative Dark Energy a Quantum Effect?
Calculating the probability of the cosmological constant becoming negative in causet cosmology.
Cosmology with fluctuating dark energy — comparison with Supernovae.
A look beyond the Baire Category Theorem.
A study of sub compactness of Cech-Complete spaces.
Genetic disorders & Down syndrome
A further study of the comparison between SN1a data and causet cosmology.
International medical conferences
Every year Nazarat Taleem under the banner of Abdus Salam research forum and in collaboration with Fazl e Umar and Tahir heart Institute, Rabwah holds an international medical conference in Rabwah, Pakistan. Three conferences have been held so far.
International Pediatric Conference 2014
International Infectious Diseases Conference 2015
International Conference on Internal Medicine and Tropical Cardiology 2016
Administration
Director
ThKAA
Deputy Directors
Dr.
Munr
Mnir
Ran
Qamr
References
Schools in Pakistan
Fight for Life is a 1987 American made-for-television drama film starring Jerry Lewis (in his television film debut), Patty Duke and Morgan Freeman. It was originally broadcast on March 23, 1987, on ABC.
Plot
Dr. Bernard Abrams, an Ohio optometrist, and his wife Shirley Abrams have a six-year-old daughter that suffers from a rare form of epilepsy. The child's paraplegic doctor cares for her. As for the little girl's parents, they need to have a drug approved from the Food and Drug Administration. However, the process is slow and they are forced to fly to England to obtain the medication. They take their cause to the media in order to highlight their case and force the FDA to expedite its decision on use in America.
Cast
Jerry Lewis : Dr. Bernard Abrams
Patty Duke : Shirley Abrams
Barry Morse : Dr. Whalley
Morgan Freeman : Dr. Sherard
Jaclyn Bernstein : Felice Abrams
Gérard Parkes : Father Robert Hunt
Robert Benson : Dr. Keith
Rosemary Dunsmore
Patricia Hamilton
Home media
The film was released twice on DVD. The first release was on September 4, 2012, on a Morgan Freeman dual release with Moll Flanders. It was later released on October 31, 2012, on an Amazon exclusive dual 'Family Film' release with Dominick and Eugene.
It is available to stream on Paramount+.
External links
References
1987 television films
1987 films
1987 drama films
ABC network original films
Films directed by Elliot Silverstein
Films scored by Laurence Rosenthal
American drama television films
1980s American films
Galina Yenyukhina (born 1 October 1959) is a Russian former cyclist. She competed in the women's sprint at the 1992 Summer Olympics for the Unified Team.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Russian female cyclists
Olympic cyclists of the Unified Team
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
Gli arabi nelle Gallie, ossia Il trionfo della fede (The Arabs in Gaul, or The triumph of Faith) is an opera in two acts composed by Giovanni Pacini to a libretto by Luigi Romanelli. The opera is in the opera seria genre with a libretto based on Prévot's 1822 novel Le Renégat. Gli Arabi nelle Gallie premiered on 8 March 1827 at La Scala in Milan. Between 1827 and the late 1830s it was performed throughout Italy as well as in Spain, France, and Austria. It was also the first of Pacini's operas to be performed in North America when a production was mounted in 1834 at New York's Italian Opera House.
Roles and premiere cast
Recordings
Pianist Rosemary Tuck, conductor Richard Bonynge and the English Chamber Orchestra recorded "Introduction et Variations Brillantes" sur le Marche de Gli arabi nelle Gallie for Naxos (8.573254) in 2015.
References
External links
Operas
1827 operas
Operas by Giovanni Pacini
Italian-language operas
Bianca Anghel (born July 25, 1985) is a Romanian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
World Single Distance Championships
2004 - Seoul, 19th at 1500 m
2004 - Seoul, 17th at 3000 m
European Allround Championships
2003 - Heerenveen, 16th
2004 - Heerenveen, 14th
2005 - Heerenveen, 20th
2008 - Kolomna, 25th
World Junior Allround Championships
2001 - Groningen, 34th
2002 - Collalbo, 24th
2003 - Kushiro, 10th
2004 - Roseville, 5th
2005 - Seinäjoki, 13th
National Championships
2002 - Miercurea Ciuc, 2nd at allround
2003 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 1000 m
2003 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 500 m
2003 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 1500 m
2003 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 3000 m
2003 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at allround
2004 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 1000 m
2004 - Miercurea Ciuc, 1st at 500 m
2004 - Miercurea Ciuc, 2nd at 3000 m
2004 - Miercurea Ciuc, 3rd at allround
Nordic Junior Games
2004 - Berlin, 2nd at 1000 m
External links
Anghel at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Anghel at SkateResults.com
1985 births
Living people
Romanian female speed skaters
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kurleigh Gittens Jr. (born September 20, 1997) is a professional Canadian football wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played U Sports football for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks where he was the OUA Most Valuable Player in 2017.
University career
Gittens played U Sports football with the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks from 2015 to 2018. He immediately saw playing time as a rookie in 2015, playing in all eight regular season games and recording 40 receptions for 461 yards and two touchdowns. He also returned kickoffs and punts, and notably scored a 101-yard kickoff return touchdown against the McMaster Marauders on October 17, 2015.
In 2016, he continued to contribute to a dominant 7–1 Golden Hawks team as he had 27 receptions for 461 yards and six touchdowns. He also scored on a 13-yard rushing touchdown and a 92-yard punt return touchdown this season while being featured more prominently on kick returns. The Golden Hawks advanced in the playoffs that year to the Yates Cup and the team recorded the largest fourth quarter comeback in the history of the OUA championship game as they scored 24 unanswered points to win the game against the home team Western Mustangs. Gittens scored on a three-yard touchdown catch to tie the game at 40–40 and the Golden Hawks later kicked a game-winning field goal to secure the victory.
Gittens had a breakout season in 2017 as he led U Sports football players in receptions with 75 and was second in the country with 953 receiving yards in eight games. His 75 receptions was a single-season record for the most in U Sports history. He also scored a career-high seven touchdowns this season (six receiving and one punt return) en route to being named a U Sports first-team all-Canadian at wide receiver and a U Sports second-team all-Canadian as a return specialist. For his outstanding 2017 season, Gittens was also named the OUA Most Valuable Player as the runner-up to the U Sports Hec Crighton Trophy.
In his fourth year in 2018, Gittens again posted dominant numbers as he caught 63 passes for 807 yards and three touchdowns and a career-high 39 punt returns for 396 yards and one touchdown. However, the Golden Hawks finished with a 4–4 record and failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time in his four years with the program. Nonetheless, Gittens was named a U Sports first-team all-Canadian at both the wide receiver and kick returner positions, becoming the first Laurier football player to be named to the first-team at two different positions (he was also the first to be named to a first-team and second-team the year prior). He also set the OUA record for career receptions with 206 and was just the fifth U Sports football player to record over 200 catches in a career. Of the five players to have reached this milestone, Gittens was the only one to accomplish this in four years, while the other four players did so in five years.
Professional career
In the final CFL Scouting Bureau Rankings, Gittens was named the 16th best available player in the 2019 CFL Draft. He was then drafted in the third round, 23rd overall, by the Toronto Argonauts in the 2019 draft and signed with the team on May 16, 2019. He began the 2019 season on the practice roster, but was elevated to the active roster in week 3 and played in his first professional football game on July 6, 2019 against the BC Lions. As the season progressed, his role with the team grew as he was featured on kick returns where he recorded his first three kickoff returns, which totaled 53 yards, in the Labour Day Classic against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He caught his first CFL pass on October 5, 2019 from McLeod Bethel-Thompson in a game against the BC Lions. With the Argonauts eliminated from post-season contention, Gittens started his first professional football game at wide receiver in the last game of the regular season on November 2, 2019 against the Tiger-Cats, but did not record any receptions. For the season, he played in 13 games and recorded one catch for 10 yards, two punt returns for eight yards, 14 kickoff returns for 230 yards, and one missed field goal return for 12 yards.
Gittens did not play in 2020 due to the 2020 CFL season being cancelled. On December 29, 2020, it was announced that Gittens had signed an extension with the Argonauts. In the first game of the 2021 Toronto Argonauts season against the Calgary Stampeders, on August 7, 2021, he scored his first professional touchdown on a 27-yard pass from McLeod Bethel-Thompson. In the pandemic-shortened 2021 CFL season, Gittens played in 13 regular season games where he had 50 receptions for 605 yards and four touchdowns and was named an East Division All-Star at season's end. He also played in the team's East Final loss to the Tiger-Cats where he had four receptions for 74 yards.
Personal life
Gittens was born in Guyana and moved with his father, Kurleigh Gittens Sr., to Ottawa when he was seven years old.
References
External links
Toronto Argonauts bio
1997 births
Living people
Canadian football wide receivers
Canadian sportspeople of Guyanese descent
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Guyanese emigrants to Canada
Guyanese players of Canadian football
Sportspeople from Ottawa
Toronto Argonauts players
Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks football players
Balanus trigonus is a species of barnacle in the family Balanidae. It is steep-sided, conical barnacle, has six shell plates and is pink in colour. They are opportunistic fouling organisms that are endemic to the Indo-Pacific region.
References
Barnacles
Crustaceans described in 1854
Taxa named by Charles Darwin
Kim Hyo-Il (born 7 September 1979) is a South Korean football midfielder who plays for Chungju Hummel in the K League Classic as a player-coach. Kim often plays as a defensive midfielder, but also as an attacking midfielder and right winger.
Club career
South Korea
In 2003, Kim signed with the Chunnam Dragons, a club based in the Korean city of Gwangyang that plays in the K-League. He transferred to Gyeongnam FC in the 2007 K-League season, and went on to play for the club until 2008. Kim has also played for Korean-based football clubs Busan I'Park and Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard.
Philippines
In 2012, Kim signed with the Loyola Meralco Sparks to play in the first division of the United Football League. He transferred to Stallion FC for the 2012–13 United Football Cup, and made his debut in a 6–0 win against Sta. Lucia FC.
Club statistics
Honours
Club
Stallion
UFL Division 1: 2013
UFL Cup: 2012
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
Jeonnam Dragons players
Gyeongnam FC players
Busan IPark players
Chungju Hummel FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Korea National League players
F.C. Meralco Manila players
Stallion Laguna F.C. players
South Korean expatriate footballers
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in the Philippines
Expatriate footballers in the Philippines
Gyeongsang National University alumni
Adam Gock is an Australian composer, creative director and music entrepreneur. He is the co-founder of The D.A's Office, a music production and composition house specializing in music for screen.
Career
Gock is a featured composer on the scores for over 300 TV series, and together with his creative and business partner Dinesh Wicks has won the APRA AMCOS Screen Music Award for 'Most Performed Composer – Australia' seven times (2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2015, 2012, 2011).
Gock and Wicks were recognized for their contribution to the Australian music industry in 2014 with the coveted APRA AMCOS International Achievement Award. Gock and Wicks expanded the company to include US operations in 2012 with offices in New York and Los Angeles. The D.A's Office also won the US ASCAP's Top Series Music Award in 2013 and 2014.
Gock is also the co-founder of the ScoreMofo music library and music for branded content agency LAMP. Some of Gock's best known works are the musical scores for series Masterchef, Shark Tank, Lego Masters, Sea Patrol, Holey Moley, and Hell's Kitchen. Gock and Wicks also write pop music under the moniker Cali Satellites with various guest vocalists.
References
External links
The DA's Office Official Website
APRA Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian composers
Crumbley is a surname. People with this surname include:
Alex Crumbley (1909–1938), American baseball player
Elmer Crumbley (1908–1993), American trombonist
Ethan Crumbley (born 2006), suspect in the Oxford High School shooting
James Crumbley (born 1976) and Jennifer Crumbley (born 1978), parents and suspected collaborators of Ethan
George Crumbley (1923–2009), founder of the Peach Bowl, an American football competition
See also
Greg Crumbly, American artist
Cape Robert () is an ice-covered point at the west side of Marret Glacier. It was discovered and named by the French expedition under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville in 1840. The name Robert is the first name of a member of the family of Dumont d'Urville. The point was roughly charted by the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under Mawson, 1911–14, and more recently delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
Headlands of Adélie Land
Enzkreis is a Landkreis (district) in the northwest of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Karlsruhe, Heilbronn, Ludwigsburg, Böblingen and Calw. The district-free Pforzheim area in the south is nearly completely surrounded by Enz.
History
The district was created in 1973, when the previous district Pforzheim was merged with parts of the neighboring districts Vaihingen, Leonberg and Calw. Some part of the district Pforzheim was included into the city Pforzheim.
The district Pforzheim dates back to 1939, when the Bezirksamt Pforzheim was split into the district and the district-free city.
Geography
The south of the Enz district covers the northern part of the Black Forest. In the north-west of the district is the Kraichgau, a mainly agricultural area. The main river is the Enz, a tributary of the Neckar.
International relations
Twin towns — Sister cities
Since March 1993 the district has an official partnership with the Italian province Reggio Emilia. Since 1996 the district has a partnership with the Polish city Mysłowice. As two municipalities left the city in a communal reform in 1995, the partnership also includes Imielin and Chelm Slaski. In March 2001 the Enz district together with the city Pforzheim started a friendship with the Hungarian Komitat Györ-Moson-Sopron.
Coat of arms
The four diamonds in the coat of arms represents the four historic territories covered by the district: the Black Forest, the Heckengäu, Kraichgau and Stromberg. The wavy line in the middle represent the river Enz, which also gave the name to the district.
Cities and towns
References
External links
Official website (German)
Karlsruhe (region)
Districts of Baden-Württemberg
The Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden was the highest association football league in the German states of Württemberg and Baden and the Prussian Province of Hohenzollern from 1923 to 1933. The league was disbanded with the rise of the Nazis to power in 1933.
Overview
The league was formed in 1923, after a league reform which was decided upon in Darmstadt, Hesse. It replaced the Kreisliga Südwest and the Kreisliga Württemberg as the highest leagues in the region.
The league started out with eight clubs from the two states and the Prussian province in the region, but without clubs from the Ulm, who were playing in the Bezirksliga Bayern and Mannheim, who played in the Bezirksliga Rhein instead. The eight clubs played each other in a home-and-away round with the top team advancing to the Southern German championship, which in turn was a qualification tournament for the German championship.
For the second and third seasons, 1924–25 and 1925–26, the modus remained unchanged.
For the 1926-27 season, the league was expanded to ten teams. The top team was again qualified for the finals. The runners-up of the Bezirksligas in the south from then on also played a championship round to determine a third team from the region to go to the German finals with the Karlsruher FV from the region qualifying for this.
After this season, the league was split into a Württemberg and a Baden group, the first having nine and the second eight teams. No final was played between the two group winners as both went on to the Southern German championship. The second and third placed team of each division would also advance to the separate round of the runners-up like in the previous season.
The 1928-29 season saw no change in modus but both leagues now operated on a strength of eight clubs. The qualification system for the finals also remained unchanged. This system remained in place until 1931.
For the 1931-32 season, both divisions were expanded to ten teams. The top-two teams from each league then advanced to the Southern German finals, which were now staged in two regional groups with a finals game between the two group winners at the end. The same system applied for the final season of the league in 1932-33.
With the rise of the Nazis to power, the Gauligas were introduced as the highest football leagues in Germany. In Württemberg-Baden, the Gauliga Württemberg and the Gauliga Baden replaced the Bezirksliga as the highest level of play.
National success
The clubs from the Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden did not manage to win a German championship in this era and were dominated by the much stronger competition from the Bezirksliga Bayern.
Southern German championship
1924:
Stuttgarter Kickers, 3rd place
1925:
Stuttgarter Kickers, 4th place
1926:
Karlsruher FV, 6th place
1927:
Karlsruher FV, 2nd place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round
VfB Stuttgart, 5th place
1928:
Phönix Karlsruhe, 8th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Union Böckingen, 6th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
SC Freiburg, 5th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
VfB Stuttgart, 4th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Stuttgarter Kickers, 5th place
Karlsruher FV, 4th place
1929:
Freiburger FC, 8th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Phönix Karlsruhe, 6th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
VfB Stuttgart, 5th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Stuttgarter Kickers, 4th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Germania Brötzingen, 6th place
Karlsruher FV, 5th place
1930:
Union Böckingen, 8th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Phönix Karlsruhe, 7th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Karlsruher FV, 4th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
VfR Heilbronn, 3rd place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Freiburger FC, 8th place
VfB Stuttgart, 5th place
1931:
Phönix Karlsruhe, 8th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
FV Rastatt, 7th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Stuttgarter Kickers, 5th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
1. FC Pforzheim, 4th place in the Bezirksliga-runners-up round southwest division
Union Böckingen, 8th place
Karlsruher FV, 5th place
1932:
VfB Stuttgart, 8th place southwest division
FV Rastatt, 7th place southwest division
1. FC Pforzheim, 4th place southwest division
Karlsruher FV, 3rd place southwest division
1933:
Union Böckingen, 8th place northsouth division
Phönix Karlsruhe, 6th place northsouth division
Karlsruher FV, 5th place northsouth division
Stuttgarter Kickers, 4th place northsouth division
German championship
No team from the region qualified for the German championship finals in this era.
Founding members of the league
Stuttgarter Kickers
Freiburger FC
1. FC Pforzheim
Stuttgarter SC
VfR Heilbronn
FC Mühlburg
SV Feuerbach
Phönix Karlsruhe
Winners and runners-up of the Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden
Placings in the Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden 1923-33
Clubs from Baden-division
Source:
Clubs from the Württemberg-division
Source:
References
Sources
Fussball-Jahrbuch Deutschland (8 vol.), Tables and results of the German tier-one leagues 1919-33, publisher: DSFS
Kicker Almanach, The yearbook on German football from Bundesliga to Oberliga, since 1937, published by the Kicker Sports Magazine
Süddeutschlands Fussballgeschichte in Tabellenform 1897-1988 History of Southern German football in tables, publisher & author: Ludolf Hyll
External links
The Gauligas Das Deutsche Fussball Archiv
German league tables 1892-1933 Hirschi's Fussball seiten
Germany - Championships 1902-1945 at RSSSF.com
1
1923 establishments in Germany
1933 disestablishments in Germany
Football competitions in Baden-Württemberg
Southern German football championship
Isobel "Issy" Pollard (born 2 December 1975) is an English former footballer who played for the England women's national football team. She played for several clubs at FA Women's Premier League level and for Betsele IF in Sweden.
Club career
Pollard played football at Old Town Primary School in Hebden Bridge. She was also an accomplished field hockey player, representing West Yorkshire Schools and Calderdale under-18s. After contacting the Women's Football Association (WFA) for a club, Pollard was put in touch with Yorkshire and Humberside League Bradford City, who she joined at youth level.
When the WFA formed a National League in 1991–92, Pollard wanted to play at the higher standard. She joined Bradford City's cross-town rivals Bronte, who had been admitted to the new Northern Division. Pollard's first goal for her new club was a 35-yard strike against Ipswich Town. Bronte narrowly beat Sheffield Wednesday to the title and took their place in an enlarged 10-team National Division for 1992–93.
Bronte's stalwart defender Clare Taylor left for Knowsley United in the close season and without her the team performed poorly in the top division. A violent altercation on the Bronte team bus saw Chantel Woodhead being throttled and Samantha Britton punching the assailant. The club were relegated and Pollard signed for Millwall Lionesses in the subsequent player exodus.
After brief spells in Sweden with Betsele IF and back at Bronte, Pollard was signed by Doncaster Belles in 1995. The transfer was agreed by outgoing manager Paul Edmunds prior to his departure, after Pollard attended a Doncaster Belles match as a guest of her former Bronte team-mate Chantel Woodhead. Pollard was the captain of the Leeds United team who reached the Women's FA Cup semi-final in 2000 and won promotion to the FA Women's Premier League National Division for the first time in 2001.
International career
Pollard was called into the senior England women's national football team at 16 years old, on the recommendation of her Bronte team-mate Clare Taylor. She remained in the squad for UEFA Women's Euro 1995 qualifying when The Football Association had taken over the women's team, and was capped at senior level by Ted Copeland. After an "accomplished season" with Doncaster Belles she was recalled by England for their UEFA Women's Euro 1997 qualifying play-off defeat by Spain in September 1996.
Personal life
Pollard later started a dog walking business in Hebden Bridge called "Rocket Dogz". In April 2021 she opened a raw dog food outlet.
References
General references
External links
Living people
English women's footballers
England women's international footballers
Women's association football midfielders
1975 births
Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. players
Sportspeople from Halifax, West Yorkshire
Millwall Lionesses L.F.C. players
Bradford City W.F.C. players
Bronte L.F.C. players
Expatriate women's footballers in Sweden
English expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Leeds United Women F.C. players
FA Women's National League players
Vulović () is a Serbian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ljubomir Vulović (1876–1917), artillery major in the Serbian Army
Vesna Vulović (1950–2016), Serbian flight attendant
See also
Vuković
Serbian surnames
The Wulka () is a river of Burgenland, Austria. Its basin area is .
The river springs near Forchtenstein and the border to Lower Austria. It flows through Trausdorf an der Wulka and discharges near Donnerskirchen into Lake Neusiedl, in former times a runoff-free lake, but nowadays drained by an artificial channel, the , into the Danube.
An article in the Journal of Hydrology stated that "Waste water treatment plants contributed up to 68% of monthly flow of River Wulka into the lake."
See also
Rosalia Mountains
References
Rivers of Austria
Rivers of Burgenland
Tourist attractions in Burgenland
Mu Muscae, Latinized from μ Muscae, is a solitary star in the southern constellation of Musca. It is visible to the naked eye as a faint, orange-hued star with an apparent visual magnitude of around 4.75. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 7.21 mas as seen from Earth, it is located about 450 light years from the Sun. The star is drifting further away with a radial velocity of +37 km/s.
This is an evolved K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K4 III, having exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core then cooled and expanded to 53 times the Sun's radius. It most likely on the red giant branch, rather than the asymptotic giant branch, and shows no signs of mass loss. Mu Muscae is a type Lb, oxygen-rich irregular variable with a small amplitude that ranges in visual magnitude between 4.71 and 4.76. It is radiating 602 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 3,930 K.
References
K-type giants
Slow irregular variables
Musca (constellation)
Muscae, Mu
Durchmusterung objects
102584
057581
4530
The Liplje Monastery () is a Serbian Orthodox monastery dedicated to the Annunciation and located in the Municipality of Teslić in northern Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It stands at the widest part of a narrow gorge through which a little river named Bistrica flows. The earliest mention of the monastery is found in a chronicle dated to the second half of the 15th century. During the 17th century, the monks of Liplje were active in transcribing religious books.
At some point during the Great Turkish War (1683–1699), the monastery was burned down by the Ottomans. Surviving monks fled north across the Sava River and found refuge in the Orahovica Monastery in Slavonia. They brought with them a number of their manuscript books, which thus became part of the Orahovica library.
Unlike the nearby Stuplje Monastery, Liplje was not razed to the ground. Its church was partially repaired so that it could serve as the parish church for the surrounding area. After Ottoman authorities permitted it, the church was restored between 1867 and 1879. The works were mostly funded through donations by the Serb population of the area. Remains of the church's old frescoes were carefully collected and buried beside its wall. In 1922, a bell tower was added at its western side. Almost three hundred years after the monastic community ceased to exist at the church, the Liplje Monastery was re-established in 1965. It was renovated in the 1980s, when the bell tower was removed.
References
Serbian Orthodox monasteries in Bosnia and Herzegovina
15th-century Serbian Orthodox church buildings
Teslić
15th-century establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Christian monasteries established in the 15th century
Buildings and structures in Republika Srpska
Ashley Daniel Walsh (born 11 January 1988) is an Australian racing driver who currently drives for Brad Jones Racing as a co-driver alongside Jack Smith in the Pirtek Enduro Cup.
Not to be confused with the beast Ash Walshe, world record holder in deadlift, and star of various movies.
Karting
Walsh was a dual Australian Karting Champion in 2003 at his local Ipswich Kart Track driving a Tony Kart. He won the Junior Clubman and Junior Piston Port categories. He also won the 2004 Australian CIK Karting Championships in a Trulli Kart/IAME Parilla with Remo Racing. Walsh took up motor racing in 1999 by racing karts at the Ipswich Kart Club.
Formula Racing
Walsh was part of the CAMS Rising Stars program for 2007 when he was runner-up in the 2007 Australian Formula Ford Championship whilst racing for Borland Racing Developments. In 2008 Walsh competed in the Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup (WEC) for Hitech Junior. Walsh finished 4th in the 2010 Genuine Ford Parts Australian Formula Ford Championship. Walsh only competed in limited races in 2009, including the final two rounds of the Australian Formula Ford Championship. Walsh was also the Rookie Driver for Australia in the A1 Grand Prix Series.
Touring Cars
In February 2011 he finished 16th in the 2011 Armor All Bathurst 12 Hour driving a Ryan McLeod run HSV VXR Turbo and then moved into the 2011 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series with the newly expanded Miles Racing. Walsh moved to Matt Stone Racing for the 2012 Dunlop Series and immediately achieved regular top-five finishes.
Walsh contested the 2015 V8 Supercars Championship for Erebus Motorsport in a Mercedes-Benz E63 AMG before and including the 2015 ITM 500 Auckland, after which he was dropped in favour of experienced drivers Dean Canto and Alex Davison. He contested the 2016 Enduro Cup with Tim Slade at Brad Jones Racing, finishing 7th at Bathurst despite dropping two laps down early in the race with a brake fire.
Career results
† Team result
Complete A1 Grand Prix results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Bathurst 12 Hour results
Supercars Championship results
Complete Bathurst 1000 results
‡Walsh was entered as a co-driver to Slade but withdrew and was replaced with Heimgartner.
References
External links
Official Webpage
Ashley Walsh profile on US Racing Reference
Formula Ford Profile
A1GP Info Page
1988 births
A1 Grand Prix Rookie drivers
Formula Ford drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 WEC drivers
Living people
Sportspeople from Ipswich, Queensland
Racing drivers from Queensland
Supercars Championship drivers
V8SuperTourer drivers
Dick Johnson Racing drivers
Matt Stone Racing drivers
Aston Martin Racing drivers
Çive is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Richard Pramotton (born 9 May 1964) is an Italian former alpine skier.
Biography
The brother of other alpine skier Roger, he was born at Courmayeur. He was a specialist of giant slalom, a discipline in which he scored three victories, all in 1986. He was the first Italian after the age of Gustav Thöni and Piero Gros to classify in the top five of the Alpine Skiing World Cup, with a fifth position overall in 1987.
Worls Cup results
Race victories
See also
Italy national alpine ski team at the Olympics
Italian skiers who closed in top 10 in overall World Cup
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers of Gruppo Sportivo Esercito
Sportspeople from Aosta Valley
People from Courmayeur
The chieftaincy institution in Ghana is a system that structures and regulates the activity of local chieftains (or monarchs) in the Ghanaian society and state.
Paper and legislation
In pre-colonial times, leadership was the axis of executive, legislative and judicial powers. Since the colonial era, the institution has been linked to Ghanaian politics. Several governments - the colonial, civilian, or military - have attempted, in one way or another, to influence the role of chiefs in political affairs.
The legislation that underpins the chieftaincy institution in Ghana currently is itself Ghana's constitution (chapter 270–277) and the chieftaincy act of 2008.
Categories of chiefs
The chiefs are divided by the act of leadership into 5 categories (as for authority):
Paramount Chiefs or Monarchs
Divisional Chiefs
Sub-divisional Chiefs
Adikrofo, and
Other minor Chiefs not falling within any of the preceding categories as are recognised by the Regional House of Chiefs.
This popular hierarchy system informally divides chiefs between royalty and nobility, using the European comparative scale of equivalence:
Royalty
They are the monarchs proper, who prevailed before colonization with sovereignty or complete autonomy (depending on the primacy). We can divide in:
Emperor: The leader of a whole ethnic group, usually referred to only as a king, but acting as "king of kings". It consists of a Chief Paramount Chief who has a primacy (currently only ceremonial) over all other chiefs of his ethnic group. One example is the Ashanti people who are led by the chief of Kumasi. Another example is the Ewe Fiaga, chief of all Ewe and based in Notsie, in turn, located in the Republic of Togo.
King: The paramount chief leads a traditional area, which can range from a grouping of towns and villages to a sub-ethnic group. He is always the chief (prince) of the capital of a traditional area and by his primacy is the chairman of the traditional council of his area. He is always present when a subordinate prince is installed.
Prince: The division chief is the base ruler of the system and is equated with a sovereign prince. The primary determinant of whether he will be a supreme chief (king or emperor) or not will be the size, relevance, and antiquity of the community (city, village group, or village) that he governs, as well as matriarchial lineage. His function is similar to that of a hereditary mayor, since the basic unit of elective Ghana is the district.
Nobility
The primary difference between the nobility and traditional royalty is the "stools" which the latter possess, that is, the thrones. Just as royal titles are very diverse and vary from ethnicity to ethnicity, so too are those of nobles, but when comparing them to the basic categories of the Western European standard we have:
Duke / Marquis: Development King or Chief: This is an honorific title, which is received by the installation ceremony and its protocol is similar to that of the royal chiefs, which makes him somewhat equivalent to the duke, who in turn in the West is the noble that most approaches the position of the prince. They are granted by each divisional chief (as a fons honorum) with the aim of seeking sponsors for his community. The title is a recent one in Ghana, and has been criticized for the confusion of its bearers with traditional kings. Often, those who receive it do not honor their commitment to development.
Head of Clan: Similar to the Scottish nobility the head of a sub-division is known as a clan chief within the traditional community. Sometimes, they are part of a divisional council.
Lord: The Adikrofo (a title that can vary from region to region) is the base of the system, without a city or class to lead but respected and at the service of every community.
Chivalry
A relatively new phenomenon has been observed in Ghana, as in other parts of Africa. Dynastic orders related to the royal chiefs and their lineages have begun to appear. Some examples:
Royal Order of the Lion of Godenu
Royal Order of the Elephant of Godenu
Royal Order of the Golden Fire Dog
These, on the one hand, have been an alternative to the banalization of the development chief category, but have themselves been criticized by certain conservative monarchists for not respecting the tradition of cavalry not belonging to the traditions of most of Africa, although few question reigning kings right to reformulate and create honors at will.
Notable chiefs
Paramount
Osei Tutu II
Togbe Afede XIV
Gariba II
Nene Klagbodjor Animle V
Divisional
Togbe Osei III
Oheneba Nana Kwame Obeng II
Development
Bob Geldof
LisaRaye McCoy
See also
Akan chieftaincy
Kingdom of Dagbon
National House of Chiefs
References
External links
http://nhoc.gov.gh/
Politics of Ghana
Tribal chiefs
African nobility
Sa Piling ni Nanay is a 2016 Philippine television drama series broadcast by GMA Network. It premiered on the network's Afternoon Prime line up and worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV from June 27, 2016 to January 27, 2017, replacing The Millionaire's Wife.
Mega Manila, Urban Luzon, and NUTAM (Nationwide Urban Television Audience Measurement) ratings are provided by AGB Nielsen Philippines.
Series overview
Episodes
June 2016
July 2016
August 2016
September 2016
October 2016
November 2016
December 2016
January 2017
Episode notes
References
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
Sir Douglas Harries (30 March 1893 – 6 December 1972) was an English first-class cricketer and an officer in the Royal Navy and the Royal Air Force. Harries began his military career with the Royal Navy, serving in the early stages of the First World War with the navy. He was seconded to the Royal Naval Air Service in 1915, serving mainly with airships. Following the war, he was permanently transferred to the Royal Air Force in 1919. He served with the Royal Air Force until the end of the Second World War, retiring as an air vice-marshal in 1946. Outside of his military career, Harries played first-class cricket for the Free Foresters.
Early life and military career
Harries was born at Sidcup and attended the Britannia Royal Naval College, graduating into the Royal Navy as a midshipman. After graduating he served aboard , , , and . By October 1913, he had been promoted to the rank of sub-lieutenant.
He served during the early stages of the First World War with the Royal Navy, before being seconded to the Royal Naval Air Service, where he was the commanding officer of Polegate Airship Station in 1915. He was promoted from the rank of flight lieutenant to flight commander in July 1916. By February 1917, he was a squadron commander at RNAS Kingsnorth. In August 1917, he was decorated by Italy with the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus. He was seconded to the Airship Branch in April 1918, and was appointed to the Air Ministry as a staff officer in June of the same year. He was awarded the Air Force Cross in the 1919 New Year Honours.
Royal Air Force service
Following the end of the war, Harries was awarded a permanent commission in the Royal Air Force (RAF) in August 1919, at which point he was granted the rank of squadron leader. With this permanent commission, he was removed from the Royal Navy list. He played first-class cricket for the Free Foresters, making two appearances each in both 1919 and 1920, scoring 112 runs with a high score of 34. In July 1920 he was based at RAF Howden in Yorkshire, serving at the base until it was disbanded in 1921. He was promoted to the rank of wing commander in January 1926 and the following month he was posted to an RAF depot in Egypt. He was appointed as head of the Intelligence Branch at the Directorate of Military Intelligence in 1930, before serving at the commanding officer of RAF Ramlah in Mandatory Palestine and RAF Amman in Transjordan in 1935 and 1936 respectively. He was promoted to the rank of group captain in July 1935, before being promoted to the rank of air commodore in November 1938.
Shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War, Harries was the air officer commanding RAF Cranwell. He was the air officer commanding No. 23 (Training) Group in January 1942, succeeding Keith Park. The following month he was made an acting air vice-marshal. He was made an MBE in the 1943 New Year Honours. He was promoted to the rank of air vice-marshal in November 1944. Following the war, he retired from active service in August 1946, in addition to being made a Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1947 New Year Honours. He died in December 1972 at Crondall, Hampshire.
References
External links
1893 births
1972 deaths
People from Sidcup
Graduates of Britannia Royal Naval College
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
Royal Naval Air Service personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force officers
English cricketers
Military personnel from Kent
Free Foresters cricketers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force air marshals
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Hamadryas was a nymph, the mother of the hamadryads in Greek mythology, and the name has been used repeatedly in scientific naming and may refer to:
Genera
Hamadryas (butterfly), a genus of brush-footed butterflies
Hamadryas (plant), a genus of plants
Species epithet
The hamadryas baboon, Papio hamadryas
Rejected scientific names
As a proposed (but rejected) generic name for the king cobra, a snake
As a junior synonym generic name for the Tellervini, milkweed butterflies
As a junior synonym generic name for the owl butterfly, genus Caligo, a group of butterflies with large spots
As a junior synonym generic name for a proposed monotypic genus for Euclemensia woodiella, a rare British moth
As a junior synonym species epithet for the lung breathing snail Bulimus eurystomus
The Oakdale Dump is an Environmental Protection Agency Superfund site located in Oakdale, Minnesota, and comprises three non-contiguous properties that were used for dumping from the late 1940s until the 1950s by the 3M corporation. The properties are named the Abresch, Brockman, and Eberle sites for their respective property owners at the time of disposal activities. The Abresch site is the largest of the three properties at about 55 acres. The Brockman site is located immediately southwest of the Abresch site and encompasses 5 acres. The Eberle site is located roughly 2,500 feet north of the Abresch site and encompasses 2 acres.
The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) investigated the three properties in 1980. Analysis of waste samples indicated that a variety of hazardous substances, particularly volatile organic compounds (VOCs), had been disposed in trenches at the Abresch and Brockman sites. Soil sampling at the Eberle site revealed a small amount of heavy metal contaminants.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) placed the Oakdale Dump site on the Superfund National Priorities List on September 8, 1983.
Threats and contaminants
A variety of hazardous substances, including VOCs such as isopropyl ether (IPE) and benzene, were disposed at the three sites. Soil sampling at the Eberle site revealed minimal heavy metals contamination. Analysis of residential well water revealed that nine shallow wells were contaminated with hazardous substances.
In 2007 3M signed an agreement with the MPCA to address perfluorinated compound (PFC) contamination, since PFCs are not listed as hazardous substances by Superfund law the EPA was not a signatory.
Cleanup progress
In September 1982, the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company (3M) conducted excavation tests in the trenches at the Abresch site and buried drum stockpiles were identified. 3M commissioned a surface cleanup of wastes at the Abresch site beginning in the winter of 1983. During the excavation activities, a total of 11,500 cubic yards of waste material was removed including 4,200 empty drums, 8,700 empty 5-gallon pails, 4,660 cubic yards of contaminated soil, and 15 intact containers that were over-packed. Most of the waste, 11,800 tons, was transported to the 3M Chemolite incinerator in Cottage Grove, Minnesota. An additional 6,500 tons of excavated waste containing more than 50 parts per million (ppm) of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were transported to a hazardous waste landfill for disposal. Excavated soils with low levels of contamination were treated on-site utilizing construction aeration pads. Approximately 173,000 gallons of contaminated water was collected during excavation activities and transported for treatment at the 3M Chemolite facility.
Abandonment of multi-aquifer wells was completed in 1984. There had previously been 44 multi-aquifer wells identified within the groundwater plume. Of these 44 wells, 39 were abandoned, 3 were added to the monitoring well network, and 2 were found to be single aquifer wells completed within an unaffected aquifer. Wells were abandoned in accordance with the Minnesota Department of Health Water Well Construction Code.
EPA completed the first five-year review at the site in March 1993 and MPCA completed the second five-year review in March 1998. The third five-year review, completed by EPA in April 2004, found that the groundwater remedy was removing VOCs from the glacial drift and was controlling plume migration. In 2009, MPCA completed the fourth five-year review which found that the remedy is functioning as intended and is protective of human health and the environment in the short term. Long-term protectiveness will be ensured once institutional controls are in place.
Property reuse
The 2 acre Eberle site has since been redeveloped as a city park, the 5 acre Brockman site has been partially redeveloped for commercial use while the most heavily polluted property, the 55 acre Abresch site is still undeveloped and undergoing cleanup.
See also
List of Superfund sites in Minnesota
Timeline of events related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances
References
External links
Oakdale Dump EPA Fact Sheet[Dead Link]
Investigating PFCs in groundwater near the Washington Co. Landfill (adjacent property)
Superfund sites in Minnesota
Geography of Washington County, Minnesota
Norco Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer founded in 1964 and headquartered in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.
The company was founded by Bert Lewis and initially operated from a converted chicken coop in a rural area. Norco was one of the first manufacturers of ten-speed bicycles and helped popularize BMX cycling. By 2014 the company line consisted of over 125 models shipped worldwide.
Norco Factory Team
In 2022 the team consists of 24 riders, including
Bryn Atkinson - DH Race/Slalom
Gwendalyn Gibson - Cross Country
Jill Kintner: DH Race/Slalom/Enduro/PT
Peter Disera: Cross Country
Ryan Leech: Trials/Tech Trails
References
Mountain bike manufacturers
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1964
Cycle manufacturers of Canada
Port Coquitlam
Manufacturing companies based in British Columbia
Krakda (Arabic: كراكدة) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It part of Brézina district and has a population of 2.103, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32160 and its municipal code is 3215.
Communes of El Bayadh Province
The 1797 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on February 16, 1797. Incumbent James Ross was re-elected by the Pennsylvania General Assembly to the United States Senate.
Background
After Sen. Albert Gallatin was removed from office after his eligibility was successfully challenged, James Ross was elected by the General Assembly, consisting of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and Pennsylvania State Senate, in 1794 to fill the remainder of the unexpired term, which was to expire on March 4, 1797.
Results
The Pennsylvania General Assembly convened on February 16, 1797, to elect a Senator to fill the term beginning on March 4, 1797. The results of the vote of both houses combined are as follows:
References
External links
Pennsylvania Election Statistics: 1682-2006 from the Wilkes University Election Statistics Project
1797
Pennsylvania
United States Senate
Danny Almonte Rojas (born April 7, 1987) is a Dominican-American former baseball player who is currently an assistant baseball coach at Cardinal Hayes High School in New York City. Born in Moca in the Dominican Republic, Almonte was a Little League pitcher who threw up to . Considered a phenomenon as he led his Bronx team to a third-place finish in the 2001 Little League World Series, Almonte was revealed to have actually been two years too old to play Little League baseball. Although there were many allegations during the 2001 Series, the truth was not revealed until weeks later.
Little League phenomenon
In 2000, Danny Almonte moved to The Bronx, New York City, where he began playing Little League baseball. His father, Felipe, who had moved to the U.S. six years earlier, had begun a youth baseball league in Moca that still bears his name.
With his high leg kick and a fastball that reached a top speed of 76 miles per hour (the equivalent, for that distance, of a 102 mph major-league fastball), the 5-foot-8 Danny soon became a sensation. His imposing frame won him the nickname "Little Unit," a nod to Randy "Big Unit" Johnson. He threw a no-hitter in the 2001 Mid-Atlantic Regional finals against State College, Pennsylvania, sending his team to the Little League World Series in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
In a round-robin game four days later, Almonte threw the first perfect game in the Little League World Series since 1979, against the team from Apopka, Florida. However, his team was defeated by the same Florida team in the U.S. championship game (Almonte could not pitch in the championship game under Little League rules, as he had pitched a complete game the day before). He finished the 2001 tournament with 62 strikeouts (out of 72 batters faced), giving up only three hits in three starts, and only one unearned run. Almonte's team, nicknamed "the Baby Bombers" because they played in the shadow of Yankee Stadium, was the feel-good story of the Little League World Series, and were honored before a New York Yankees game shortly after the Series. They also received the key to the city from Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Concerns about age
Almonte's imposing appearance and command on the mound, as well as the velocity of his fastball, led to rumors that he was older than 12 years old, the age limit for Little League Baseball. A team from Staten Island hired a private investigator to look into the ages of the entire team. A similar investigation was conducted by a team from Pequannock Township, New Jersey. Neither turned up any evidence that the players were too old. Rolando Paulino, the league president, adamantly insisted that Almonte had in fact been born on April 7, 1989. Paulino was initially backed by Little League and Dominican officials, who said the Baby Bombers had followed all proper procedures regarding age verification. Officials at Little League headquarters even took the unusual step of checking each of the player documents due to the rumors surrounding the team. Little League officials had increased scrutiny of player eligibility after the 1992 Series, in which the champions from Zamboanga City in the Philippines were stripped of their title due to a large number of out-of-district and overage players.
Reporters from Sports Illustrated went to the civil records building in Moca two weeks after the end of the 2001 Series. They discovered a notation in the birth ledger showing that in 1994, Felipe Almonte had registered his son's birth date as April 7, 1987 at Dr. Toribio Bencosme Hospital—which would have made him 14 years old at the time of the 2001 Series. It was common for Dominican parents to wait years before registering the birth of a child. Their report, posted on the magazine's website just before being published, triggered a full investigation by Little League, even as Almonte and his teammates were being feted in the Bronx. Almonte's mother, Sonia Rojas Breton, owned a handwritten birth certificate saying that he had been born at home in Jamao with the help of a midwife in 1989. She had registered Danny's 1989 birth date in 2000.
Both of Almonte's parents, though separated, insisted their son was born in 1989, condemning the other documents as false. Felipe Almonte appeared on Good Morning America at the time of the investigation, proclaiming his son's innocence.
Almonte's real age
As part of Dominican officials' investigation, Victor Romero, head of the national public records office, interviewed the witnesses whose signatures appeared on the 1989 birth certificate. They both denied knowing Danny's parents, let alone signing the certificate. On August 31, Romero announced that Danny had in fact been born in 1987.
As a result, Danny Almonte was retroactively declared ineligible, and the Baby Bombers had to forfeit all their wins in tournament play. All of their records were removed from the books, and the team was required to demonstrate compliance with all regulations before entering the 2002 tournament. Felipe was banned from Little League competition for life. Paulino was also banned, since Little League rules make the league president responsible for player eligibility. Dominican prosecutors filed criminal charges against Felipe for falsifying a birth certificate. Danny, who did not speak English at the time, apparently knew nothing about the falsified documents and was cleared of wrongdoing. Little League president Stephen Keener said that Danny and his teammates had been "used ... in a most contemptible and despicable way" and that "millions of Little Leaguers around the world were deceived." ESPN's Jim Caple called Felipe "the worst stereotype of the Little League parent sprung to life." Danny's godmother later begged forgiveness, saying that "we had to commit this little fraud" to give Danny a chance to compete in a tournament as significant as the Little League World Series.
About the same time, New York City child welfare officials discovered that Danny had not been enrolled in school for the 2000–01 year—which would be a violation of state law, and grounds for placing him in foster care. Danny's registration listed him as attending Public School 70 in the Bronx. However, Dominican school officials said they had records that Danny had actually attended school in the Dominican Republic until June 15. This would have made him ineligible for the Little League World Series even if he had actually been 12 years old. Little League rules require a player to have appeared in at least half of his team's games by June 15 in order to be eligible for the all-star team that competes in the tournament. Danny then enrolled at Public School 52 in the Bronx in September.
Aftermath
After his father's visa expired, Danny Almonte remained in New York under the guardianship of Rolando Paulino. He played, along with four of his former teammates, in the 2004 Public Schools Athletic League championship. In early 2005, Almonte moved to the Miami area, where he did not play baseball due to residency requirements. The following year he returned to New York, where he pitched for James Monroe High School in the Bronx.
In May 2006, Almonte announced he was married to 30-year-old Rosy Perdomo. The wedding took place in 2005, when Almonte was 18.
While in the National Amateur Baseball Federation (NABF) wood-bat summer league, he played for Youth Service.
There had been some reports that Almonte would be selected in the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft, though this did not happen. He attended a Major League tryout in October 2006. After the draft he said he would play baseball for New Mexico Junior College in Hobbs, New Mexico. The team made it to the National Junior College championship game in 2007. Later that year, Almonte joined the Southern Illinois Miners of the Frontier League, an independent minor-league circuit—and thus forfeited his NCAA collegiate eligibility. He pitched his first game on May 27, 2007, against the Evansville Otters. The Miners lost, 3–2. He was released on June 30, 2007. Almonte's record was 0–1, with a 5.29 ERA in six appearances. By at least one account, his poor performance was due to his being out of shape at the time.
In fall 2007, Almonte enrolled as a freshman in Western Oklahoma State College, a community college in Altus, Oklahoma, where he pitched and played right field for the Pioneers. Almonte and the Pioneers were ranked fourth in the National Junior College Athletic Association Division 2 poll and advanced to the NJCAA D-2 World Series. Almonte finished as one of the top hitters in JUCO baseball, hitting .497 with fourteen home runs and going 7–1 with one save as a pitcher. In his second year at the school, Almonte hit .472, with eighteen home runs, and had a pitching record of 9–0. Despite those statistics, however, he was not selected by any Major League Baseball organization in the Rule 4 draft.
Forced to give up pitching due to a sore arm, Almonte played semi-pro baseball in the summer of 2009 as an outfielder. As of 2010, Almonte had returned to the Bronx, where he was serving as a volunteer assistant coach for his high school alma mater's baseball team. At that time, he was reportedly no longer with his wife, though he would not discuss details of the relationship. Almonte indicated an intent to return to semi-pro baseball that summer, after the end of the school year, but said that he no longer held expectations of some day playing in the Major Leagues.
In popular culture
The episode "Foul Play" of the legal drama series Law & Order was inspired by Almonte's story.
References
External links
Ex-Little Leaguer Almonte throwing in Frontier League
1987 births
Living people
Dominican Republic emigrants to the United States
NMJC Thunderbirds baseball players
Little League World Series
Sports controversies
Age controversies
Cheating in baseball
Sportspeople from the Bronx
Southern Illinois Miners players
Andreas Kneller (variants: Kniller, Knöller, Knüller) (23 April 1649 – 24 August 1724) was a German composer and organist of the North German school.
Life
Born in Lübeck, he was the younger brother of portrait painter Sir Godfrey Kneller. Nothing certain is known about his musical education, though he may have learnt from Franz Tunder (1614-1667), organist of St. Mary's Church, Lübeck, or his own uncle Matthias Weckmann (ca. 1616-1674), organist of St. Jacob's Church, Hamburg. In 1667, he became organist of the Marktkirche in Hanover, succeeding Melchior Schildt (1592-1667). In 1685, he moved to Hamburg, where he became organist of the Petrikirche. It was there that he made the acquaintance of Johann Adam Reincken; he went on to marry his daughter Margaretha Maria in 1686. Kneller's son-in-law Johann Jacob Hencke became his assistant in 1717, and succeeded in him in 1723. Kneller was well respected as a musician, and often acted as an examiner of organs and organists. He was part of the group that examined the candidates for organist at the Jacobikirche, Hamburg, in 1720, which included J.S. Bach (though he did not appear for an audition, he was still chosen for the post but had to decline).
Works
His surviving compositions consist of a few works for organ, typical of the North German baroque toccata form: free passages alternating with fugal sections; this style was described as 'a free way of composition, not subject to any constraints' by Athanasius Kircher (1601-1680), and is thus a sort of stylus phantasticus. These are preludes and fugues in D minor, G major and F minor, originally written in tablature, at the church of Mylau, Saxony. They are published in an edition by K. Beckmann, Wiesbaden, 1987. He also wrote a partita with eight variations on Nun komm der Heiden Heiland (Come now, saviour of heathens) (2 vars. published in K. Straube: Choralvorspiele alter Meister, Leipzig, 1907). Three other fragments of preludes also survive. An organ Te Deum attributed to 'A. Kniller' is believed to be the only known work by a different composer by the name of Anton Kniller.
Further reading
W. Apel: Geschichte der Orgel- und Klaviermusik bis 1700 (Kassel, 1967; English translation, 1972)
G. Frotscher: Geschichte des Orgelspiels und der Orgelkomposition (Berlin, 1966)
J.G. Walther: Musicalisches Lexicon, oder Musicalische Bibliothec
J.R. Shannon: The Mylauer Tabulaturbuch: a Study of the Preludial and Fugal Forms in the Hands of Bach's Middle-German Precursors (dissertation, University of North Carolina, 1961)
A. Edler: Der nordelbische Organist (Kassel, 1982)
Sources
Horace Fishback/Ulf Grapenthin: 'Kneller [Kniller, Knöller, Knüller], Andreas', Grove Music Online ed. L. Macy (Accessed 2007-06-07), http://www.grovemusic.com/
Friedhelm Flamme: notes to recording Organ Works of the North German Baroque III, cpo records 777 246-2
Scores
German Baroque composers
German classical organists
Organists and composers in the North German tradition
German male organists
Musicians from Lübeck
1649 births
1724 deaths
18th-century keyboardists
18th-century classical composers
German classical composers
German male classical composers
18th-century German composers
18th-century German male musicians
Male classical organists
Jessica Ryde (born 18 May 1994) is a Swedish handball player for Herning-Ikast Håndbold and the Swedish national team.
She represented Sweden at the 2020 European Women's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lund
Swedish female handball players
Expatriate handball players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
FCM Håndbold players
Lugi HF players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of Sweden
William C. Varner is an American biblical scholar. He is Professor of Biblical Studies & Greek at The Master's University.
Varner studied at Bob Jones University, Dropsie College, Biblical Theological Seminary, and Gratz College.
In 2021, a Festschrift was published in his honor: Written for Our Instruction: Essays in Honor of William Varner.
References
Living people
American biblical scholars
Bob Jones University alumni
Dropsie College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lorenzo Renzi (Vicenza, 1939), Italian linguist and philologist.
Biography
Lecturer of Romance philology at the Paduan Athenaeum, he has chaired the Società Linguistica Italiana.
He is author of several works in the field of linguistics.
Main works
La lingua italiana oggi: un problema scolastico e sociale, a cura di Lorenzo Renzi e M. A. Cortelazzo, Bologna, Il Mulino, 1977.
Grande Grammatica italiana di consultazione, a cura di L.Renzi, Giampaolo Salvi e Anna Cardinaletti, 3 voll., Bologna, Il Mulino, 1991.
Le tendenze dell'italiano contemporaneo. Note sul cambiamento linguistico nel breve periodo, in “Studi di Lessicografia italiana”, XVII, 2000, pp. 279–319.
Etimologia scientifica e etimologia retorica, in L'Accademia della Crusca per Giovanni Nencioni, Firenze, Le Lettere, 2002, pp. 465–482.
Il cambiamento linguistico nell'italiano contemporaneo, in N. Maraschio e T. Poggi Salani (a cura di), Italia linguistica anno Mille, Italia linguistica anno Duemila, Roma, Bulzoni, 2003, pp. 37–52.
Il controllo ortografico del computer come tutore della norma dell'italiano, in Gli italiani e la lingua, a cura di Franco Lo Piparo e Giovanni Ruffino, Palermo, Sellerio, 2005, pp. 199–208.
Manuale di Linguistica e Filologia romanza, (con A. Andreose), Bologna, il Mulino, 2003.
Grammatica dell'italiano antico, a cura di Giampaolo Salvi e Lorenzo Renzi, Bologna, il Mulino, 2010, 2 voll., pp. 1745.
Notes
1939 births
Living people
Writers from Rome
Romance philologists
Italian philologists
Linguists from Italy
Grammarians of Italian
Grammarians from Italy
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1950–51 season.
League standings
Division 2 Nordöstra 1950–51
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Sydvästra 1950–51
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Dounet is a town and sub-prefecture in the Mamou Prefecture in the Mamou Region of Guinea.
References
Sub-prefectures of the Mamou Region
The 1999 Milton Keynes Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Milton Keynes Unitary Council in Buckinghamshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Labour 27
Liberal Democrat 19
Conservative 4
Independent 1
Background
In the February before the election Milton Keynes held a referendum on the level of council tax increase there would be and the corresponding changes in services that would be made. Voters on a 45% turnout chose the middle option of a 9.8% increase, which meant that council tax levels were not a major issue in the election campaign.
Election result
The results saw Labour hold onto a majority on the council after the other parties failed to make the 2 gains needed to deprive Labour of control. Overall turnout in the election was 29.1%.
Ward results
References
1999 English local elections
1999
1990s in Buckinghamshire
The 1971 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) during the 1971 NCAA University Division football season. In their eighth and final season under head coach Tommy Hudspeth, the Cougars compiled a 5–6 record (3–4 against WAC opponents), finished fourth in the WAC, and outscored opponents by a total of 227 to 199.
Pete Van Valkenburg led the team with 602 rushing yards, 684 yards of total offense, and 48 points scored. Other statistical leaders included Bill August with 448 passing yards, Golden Richards with 238 receiving yards, and Dave Atkinson with nine interceptions.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Brooke Spence (born 4 March 1988) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Australian W-League team Brisbane Roar.
Honours
Club
Brisbane Roar:
W-League Premiership: 2008–09
W-League Championship: 2008–09
International
Australia
AFF Women's Championship: 2008
References
Australian women's soccer players
Brisbane Roar FC (A-League Women) players
A-League Women players
1988 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
is a Japanese footballer who plays for AC Nagano Parceiro.
Club statistics
Updated to end of 2018 season.
References
External links
Profile at Albirex Niigata
Profile at Tochigi SC
1992 births
Living people
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Shonan Bellmare players
Tochigi SC players
Albirex Niigata players
AC Nagano Parceiro players
Association football defenders
WXKD (920 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Brantley, Alabama, United States. The station is owned by Roscoe Miller, through licensee Autaugaville Radio, Inc. It normally airs an Urban Contemporary format.
History
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on October 28, 1982. The new station was assigned the call letters WYNI by the FCC on December 22, 1982. WYNI received its license to cover from the FCC on March 31, 1983.
In January 1993, Hub City Broadcasting Corp., then-recently acquired by Joe McKissick, reached an agreement to transfer the license for this station to McKissick Enterprises. The deal was approved by the FCC on February 24, 1993, and the transaction was consummated on April 9, 1993.
In August 1999, McKissick Enterprises contracted to sell WYNI to Walter J. Bowen's Southern Media Communications of Monroeville, Inc., for a reported $36,500. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 22, 1999, but the transaction was never consummated and the license stayed with McKissick Enterprises.
In February 2007, McKissick Enterprises reached a new agreement to sell this station to Brantley Broadcast Associates, LLC—again for a reported $36,500 in cash. This deal was approved by the FCC on April 30, 2007, and the transaction was consummated on June 6, 2007. The new owners had the callsign changed to WEZZ on July 5, 2007, as part of a swap between several co-owned radio stations.
On December 31, 2008, a petition for reconsideration of the license transfer authorization was filed by Tri-State Communications, Inc. As of February 18, 2009, that petition was awaiting action by the FCC.
Silent
WEZZ went off the air on March 28, 2008, and ceased broadcasting "as the result of losing its tower site." In April 2008, Brantley Broadcast Associates notified the FCC that they had suspended operations and requested special temporary authority to remain silent. The station's application further states that it was "presently reviewing its options regarding obtaining a new site." In August 2008, the FCC granted the requested special temporary authority which was to expire on February 23, 2009.
Construction permit
In 2004, then-owner Joe McKissick had applied to change the city of license for WYNI from Monroeville, Alabama to Harahan, Louisiana, and shift frequencies to 1190 kHz. In October 2007, the FCC dismissed the request due to the change in ownership of the existing license, which is not permitted by the 2004 frequency auction process.
In December 2008, WEZZ filed a new application with the FCC to move its broadcast transmitter, change its community of license to Brantley, Alabama, shift frequencies to 920 kHz, and decrease daytime power to 450 watts with a critical hours authorization for 450 watts as well. The relocated station would be a daytime-only station with no nighttime signal. This application was accepted for filing on December 18, 2008, and further authorization is pending. The move is part of a three-station shuffle with WAOQ in Brantley moving to Goshen, Alabama, and WGZZ in Dadeville moving to Waverly, Alabama.
On March 13, 2020, the station changed its call sign to WXKD. Effective October 9, 2020, Brantley Broadcast Associates sold WXKD and translator W292HL to Roscoe Miller's Autaugaville Radio, Inc. for $50,000.
References
External links
XKD
Radio stations established in 1983
1983 establishments in Alabama
Nardini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonio Nardini (born 1922), Italian historian and author
Daniela Nardini (born 1968), Scottish actress
Erika Nardini, founder and CEO of Barstool Sports, sports and pop culture blog
Girolamo Nardini (c. 1460–1538), Italian painter of a late-Gothic and early Renaissance styles
Guido Nardini (1881–1928), Italian aviator
, Italian actress
Nicolò Nardini (1678–1697), Italian Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acquapendente
Paul Joseph Nardini (1821–1862), German diocesan priest, founder of the religious congregation of the Poor Franciscan Sisters of the Holy Family
Pietro Nardini (1722–1793), Italian composer and violinist
Riccardo Nardini (born 1983), Italian footballer
Sadie Nardini, American creator of Core Strength Vinyasa Yoga, a modern style of Hatha Yoga
Stefano Nardini (died 1484), Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal
Tom Nardini (born 1945), American actor
Tommaso Nardini (1658–1718), Italian priest and painter of the Baroque period
Gustavo Nardini (born 1982), Brazilian creative director nowadays working in Europe
Italian-language surnames
Nea Agathoupoli () is a village in Pieria, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Pydna-Kolindros, of which it is a municipal community. The 2011 census recorded 267 residents in the village.
See also
Pydna-Kolindros
List of settlements in the Pieria regional unit
References
Populated places in Pieria (regional unit)
The Hebbel-Theater (Hebbel Theatre) is a historic theatre building for plays in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. It has been a venue of the company Hebbel am Ufer (HAU) from 2003.
The theatre, with approximately 800 seats, was built by Oskar Kaufmann in 1907/08 in Jugendstil. The corner building is integrated into the row of houses. It was an early and unique work by the theatre architect, and established his fame as a master theatre builder who then created five more theatres in Berlin. The Hebbel-Theater thrived in the 1920s. It was the only Berlin play theatre to survive World War II almost without damage. The Hebbel-Theater, the and the Theater am Ufer are all venues of HAU.
History
History and construction period
In May 1906, the Hungarian theatre director (aka Jenö Kovázs) planned the construction of a Schauspielhaus in Berlin with the intention of staging popular and modern acting there. He remembered having seen a bedroom's design at an exhibition in Wertheim the same year, by Oskar Kaufmann, who afterwards gained experience in theatre building with the Berlin architect Bernhard Sehring. Robert commissioned him to build a playhouse at Berlin's Café Central.
Kaufmann found the property in the southern Friedrichstadt, which the registered Theater in der Königgrätzer Straße acquired in October 1906 for 460,000 marks. The corner plot was located between Belle-Alliance-Platz and Askanischer Platz in what is now Stresemannstraße 61, in a middle-class residential area. The theatre was incorporated into the existing .
Kaufmann delivered the first designs for the theatre in August 1906. Construction was postponed due to the sudden death of the financier Herzfeld causing financial uncertainties. In addition, the Ministry of Public Works initially refused permission due to unsettled legal relations of the adjacent private road on which the theatre was to be built. After minor changes to the plans, the execution of the construction could finally begin in February 1907. In addition to Kaufmann, three other collaborators were involved in the design of the theatre, architects Albert Weber and San Micheli Wolkenstein, and the private lecturer and structural engineer Bruno Schulz.
The 1920s heyday
The theatre was opened on 29 January 1908 after a three-month construction period. It was named Hebbel-Theater, after the playwright Friedrich Hebbel who died in 1863. His was chosen to celebrate the opening. Robert, the founder and first director of the theatre, had to give up the management at the beginning of 1909 due to financial problems; and was criticised for numerous miscasts, unfavourable choices of plays and the lack of independent direction. After a short period of self-administration, the two directors and Rudolf Bernauer followed, and the theatre was renamed Theater in der Königgrätzer Straße on 30 September 1911. One of the stars was Maria Orska who appeared as Wedekind's Lulu in 1916, and as Wilde's Salome.
The Hebbel-Theatre had its heyday in the 1920s, when Paul Wegener, Tilla Durieux, Elisabeth Bergner and Fritzi Massary appeared in plays by Henrik Ibsen, August Strindberg, Frank Wedekind and later in works by William Shakespeare and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. The repertoire was expanded to include comedies, social satires, political comedies and operetta-type performances, in keeping with prevailing audience preferences. took over the management in 1925, and engaged stars such as Hans Albers, Fritz Kortner, Paul Hörbiger and Curt Bois. In 1927, Hans Kaltneker's mystery The Sister was performed, with Orska as Ruth. He also engaged director Erwin Piscator.
During the Nazi era, the theatre was gleichgeschaltet in 1934, under the general directorship of Eugen Klöpfer from the Volksbühne, who completely renewed the equipment and reduced the hall to 672 seats. The house was largely spared destruction in the Second World War, apart from a bomb that hit it in the 1943/44 season, damaging the foyer and the roof of the stage. By the end of July 1945, the theatre was operational again.
Post-war period and restoration work
In 1945, the Hebbel-Theater was the only working theatre building in Berlin. For the reopening on 15 August 1945, the Dreigroschenoper by Brecht and Weill was performed, with Hubert von Meyerinck as Mackie. Restoration work on the house was led by Karl-Friedrich Demmer in 1946/47. He had the oak entrance doors replaced with plain wooden portals, covered the roof of the front of the building with tiles and made many changes in the design of the interior. The theatre, in the American Sector, was renamed Hebbel Theatre, and was soon considered the most important stage in West Berlin. Due to its unique position in the destroyed city, it was always a sold-out venue for modern US and Western playwrights. Admission could be bought by offering coal for heating. The artistic director until 1948 was Karlheinz Martin. In line with the denazification, his repertoire favoured works by playwrights who had been defamed between 1933 and 1945. With the reopening of the larger Schiller Theater in 1951, the Hebbel Theatre lost importance. On 1 September 1952, Klaus Kinski performed there in the world premiere of the ballet (or mimodram) The Idiot, based on Dostoyevsky's The Idiot, with music by Hans Werner Henze and choreography by Tatjana Gsovsky.
1960 until present
After the Hebbel-Theater was transferred to a private company in 1952, it became popular again in the 1960s as a Volkstheater. Rudolf Külüs was the director, and engaged popular stars such as Hans Epskamp, Harald Juhnke, Inge Meysel, Klaus Schwarzkopf and Rudolf Platte. The theatre was modernised in 1960 by the architect Sigrid Kressmann. She preferred pastel colours, made the house appear brighter by wide glass doors, and covered the walls with roughcast. She also installed advertising lettering above the entrance portals that could be seen from afar, and renovated the lighting in the interior. After Külüs' death, his wife Hela Gerber took over the management, but was unsuccessful. After years of financial difficulties, the Hebbel Theatre era ended with bankruptcy in 1978. Afterwards, the theatre was used as an alternative venue by other theatres including the Schaubühne am Halleschen Ufer, and as a guest venue. In 1984, the revival of Carl Graun's opera Montezuma took place there. The theatre was saved from being demolished by being a listed monument under Denkmalschutz. Since 1972, the theatre has been owned by the City of Berlin. A restoration completed in 1987 returned the house to Kaufmann's design. Financed by the Senate of Berlin, it aimed at making the venue available for the 750th anniversary of the city. It conveniently served also a year later when Berlin was European Capital of Culture.
In 1989, Nele Hertling took over as managing director and artistic director of the house. Through her efforts, the theatre became an internationally respected stage for contemporary theatre. She had to rely exclusively on guest performance groups, as the theatre did not have its own ensemble. In 2003, the Hebbel Theatre merged with the Schaubühne am Halleschen Ufer and the Theater am Ufer in the 2003/04 season to form Hebbel am Ufer (HAU). The artistic director was Matthias Lilienthal until July 2012, when he was succeeded by the Belgian Annemie Vanackere.
Architecture
Due to the narrow plot, Oskar Kaufmann decided to erect a with two facades, a main facade on Stresemannstraße and a secondary facade on the adjacent private street. This form of building a theatre with tiers strictly separates the auditorium from the stage and at the same time offers the possibility to integrate numerous seats.
The structure of the theatre serves optimal use of space and a clear disposition, divided into a front building with anterooms (entrances, cloakrooms, staircases and foyers), the audience and stage house and the administrative wing. On the secondary facade, this grouping of front and rear buildings is visible. Both facades are covered by a bossage almost up to the gable, with a sculptural effect by the block bond of alternately wide and narrow stone courses. The representative main facade of shell limestone is preceded by a perron leading to the three entrances set into the wall. The facade is crowned by a polygonal bay bordered by a balustrade and terminated by a gable with a copper roof. This niche-like construction is articulated by elongated window tracks and oculi. The latter are framed by relief figures. The subdivision by windows is repeated on the staircases to the left and right of the bay and on the front of the secondary facade. The rounded gable of the front facade is decorated on the sides with mask reliefs by Hermann Feuerhahn. The design of the main facade is a novel form, and was copied by other architects, such as Fritz Schumacher for the Dresden Crematorium. Kaufmann's exterior architecture is striking in its absence of superfluous building elements. The construction and decoration of the building are largely limited to necessities and serve above all the actual purpose of the building: the theatre performances. The rear buildings are hardly noticeable due to their simple, functional design and plastering. In front of the towering stage house are the two stair towers, which are covered by simple domed roofs. The facades of the three rear buildings appear withdrawn due to the uniform vertical arrangement of the windows and the simple plastering without decorative elements.
Interior design and furnishings
The front building of the Hebbel-Theater houses the entrances and vestibules to the auditorium. An oak-lined entrance hall, where the box-office counters are located, leads to cloakrooms and walkways panelled with rosewood. From there, side staircases lead to the main foyer and the tiers. The second tier is reached from the outside via two staircases. The two-storey main foyer, the theatre's representative room, is built in an oval-elliptical shape and panelled with reddish-brown mahogany and black pear wood. In the upper finish there are inlays of rosewood and mother-of-pearl.
Kaufmann attached great importance to the interior decoration of all rooms. Even the administration and dressing rooms were especially furnished and carefully decorated by him.
Auditorium
The auditorium is in a reduced two-aisle layout. Here, the second tier is not completely brought forward to the stage space in order to provide all spectators with the best viewing conditions and to prevent a distorted view of the stage. The tail shape of the balustrade is characteristic of Kaufmann's architecture and was also used as a single-aisle system in the end the Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre in Königsberg. The two cylindrical towers on either side of the stage, each housing stairs, match the curved tiers. The 800-seat auditorium is almost entirely covered with reddish to golden-brown stained panels of birch wood and was originally additionally decorated with valuable silk fabrics. The monotony of a usual rank theatre is avoided by rounding off the ramps. The wooden panelling, which was made by the company E. E. Lehmann, extends up to the second tier and also includes the two towers. This cladding creates the uniform impression of the room, which is deliberately not broken up by the installation of rear boxes behind the first tier and thus represents Kaufmann's decisive innovation in comparison with other theatre constructions of the time. The ceiling is unadorned and without the "obligatory" chandelier.
Stage space
Oskar Kaufmann aimed for a strict separation of stage and auditorium by designing the stage frame similar to a picture frame. This funnel-shaped proscenium promotes the impression of a peep-box stage and was to become a characteristic feature of Kaufmann's architecture. With the almost square format of 12 m height as well as width of the opening, the play on stage appears as a framed picture, thus completely spatially separating the dramatic action from the audience hall.
The spacious stage house (19 × 16 × 14 m) included a novel revolving stage with a diameter of 12.3 metres. Kaufmann's concept also included musical and opera performances. The first rows of stalls in the auditorium could be removed and the cavity beneath them used as an orchestra pit.
References
Further reading
Antje Hansen: Oskar Kaufmann. Ein Theaterarchitekt zwischen Tradition und Moderne. (Die Bauwerke und Kunstdenkmäler von Berlin. Beiheft; 28). Gebr. Mann Berlin 2001, .
Dirk Jonkanski: Das Hebbel-Theater von Oskar Kaufmann. In Gerard Kutzsch (ed.): Der Bär von Berlin. Jahrbuch des Vereins für Geschichte Berlins. , vol. XXXVIII/XXXIX (1989/1990), .
Christiane Kühl: 100 Jahre Hebbel-Theater. Angewandtes Theaterlexikon nach Gustav Freytag. Hebbel am Ufer, Berlin 2008
Dietrich Worbs: Komödie und Theater am Kurfürstendamm. Das Erbe von Oskar Kaufmann und Max Reinhardt. Deutscher Kunstverlag, München [among others] 2007, .
Documentation
Neugier & Risiko. Das Berliner Hebbel-Theater und seine europäischen Partner. documentation, Germany 1997, 60 Min., dir.: Christoph Rüter.
External links
The Hebbel Theater berlinlayers.com 16 April 2014
Theatres in Berlin
Art Nouveau architecture in Berlin
1900s architecture
James Scully (born 1937, New Haven, Connecticut) is an American poet. Died 12/11/20.
Biography
Scully attended Roman Catholic grammar and high schools. He was a beneficiary of the post–World War II economic expansion, including tuition-free access to a local teachers college. In 1964, supported by a National Defense Fellowship, he received a Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut.
Recently he published a journal of impressions, incorporating historical information following a visit to the former Yugoslavia. This was published originally in Serbian translation. Azul Editions published the English language text: Vagabond Flags: Serbia & Kosovo (2009).
Angel in Flames: Selected Poems & Translations 1967-2011 is the most recent of eleven books of poems. A collection of critical essays, Line Break: Poetry As Social Practice (1988) was reissued in 2005 with a foreword by Adrienne Rich. The many translations and co-translations include Aeschylus' Prometheus Bound (1975) with C J Herington, “The Complete Plays of Sophocles” (2011) with Robert Bagg, various Latin American texts plus Quechua texts or songs teased from Spanish translations. He was the founding editor of the Art on the Line series published by Curbstone Press: booklets of essays and interviews by 20th century artists and writers speaking to where their art and their social engagement interact.
Awards
Winner of the 1967 Lamont Award for "The Marches".
recipient of a 1973 Guggenheim Fellowships. "Santiago Poems".
Fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts
Ingram Merrill Foundation Fellowship (Rome, Italy 1962 - 1963)
Quechua Peoples Poetry, Winner of the 1977 Islands & Continents Translation Award
Jenny Taine Memorial Award
Bookbuilders of Boston Award for book cover design (“Apollo Helmet” 1983)
California State University, Chico has named a poetry reading series for him.
Works
Poetry
Boxcars (Azul Editions 2006)
Words Without Music (Privately Printed limited edition 2004)
Communications (with Grandin Conover, Poetry Signature Six, The Massachusetts review, 1970)
Translations
Essays
References
External links
"James Scully," Poetry Foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/james-scully
University of Connecticut faculty
American male poets
1937 births
Living people
The North Carolina Comedy Arts Festival is an annual comedy festival in Carrboro, North Carolina, United States.
The festival was started in 2001 by Zach Ward (of Dirty South Improv Comedy Theater) as an improv showcase and improv seminars. The festival has grown year over year. In 2009 it added stand up comedy and in 2010 expanded to include sketch comedy and film as well as extending into a month-long festival in Carrboro, North Carolina.
References
External links
Official site
Festivals in North Carolina
Comedy festivals in the United States
Tourist attractions in Orange County, North Carolina
Comedy film festivals
Pecka is a market town in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,300 inhabitants. The historic town centre with the castle ruin is well preserved and is protected by law as an urban monument zone.
Administrative parts
Villages of Arnoštov, Bělá u Pecky, Bukovina u Pecky, Horní Javoří, Kal, Staňkov and Vidonice are administrative parts of Pecka.
Geography
Pecka is located about northwest of Hradec Králové. It lies in the Giant Mountains Foothills. The Javorka River flows next to the market town.
History
The Pecka Castle was founded in the early 13th century. The first written mention of Pecka is from 1322, when a settlement started to grow below the castle. In 1382, it was promoted to a town. In the late 16th century, the Gothic castle was rebuilt to a Renaissance residence. The most famous owner of the castle was Kryštof Harant until his death in 1621. In 1830, the castle was burned down and turn into a ruin.
Sights
The Pecka Castle is open to the public and contains several expositions.
The Church of Saint Bartholomew was built by Carthusians in 1751–1753, when it replaced an old stone church from 1603.
References
External links
Pecka Castle
Market towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Jičín District
Daniel O'Malley is an Australian science fiction writer from Canberra.
Biography
O'Malley graduated with an undergraduate degree from Michigan State University and a master's degree in medieval history from Ohio State University. He worked for the Australian Transport Safety Bureau writing press releases and acting as a spokesman. His first novel, The Rook, was released in 2012 and was a winner of the 2012 Aurealis Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. The Rook has also been made into a mini-series on the Starz network with Emma Greenwell in the role of Myfanwy Thomas.
Publications
The Rook (2012)
Stiletto (2016)
Blitz (Working title Take Flight) (scheduled 2022)
References
Australian public servants
Australian science fiction writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Unryū (雲龍) or Cloud Dragon, a mythical creature in Japanese folklore, may refer to:
Warships
Unryū-class aircraft carrier, World War II Japanese aircraft carriers
Japanese aircraft carrier Unryū, the lead ship of her class of fleet aircraft carriers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during World War II
JS Unryū (SS-502), a Japanese Sōryū-class submarine launched in 2008
Other uses
Akari Unryu, an anime character
Unryū Kyūkichi, early 19th-century sumo champion
fiber from the paper mulberry tree is sometimes known as Unryū and is also known as Washi
Charshahi Union () is an Union Parishad of Lakshmipur Sadar Upazila of Lakshmipur, Bangladesh. It has an area of 18.80 km2 (7.26 sq mi) and a population of 46873. There are 13 villages in the union: Nurullapur, Charshahi, Choto Bollovpur, East Jafarpur, Rahimpur, East Sahapur, Titarkandi, East Sayedpur, Rampur, Itkhola, Jaliyakandi, Gobindhapur, Jogannathpur.
References
http://charshahiup.lakshmipur.gov.bd/
Unions of Lakshmipur District
are a football club in Kashima, Ibaraki, currently playing in the J1 League, top tier of Japanese professional football leagues. The name Antlers is derived from the city name, Kashima, which literally means "deer island". The club has financial backing from Mercari, a Japanese e-commerce company.
Since the J.League's creation and introduction of professional Japanese football in 1993, Kashima have proven themselves to be by far Japan's most successful football club in terms of trophies won, having won the J.League title a record eight times, the J.League Cup a record six times and the Emperor's Cup five times for an unprecedented nineteen major domestic titles. Kashima became Asian champions when they won their first and last AFC Champions League title in 2018.
Kashima are also one of only two clubs to have competed in Japan's professional top-flight football every year since its inception (the other being Yokohama F. Marinos).
History
The name 'Antlers' is derived from the city of Kashima (鹿嶋), which literally translates to 'Deer Island'. The club crest not only resembles deer antlers but it also reflects the image of rose thorn as it is the official flower of Ibaraki, the home prefecture of the club. Deer are amiable animals and are viewed in some religions as spiritual messengers. In fact, Kashima Shrine, one of the most famous shrines in Japan and located in close proximity to the club headquarters, have kept and raised deer for more than 1,300 years as spiritual symbol. Deer are affectionate animals but are also known for their courageous character as they battle each other head-to-head with lethal antlers.
Founded in 1947 as Sumitomo Metal Industries Factory Football Club in Osaka and moved to Kashima, Ibaraki in 1975. It played in the semi-professional Japan Soccer League (JSL). They were promoted to the JSL's top flight in 1984, but never made much of an impact, going down in 1985/86, returning in 1986/87 and going down again in 1988/89. Its last standing in the JSL was 2nd in the Second Division for 1991/92.
After the formation of the fully professional J.League, Sumitomo, like all other clubs, stripped the corporate brand from the club's name and reformed as the Kashima Antlers. Kashima was essentially promoted to the new top flight, as many JSL First Division clubs decided to relegate themselves being unprepared for professionalism. (Of the original 10 J.League founding member clubs, Kashima and Shimizu S-Pulse were newly promoted. Ironically, Kashima had defeated a forerunner of Shimizu's, Nippon Light Metal/Hagoromo Club, to earn its JSL Second Division place back in 1974).
Since the J.League's creation and introduction of professional Japanese football in 1993, Kashima have consistently been amongst the strongest clubs in the country, holding several distinctions and records. Led by former Brazilian star and Japanese national team coach Zico in the club's formative years, Kashima were the first club to win a J.League stage, claiming the 1st stage of the inaugural season in 1993. This laid a platform for continuous greatness and long after the Kashima icon had departed, in 2000 Kashima became the first J.League club to achieve the "treble", by winning all three major titles: J.League, J.League Cup, and Emperor's Cup in the same year.
In recent times, by clinching the 2007 J.League title they became the first and only club in Japan to have won ten domestic titles in the professional era. In 2008 they became the first and only club to successfully defend the J.League title on two occasions. In 2009 they became the first and only club to win three consecutive J.League titles. With victories in back to back J.League Cups in 2011, 2012 and most recently followed by their 2015 victory, Kashima extended their unmatched record of major domestic titles in the professional era to seventeen.
To this day, Kashima has maintained strong ties with the football community in Brazil, a fact borne out of Zico's past affiliation with the club. Kashima's Brazilian connection has manifested itself in both the club's player transfer and coaching policy resulting in only three non-Brazilian foreign players and predominantly Brazilian managers signing for Kashima since the inception of the J.League.
The population of Kashima city is a mere 60,000 and for that reason club has also adopted the surrounding cities of Itako, Kamisu, Namegata and Hokota as its official hometowns, all in Ibaraki Prefecture. The combined population of five cities is 280,000. Antlers home games are played at Kashima Soccer Stadium, one of the 2002 FIFA World Cup venues with capacity of 40,000.
In 2016, they became the first Asian club to reach the FIFA Club World Cup final following a 3–0 victory over South American champions Atlético Nacional. In the final, after a 2–2 draw against European champions Real Madrid after 90 minutes, they were beaten 4–2 after extra time.
Colour, sponsors and manufacturers
Kit evolution
Slogans
Sponsors
List of Sponsors for 2022 season:
Lixil Group
Yellowhat
Nippon Steel Corporation
Riso Kagaku Corporation
Kaneka
Connect
Nike
Suntory
Mebuki
Sekisho
NTT Docomo
Showa Sangyo
Josokk
Toyopet
Mercari
Players
Current squad
Type 2
Type 2
Type 2
Type 2
Out on loan
Reserve squad (U-18s)
Management and support staff
Manager history
Record as J.League member
Attendance
Financials
Revenue & Expenditure
Assets & Net Worth
Honours
Sumitomo Metal FC
All Japan Senior Football Championship
Winners (1): 1973
JSL Division 2
Champions (2): 1984, 1986–87
Kashima Antlers
Domestic
J1 League
Champions (8): 1996, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2016
Emperor's Cup
Winners (5): 1997, 2000, 2007, 2010, 2016
J.League Cup
Winners (6): 1997, 2000, 2002, 2011, 2012, 2015
Japanese Super Cup
Winners (6): 1997, 1998, 1999, 2009, 2010, 2017
International
FIFA Club World Cup
Runner-up (1): 2016
AFC Champions League
Winners (1): 2018
A3 Champions Cup
Winners (1): 2003
Suruga Bank Championship
Winners (2): 2012, 2013
Personnel awards
J.League Player of the Year
Jorginho (1996)
Marquinhos (2008)
Mitsuo Ogasawara (2009)
J.League Top Scorer
Marquinhos (2008)
J.League Best Eleven
Santos (1993)
Shunzo Ono (1993)
Yasuto Honda (1993)
Naoki Soma (1995, 1996, 1997, 1998)
Jorginho (1996)
Bismarck (1997)
Yutaka Akita (1997, 1998, 2000)
Atsushi Yanagisawa (1998, 2001)
Daijiro Takakuwa (2000)
Akira Narahashi (2001)
Mitsuo Ogasawara (2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2009)
Kōji Nakata (2001)
Hitoshi Sogahata (2002)
Daiki Iwamasa (2007, 2008, 2009)
Marquinhos (2008)
Atsuto Uchida (2008, 2009)
Yuya Osako (2013)
Gaku Shibasaki (2014)
Mu Kanazaki (2015)
Gen Shoji (2016, 2017)
Daigo Nishi (2017, 2018)
Everaldo (2020)
J.League Rookie of the Year
Atsushi Yanagisawa (1997)
Gaku Shibasaki (2012)
Caio (2014)
Ryotaro Araki (2021)
J.League Manager of the Year
João Carlos (1997)
Oswaldo de Oliveira (2007, 2008, 2009)
Masatada Ishii (2016)
World Cup players
The following players have been selected by their country in the World Cup, while playing for Kashima Antlers:
Akira Narahashi (1998, 2002)
Naoki Soma (1998)
Yutaka Akita (1998)
Atsushi Yanagisawa (2002, 2006)
Hitoshi Sogahata (2002)
Kōji Nakata (2002)
Mitsuo Ogasawara (2002, 2006)
Takayuki Suzuki (2002)
Atsuto Uchida (2010)
Daiki Iwamasa (2010)
Lee Jung-soo (2010)
Gen Shoji (2018)
Naomichi Ueda (2018)
Olympic players
The following players have represented their country at the Summer Olympic Games whilst playing for Kashima Antlers:
Atsushi Yanagisawa (2000)
Kōji Nakata (2000)
Masashi Motoyama (2000)
Tomoyuki Hirase (2000)
Hitoshi Sogahata (2004)
Atsuto Uchida (2008)
Kazuya Yamamura (2012)
Naomichi Ueda (2016)
Ayase Ueda (2020)
Koki Machida (2020)
Former players
International capped players
In popular culture
In the Captain Tsubasa manga series, two characters were players of Kashima Antlers. The Brazilian midfielders Luciano Leo (himself loosely based on Leonardo) and Pepe were colleagues of Flamengo's Carlos Santana and São Paulo FC's Tsubasa Ozora.
Notes
References
External links
Official Website
Official Website
J.League clubs
Japan Soccer League clubs
Football clubs in Japan
Association football clubs established in 1947
Kashima, Ibaraki
Emperor's Cup winners
Japanese League Cup winners
Mitsui
Sports teams in Ibaraki Prefecture
1947 establishments in Japan
AFC Champions League winning clubs
Sinogram may refer to:
Sinograph, a Chinese character (Hanzi), especially when used in a different language
Radon transform, a type of integral transform in mathematics
A visual representation of the raw data obtained in the operation of computed tomography
Otto Schwerdgeburth (5 March 1835, Weimar - 22 December 1866, Weimar) was a German painter and engraver who mainly painted historical subjects.
Life
Schwerdgeburth was born from the second marriage of Carl August Schwerdgeburth, a well-known engraver and painter. He was first a pupil of his father and later studied under Friedrich Preller. He then travelled to Belgium where from 1856 to 1860 he studied at the Antwerp Academy of Fine Arts.
The Antwerp Academy played an important role in the Belgian historical painting movement. Schwerdgeburth became acquainted with leading artists of this school of painting such as Jan August Hendrik Leys, Jan Swerts and Godfried Guffens. He lived in Guffens' home for a while.
In Antwerp he worked from 1856 to 1858 with Jan Swerts and Godfried Guffens on murals in the restored Old Bourse of Antwerp. The murals after designs by Jan Swerts and Godfried Guffens depicted scenes from Antwerp's glorious trading past in a style reminiscent of the German Nazarene movement. These works were later destroyed by fire but some of the designs survive through engravings Schwerdgeburth made. Under the direction of Jan Swerts and Godfried Guffens, he also worked in 1859 together with Florens Claes on The Seven Sorrows of Mary in the Church of Our Lady in Melsele in Belgium.
He returned to Weimar in 1860 where he worked on various historical paintings. Suffering from ill health, he went to Bad Reichenhall for cures. After his health improved he spent time in Salzburg where he worked on the painting The Salzburg Protestants which he finished in 1863 after a second stay in Salzburg. This painting was very well received. He worked on other historical paintings. In order to make a painting on the execution of Andreas Hofer he travelled to Verona and from there on to Florence, Rome and Naples. He died not long after his return from Rome.
Work
Only a few works by him are known. His paintings show the influence of the Belgian history painter Ferdinand Pauwels. He also made a number of etchings.
Pictures of Otto Schwerdgeburth are in the collections of the Wallraf-Richartz-Museum in Cologne, in the Kunsthalle Bremen and Schlossmuseum Weimar.
Works
Faust's Easter walk, 1864, oil on canvas, 83.5 × 184.5 cm, Wallraf-Richartz Museum, Cologne
The Salzburg Protestants‘ final look at their home, Kunsthalle Bremen
Andreas Hofer goes to his execution, Schlossmuseum Weimar
References
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German male painters
German engravers
Artists from Weimar
1835 births
1866 deaths
1975–76 Gillette Cup may refer to any of three domestic one-day cricket competitions:
1975–76 Gillette Cup (Australia)
1975–76 Gillette Cup (South Africa)
1975–76 Gillette Cup (West Indies)
Saint Castulus (died 286) is venerated as a martyr. According to tradition, he was the chamberlain (or officer, valet) of Emperor Diocletian and the husband of Saint Irene of Rome.
Biography
A convert to the Christian religion, he sheltered Christians in his home and arranged for religious services inside the palace of the emperor. Among those he sheltered were Mark and Marcellian. He is one of the saints associated with the life and legend of Saint Sebastian.
With his friend Saint Tiburtius, he converted many men and woman to Christianity and brought them to Pope Saint Caius to be baptized. He was betrayed by an apostate named Torquatus and taken before Fabian, prefect of the city.
Castulus was tortured and executed by being buried alive in a sand pit on the Via Labicana. According to tradition, Irene subsequently buried the body of the martyred Saint Sebastian. She was later martyred herself, around 288 AD.
Veneration of St. Castulus
A church dedicated to him at Rome, built on the site of his martyrdom, existed from at least the seventh century.
Castulus was venerated in Bavaria after relics of his were taken to Moosburg. Duke Heinrich der Löwe started the construction of the Kastulus Minster in 1171.
In 1604, some relics were also brought to Landshut. His relics still rest in Landshut's church of St. Martin's and Kostel Sv. Haštala (Church of St.Castulus), Prague.
References
External links
St. Castulus
Castulus (Kastulus)
SV. HAŠTAL (KASTUL)
San Castulo, Mártir
286 deaths
Converts to Christianity from pagan religions
Culture of Altbayern
3rd-century Romans
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Deaths by live burial
Year of birth unknown
Dallas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,116, making it the fourth-least populous county in Arkansas. The county seat is Fordyce. Dallas County is Arkansas's 49th county, formed on January 1, 1845; it was named for George M. Dallas, 11th Vice President of the United States.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 7
Highway 8
Highway 9
Highway 46
Highway 48
Adjacent counties
Grant County (northeast)
Cleveland County (east)
Calhoun County (southeast)
Ouachita County (southwest)
Clark County (west)
Hot Spring County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,482 people, 2,969 households, and 1,797 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 9,210 people, 3,519 households, and 2,431 families residing in the county. The population density was 14 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,401 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 56.96% White, 40.98% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 1.01% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. 1.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,519 households, out of which 29.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.00% were married couples living together, 13.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 28.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 24.50% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 17.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 94.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,608, and the median income for a family was $32,630. Males had a median income of $28,538 versus $17,884 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,610. About 13.30% of families and 18.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.80% of those under age 18 and 20.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Prior to 2004, this county was considered an "ancestral" Democratic county, where Democrats won every presidential race with exceptions for the 1968 campaign of George Wallace and the 1972 and 1984 landslides of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, respectively. Former Governor Bill Clinton won this county twice in his presidential runs: 1992 and 1996. Al Gore won this county in 2000, the most recent Democrat to do so.
Communities
Cities
Carthage
Fordyce (county seat)
Sparkman
Townships
Bunn
Chester (Carthage)
Dry Run (part of Fordyce)
Fordyce (most of Fordyce)
Holly Springs
Jackson
Liberty
Manchester
Manning
Nix
Owen (Sparkman)
Princeton
Smith
Southall
Willow
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dallas County, Arkansas
References
1845 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1845
Bruce Hudson may refer to:
Bruce Hudson (soccer) (born 1950), American soccer forward
Bruce Hudson (curler) (1928–2016), Canadian curler
, an oil tanker
Casper Bisgaard Sloth (; born 26 March 1992) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Icelandic club Stjarnan.
Club career
AGF
Sloth started his youth career at Brabrand IF. He joined AGF academy in 2004, and progressed through the youth system.
Sloth made his AGF senior debut in the Danish Superliga championship on 7 December 2009, aged 17. The game was a 1–1 draw with Esbjerg fB at AGF's NRGi Park stadium. In 2008, former teammate Benny Feilhaber proclaimed Sloth as 'the greatest current talent in Danish football'.
On 1 May 2010, he opened his scoring account for AGF with two goals in a 4–1 win against Silkeborg IF. In October 2012 he was voted Superliga Player of the Month.
During the 2013–14 season, Sloth was unable to help prevent AGF from being relegated from the Danish Superliga.
On 22 August 2014, Yorkshire Evening Press journalist Phil Hay tweeted that a deal had been agreed for Sloth to join Leeds United on a three-year deal.
Leeds United
Sloth joined Football League Championship side Leeds United on 25 August 2014 on a three-year deal. He was allocated the number 33 shirt for the 2014–15 season. The fee for Sloth was believed to be in the region of £600k.
Sloth made his debut for Leeds on 30 August against Bolton Wanderers. He made 14 appearances in all competitions in his first season at the club, he was favoured more by head coaches Dave Hockaday and Darko Milanic for the first half of the season, with him barely being used by head coach Neil Redfearn in the second half of the season. On 31 July 2015, Sloth was given the number 29 shirt for the upcoming 2015–16 season.
AaB
On 4 July 2016, Sloth returned to Denmark, signing for AaB for an undisclosed fee.
Silkeborg
In July 2017, Sloth moved to Silkeborg IF on a two-year deal.
Motherwell
On 21 May 2019, it was announced that Sloth had signed a two-year deal with Scottish Premiership side Motherwell, with the move due to be completed in June. He left the club on 31 January 2020, his contract being cancelled by mutual consent, having only played once as a substitute in the Scottish League Cup.
Notts County
On 20 August 2020, Notts County announced that Sloth had signed for the club.
On 6 October 2020, it was announced that Sloth had left Notts County.
Helsingør
On 29 October 2020 it was confirmed, that Sloth had returned to Denmark and signed with Danish 1st Division club FC Helsingør for the rest of the year. He made his debut for the club on 27 November in a 2–1 victory over Fremad Amager, coming on as a second-half substitute.
Stjarnan
On 13 June 2021, Sloth signed with Icelandic club Stjarnan.
International career
Sloth has also played more than 30 games for various Danish youth selections, including eight games for the Denmark national under-21 football team.
On 14 November 2012, he made his debut for the senior team in a friendly in Istanbul against Turkey. Sloth played the first half in a game which ended 1–1, and was hailed as one of Denmark's best players of the game.
On 5 March 2014, Sloth started for Denmark in a 1-0 loss to England at Wembley; Sloth put in an impressive performance though he did get booked for a bad tackle on England's Steven Gerrard. Denmark lost to a late goal from Daniel Sturridge.
Media
In Denmark, Sloth was also the face of Scandinavian hair wax company ID Hair.
References
1992 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Association football midfielders
Denmark youth international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark international footballers
Brabrand IF players
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Leeds United F.C. players
AaB Fodbold players
Silkeborg IF players
Motherwell F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
FC Helsingør players
Stjarnan players
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
English Football League players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in England
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Footballers from Aarhus
María Victoria Moreno Márquez (1 May 1939 – 22 November 2005) was a Spanish writer and teacher. She was one of the pioneers of literature for children and young people in Galician. The Day of Galician Literature was devoted to her on 17 May 2018.
Life
Born in a town bordering Portugal, she was the daughter of a lawyer and a teacher, studied in Barcelona and graduated in Romance Studies from the University of Madrid, where she was taught by Rafael Lapesa and Dámaso Alonso. After spending two years in Lugo and some time in Vilalonga (Sanxenxo), where she began to write Anagnórise, she arrived in Pontevedra in 1963 as a teacher (later a professor) and taught at the IES Valle-Inclán and the IES Gonzalo Torrente Ballester.
She actively participated in the cultural and political life of Pontevedra. Her fascination from a very young age with Galicia and its language led to an absolute commitment to the defence and promotion of Galician.
Works
In Galician
Children's literature
Mar adiante, Sada, Ediciós do Castro, 1973.
A festa no faiado, Vigo, Galaxia, 1983.
A brétema, Vigo, Galaxia, 1985.
Leonardo e os fontaneiros, Vigo, Galaxia-SM, 1986. 3º Barco de Vapor Award.
Anagnórise, Vigo, Galaxia, 1988. Also in Biblioteca Galega 120.
O cataventos, Santiago de Compostela, Sotelo Blanco Edicións, 1989.
¿Un cachiño de bica?, Vigo, SM, 1994.
¿E haberá tirón de orellas?, Vigo, Galaxia, 1997.
Guedellas de seda e liño, Vigo, Galaxia, 1999.
Eu conto, ti cantas, Vigo, Edicións Xerais de Galicia, 2005.
O amor e as palabras, Urco Editora, 2017.
Essays
As linguas de España, Santiago, Colección Andel n.º 9, Xunta de Galicia, 1991.
Verso e prosa, Santiago, Colección Andel n.º 15, Xunta de Galicia, 1991.
Diario da luz e a sombra, Vigo, Xerais, 2004.
Narrative
Querida avoa, Vigo, Contos do Castromil, 1992.
Poems
Elexías de luz, Vigo, Xerais, 2006.
Translations
Mecanoscrito da segunda orixe (Mecanoscrit del segon origen, 1974), Manuel de Pedrolo, Vigo, Galaxia, 1989.
Collective works
"O cataventos", in Contos pra nenos, Vigo, Galaxia, 1979.
"Comentarios de texto: descubrir a realidade", in Xornadas da Lingua Galega no Ensino, Santiago, Xunta, 1984.
Literatura século XX. Iniciación universitaria, Vigo, Galaxia/SM, 1985. With Xesús Rábade Paredes.
"Nico e Miños", in 8 contos, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 1989.
"Querida avoa", in Lerias, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 1991.
"S.O.S.", in Contos de hogano, Santiago de Compostela, El Correo Gallego, 1992.
"O libro das saudades e os degoiros", in Ruta Rosalía 1993, Caixa Galicia. Santiago de Compostela, 1993.
"Pan con chocolate", in Relatos para un tempo novo, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 1993.
"Discurso pronunciado por Xesús Alonso Montero no acto no que recibiu o Pedrón de Ouro", in Comentarios de textos populares e de masas, Vigo, Xerais, 1994.
"¿Escritora alófona eu?", in Poetas alófonos en lingua galega, Vigo, Galaxia, 1994.
E dixo o corvo..., Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 1997.
"¡Xa non-teño medo!", in A maxia das palabras, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 1998–1999.
"Amigos de mil cores", in Campaña de Lectura 2001, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 2001.
"Carta de amor", in Carlos Casares: a semente aquecida da palabra, Santiago de Compostela, Consello da Cultura Galega, 2003.
"O encontro", in Un libro, a maior aventura, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 2003.
"O grumete", in Contos de charlatáns, grumetes, botas e fendas, Santiago de Compostela, Xunta de Galicia, 2004.
In magazines
"Estou a escribir a contrarreloxo". Interview with Xosé A. Neira Cruz, Fadamorgana. Santiago de Compostela, nº 3 (December 1999).
In Spanish
Editions
Os novísimos da poesía galega / Los novísimos de la poesía gallega (bilingual edition), Madrid, Ediciones Akal, 1973.
In magazines
"M.V.M., una profesora feliz de serlo". CLIJ: cuadernos de literatura infantil y juvenil (Barcelona) (41): 48–50. 1992.
Novel
Alcores de Donalvar. 1969. In Galician: Onde o aire non era brisa, Galaxia, 2009.
Translations
El perro Rin y el lobo Crispín, 1986 (Carlos Casares).
References
Bibliography
"Moreno Márquez, María Victoria". Dicionario biográfico de Galicia 3. Ir Indo Edicións. 2010–2011. p. 7.
"Moreno Márquez, María Victoria". Diciopedia do século 21 2. Do Cumio, Galaxia & do Castro. 2006. pp. 1411–1412. .
"Moreno Márquez, María Victoria". Gran Enciclopedia Galega Silverio Cañada (DVD). El Progreso. 2005. .
Blanco García, Carmen (1991). Literatura galega da muller. Edicións Xerais de Galicia. .
Casalderrey, F.; Aleixandre, M. (2918). María Victoria Moreno: a muller que durmía pouco e soñaba moito . Vigo: Xerais.
Fernández del Riego, F. (1990). Diccionario de escritores en lingua galega. Sada: Ediciós do Castro. p. 288.
Fernández Paz, Agustín (1989). 28 libros da literatura infantil e xuvenil galega. Xunta de Galicia. .
Ríos, Eli (2016). Mulleres bravas da nosa historia. María Victoria Moreno. Urco Editora. pp. 36 (s/n). . CC BY-NC-ND
Soto, I (1999). "Á beleza polo lirismo e a tenrura. Achegamento á obra de María Victoria Moreno". Fadamorgana. Revista galega de literatura infantil e xuvenil (3): 17–21.
———— (1998). "Dous estremeños na literatura galega: Mª Victoria Moreno e Xosé Antonio Perozo”". IIº Congreso de Literatura Infantil e Xuvenil “Historia Crítica de la Literatura y la Ilustración Ibéricas. Cáceres.
Vilavedra, Dolores, ed. (1995). Diccionario da Literatura Galega I. Galaxia. p. 395. .
External links
: "María Victoria Moreno. A reivindicación da literatura infantil e xuvenil" Álbum de mulleres. CCG. 2007.
Editorial Galaxia
Biblioteca Virtual Galega
Asociación Socio-Pedagóxica Galega
1939 births
2005 deaths
Writers from Galicia (Spain)
People from the Province of Cáceres
Deaths from cancer in Spain
Galician-language writers
Women writers from Galicia (Spain)
20th-century Spanish women writers
21st-century Spanish women writers
20th-century Spanish writers
21st-century Spanish writers
Povilas Varanauskas (born February 21, 1941) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
1941 births
Living people
Lithuanian politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
Stoke is a common place name in the United Kingdom.
Stoke may refer to:
Places
United Kingdom
The largest city called Stoke is Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire. See below.
Berkshire
Stoke Row, Berkshire
Bristol
Stoke Bishop
Stoke Gifford
Bradley Stoke
Little Stoke
Harry Stoke
Stoke Lodge
Buckinghamshire
Stoke Hammond
Stoke Mandeville
Stoke Poges
Cheshire
Stoke, Cheshire East
Stoke, Cheshire West and Chester, a civil parish
Cornwall
Stoke Climsland
Devon
Stoke, Plymouth
Stoke, Torridge, in Hartland parish
Stoke Canon
Stoke Fleming
Stoke Gabriel
Stoke Rivers
Dorset
Stoke Abbott
Gloucestershire
Stoke Orchard
Hampshire
Stoke, Basingstoke and Deane
Stoke, Hayling Island
Stoke Charity
Basingstoke, Basingstoke and Deane
Herefordshire
Stoke Bliss
Stoke Edith
Stoke Lacy
Stoke Prior, Herefordshire
Kent
Stoke, Kent
Leicestershire
Stoke Golding
Lincolnshire
Stoke Rochford
London
Stoke Newington
Milton Keynes
Stoke Goldington
Norfolk
Stoke Ash
Stoke Ferry
Stoke Holy Cross
Northamptonshire
Stoke Bruerne
Stoke Doyle
Nottinghamshire
Stoke Bardolph
Oxfordshire
Stoke Lyne
Stoke Row
Stoke Talmage
Rutland
Stoke Dry
Shropshire
Stoke on Tern
Stoke St. Milborough
Somerset
Stoke Pero
Stoke St Gregory
Stoke St Mary
Stoke St Michael
Stoke-sub-Hamdon
Stoke Trister
Staffordshire
Stoke-on-Trent
Stoke-upon-Trent, a town in the city of Stoke-on-Trent
Suffolk
Stoke, Suffolk (a suburb of Ipswich)
Stoke Ash
Stoke-by-Clare
Stoke-by-Nayland
Surrey
Stoke d'Abernon
Stoke next Guildford
West Midlands
Stoke Heath, Coventry
Stoke Aldermoor, a suburb of Coventry, West Midlands (also nearby Stoke and Stoke Park)
Worcestershire
Stoke, Worcestershire, a civil parish
Stoke Heath, Worcestershire
Stoke Prior, Worcestershire
Stoke Pound, on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal
Canada
Stoke, Quebec
New Zealand
Stoke, New Zealand
United States
Stoke (Loudoun County, Virginia), a historic farm property
Other uses
Stoke Bank, railway incline on the East Coast Main Line, England
Stoke City F.C., English football club based in Stoke-on-Trent
Stoke IPA and other beers, made by McCashin's Brewery, Nelson, New Zealand
See also
Stokes (disambiguation), (in particular, stoke is an erroneous singular of stokes (sing. and pl), a unit of kinematic viscosity)
Stoked (disambiguation)
Stoker (disambiguation)
Stoke Heath (disambiguation)
Stoke Park (disambiguation)
Kenton is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Darren Kenton (born 1978), English footballer
Erle C. Kenton (1896–1980), American film director
Lou Kenton (1908–2012), English proofreader and centenarian
Rodrigo Kenton (born 1955), Costa Rican football coach
Simon Kenton (1755–1836), American pioneer and soldier
Stan Kenton (1911–1979), American jazz musician
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1972 season.
League standings
Norra
Mellersta
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Saints Digna and Emerita (died 259 AD) are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church. They were Roman maidens seized and put to the torture as Christians in the persecution of Valerian (A.D. 254-A.D. 259) at Rome.
Their feast day is celebrated on September 22.
Their relics are said to lie at the church of San Marcello al Corso, in Rome, although it is recorded that on April 5, 838, a monk named Felix appeared at Fulda with the remains of Saints Cornelius, Callistus, Agapitus, Georgius, Vincentius, Maximus, Cecilia, Eugenia, Digna, Emerita, and Columbana.
Notes
External links
Catholic Online: Digna and Emerita
259 deaths
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Groups of Christian martyrs of the Roman era
Year of birth unknown
Francesco "Cesco" Baseggio (1897–1971) was an Italian stage, film and television actor. He was born in Venice, and was identified with Venetian roles during his film career. He appeared in a mixture of serious, dramatic films, as well as comedies such as The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday (1941). On the stage he frequently appeared in plays by Carlo Goldoni.
Selected filmography
The Black Corsair (1937)
Giuseppe Verdi (1938)
The Widow (1939)
The Carnival of Venice (1939)
The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday (1941)
Annabella's Adventure (1943)
Men of the Mountain (1943)
Measure for Measure (1943)
The Ten Commandments (1945)
The White Line (1950)
The Merry Widower (1950)
I Chose Love (1953)
The Barber of Seville (1955)
The Intruder (1956)
Kean: Genius or Scoundrel (1956)
References
Bibliography
Brunetta, Gian Piero. The History of Italian Cinema: A Guide to Italian Film from Its Origins to the Twenty-first Century. Princeton University Press, 2009.
External links
1897 births
1971 deaths
Italian male film actors
Italian male television actors
Italian male stage actors
Actors from Venice
20th-century Italian male actors
Alfonso Carafa (died 1534) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lucera (1512–1534),
Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti (1505–1512), and
Titular Patriarch of Antioch (1504–1505).
Biography
In 1504, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Titular Patriarch of Antioch.
On 30 July 1505, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti.
On 27 August 1512, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Lucera.
He served as Bishop of Lucera until his death in 1505.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
1534 deaths
The 1989 Brown Bears football team was an American football team that represented Brown University during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Brown tied for second-to-last in the Ivy League.
In their sixth and final season under head coach John Rosenberg, the Bears compiled a 2–8 record and were outscored 264 to 168. J. Burke and D. Clark were the team captains.
The Bears' 2–5 conference record earned a three-way tie for fifth in the Ivy League standings. They were outscored 156 to 137 by Ivy opponents.
Brown played its home games at Brown Stadium in Providence, Rhode Island.
Schedule
References
Brown
Brown Bears football seasons
Brown Bears football
Carex paleacea commonly known as chaffy sedge is one of the 579 species of Carex. The Wetland Indicator Status for the species is classified as "obligate wetland" (OBL), occurring 99% of the time in a typical salt marsh environment when conditions are favorable.
References
paleacea
Flora of Eastern Canada
Flora of the Northeastern United States
Plants described in 1803
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Michael Mayer (born 17 October 1970) is a retired German football player. He played for one season in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart.
Honours
Bundesliga champion: 1991–92
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
German footballers
VfB Stuttgart players
VfB Stuttgart II players
SSV Reutlingen 05 players
Bundesliga players
Association football midfielders
People from Reutlingen
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Matt Nunez (born March 25, 1989) is an American floorball player who plays as a defender. He has won eight caps for the United States national floorball team and represented the United States at the 2016 World Floorball Championships in Riga, Latvia.
Floorball career
In April 2015, Nunez helped the Dallas-based floorball team the Lonestar Lions win the 2015 Southwest US Floorball Championship in Keene, Texas. He also played at the 2015 Lonestar Invitational Floorball Tournament (LIFT) in Arlington, Texas alongside fellow international floorballer Patrick Dousa, as the Lonestar Lions won another trophy. Nunez was named in the All-Tournament Team for his efforts in the competition.
In the following year, Nunez made his international debut for the United States national floorball team during the 2016 World Floorball Championships qualifying campaign as he played in games against both Jamaica and Canada. He scored his first international goal in the 27–1 win against Jamaica as the United States qualified for the 2016 World Floorball Championships in Riga, Latvia.
In December 2016, Nunez was part of the United States team that finished eleventh at the 2016 World Floorball Championships after winning Group D ahead of Canada, Singapore, and Thailand before being eliminated in the play-off round by Germany.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list United States' goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Nunez goal.
Honors
Lonestar Lions
Southwest US Floorball Championship: 2015
Lonestar Invitational Floorball Tournament (LIFT): 2015
Individual
All-Tournament Team, Lonestar Invitational Floorball Tournament (LIFT): 2015
References
1989 births
Living people
Floorball players
American floorball players
Mary Fenton alias Mehrbai (c. 1854 – c. 1896) was the first Gujarati, Parsi and Urdu theatre actress of European origin. Born to an Irish soldier in the British Indian Army, she fell in love and married Parsi actor-director Kavasji Palanji Khatau. He introduced her to acting and she had a successful stage career.
Early life
Mary Fenton was born in Landour near Mussoorie in India to Jannette and Mathew Fenton, an Irish retired soldier of the British Indian Army. She was baptized as Mary Jane Fenton, but there is no further information of her early life and education. Parsi theatre actor-director Kavasji Palanji Khatau was rehearsing for his play Inder Sabha, when Fenton had come to book the hall for her magic lantern show. She admired his acting, met him, fell in love and finally married him. Subsequently, she adopted a Parsi name Mehrbai. She already knew Hindi and Urdu, and in the 1870s Khatau gave her further training in singing and acting.
She created a sensation in the theatre due to her talent and relationship with Khatau. However, following a dispute between Khatau and the Empress Victoria Theatrical Company owner Jahangir Pestonjee Khambatta regarding Fenton's entry into theatre in 1878, Khatau left Bombay for Delhi and joined Alfred Theatre Company owned by Manek Master who also opposed Fenton. Consequently, Khatau started his own Alfred Company in 1881, where Fenton had a long and successful career.
Fenton and Khatau later separated. They had a son Jahangir Khatau.
Career
She was the first Anglo-Indian actress of the Parsi, Gujarati, and Urdu theatre. She became popular for her roles as the Parsi heroine. She acted in Nanabhai Ranina's Nazan Shirin (1881), Bamanji Kabra's Bholi Gul (Innocent Flower, 1882, based on Ellen Wood's English novel East Lynne), Agha Hasan Amanat's Urdu opera Inder Sabha, Khambatta's Khudadad (The Gift of God, 1898, based on Shakespeare's Pericles, Prince of Tyre), Gamde ni Gori (Village Nymph, 1890), Alauddin (1891), Tara Khurshid (1892), Kaliyug (1895) and Kalidasa's Sanskrit play Shakuntala. Her role of Jogan in Gopichand was much appreciated.
She had later worked with Framji Apu's theatre company and changed several theatre troupes thereafter.
Mary Fenton is believed to have died at the age of 42, probably in 1896. Hence, she was probably born in 1854 and had met Khatau in 1878. Her introduction in the Parsi theatre opened the way for a large number of Anglo-Indian actresses which dominated the early stage, as well as the films of the silent era of India.
In popular culture
Drama Queen (2018) was a play written and directed by Neeyati Rathode, and produced by Blue Feather Theatre based on her life and other early female actresses. Mehrin Saba played Mary Fenton.
References
Indian stage actresses
Indian musical theatre actresses
Gujarati theatre
19th-century Indian actresses
People from Mumbai
People from Uttarakhand
Anglo-Indian people
1850s births
1890s deaths
19th-century Indian women musicians
Draupadi Avashesh () is a Nepali novel by Neelam Karki Niharika. It was published on July 16, 2021 by Sangri-La Books. It is the twelfth book by the writer. The book is based on a polyandry tradition in remote north-western Nepal.
Karki previously received Madan Puraskar for her 2018 novel - Yogmaya. The book was launched in Namkha rural municipality of Humla district by the chairman of the ward no. 6 - Paljjor Tamang and the local residents.
Synopsis
The book is based on the polyandry tradition that is practiced by a small community in Humla district of Karnali region in Nepal. The book depicts how the custom is being lost in the modern society. The title of the book is an ode to Draupadi from Mahabharata who married five Pandava brothers. Gyaljen is one of the people living in the Himalayan region of Humla district. Because of the polyandry custom, he is supposed to marry his sister in law who is quite older than him. He is conflicted about the prospect. The novel also highlights the difficulties of people living in remote mountainous region of Nepal.
Reception
Komal Phuyal in his review for Setopati called Karki as "a fine artist". Nirdosh Jiwan of Sahitya Post called this book as "one of her finest work".
See also
Cheerharan
Yogmaya
Nathiya
References
21st-century Nepalese novels
21st-century Nepalese books
Nepali-language novels
Cultural depictions of Nepalese women
2021 Nepalese novels
Nepalese novels
Novels set in Nepal
Paolo Ventura (born 1968, Milan, Italy) is an Italian photographer, artist and set designer based in Milan.
Life and work
Ventura grew up in Milan with summers spent in the hilltops of Eastern Tuscany. His father, Piero Ventura, was a children's book author during the 1970s and 1980s. At the end of the 1980s, Ventura attended the Academy of Fine Arts of Brera.
At the beginning of the 1990s he started working as a fashion photographer. In a few years he was working with fashion magazines such as Elle, MarieClaire, Amica, Vogue Gioiello, among others.
Toward the end of the 1990s, ten years into his career, Ventura gradually stepped out of the world of fashion photography and he moved to New York to pursue his personal artistic path. In his studio in Brooklyn he began to build and photograph small dioramas about World War II in Italy, based on memories and tales from his grandmother.
In 2006 Contrasto published “War Souvenirs", a collection of this work, with a foreword by the American writer Francine Prose.
The work was followed by a number of exhibitions worldwide.
The BBC included Ventura's works in the documentary about photography: “The Genius of Photography” (2007).
Three years later, he began his second major project: “Winter Stories” (2009), which became a book published by Aperture with a foreword by Eugenia Perry.
In that same period he began to work with different galleries in NY and in Europe followed by exhibitions and acquisitions from Museums and Photographic Institutions from around the world. In 2010 the Library of Congress of the U.S. acquired a collection of 142 Polaroids from his "War Souvenirs" series and the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston acquired in its permanent collection a print from his "Winter Stories".
In the following years he created other projects like “The Automaton”, published by Dewi Lewis in 2012 and “Behind The Walls” by Danilo Montanari Editore.
In 2010 he moved back to Italy, to Anghiari, a small town in Tuscany. There, in an old studio in the countryside, he began work on his project “Short Stories” using his family as his photographic subjects. In 2016 Aperture published a collection of this work in a book titled “Short Stories”.
In 2012 the Museum of Contemporary Art in Rome (MACRO) presented a solo exhibition of Ventura's work titled "Lo Zuavo Scomparso". A book by the same name is published by Punctum.
Canadian filmmaker Helen Doyle included the work of Ventura in her 2013 movie “An Ocean of Images” In the same year the Swiss Television dedicated a short documentary to Ventura's work that was transmitted on Swiss National Television.
In 2015, the Dutch documentary film-maker, Erik Van Empel, directed a full-length documentary on Ventura titled “Paolo Ventura: The Vanishing Man” which won The Prix Italia in 2016 as the best movie in the TV Performing Arts category.
In the same year, Ventura began his first collaboration in theater. Working with director Rob Ashford, he realized the scenography for Rodgers and Hammerstein's “Carousel” at the Lyric Opera of Chicago.
In 2018, Ventura continued his work in theater, collaborating with director Gabriele Lavia, to create the set design and costumes for Ruggero Leoncavallo's opera “Pagliacci” at the Teatro Regio in Turin.
Bibliography
"Autobiografia di un Impostore" narrata da Laura Leonelli, Johan & Levi editore, 2021
"Paolo Ventura, Photographs and Drawings", Silvana Editoriale, 2020
"Short Stories", Aperture, 2016
"The Automaton", Dewi Lewis, 2012
"Lo Zuavo Scomparso", Punctum Press, 2012
"War Souvenirs", Contrasto Editore, 2006
"Winter Stories", Aperture, 2009
Exhibitions
Main solo exhibitions
2021 L'arte al tempo del Covid, MAC Museum of Contemporary Art, São Paulo, Brasil
2021 The Families of Man, Museo Archeologico Regionale, Aosta, Italy
2020 "Carousel", Camera Centro Italiano per la Fotografia, Torino, Italy
2020 "The Automaton", Műcsarnok Kunsthalle, Budapest, Hungary
2019 New 20th Anniversary Exhibition, The Margulies Collection at the Warehouse, Miami, Usa
2019 Make Believe: Fantasy, fairy tales and Magic from five contemporary photographers. Museum of Fine Arts Boston, Usa
2019 Commissione Roma 2003-2017 e le acquisizioni al patrimonio fotografico di Roma Capitale, Palazzo Braschi, Rome, Italy
2018 "Racconti Immaginari", Silos Armani, Milan, Italy
2018 "Racconti di Guerra", MAG Museo Alto Garda, Riva del Garda, Italy
2017 Pagliacci, Camera, Italian Center for Photography, Turin, Italy
2016 Mystique Narratives II, Flatland Gallery, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
2016 “Paolo Ventura. Obras de la Colecciòn Cotroneo”, Sala Municipales de Exposiciones, Valladolid, Spain
2016 Mystique Narratives, Flatland Gallery, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
2015 Un Mondo Infinito, Museum Het Valkhof, Nijmagen, The Netherlands
2015 La Città Infinita, Weinstein Gallery, Minneapolis, Usa
2015 Short Stories, Gallery Baton, Seoul, South Korea
2014 L'Homme à la Valise, Fotokino, Marseille, France
2014 Träume, Die Galerie, Munich, Germany
2014 L'archivio Ritrovato di V.P., Palazzo dei Pio, Carpi, Italy
2013 The Infinite City, Atlas Gallery, London, UK
2013 Il Mago Futurista, MART Casa d'Arte Futurista Depero, Rovereto, Italy
2013 The Infinite City, Hasted Kraeutler Gallery, New York, Usa
2013 Lo Zuavo Scomparso, Gallery Baton, Seoul, South Korea
2013 il Teatro della Memoria, FAR Fabbrica Arte Rimini, Rimini, Italy
2013 La collezione di Kim e Paolo Ventura, Museo della Citta, Rimini, Italy
2012 Recent Works, Italian Academy at Columbia University, New York, Usa
2012 Lo Zuavo Scomparso, MACRO Museum of Contemporary Art of Roma, Rome, Italy
2012 Behind the Walls, Forma Gallery, Milan, Italy
2012 The Funeral of the Anarchist, Obsolete, Los Angeles, Usa
2011 The Automaton of Venice, Hasted Kraeutler Gallery, New York, Usa
2011 Behind the Walls, Photographica Fine Art Gallery, Lugano, Switzerland
2011 L'Automa, Museo Fortuny, Venice, Italy
2011 Selected Works, Gallery Baton, Seoul, South Korea
2011 Winter Stories, Halsey Institute of Contemporary Art, Charleston, South Carolina, Usa
2009 Winter stories, Hasted Hunt Kraeutler Gallery, New York, Usa
2009 Winter Stories, Galerie Camera Obscura, Paris, France
2009 Winter Stories, Studio la Citta', Verona, Italy
2009 Fabulous Fictions, The Hague Museum of Photography, The Hague, The Netherlands
2009 Winter Stories, Central Exhibition Hall, Moscow, Russia
2008 Storie D'Inverno, Forma International Center of Photography, Milano, Italy
2008 Winter Stories, Hasted Hunt Gallery, New York, United States
2007 Souvenir de Guerre, Maison de la Photographie Npdc, Lille, France
2007 Viaggio nella Memoria, Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna, Rome, Italy
2006 In Tempo di Guerra, Forma International Center of Photography, Milan, Italy
2006 Souvenir de Guerre, Rencontres de la Photographie, Arles, France
2006 War Souvenir, Hasted Hunt Gallery, New York
2006 War Souvenir, Lazia Nowa, Kraków, Poland
2006 War Souvenir, A-3 Gallery, Moscow, Russia
Group exhibitions
2016 20 Years, Weinstein Gallery, Minneapolis, United States
2016 Photomed, Festival of Mediterranean Photography, Sanary-sur-Mer, France
2016 Fotografia Europea, La Via Emilia. Strade, viaggi e confini, Reggio Emilia, Italy
2015 Festival Photo La Gacilly, Bretagne, France
2015 Bienal Internacional Fotografica Bogota', Fotomuseo, Museo National de la Fotografia de Colombia
2015 Italia Inside Out, I Fotografi Italiani, Palazzo della Ragione, Milan, Italy
2015 Questa è guerra, Palazzo del Monte di Pietà, Padova, Italy
2014 La Guerra che Verrà Non è la Prima 1914-2014, MART Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Rovereto, Italy
2014 Turning Point, Hungarian National Gallery, Budapest, Hungary
2014 La Mémoire Traversée, Eléphant Paname/Mois de la Photo, Paris, France
2014 Festival Internazionale di Fotografia di Roma, MACRO Museum of Contemporary Art, Rome, Italy
2014 Historia, Miradas de Artistas, Marco, Museo de Arte Contemporanea de Vigo, Spain
2014 Histoire, Regards d'Artistes, Hotel des Arts, Centre du Conseil General du Var, Toulon, France
2013 Next Stop Italy, The Phllips Collection, Washington D.C., Usa
2012 Do You Remember the First Time?, Atlas Gallery, London, UK
2012 New Acquisitions from the MACRO Collection, MACRO Museum of Contemporary Art, Rome, Italy
2012 La Collezione di Italo Zannier, PARCO Galleria D'Arte Moderno e Contemporanea, Pordenone, Italy
2012 La Fotografia della Collezione Trevisan, MART Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Rovereto, Italy
2012 The Silent Village, DOX Centre for Contemporary Art, Prague, Czech Republic
2011 Sembianze, Galleria D'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea, Repubblica di San Marino
2011 54th Venice Biennial, Italian Pavilion, Venice, Italy
2011 Otherworldly, Museum of Art and Design, New York, Usa
2011 New Yorker Fiction/Real Photography, Steven Kasher Gallery, New York, Usa
2009 Manipulating Reality, Centro di Cultura Contemporanea Strozzina, Palazzo Strozzi, Florence, Italy
2009 Collection from Maison Europeenne de la Photographie, Italian Cultural Institute, São Paulo, Brazil
2009 La Photographie Italiens des Annees 50 a Nos Jours, Centre National de l'Audiovisuel, Luxembourg
2009 Photography From the Permanent Collection, Lowe Art Museum, Miami, Usa
2009 New York Photographs, Hasted Hunt Gallery, New York, Usa
2008 Contemporary Photographic Views, Weinstein Gallery, Minneapolis, Usa
2008 Inside the Human Space, Isola di San Servolo, Venice, Italy
2008 The New Original Photo, Interalla Gallery, Seoul, South Korea
2008 Una Historia Privada, Theatro Circo Price, Madrid, Spain
2008 Ellis Island and Beyond, Aperture Gallery, New York, Usa
2008 Roma, Palazzo Delle Esposizioni, Rome, Italy
2008 Una Storia Privata, Museo Bilotti, Rome, Italy
2007 NYC, Phillips De Pury Gallery, New York, Usa
2007 Hunter and Hanted, Sara Tecchia Gallery, New York, Usa
2007 On the Wall, Aperture Gallery, New York, Usa
2007 Luci su Milano, New art acquisitions of Unicredit Bank, Milan, Italy
2006 Une Histoire Privee, Maison Europeenne de la Photographie, Paris, France
External links
Official Website
Flatland Gallery, Amsterdam
Weinstein Gallery, Minneapolis
Baton Gallery, Seoul
Gallery Baton on Ocula
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian photographers
During the 2005–06 English football season, Crystal Palace F.C. competed in the Football League Championship, following relegation from the FA Premier League the previous season.
Season summary
Crystal Palace had been boosted by the decision by the Premiership's top English goalscorer of the previous season, Andrew Johnson, to remain with the Londoners to fire their bid for a return to the top flight. Although Johnson was less prolific this season, scoring only 15 goals, Palace reached the play-offs in sixth place – the position they had finished in the promotion season of 2004. Palace faced third-placed Watford in the semi-finals – they were comprehensively beaten 3–0 in the first leg, and were only able to draw the second leg 0–0, consigning Palace to another season in the Championship. Manager Iain Dowie was soon on his way out, leaving by mutual consent on 22 May. Dowie claimed he wanted to be closer to his family in the north; he would take up the vacancy at London rivals Charlton Athletic a mere eight days later. He was followed out of Selhurst Park by Johnson, who snubbed Wigan Athletic and Bolton Wanderers to join Everton for £8.6 million.
In June, Palace appointed Hull City manager (and former Palace winger) Peter Taylor as Dowie's successor.
Kit
Italian company Diadora remained Palace's kit manufacturers, and introduced a new home kit for the season. Unlike the previous season's kit, which was mainly red, the new kit was predominantly blue, complemented by a single thick red stripe down the centre of the shirt. For the club's centenary the club wore a commemorative kit on 27 July, 27 September and 22 October: the kit recalled one worn by the club in the 1970s, which featured white shorts and socks and a white shirt with two stripes of sky blue and claret (the club's original colours) in the centre.
Churchill Insurance remained kit sponsors for the sixth consecutive season.
Final league table
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Players with no appearances not included in the list
|-
|colspan="14"|Players left the club during the season:
|}
Source:
Results
Crystal Palace's score comes first
Legend
Football League Championship
Championship play-offs
FA Cup
League Cup
First-team squad
Left club during season
Transfers
In
Darren Ward – Millwall
Jobi McAnuff – Cardiff City
Jonathan Macken – Manchester City
Marco Reich – Derby County
Out
Wayne Routledge – Tottenham Hotspur
Sándor Torghelle – Panathinaikos, season loan
References
Notes
Crystal Palace
2005-06
Kissling is a German language surname. it may refer to:
Frances Kissling (born 1943), American religious leader
George Kissling (1805–1865), New Zealand religious leader
Grace E. Kissling, American biostatistician
Jorge Kissling (1940–1968), Argentine motorcycle racer
Margaret Kissling (1808–1891), New Zealand educator
Richard Kissling (1848–1919), Swiss sculptor
Walter Kissling (1931–2002), Costa Rican businessman
Werner Kissling (1895–1988), German ethnologist
Other uses
4409 Kissling, an asteroid
Kissling Farm, Pennsylvania
See also
Kisling
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Llapingachos are fried potato pancakes that originated in Ecuador. They are usually served with salsa de maní, a peanut sauce. The potato patties or thick pancakes are stuffed with cheese and cooked on a hot griddle until crispy brown.
In Ecuador they are sometimes made with mashed, cooked yuca, or cassava, instead of potato. The yuca or cassava root used to make llapingachos is not to be confused with the similarly spelled yucca, the roots of which are generally not edible.
Ecuador
Llapingachos originated in Ambato, Ecuador. It is fried mashed potato surrounding a center of cheese which is generally served with baked or fried pork. It is typically served with avocado, sausage, fried egg, tomato and lettuce salad on the side. This dish forms part of Ecuador's culture, and is one of the representative icons of Highland food. Llapingachos are popular not only in Ecuador's Highlands but also in the coast and eastern provinces.
See also
List of Ecuadorian dishes and foods
List of stuffed dishes
References
External links
Cocina del mundo
Cheese dishes
Ecuadorian cuisine
Potato pancakes
Stuffed dishes
Trond-Viggo Torgersen (born 14 June 1952 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian physician, broadcaster, television host, actor, comedian, singer, songwriter, artist and former children's ombudsman.
Artistic career
Torgersen started in NRK making programs for children and youth, like Flode and Kroppen, and he was the first program host for Halvsju. He has published several children's albums and was awarded Spellemannprisen 1981 in the class Children's music, together with George Keller, for the album Det by'ner nå. Familiar songs like "Tenke sjæl", "Hjalmar", "Slapp reggae", "Stilig" and "Puss, puss, så får du en suss" is signed by Torgersen. He has also written several plays for children and adults. Hjalmar og Flode has been set up on Oslo Nye Teater, Hordaland Teater and Rogaland Teater.
His books Kroppen (The Body), Flode alene (Flode Alone) and Tenke sjæl (approx. To Think for Yourself) have been translated into several languages.
In recent years, he is perhaps best known as a comedian and artist on radio and television, and from concert stages across the country. In Norway he is especially known for the characters «Vaktmester'n», and «Fem på gaten», and had several programs from Samfundet in Trondheim entitled Trond-Viggo og Samfundet.
Torgersen studied medicine, was Norway's second Ombudsman for children, and is now appointed as Head of NOU Ungdommens maktutredning (Youth power survey) for the Barne- og likestillings- og inkluderingsdepartementet (Ministry of Children, Equality and Inclusion). He is married to Kristin Helle-Valle. He currently resides in Bergen.
The Backing Band
Atle Halstensen - keyboards, accordion and backing vocals
Mats Grønner – guitars, banjo and backing vocals
Jens Fossum – bass and backing vocals
Eirik Andre Rydningen – percussion and backing vocals
Former member
Bernt Rune Stray – guitars and backing vocals
Discography
Albums
Kua med fletter og juret på tvers (1976)
Harunosågirebort (1977)
Bare barn er barn (Men alle er vi barnebarn) (1979)
Eyvind & Trond-Viggo (1979) with Eyvind Solås
Petter og ulven (1980)
Det by'ner nå! (1981)
Trond-Viggo Vol. I (1976-1978) (1992)
Trond-Viggo Vol. II (1981-1985) (1992)
Eyvind & Trond-Viggo|Samleplate (1994)
Trond-Viggos beste (1997)
Barnetimen for de store (2002)
De du kan + Noe nytt & Noe rart (2007)
Singles
Rappe pølse/pølse (1991) with Trond Kirkvaag
Body roll (1991) as Vaktmester'n
Audiobooks
Hjalmar og flode (2003)
Tenke sjæl (2007)
Career Overview
Artist, freelance in NRK 1974–1989
Doctor and Researcher 1980–1989
Barneombud 1989–1995
Advisor for the television director in NRK 1995–1997
Channel Manager NRK2 1997–1998
Manager of cultureNRK 1998–2000
Journalist Entertainment Division NRK 2000–Current
References
External links
Trond-Viggo Torgersen Biography - Store Norske Leksikon
1952 births
Living people
Children's Ombudsmen in Norway
Physicians from Oslo
Norwegian broadcasters
Norwegian entertainers
A L is an EP by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1985 by Italian label Five Records.
Background
A L was released by minor Italian label Five Records, closely related to Canale 5, when Lear was at the peak of her television career in Italy. The EP featured four cover versions of classic songs from the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s: "As Time Goes By" from movie Casablanca, the German language "Bel Ami" (originally titled "Du hast Glück bei den Frau'n, Bel Ami") from Willi Forst's 1939 film by the same name, "Bye Bye Baby", originally performed by Marilyn Monroe in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes in 1953, and "Magic Moments" by Burt Bacharach and Hal David, a 1958 hit for Perry Como.
No singles were released to promote the album, but all four songs were performed at popular Italian TV show W le donne which Amanda hosted at that time, starting with "As Time Goes By" in March 1985. A L was never released on CD in its entirety, but "As Time Goes By" and "Bye Bye Baby" were included on the 2005 compilation Forever Glam!.
Track listing
Side A
"As Time Goes By" (Herman Hupfeld) – 3:21
"Bel Ami" (Theo Mackeben, McVivianir) – 2:06
Side B
"Bye Bye Baby" (Jule Styne, Leo Robin) – 3:00
"Magic Moments" (Burt Bacharach, Hal David) – 2:40
Personnel
Amanda Lear – lead vocals
Alberta Ferretti – dress
Gianfranco Intra – record producer, musical arranger
Roberto Rocchi – photography
Carlo Zini – artwork design
Release history
References
External links
A L at Discogs
A L at Rate Your Music
1985 EPs
Amanda Lear albums
Covers EPs
Francesco Giuseppe Casanova (1 June 1727, London – 8 July 1803, near Mödling) was an Italian painter who specialised in battle scenes. His older brother was Giacomo Casanova, the famous adventurer, and his younger brother was Giovanni Casanova; also a well-known painter.
Biography
He was born in London, where his parents, Zanetta Farussi, an actress, and Gaetano Casanova, an actor and dancer, had a theatrical engagement. It was rumoured that his father was actually the Prince of Wales (who shortly after became King George II); whether for scurrilous motives or publicity is unclear. They returned to Venice when he was still young and, after his father's death in 1733, he and his siblings were placed in the care of the Grimani family.
His career began in the workshops of Giovanni Antonio Guardi, a very unpleasant time for him, according to the memoirs of his brother Giacomo. Later, he moved to the studios of Antonio Joli, who was a set designer for the theatres owned by the Grimanis. This was also, apparently, unsatisfactory and he took up studies with the battle painter, Francesco Simonini. In 1751, upon his brother Giovanni's advice, he went to Paris and became an apprentice of Charles Parrocel. The following year, after Parrocel's death, he went to Dresden and spent a year studying the battle paintings at the "Gallery of the Electors of Saxony". In 1758, he returned to Paris and set himself up as a free-lance artist.
Success did not come immediately, and his first exhibition was a failure. In 1761, he became a supernumerary member of the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture and was promoted to full member in 1763. As a result of favourable criticism from Denis Diderot, he began to receive commissions from the aristocracy. Diderot would later express negative opinions about Casanova's work, but his reputation was already made. His fame soon spread eastward and he received commissions from Catherine the Great for the Hermitage, beginning in 1768. Two years later, he produced his four famous "disaster paintings", which were purchased by Jean-Benjamin de la Borde on behalf of King Louis XV. In 1771, he exhibited two large canvases depicting scenes from the Thirty Years' War (The Battle of Freiburg and the Battle of Lens) and once again won Diderot's approval.
Personal life
In 1762, he had married Jeanne-Marie Jolivet (1734–1773) a ballerina with the theatre of the Comédie-Italienne who was known as "Mademoiselle d'Alancour". Her professional connections also supplied him with many clients. In 1775, two years after her death, he married the recently widowed Jeanne Cathérine Delachaux (1748–1818). The marriage turned out to be a disaster, so he abandoned her in 1783, aided and abetted by Giacomo. He took refuge in Vienna, under the protection of Prince Charles Joseph de Ligne, who introduced him to Chancellor Kaunitz. It appears that Francesco was almost as extroverted and entertaining as his brother Giacomo, so he quickly became popular at the Viennese Court.
In addition to his paintings, he produced designs for tapestries and upholstery which proved very lucrative. From 1770 to 1787, the Royal Beauvais Manufactory used more than seventy of his patterns. He also produced a number of etchings including Tambour russe à cheval, Les trois Cuirassiers, Le Drapeau, Choc de cavalerie, L'Ane et le Drapeau and Le Dîner du peintre Casanova.
Despite his success and his many aristocratic clients, he squandered his money, was perpetually in debt, and died in poverty at his home near Mödling. The year is generally given as 1803, although some sources have 1805 or 1807.
References
Further reading
Roland Kanz, Die Brüder Casanova. Künstler u. Abenteurer, Deutscher Kunstverlag, 2013
Ernest Dumonthier, Les Tapisseries d'Ameublement de la Manufacture Royale de Beauvais d'après François Casanova, Albert Morancé, 1921.
External links
More works by Casanova @ the Base Joconde
Another critique by Diderot from the Salon of 1765 @ Google Books.
1727 births
1803 deaths
Italian emigrants to France
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian engravers
Painters from Venice
Italian emigrants to Austria
Military art
Tapestry artists
Italian textile artists
Yalçıdibi, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Tommy Paul was the defending champion, but chose to participate at men's singles qualifying instead and lost to Peter Gojowczyk in the second round.
Geoffrey Blancaneaux won the title, defeating Félix Auger-Aliassime in the final, 1–6, 6–3, 8–6.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
References
External links
Boys' Singles
2016
Whitstable railway station is on the branch of the Chatham Main Line in England, serving the town of Whitstable, Kent. It is down the line from and is situated between and .
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
History
Whitstable has been served by five different stations on two different routes. The route between Faversham and Whitstable was opened by the Margate Railway on 1 August 1860, and was extended to on 13 July 1861. The first station on that line to serve Whitstable was in Oxford Street, and had latterly been known as Whitstable Town; it closed after the last train on 31 December 1914.
The following day, a new station was opened to the east; this was named Whitstable Town & Tankerton. This was renamed Whitstable & Tankerton on 1 February 1936, and Whitstable in 1979.
Facilities
The station has a ticket office which is staffed throughout the day Monday-Saturday and during Sunday mornings and early afternoons. The station also has a self-service ticket machine for ticket purchases for when the ticket office is closed.
The station has passenger help points located on both platforms and toilets and a waiting room which are open when the station is staffed. There is a chargeable car park (operated by Saba Parking) as well as cycle racks located at the entrance to the station. There is also a taxi rank at the station.
The station has step-free access available to both platforms from the street although the platforms are linked via a stepped footbridge meaning step-free access is not possible between the platforms.
Bus connections
The station is served by the Stagecoach South East routes 4 and 5 which provide connections to Whitstable town centre, Chestfield and Canterbury.
The Stagecoach operated Triangle service between Canterbury and Herne Bay can be caught from the town centre, which is a short walk from the railway station.
Services
All services at Whitstable are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to
2 tph to
Additional services including trains to and from and London Cannon Street call at the station in the peak hours.
See also
Whitstable Harbour railway station
References
External links
Whitstable
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1860
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1915
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1915
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Tara G McAllister is a New Zealand freshwater ecology academic and is associated with Te Pūnaha Matatini at the University of Auckland. She is a Māori of Te Aitanga ā Māhaki and Ngāti Porou descent.
Academic career
McAllister's 2018 freshwater ecology PhD titled '''Phormidium accrual cycles in Canterbury rivers: the effects of nutrients and flow' at the University of Canterbury, looked at the cyanobacteria Phormidium in predominantly braided rivers in South Canterbury. She then moved to the University of Auckland. In 2021 McAllister received a MBIE Science Whitinga Fellowship.
McAllister's specialties include cyanobacteria in freshwater, mātauranga Māori and co-development of research with iwi, and has been used as an expert in media discussion on water toxicity and water shortage issues.
With Sereana Naepi and others, she has published a series of papers on biases in New Zealand universities, particularly racial and gender biases, which have received wide attention.
When a group of seven professors at the University of Auckland published a letter stating that mātauranga Māori (the traditional knowledge of the Maori people) was not science, McAllister said "we did not navigate to Aotearoa on myths and legends. We did not live successfully in balance with the environment without science. Māori were the first scientists in Aotearoa." The Tertiary Education Union, Royal Society of New Zealand and New Zealand Association of Scientists and their own vice-chancellor were also critical of the letter.
Awards
In 2022, McAllister was awarded the 17th Biennial Zonta Science Award.
Selected works
McAllister, Tara G., Susanna A. Wood, and Ian Hawes. "The rise of toxic benthic Phormidium'' proliferations: a review of their taxonomy, distribution, toxin content and factors regulating prevalence and increased severity." Harmful Algae 55 (2016): 282–294.
McAllister, T. G.,J. Kidman, O. Rowley, and R. F. Theodore. "Why isn't my professor Māori?" Mai Journal 8, no. 2 (2019): 235–249.
Wood, Susanna A., Craig Depree, Logan Brown, Tara McAllister, and Ian Hawes. "Entrapped sediments as a source of phosphorus in epilithic cyanobacterial proliferations in low nutrient rivers." PLoS One 10, no. 10 (2015): e0141063.
Naepi, Sereana, Tara G. McAllister, Patrick Thomsen, Marcia Leenen-Young, Leilani A. Walker, Anna L. McAllister, Reremoana Theodore, Joanna Kidman, and Tamasailau Suaaliia. "The pakaru ‘pipeline': Māori and Pasifika pathways within the academy." The New Zealand Annual Review of Education 24 (2020): 142-159.
Wood, Susanna A., Laura T. Kelly, Keith Bouma‐Gregson, Jean‐François Humbert, Haywood Dail Laughinghouse IV, James Lazorchak, Tara G. McAllister et al. "Toxic benthic freshwater cyanobacterial proliferations: challenges and solutions for enhancing knowledge and improving monitoring and mitigation." Freshwater Biology 65, no. 10 (2020): 1824–1842.
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand ecologists
New Zealand women academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Auckland faculty
The 1892 Idaho gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1892.
Acting Governor Norman Bushnell Willey was defeated for renomination at the Republican convention.
Republican nominee William J. McConnell defeated Democratic nominee John M. Burke and Populist nominee Abraham J. Crook with 40.74% of the vote.
Nominations
Nominations were made by party conventions.
Democratic nomination
The Democratic convention was held on August 25 and 26 at Boise. John M. Burke was nominated on the tenth ballot.
Candidates
John M. Ballentine
John M. Burke
Edward A. Stevenson, former Territorial Governor
Results
Results of the balloting were as follows:
Republican nomination
The Republican convention was held on August 18 and 19 at Moscow. William J. McConnell was nominated on the second ballot.
Candidates
William J. McConnell, former U.S. Senator
A. B. Moss
Wells
N. B. Willey, acting Governor
Results
Results of the balloting were as follows:
People's Party nomination
The People's Party convention was held on August 18 at Boise. A. J. Crook was nominated on the first ballot.
Candidates
A. J. Crook
Results
General election
Candidates
William J. McConnell, Republican
John M. Burke, Democratic
Abraham J. Crook, People's
Joseph A. Clark, Prohibition
Results
References
Notes
Bibliography
1892
Idaho
Gubernatorial
November 1892 events
Dereköy is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Gökçe is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Forget Cassettes is an alternative rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, formed in 2001. Fronted by Beth Cameron, formerly of Fair Verona and the only constant member of the group, Forget Cassettes have released three albums: Instruments of Action (2003), Salt (2006) and O Cursa (2013). The first two were released on the Nashville-based Theory 8 Records label. Salt has been re-released in Europe by Tangled Up! Recordings in March 2007.
The band has toured extensively throughout the US and Europe, most notably with ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead (whose second percussionist, Doni Schroader, has played with Cameron in both Fair Verona and Forget Cassettes).
Forget Cassettes started life as a two-piece, but when Schroader quit to join ...Trail of Dead on a full-time basis, Cameron temporarily split the group altogether. After a few months' break from the music business, she recruited Aaron Ford and Jay Leo Phillips, then involved with Apollo Up!, in 2005 — both of whom are noted local musicians in Nashville — and began work on Forget Cassettes' second record. Following its release in 2006, Schroader returned to play with the band sporadically, most notably on its tour of Europe in February and March 2007.
Cameron and Scroader reunited in 2008 under the name Eliza the Arrow.
A third Forget Cassettes album, titled O Cursa is the band's first to not predominantly feature live drums and guitar.
Band members
Beth Cameron (guitar, vocals, keys)
Aaron Ford (drums)
Jay Leo Phillips (bass, guitar, keys, backing vocals)
Doni Schroader (drums, percussion, backing vocals, keys)
Jason Milan Dietz (bass and keys 2007)
Discography
Instruments of Action (2003)
Salt (2006)
O Cursa (2013)
External links
Official website
Page at Theory 8 Records
Official MySpace
Tangled Up! Recordings MySpace
Indie rock musical groups from Tennessee
Musical groups established in 2001
Musical groups from Nashville, Tennessee
Rock music duos
John Knyvet (1358/9–1418), of Mendlesham, Suffolk, was an English Member of Parliament for Huntingdonshire in September 1397.
He was the son of John Knyvet (d.1381) that was the Lord Chancellor of England in 1372–1377 and his wife Eleanor (d.1388), the daughter of Sir Ralph Basset (d.1341) of Weldon, Northamptonshire.
By 1377 he had married Joan (d.c.1417), daughter and heiress of Sir John Boutetout (d. by 1377) of Mendlesham by his wife Katherine. He married secondly Joan (d.c.1429).
By his first wife Joan Boutetout he was the father of a younger John Knyvett who was M.P. for Northamptonshire in 1421.
References
1358 births
1418 deaths
14th-century English people
English MPs September 1397
Politicians from Suffolk
Fox was an Italian Entertainment TV channel, owned and produced by Fox Networks Group Italy and broadcast in Italy by Sky Italia on Channel 112. Timeshift of the channel is available at channel 113 (+1).
Launched on July 31, 2003, coinciding with the launch of Sky Italy, it broadcasts international TV series in Italian and English.
In 2009, it started broadcasting in HD.
The channel ceased broadcasting on June 30, 2022, leaving Nat Geo/Wild and Baby TV as the last traditional pay TV assets owned by Disney Italia. Most of the channel's programming had since moved on Disney+'s Star hub.
Programming
References
External links
Official website
Italy
Italian-language television stations
Television channels in Italy
Television channels and stations established in 2003
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2022
Former subsidiaries of The Walt Disney Company
2003 establishments in Italy
2022 disestablishments in Italy
Gürarmut, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Lowell Lindsay Bennion (July 26, 1908 – February 21, 1996) was an American educator, sociologist, and humanitarian. He wrote extensively on religious living in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and was an advocate for volunteer service in Utah and Idaho.
Biography
Bennion was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the son of Milton Bennion and Cora Lindsay Bennion. In 1928, Bennion graduated from the University of Utah, married Merle Colton and then left to serve in the Swiss–German Mission of the LDS Church. Bennion spent much of his mission in Zürich, where he served as branch president. After serving two and a half years as a missionary Bennion began studies towards his Ph.D. at the University of Strasbourg. His wife came to France to live with him at about this point.
After earning his Ph.D. in sociology in 1933, Bennion returned to Utah and founded the Institute of Religion adjacent to the University of Utah in 1934. Bennion later founded the Teton Boys Ranch and served as its director for many years. He served as a bishop in the LDS Church. The first food bank and homeless shelters in Utah were founded by Bennion.
Publications
Expanded from his 1953 Sunday School manual.
References
Sources
External links
Lowell Bennion Community Service Center (University of Utah)
Inventory of the Lowell Lindsay Bennion papers (housed at University of Utah Library)
1908 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Mormon missionaries
20th-century American educators
American humanitarians
American Latter Day Saint writers
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
American Mormon missionaries in Germany
American Mormon missionaries in Switzerland
American sociologists
Church Educational System instructors
Mormon studies scholars
Sociologists of religion
Sociology educators
University of Strasbourg alumni
University of Utah alumni
University of Utah faculty
Writers from Salt Lake City
Jesus Carranza Municipality is a municipality located in the State of Veracruz, in Mexico. The town has an area of 486.32 kilometers squared. It represents about 0.67 percent of the State of Veracruz. Jesus Carranza borders the State of Oaxaca to its west. It is located 435 kilometers from the state capital of Veracruz, Xalapa. Jesus Carranza Municipality governs the communities of Jesus Carranza, Suchilapan River, Col. Nuevo Morelos, El Tepache and Coapiloloyita.
History
Jesus Carranza began as a municipality with the name Suchilapam on December 4, 1879. On October 13, 1910 the town was named Santa Lucrecia by the religious community in the area. On November 5, 1932 the town and municipality was given its current name in honor of the revolutionary general, Jesus Carranza. Jesus Carranza was known for helping Benito Juarez during the Mexican revolution. One of his sons, Venustiano Carranza later became President of Mexico.
Olmec
Jesus Carranza is one of the areas associated with the ancient Pre-Columbian people, the Olmec. A famous Olmec statue, Senor de las Limas, was discovered in this area in 1965.
Land
Climate
Jesus Carranza is located in the foothills of the Sierra Madre Oriental. It has a tropical climate and big rivers, and has an average temperature of 27 degrees Celsius, with rains in November that can last for 30 days straight and a dry season in April, although climate change and land deterioration can cause large floods and an extended dry season that can kill ranch animals and wildlife.
Animals
There are many small animals that exist in the area such as wild boar, deer, iguanas, rabbit, reptiles, birds and armadillos. Most lands in the municipality are dedicated to ranching and cows and horses, agriculture, and fishery.
Resources
Some of the natural resources in the area consist of sand, gravel, mahogany, cedar, zapote, ceiba. There are many marine resources such as snook, turtles and shrimp.
Agriculture
Most of the land in this area, 90 percent, is used for agriculture. The other ten percent is dedicated to occupied housing.
People
The population in Jesus Carranza, according to the 2000 Census, was 25,513 people. The majority of the inhabitants in this area are Spanish speaking. Within the total population exists about 2268 indigenous people. The main language among this group is Chinanteco.
Religion
There are approximately 17,000 people whose main religion is Catholicism. There are also about 2700 Protestants, 700 that practice other religions and around 2600 people who do not practice any of the recognized religions.
Current events
On October 28, 2007 a Pemex oil pipeline that passes through Jesus Carranza ruptured. Pemex is Mexico's state owned petroleum company. It was reported that 10,000 barrels of oil leaked into the state's three main waterways. This contamination caused significant environmental impacts in the area.
References
"Translated version of http://www.e-mexico.gob.mx/work/EMM04/Veracruz/mpios/30091a.htm." Google Translate. 6 Feb. 2009 <https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=es&u=http://www.e-mexico.gob.mx/work/EMM04/Veracruz/mpios/30091a.htm&sa=X&oi=translate&resnum=7&ct=result&prev=/search%3Fq%3Djesus%2Bcarranza%2Bveracruz%2Bmexico%26hl%3Den>.
"Photo from Reuters Pictures - Daylife." Daylife - A New Way to Explore the World. 8 Feb. 2009 <http://www.daylife.com/photo/01z7gcK8PC7lk>.
External links
Official page of the municipality of Jesús Carranza
Municipal Official Information
Municipalities of Veracruz
ETM1 is a gene associated with essential tremor.
References
Yu Seung-hun (born 9 October 1969) is a South Korean water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Christiane Iven (born 9 March 1965) is a German lied, concert and opera singer as well as a vocal teacher at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München.
Career
Iven was born in Hamburg as the youngest of three siblings of a North German merchant family.
She attended the old-language Gymnasium Christianeum until her Abitur in 1984. Afterwards, she studied singing and vocal pedagogy at the University of Music and Theatre Hamburg, first with Hans Kagel and later with Judith Beckmann. She completed her education in Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau's Lied class at the Universität der Künste Berlin.
In 1986, while still a student, Iven began her solo activities as a concert and lied singer and was also a permanent member of the NDR radio choir in Hamburg for several years.
From 1992 to 1996, she was engaged as lyric mezzo-soprano at the Theater Bremen and from 1996 to 2001, at the Nationaltheater Mannheim. From 2001 to 2006, she was a member of the Staatsoper Hannover ensemble, where she changed to soprano. This was followed by a permanent engagement at the Staatsoper Stuttgart, with which she remained associated until 2015. There and at various European opera houses, she sang roles like the Feldmarschallin (Der Rosenkavalier), Agathe (Der Freischütz), Marie (Wozzeck), Kundry (Parsifal), Ariadne (Ariadne auf Naxos), Alice Ford (Falstaff), Elvira (Don Giovanni), Emilia Marty (The Makropulos Affair), Sieglinde (Die Walküre) and Isolde (Tristan und Isolde).
Among the most important works of her concert repertoire were the oratorios by Johann Sebastian Bach, Lieder and symphonies by Gustav Mahler, Lieder by Franz Schubert, Johannes Brahms and Hugo Wolf, Lieder and oratorios by Robert Schumann, the great song cycles by Olivier Messiaen, orchestral Lieder by Alban Berg, the Vier letzte Lieder by Richard Strauss and Wagner's Wesendonck Lieder.
Iven gave concerts with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, the Ensemble intercontemporain, the Münchner Philharmoniker, the NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchester, the Orchestre de Chambre de Lausanne, the Oslo Philharmonic, the Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin conducted by Marc Albrecht, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Teodor Currentzis, Michael Gielen, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Heinz Holliger, Sir Neville Marriner, Matthias Pintscher.
She gave Lieder recitals with Burkhard Kehring, Igor Levit, Wolfram Rieger, András Schiff and Jan Philip Schulze. She gave Lieder recitals at the Lucerne Festival, the , the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival as well as at the Schwetzingen Festival. She gave her farewell to the stage and the concert podium in 2016.
Teaching
From 2001 to 2007, Iven was professor at the Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover. Since the winter semester 2013/14, she has held a professorship for singing at the University of Music and Drama Munich.
In addition, she is a jury member at international singing competitions. She gave master classes, among others at the Internationale Musikakademie für Solisten (IMAS) in , at the National Taipei University, the Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart, the Musikhochschule Luzern and the Internationale Sommerakademie Mozarteum Salzburg.
Recordings
Gustav Mahler (1860–1911): Des Knaben Wunderhorn. SWR SO Baden-Baden & Freiburg, with Hanno Müller-Brachmann, Michael Gielen Hänssler, DDD, 2009/11
Alban Berg (1885–1935): Orchesterstücke op. 6 Nr. 1–3; Altenberg-Lieder op. 4; Sieben frühe Lieder. Strasbourg PO, Marc Albrecht Pentatone, DDD, 2007
Robert Schumann (1810–1856): Szenen aus Goethes Faust. With Christian Gerharer, Werner Güra, Birgit Remmert among others at the Concertgebouw Orchestra Nikolaus Harnoncourt Label: RCOLive, DDD, 2008
Franz Schubert (1797–1828): Mayrhofer-Lieder, Vol.2. with Burkhard Kehring, Klavier Schubert-Lied-Edition 12, Naxos 2003
Die singende Stadt. Ein Film von Vadim Jendreyko. Eine Produktion von FILMTANK in Koproduktion mit der Staatsoper Stuttgart und ZDF / 3sat, 2011
References
External links
Website of Christiane Iven
1965 births
Living people
German operatic sopranos
University of Music and Performing Arts Munich faculty
Voice teachers
Musicians from Hamburg
Ленинград уделывает Америку (Диск 1) ('Leningrad Does America (Disc 1)) is a 2003 album by the Russian band Leningrad.
Track listing
"Когда нет денег" - Kogda net deneg - (When there's no money) – 3:48
"Группа крови" - Gruppa krovi - (Blood type) – 4:42
"Дачники" - Dachniki - (Farmers) – 3:15
"Пидарасы" - Pidarasy - (Fags) – 3:47
"Дикий мужчина" - Dikiy muzhchina - (Wild man) – 3:56
"Бляди" - Blyadi - (Whores) – 3:45
"Космос" - Kosmos - (Space) – 2:54
"Полные карманы (У меня есть всё)" - Polnye karmany (U menya est vsyo) - (Full pockets (I have everything)) – 5:40
"Ну, погоди!" - Nu, pogodi! - (Watch out) – 2:46
"WWW" – 4:14
"Мне бы в небо" - Mne by v nebo - (I want to go to the sky) – 4:57
"День рождения" - Den rozhdeniya - (Birthday) – 2:10
"Терминатор" - Terminator – 3:24
"Новый год" - Novy god - (New Year) – 2:43
Leningrad (band) albums
2003 live albums
Abd Al Rasheed Al Sadiq Mahmmudi is an Egyptian writer, novelist, poet, and researcher in the fields of philosophy, criticism, and literary history.
Education
He studied philosophy at the Universities of Cairo and London, and obtained a doctorate in the field of Middle Eastern studies from the University of Manchester in England.
Practical life
He began his practical life as a translator at the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), then became editor-in-chief of the Arabic edition of the “UNESCO Courier” magazine. He also began writing poetry in the 1960s.
In the field of radio, he worked as a radio writer for the second program on Cairo Radio, and for the Arabic section of BBC Radio in London. Abd al-Rashid's work was authored, and he is best known for his reference books on Taha Hussein.
Publications
His novel "After Coffee" ( Bada Al qahoa ) to English was translated by Linshwa Gwanluc for Hamad Bin Khalifa University Publishing House, and the novel revolves around the social fabric and the topographical nature and anthropological features of the Egyptian village in the 1940s.
1. "My Philosophy How It Developed", translation and investigation 1960, 2012, 2018. The Anglo-Egyptian Library Publishing House, the National Center for Translation.
2. "New Dimensions of Taha Hussein's Intellectual Battles": Why did Taha Hussein claims that he had unpublished manuscripts for Descartes? Author 1984, Dar Al-Hilal Publishing.
3. "Literature and Freedom", author 1985, Dar Al-Hilal Publishing.
4. "Taha Hussein from the Other Shore": Taha Hussein's French writings, Translator 1990, 1997, 2008, Publications Company for Distribution and Publishing, National Center for Translation, Dar Al-Hilal, National Center for Translation.
5. Taha Hussein: “The First Writings,” Editor, in 2002. Dar Al-Shorouk.
6. "Lord Shaaban," Author, 2003, the General Authority for Cultural Palaces.
7. Taha Hussein: "From Al-Azhar to the Sorbonne," Author, 2003, the Supreme Council of Culture.
8. Taha Hussein: “Between the Fence and the Mirrors" Author, 2005, 2015,” Ain for Human and Social Studies and Research.
9. "Love for cannibals", Author in 2006, publishing house, Arab Civilization Center.
10. "The Lovers' Corner", Author in 2007, publishing house: The General Authority for Cultural Palaces
11. "Writers and Thinkers", Author 2008, Publishing House: The Supreme Council of Culture.
12. "The Sunday Visitor", author of 2009.
13. "When Horses Cry", Author in 2009, publishing house: Dar Al-Hilal.
14. "The Trial of the Rogue Jew" and other articles, Author 2009, Publishing House: The Supreme Council of Culture.
15. “Logic: Research Theory, Presented 2010, Publishing House: The National Center for Translation.”
16. "Strange King Dale", and other articles, Author 2012, Publishing House: Supreme Council for Culture.
17. “After the Coffee” Author in 2013, Publishing House: Arab Book House, Egyptian Lebanese House.
18. "The Miscellaneous Philosophical Encyclopedia" Translator 2013, 2016 Publishing: National Translation Center, Dar Al Qan for Printing and Publishing.
19. “Three Lessons in Descartes,” presented in 2014 Publishing House: The National Center for Translation.
20. "The Unknown Papers": Taha Hussein's French Manuscripts, Translation and investigation in 2016 Publishing House: The National Center for Translation.
21. “The Andalusian Philosophers”: Years of Ordeal, Exile and Atonement: Ibn Bajja, Ibn Tufail, Ibn Rushd. Author in 2018, Publishing House: The Egyptian Lebanese House.
22. “The Stranger and the River,” Author 2019, Publishing House: The General Authority for Cultural Palace.
23. "Islam Beyond Borders" Author. 2020, Publishing House: The Supreme Council of Culture.
References
Egyptian novelists
20th-century Egyptian writers
21st-century Egyptian writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sydney Quinton Barker Sr. (26 November 1887 – 23 March 1930) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond, Essendon and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His son, also named Syd Barker, had a brief league career with North Melbourne.
Barker's long footballing career began at Essendon 'A' in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) with whom he played before joining Richmond in 1908 for their inaugural VFL season. He managed just a couple of games and decided to return to the VFA, this time with North Melbourne.
A ruckman, Barker became an integral player in North's illustrious "invincibles" side that won premierships in 1910, 1914, 1915 and 1918. He captained the club in their last two premierships and through a record 58-game unbeaten streak from 1914 to 1919.
In 1921, North disbanded as part of a plan to merge with Essendon and join the VFL in 1922. Barker moved to Essendon's VFL side in mid-1921 in good faith that the merger would go ahead, but it ended up being blocked by the State Government, and Barker was unable to return to the VFA, having been suspended for crossing without a clearance. He became captain-coach at Essendon in 1922 and led the club to back premierships in 1923 and 1924 before announcing his retirement.
Barker came out of retirement in 1927 and returned to his old club North Melbourne, who were in their third VFL season. As captain-coach he could only manage three wins and the club finished the season second last.
Barker was a fireman by profession and less than three years after his last VFL match he died suddenly while at work at the Abbotsford Fire Station.
North Melbourne best and fairest winners are awarded the Syd Barker Medal.
References
External links
Coaching record
1887 births
1930 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Richmond Football Club players
Essendon Football Club players
Essendon Football Club Premiership players
North Melbourne Football Club players
North Melbourne Football Club (VFA) players
Essendon Football Club coaches
Essendon Football Club Premiership coaches
North Melbourne Football Club coaches
Essendon Association Football Club players
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership coaches
Lei Tung II is one of the 17 constituencies in the Southern District, Hong Kong.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Southern District Council, with an election every four years. The seat was last held by Lo Kin-hei of the Democratic Party.
Lei Tung II constituency is loosely based on the western part of the Lei Tung Estate in Ap Lei Chau with estimated population of 12,548.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
Notes
Citations
References
2011 District Council Election Results (Southern)
2007 District Council Election Results (Southern)
2003 District Council Election Results (Southern)
1999 District Council Election Results (Southern)
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Southern District Council
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 1994
Ap Lei Chau
Oula is a village and the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune of Songo-Doubacoré in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 26 km northeast of Koutiala. 2018 statistics provided an estimated population of 60,327.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Myriam Gorospe (San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa, Spain) is a Spanish scientist, the head of the RNA Regulation Section at the National Institute on Aging (NIA) since 1998. Her group studies the influence of RNA in cellular processes related to aging.
Biography and scientific career
She was born in San Sebastián, (Guipúzcoa, Basque Country, Spain). She moved to Madrid to study Biology in the Complutense University of Madrid and later to the United States for her doctoral studies at the State University of New York at Albany, which completed in 1993. She then joined the National Institute on Aging (NIA), became Principal Investigator of the RNA Regulation Section in 1998 and director of the Laboratory of Genetics and Genomics in 2014.
In 2009, she was elected as Women Scientist Advisor together with Francesca Bosetti, Cathy Wolkow and Marilyn Huestis. They developed developed “The NIA/NIDA WSA Awards” to recognize women scientists at their Institutes of Health for their scientific accomplishments.
In September of 2013, she gave the conference L'Oréal-Unesco For Women in Science during the XXXVI Congress of the Spanish Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (SEBBM).
She is part of the Editorial Board of the scientific journal Aging‑US.
References
External links
NIH Changing Cells, Aging Bodies
People from San Sebastián
Spanish women scientists
Spanish molecular biologists
Developmental biologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University at Albany, SUNY alumni
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Spanish expatriates in the United States
Yenibeyrehatun, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Mary Ellen Balchunis (born June 11, 1954) is an American college professor and former political candidate. She teaches in the Political Science department of La Salle University. She was the Democratic nominee for in the 2014 and 2016 general elections, losing both times.
Early life, education and career
Balchunis was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on June 11, 1954. She earned a BA in Sociology from the University of Pennsylvania in 1979. The following year, she earned a Master in Public Administration from Temple University and was a Fulbright Scholar. She began teaching in the political science department at La Salle University in 1991. Balchunis earned a Ph.D. at Temple in 1992. Her dissertation was entitled, "A Study of the Old and New Campaign Politics Models: A Comparative Analysis of Wilson Goode's 1983 and 1987 Philadelphia Mayoral Campaigns".
Congressional elections
2014
Balchunis ran unopposed in the 2014 primary election. She faced Pat Meehan, a former District Attorney, for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 7th congressional district. She lost to Meehan by a margin of 62% to 38% in the general election.
2016
Balchunis launched her candidacy on April 18, 2015, by going on a speaking tour through the five counties within the 7th district: Lancaster, Berks, Montgomery, Chester, and Delaware. On April 26, 2016, Balchunis defeated Bill Golderer, a pastor in Philadelphia, to win the Democratic nomination for the 7th district. Her margin of victory in the primary was 74% to 28%. She was defeated in the general election by incumbent Republican Representative Pat Meehan, who won 60% of the vote.
Political positions
Balchunis opposes gerrymandering. She aims to preserve and strengthen Social Security and Medicare, lower the interest rates on student loans, increase the minimum wage and have pay equity between men and women.
Personal life
Balchunis resides in Ardmore, Pennsylvania. She has a daughter, Lauren Harris. Balchunis's mother Adele died in 2014.
References
External links
Mary Ellen Balchunis for U.S. Congress official campaign site
1954 births
University of Pennsylvania School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Temple University alumni
Candidates in the 2014 United States elections
Living people
Pennsylvania Democrats
People from Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Candidates in the 2016 United States elections
La Salle University faculty
21st-century American politicians
Daniel Altavilla (born September 8, 1992) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Boston Red Sox organization. He played in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners from 2016 through 2020, and the San Diego Padres from 2020 through 2021.
Amateur career
Altavilla attended Elizabeth Forward High School in Elizabeth, Pennsylvania and played college baseball at Mercyhurst University. After his sophomore season in 2013, he played collegiate summer baseball for the Yarmouth–Dennis Red Sox of the Cape Cod Baseball League. As a junior at Mercyhurst, he was 9-1 with a 1.23 ERA in 12 starts, striking out a school-record 129 batters in 80.1 innings. He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the fifth round of the 2014 Major League Baseball Draft and signed for $250,000.
Professional career
Seattle Mariners
After signing, Altavilla made his professional debut that same year with the Everett AquaSox and spent the whole season there, going 5-3 with a 4.36 ERA in 14 starts. In 2015, he played for the Bakersfield Blaze where he pitched to a 6-12 record with a 4.07 ERA and 1.29 WHIP in 28 games started. He began 2016 with the Jackson Generals.
Altavilla was called up to the majors for the first time on August 27, 2016, and he made his major league debut that same night. In 43 relief appearances for Jackson prior to being recalled, he was 7-3 with 1.91 ERA. He spent the remainder of the season with Seattle, compiling a 0.73 ERA in 12.1 innings pitched.
Altavilla began 2017 with Seattle, but was sent down to the Tacoma Rainers in April. He was recalled from Tacoma multiple times during the season before being recalled for the remainder of the season for September call-ups. In twenty games for Tacoma he was 2-0 with a 1.54 ERA, and in 41 games for Seattle, he was 1-1 with a 4.24 ERA. Altavilla began 2018 with Seattle but was placed on the disabled list in late April with joint inflammation. After being activated on May 12, he returned to Seattle, but was sent back down to Tacoma on May 23. He was recalled once again on May 27. He was limited to just 22 appearances in 2018 and 17 in 2019 due to injury and inconsistency.
On July 29, 2020, Altavilla recorded his first career save in a 10-7 win over the Los Angeles Angels.
San Diego Padres
On August 30, 2020, the Mariners traded Altavilla, Austin Nola, and Austin Adams to the San Diego Padres for Ty France, Taylor Trammell, Andrés Muñoz, and Luis Torrens. In 9 appearances for San Diego, he was 1-1 with a 3.12 ERA.
On April 17, 2021, Altavilla was placed on the 10-day injured list with right elbow inflammation. Through 2 games, Altavilla recorded a 6.75 ERA. He was later transferred to the 60-day injured list on May 28. On June 29, Altavilla underwent Tommy John surgery, ending his 2021 season. On November 3, the Padres outrighted him to Triple-A. That same day, Altavilla elected free agency.
Boston Red Sox
In mid-March 2022, Altavilla was reported to have agreed to a two year minor-league deal with the Boston Red Sox; the signing was confirmed by the team on March 30.
References
External links
Mercyhurst Lakers bio
1992 births
Living people
People from Elizabeth, Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Major League Baseball pitchers
Seattle Mariners players
San Diego Padres players
Mercyhurst Lakers baseball players
Yarmouth–Dennis Red Sox players
Everett AquaSox players
Bakersfield Blaze players
Jackson Generals (Southern League) players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Arkansas Travelers players
Sportspeople from the Pittsburgh metropolitan area
In linguistics, areal features are elements shared by languages or dialects in a geographic area, particularly when such features are not descended from a proto-language, or, common ancestor language. That is, an areal feature is contrasted to lingual-genealogically determined similarity within the same language family. Features may diffuse from one dominant language to neighbouring languages (see "sprachbund").
Genetic relationships are represented in the family tree model of language change, and areal relationships are represented in the wave model.
Characteristics
Resemblances between two or more languages (whether in typology or in vocabulary) have been observed to result from several mechanisms, including lingual genealogical relation (descent from a common ancestor language, not principally related to biological genetics) ; borrowing between languages ; retention of features when a population adopts a new language ; and chance coincidence. When little or no direct documentation of ancestor languages is available, determining whether the similarity is genetic or merely areal can be difficult. Edward Sapir notably used evidence of contact and diffusion as a negative tool for genetic reconstruction, treating it as a subject in its own right only at the end of his career (e.g., for the influence of Tibetan on Tocharian).
Major models
William Labov in 2007 reconciled the tree and wave models in a general framework based on differences between children and adults in their language learning ability. Adults do not preserve structural features with sufficient regularity to establish a norm in their community, but children do. Linguistic features are diffused across an area by contacts among adults. Languages branch into dialects and thence into related languages through small changes in the course of children's learning processes which accumulate over generations, and when speech communities do not communicate (frequently) with each other, these cumulative changes diverge. Diffusion of areal features for the most part hinges on low-level phonetic shifts, whereas tree-model transmission includes in addition structural factors such as "grammatical conditioning, word boundaries, and the systemic relations that drive chain shifting".
Sprachbund
In some areas with high linguistic diversity, a number of areal features have spread across a set of languages to form a sprachbund (also known as a linguistic area, convergence area or diffusion area). Some examples are the Balkan sprachbund, the Mainland Southeast Asia linguistic area, and the languages of the Indian subcontinent.
Examples
Phonetics and phonology
The spread of the guttural R from either German or French to several Northern European languages.
Presence of (dark L), usually contrasting with palatalized in Slavic, Baltic and Turkic languages of Central Asia.
Possibly the Satem sound change.
Development of a three-tone system with no tones in words ending in -p, -t, -k, followed by a tone split, and many other phonetic similarities in the Mainland Southeast Asia linguistic area.
Retroflex consonants in the Burushaski, Nuristani, Dravidian, Munda, and Indo-Aryan families of South Asia.
The occurrence of click consonants in Bantu languages of southern Africa, which originated in the Khoisan languages.
The lack of fricatives in Australian languages.
The use of ejective and aspirated consonants in the languages of the Caucasus.
The prevalence of ejective and lateral fricatives and affricates in the Pacific Northwest of North America.
The development of a close front rounded vowel in the Bearnese dialect of Occitan and the Souletin dialect of Basque.
The absence of and presence of in many languages of Central and Eastern Europe.
The lack of nasal consonants in languages of the Puget Sound and the Olympic Peninsula.
The absence of but presence of and in many languages of Northern Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.
The presence of a voicing contrast on fricatives e.g. vs in Europe and Southwestern Asia.
Morphophonology
Vowel alternation patterns in reduplicatives.
Morphology
Syntax
The tendency in much of Europe to use a transitive verb (e.g. "I have") for possession, rather than a possessive dative construction such as mihi est (Latin: 'to me is') which is more likely the original possessive construction in Proto-Indo-European, considering the lack of a common root for "have" verbs.
The development of a perfect aspect using "have" + past participle in many European languages (Romance, Germanic, etc.). (The Latin habeo and Germanic haben used for this and the previous point are not in fact etymologically related.)
A perfect aspect using "be" + past participle for intransitive and reflexive verbs (with participle agreement), present in French, Italian, German, older Spanish and Portuguese, and possibly even English, in phrases like "I have become death, destroyer of worlds" and "The kingdom of this world is become".
Postposed article, avoidance of the infinitive, merging of genitive and dative, and superessive number formation in some languages of the Balkans.
The spread of a verb-final word order to the Austronesian languages of New Guinea.
A system of classifiers/measure words in the Mainland Southeast Asia linguistic area.
Sociolinguistics
The use of the plural pronoun as a polite word for you in much of Europe (the tu-vous distinction).
See also
Comparative method
Language contact
Linguistic typology
Linkage (linguistics)
Mass lexical comparison
Wave model
World Atlas of Language Structures
Notes
References
Abbi, Anvita. (1992). Reduplication in South Asian Languages: An Areal, Typological, and Historical Study. India: Allied Publishers.
Blevins, Juliette. (2017). Areal sound patterns: From perceptual magnets to stone soup. In R. Hickey (Ed.), The Cambridge Handbook of Areal Linguistics (pp. 88–121). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Chappell, Hilary. (2001). Language contact and areal diffusion in Sinitic languages. In A. Y. Aikhenvald & R. M. W. Dixon (Eds.), Areal Diffusion and Genetic Inheritance: Problems in Comparative Linguistics (pp. 328–357). Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Enfield, N. J. (2005). Areal Linguistics and Mainland Southeast Asia. Annual Review of Anthropology, 34, 181-206.
Kirby, James & Brunelle, Marc. (2017). Southeast Asian Tone in Areal Perspective. In R. Hickey (Ed.), The Cambridge Handbook of Areal Linguistics (pp. 703–731). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Matisoff, J. A. (1999). Tibeto-Burman tonology in an areal context. In Proceedings of the symposium Crosslinguistic studies of tonal phenomena: Tonogenesis, Japanese Accentology, and Other Topics (pp. 3–31). Tokyo: Tokyo University of Foreign Studies, Institute for the Study of Languages and Cultures of Asia and Africa.
Sprachbund
Language geography
Ekşinar, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 80 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
Musala ( ); from Arabic through Ottoman Turkish: from Musalla, "near God" or "place for prayer" is the highest peak in the Rila Mountains, as well as in Bulgaria and the entire Balkan Peninsula, standing at .
With a topographic prominence of , Musala is also the 6th highest peak by topographic prominence in mainland Europe. Musala is also the 3rd most topographically isolated major peak in Continental Europe.
Musala is situated within the Rila National Park, which is noted for its rich flora, including species such as Macedonian Pine and Bulgarian Fir in the forests on its middle slopes, and fauna; it is one of the easiest places in Europe to see the wallcreeper. All major mountain ranges of Bulgaria can be seen from the top; these include Vitosha to the northwest, Sredna Gora towards the northeast, the Balkan Mountains along most of the northern horizon behind Vitosha and Sredna Gora, the Rhodope Mountains to the southeast, Pirin to the south, Osogovo and Ruy Mountain to the west, and of course, the rest of Rila.
A cosmic ray station was built on the peak in 1960 with cooperation from the Hungarian Academy of Science. The station conducted scientific experiments using a muon telescope. The station was destroyed by an electrical fire on October 29, 1983.
With an average annual temperature of -2.3 °C Musala is the coldest place in Bulgaria and the entire Balkan Peninsula. Temperatures stay below 0 °C for about 8 months each year. Due to this about 45% of the annual precipitation on Musala is snow, and snow cover lasts for about 200 days (more than six months). Three of the main rivers of Bulgaria, the Iskar, Maritsa and Mesta have their sources near Musala.
The next highest peaks in the vicinity of Musala are Malka (Little) Musala () and Irechek ().
Climate
Peak Musala has an alpine climate with long, cold winters and short, cool summers. Usually, through winter, the temperatures don't exceed the freezing point for months. Snow cover lasts for about 8–9 months. Through the summer, temperatures rarely go above 14-15C. The summer season only lasts for 2 months, and snowfalls are possible. For the period 1931–2013, the highest recorded temperature was , and the lowest - . The average annual temperature is , which makes the peak the coldest place in Bulgaria.
Namesakes
Musala Glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Musala Peak.
Gallery
See also
Rila
Malyovitsa
Rila National Park
List of mountains in Bulgaria
Geography of Bulgaria
List of mountains of the Balkans
List of European ultra-prominent peaks
List of the highest European ultra-prominent peaks
Most isolated major summits of Europe
List of mountain ranges
List of World Heritage Sites in Bulgaria
References
External links
Musala – controllable web camera
Musala climb on youtube
Geography of Southeastern Europe
Highest points of countries
Two-thousanders of Bulgaria
Landforms of Sofia Province
Samokov Municipality
Mountains of Rila
De-Stalinization
Coleonyx gypsicolus, sometimes called the Isla San Marcos barefoot banded gecko is a gecko endemic to Isla San Marcos in Mexico. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of Switak's banded gecko.
References
Coleonyx
Reptiles of Mexico
Reptiles described in 1988
Rainsboro is an unincorporated community in Paint Township, Highland County, Ohio, United States.
History
Rainsboro was named for John Rains, the original owner of the town site. A post office was established at Rainsboro in 1893, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1966.
Notable person
Joseph B. Foraker, 37th Governor of Ohio, was born near Rainsboro in 1846.
Gallery
References
Unincorporated communities in Highland County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Baştoklu is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
Thor Carl Tollefson (May 2, 1901 – December 30, 1982) was an American attorney and politician who served as a U.S. Representative for Washington's 6th congressional district from 1947 to 1965.
Early life and education
Born in Perley, Minnesota, Tollefson moved to Tacoma, Washington in 1912. He attended public schools and graduated from Lincoln High School in 1924. He graduated from the University of Washington School of Law in 1930.
Career
Tollefson was admitted to the bar in 1930 and commenced practice in Tacoma, Washington. He served as the Prosecutor of Pierce County from 1938-1946. He served as delegate to the Republican State conventions in 1936, 1938, 1940, 1942, and 1944. He was elected as a Republican to the Eightieth and to the eight succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1947 – January 3, 1965). Tollefson represented Washington's 6th congressional district. He served on the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1964 to the Eighty-eighth Congress. Tollefson voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, and 1964, as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
Tollefson was later appointed Director of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. He also served as special assistant to the Governor of Washington in charge of international fisheries negotiations.
Personal life
Tollefson was a resident of Tacoma, Washington, until his death there on December 30, 1982. He was interred in Mountain View Memorial Park.
Sources
External links
Guide to the Thor C. Tollefson Papers
University of Washington Libraries. Digital Collection
1901 births
1982 deaths
American Lutherans
American people of Norwegian descent
University of Washington School of Law alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Lutherans
The Regrets (originally in French Les Regrets) is a collection of poetry by the French Renaissance poet Joachim du Bellay, published in 1558. The 191 sonnets that make up this work are written using alexandrines. These poems express the disappointment he experienced as a result of his travel to Italy from 1553 to 1557. At first, he had been very enthusiastic to go to Italy because of its status as birthplace of the Roman Empire and later of the Renaissance but he was deeply disillusioned by what he found and quickly missed France.
1558 books
French poetry
Václav Kosmák (5 September 1843, Martínkov – 15 March 1898, Prosiměřice) was a Czech novelist, humorist and satirist.
Kosmák was a priest as well as a writer. Notable for his realism and humor, Kosmák's short stories sketch the provincial life of Moravia. His collected works were published in 1883–1884; a second, more complete edition was published after his death. Notable of his works include Kukátko z kukátek, Jak Martin Chlubil bloudil a na pravou cestu opět se vrátil and Pokoj lidem dobre vůle. The Roman Catholic church where he was a priest, in Martínkov, outside of Prague, bears a monument in remembrance of his contribution to church, community, and the public. His writings were until recently required reading in many Czech schools.
External links
Short biography
1843 births
1898 deaths
People from Třebíč District
Czech humorists
Czech male writers
19th-century Czech Roman Catholic priests
Joseph Palmer (1749–1829) was an Irish Anglican priest in the late 18th century and the first decades of the 19th.
Matriculating at Exeter College, Oxford in 1766, aged 16, he graduated B.A. in 1770, and M.A. in 1772. He was ordained as deacon on 25 September 1774 by Bishop Frederick Keppel to the office of curate at Langtree on a stipend of £40 per year. He was ordained as priest of St James Parish Church by Bishop Jonathan Shipley on 5 May 1776.
He was Chancellor of Ferns from 1779 to 1802. In 1787 he became Dean of Cashel and in 1802 Precentor of Waterford, holding both posts until his death on 2 May 1829.
References
Deans of Cashel
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
1829 deaths
In computer science, Raptor codes (rapid tornado; see Tornado codes) are the first known class of fountain codes with linear time encoding and decoding. They were invented by Amin Shokrollahi in 2000/2001 and were first published in 2004 as an extended abstract. Raptor codes are a significant theoretical and practical improvement over LT codes, which were the first practical class of fountain codes.
Raptor codes, as with fountain codes in general, encode a given source block of data consisting of a number k of equal size source symbols into a potentially limitless sequence of encoding symbols such that reception of any k or more encoding symbols allows the source block to be recovered with some non-zero probability. The probability that the source block can be recovered increases with the number of encoding symbols received above k becoming very close to 1, once the number of received encoding symbols is only very slightly larger than k. For example, with the latest generation of Raptor codes, the RaptorQ codes, the chance of decoding failure when k encoding symbols have been received is less than 1%, and the chance of decoding failure when k+2 encoding symbols have been received is less than one in a million. (See Recovery probability and overhead section below for more discussion on this.) A symbol can be any size, from a single byte to hundreds or thousands of bytes.
Raptor codes may be systematic or non-systematic. In the systematic case, the symbols of the original source block, i.e. the source symbols, are included within the set of encoding symbols. Some examples of a systematic Raptor code is the use by the 3rd Generation Partnership Project in mobile cellular wireless broadcasting and multicasting, and also by DVB-H standards for IP datacast to handheld devices (see external links). The Raptor codes used in these standards is also defined in IETF RFC 5053.
Online codes are an example of a non-systematic fountain code.
RaptorQ code
The most advanced version of Raptor is the RaptorQ code defined in IETF RFC 6330. The RaptorQ code is a systematic code, can be implemented in a way to achieve linear time encoding and decoding performance, has near-optimal recovery properties (see Recovery probability and overhead section below for more details), supports up to 56,403 source symbols, and can support an essentially unlimited number of encoding symbols.
The RaptorQ code defined in IETF RFC 6330 is specified as a part of the Next Gen TV (ATSC 3.0) standard to enable high quality broadcast video streaming (robust mobile TV) and efficient and reliable broadcast file delivery (datacasting). In particular, the RaptorQ code is specified in A/331: Signaling, Delivery, Synchronization, and Error Protection within ATSC 3.0 (see List of ATSC standards for a list of the ATSC 3.0 standard parts). Next Gen TV (ATSC 3.0) goes well-beyond traditional TV to provide a Broadcast internet enabling general data delivery services.
Overview
Raptor codes are formed by the concatenation of two codes.
A fixed rate erasure code, usually with a fairly high rate, is applied as a 'pre-code' or 'outer code'. This pre-code may itself be a concatenation of multiple codes, for example in the code standardized by 3GPP a high density parity check code derived from the binary Gray sequence is concatenated with a simple regular low density parity check code. Another possibility would be a concatenation of a Hamming code with a low density parity check code.
The inner code takes the result of the pre-coding operation and generates a sequence of encoding symbols. The inner code is a form of LT codes. Each encoding symbol is the XOR of a pseudo-randomly chosen set of symbols from the pre-code output. The number of symbols which are XOR'ed together to form an output symbol is chosen pseudo-randomly for each output symbol according to a specific probability distribution.
This distribution, as well as the mechanism for generating pseudo-random numbers for sampling this distribution and for choosing the symbols to be XOR'ed, must be known to both sender and receiver. In one approach, each symbol is accompanied with an identifier which can be used as a seed to a pseudo-random number generator to generate this information, with the same process being followed by both sender and receiver.
In the case of non-systematic Raptor codes, the source data to be encoded is used as the input to the pre-coding stage.
In the case of systematic Raptor codes, the input to the pre-coding stage is obtained by first applying the inverse of the encoding operation that generates the first k output symbols to the source data. Thus, applying the normal encoding operation to the resulting symbols causes the original source symbols to be regenerated as the first k output symbols of the code. It is necessary to ensure that the pseudo-random
processes which generate the first k output symbols generate an operation which is invertible.
Decoding
Two approaches are possible for decoding Raptor codes. In a concatenated approach, the inner code is decoded first, using a belief propagation algorithm, as used for the LT codes. Decoding succeeds if this operation recovers a sufficient number of symbols, such that the outer code can recover the remaining symbols using the decoding algorithm appropriate for that code.
In a combined approach, the relationships between symbols defined by both the inner and outer codes are considered as a single combined set of simultaneous equations which can be solved by the usual means, typically by Gaussian elimination.
Computational complexity
Raptor codes require O(symbol size) time to generate an encoding symbol from a source block, and require O(source block size) time to recover a source block from at least k encoding symbols.
Recovery probability and overhead
The overhead is how many additional encoding symbols beyond the number k of source symbols in the original source block need to be
received to completely recover the source block.
(Based on elementary information theory considerations, complete recovery of a source block with k source symbols is not possible if less than k encoding symbols are received.)
The recovery probability is the probability that the source block is completely recovered upon receiving a given number of random encoding symbols generated from the source block.
The RaptorQ code specified in IETF RFC 6330 has the following trade-off between recovery probability and recovery overhead:
Greater than 99% recovery probability with overhead of 0 symbols (recovery from k received encoding symbols).
Greater than 99.99% recovery probability with overhead of 1 symbol (recovery from k+1 received encoding symbols).
Greater than 99.9999% recovery probability with overhead of 2 symbols (recovery from k+2 received encoding symbols).
These statements hold for the entire range of k supported in IETF RFC 6330, i.e., k=1,...,56403. See IETF RFC 6330 for more details.
Legal status
Qualcomm, Inc. has published an IPR statement for the Raptor code specified in IETF RFC 5053, and an IPR statement for the more advanced RaptorQ code specified in IETF RFC 6330. These statements mirror the licensing commitment Qualcomm, Inc. has made with respect to the
MPEG DASH standard. The MPEG DASH standard has been deployed by a wide variety of companies, including DASH Industry Forum member companies.
See also
Erasure code
LT code
Fountain codes
Tornado codes
Notes
References
Shokrollahi, Amin, "Raptor Codes," IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, vol. 52, pp. 2551-2567, 2006. PDF (requires login)
ATSC 3.0 (Advanced Television Standards Committee 3.0)
3GPP (The 3rd Generation Partnership Project)
DVB (Digital Video Broadcasting)
3GPP TS26.346 3GPP Technical Specification for Multimedia Broadcast/Multicast Service: Protocols and Codecs.
RFC5053 Raptor Forward Error Correction Scheme for Object Delivery
DVB-H IP Datacasting specifications
RFC6330 RaptorQ Forward Error Correction Scheme for Object Delivery
"IPR" Search Result for RFC 5053, with statements by some patent owners
"IPR" Search Result for RFC 6330, with statements by some patent owners
Coding theory
The 2016–17 FC Metz season was the 83rd professional season of the club since its creation in 1932.
Current squad
Transfers
In:
Out:
Statistics
Top scorers
Competitions
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by match
Matches
Coupe de France
Coupe de la Ligue
References
Metz
FC Metz seasons
Leslie Clyde Mallon (November 21, 1905 – April 17, 1991) was a Major League Baseball second baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Braves.
Mallon began his professional baseball career in 1927 in the Texas Valley League. In 1930, he hit .332 in the class A Texas League and was promoted to the major leagues with the Phillies. Mallon hit .309 in his rookie season. However, his numbers slipped the following year, and he was sold to Toronto of the International League. He was hitting .345 midway through the 1934 season when he was purchased by the Boston Braves.
Mallon was the Braves starting second baseman in 1935, the year they lost 115 games en route to the second-worst record of any MLB team in the modern era. After the season, he was sold to the Chicago White Sox, and in 1936 he was back in the Texas League with the Dallas Steers. That season, he hit .344 and won the league MVP award. His career ended in 1939.
Mallon was inducted into the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame in 1979.
References
External links
1905 births
1991 deaths
Major League Baseball second basemen
Boston Braves players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Akron Tyrites players
Baseball players from Texas
People from Sweetwater, Texas
Fort Worth Panthers players
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Dallas Steers players
Mission Grapefruiters players
Rear Admiral Kathleen Koehler Paige (born August 30, 1948) is a retired United States Navy officer. She was the Program Director, Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD), the sea-based element of the Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) under development by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA). Rear Admiral Paige retired on 22 November 2005 after 34 years of active service.
Early life
Paige was born in Schenectady, New York, on August 30, 1948, and raised in Scotia, New York. Her grandmother, Mary Tobin, was a chief yeoman in World War I. She is a 1970 graduate of the University of New Hampshire and was commissioned into the United States Navy in 1971.
Naval career
Paige's first tour of duty was at VFP-63, San Diego, California. Subsequent tours of duty included Fleet Combat Direction System Support Activity, San Diego; Acquisition Manager in the Navy's Standard Embedded Computer Resource Office, Arlington, Virginia; Aegis C3 Warfare Officer and Combat Systems Baseline Manager, Aegis Shipbuilding Program; Chief Engineer, Naval Surface Warfare Center, Port Hueneme Division; and Technical Director, Aegis Program Office.
Paige's first Flag Officer assignment was as Commander, Naval Surface Warfare Center, Arlington, Virginia, in July 1996. In June 1998, she assumed duties as the Director, Theater Air and Missile Defense and Systems Engineering (TAMD&SE) in the Program Executive Office for Theater Surface Combatants (PEO TSC). As Director, TAMD&SE, she led the Interoperability Task Force, which coordinated the joint efforts of five program offices across three Systems Commands to complete a successful Operational Evaluation of the Cooperative Engagement Capability (CEC). In April 1999, she was concurrently assigned as the first ASN (RDA) Chief Engineer, the Department of the Navy's senior technical authority for the development of system and technical architectures designed to improve the integration and interoperability of Navy and Marine Corps weapon, combat, and C4I systems.
In July 2001, Paige became MDA's first Ballistic Missile Defense System Technical Director, the principal advisor to the MDA Director on all matters related to the planning and technical performance of the BMDS. In August 2002, she became the navy's senior Engineering Duty Officer (EDO).
Paige became Program Director, Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) in March 2003 and in March 2005, concurrent with her Program Director assignment, Paige was selected by the Director, Missile Defense Agency to be the first Director of Mission Readiness.
Education
In 1976, Paige received a Master of Science degree in Computer Systems from the Naval Postgraduate School. She was designated an Engineering Duty Officer (EDO) in 1981. While attending the Engineering Duty Officer Basic Course, she was awarded the VADM Bryan Award for academic excellence. She is a graduate of the Defense Systems Management College and the Cornell University Program for Executives.
Awards and decorations
Paige's personal decorations include the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit (3 awards), the Meritorious Service Medal (3 awards), and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.
See also
Women in the United States Navy
References
External links
Rear Admiral Kate Paige Biography at Missile Defense Advocacy Agency
Missilewoman Spring 2003 article in University of New Hampshire Alumni Association Magazine
Living people
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Female admirals of the United States Navy
1948 births
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
21st-century American women
Maalaala Mo Kaya (; abbreviated MMK), also known as Memories in English, is a Filipino television series, which was first aired on May 15, 1991. It is the longest-running drama anthology on Philippine television.
Episodes
References
2018 Philippine television seasons
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
Maalaala Mo Kaya
Dead Cert is a 1974 British crime thriller film directed by Tony Richardson. It is an adaptation of the 1962 novel of the same name by Dick Francis.
Plot
In this film based on Dick Francis' mystery novel, Alan York (Scott Antony) is stunned when his dear friend, skilled jockey Bill Davidson (Ian Hogg) is killed during a simple steeplechase. Convinced Davidson's death was no accident, York begins an investigation with a suspicion that Davidson's racehorse, Admiral, was drugged in a murderous act of sabotage. Assisting him as he delves into this world of high stakes, horses and gambling is Davidson's devoted widow, Laura (Judi Dench).
Cast
References
External links
1974 films
1974 crime films
British crime films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Tony Richardson
Films scored by John Addison
British horse racing films
United Artists films
1970s English-language films
1970s British films
Fundacion Manantiales (Manantiales Foundation) is a non-governmental organization, dedicated to the prevention and attendance of addictions. It has 9 seats in Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil and Spain with 14 welfare preventive programs, where around 300 people are daily attended. It was created 16 March 1993, in the city of San Isidro, Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina). It is a consulting member of the OAS and has subscribed an agreement with the UNDCP in Argentina and Uruguay, to offer workshops to prevent drugs in labor areas.
At present, 300 people from the different centers are under treatment.
It has been the organizer in Argentina and Uruguay of the international prevention campaign “Winners don't use drugs” and “I feel good without drugs” in which many important figures of the political, artistic and business areas joined against the addictions.
Manantiales Foundation created infodroga and infoanorexia, which are telephone information services, 24 hours a day and totally free for all the community. These services have had successful outcomes in the most developed countries and are installed in Buenos Aires and Montevideo (Uruguay).
Manantiales Foundation is the only institution in Argentina and Uruguay, that has recently subscribed an agreement with UNDCP and SESI (Social Service for Industries) from Brazil for the implementation of an international prevention program. This program is directed to institutions, communities and companies. The main objective is to give moral awareness about this problem, trying to find better and healthier choices for life, through the participation and commitment of employers and their employees.
External links
Fundacion Manantiales
Foundations based in Argentina
Medical and health organisations based in Argentina
Political science terminology
Addiction and substance abuse organizations
Miednik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stoczek, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Miednik
Tessa Ann Vosper Blackstone, Baroness Blackstone, PC (born 27 September 1942) is an English politician and university administrator.
Early life
Her father, Geoffrey Vaughan Blackstone, CBE, GM, was the Chief Fire Officer for Hertfordshire and her mother, Joanna Vosper, was an actress and model for the House of Worth in Paris. She was educated at Ware Grammar School for Girls and the London School of Economics, where she gained a doctorate. Her doctoral thesis titled "The provision of pre-school education: A study of the influences on the development of nursery education in Britain from 1900–1965", and was submitted in 1969.
Career
Her academic career began at the former Enfield College (now Middlesex University) before she went on to become a lecturer at the LSE and Professor of Educational Administration at the University of London Institute of Education.
Blackstone was Deputy Education Officer of the Inner London Education Authority (1983–1986). She has also worked as a policy adviser in the Cabinet Office. As a member of Jim Callaghan's Downing Street thinktank, she upset the Foreign Office by criticizing diplomats' lavish lifestyles.
She headed Birkbeck College, University of London, for a decade as Master (from 1987 to 1997) until her appointment to the new Labour government in 1997. She has also held research fellowships at the Centre for Studies in Public Policy and the Policy Studies Institute. In 2004, Blackstone became Vice-Chancellor of the University of Greenwich, holding this position up to 2011.
She has served as chairman of the ballet board of the Royal Opera House, the Fabian Society, and the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), and has sat on the governing bodies of numerous other organisations. She has been on the Board of Trustees of The Architecture Foundation. She is currently Chairman of the British Library and Chairman of Great Ormond Street hospital. She is currently the patron of Hamlin Fistula UK, a charity whose aim is to raise funds and awareness to support the Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital.
Politics
She is a Labour life peer and sits in the House of Lords, having been created Baroness Blackstone, of Stoke Newington in Greater London, on 18 March 1987. Originally on the Opposition front bench in House of Lords, Blackstone held a succession of portfolios during her time at Birkbeck.
Self-described as 'vintage' rather than old or new Labour, Blackstone was Minister for Education at the Department of Education from 1997 to 2001 then Minister for the Arts at the Department of Culture, Media and Sport 2001–2003. While in her position here she attended The European Higher Education Area Ministerial Conferences and was a member of the European Ministers of Education that signed The Bologna Declaration of 19 June 1999.
On 15 September 2010, Blackstone, along with 54 other public figures, signed an open letter published in The Guardian, stating their opposition to Pope Benedict XVI's state visit to the UK.
Current activities
She is a Patron of Humanists UK and chairs the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) trust. She is an honorary associate of the National Secular Society. In 2009, she became the Chair at Great Ormond Street Hospital, and later in 2010, she became Chair at British Library, a 4-year term. In September 2012, she joined the board of the Orbit Group housing association as its future Chair. In January 2013, she became co-Chair at the Franco-British Council together with Christian de Boissieu, an organisation which looks to promote better understanding between Britain and France and to contribute to the development of joint action. She is the Chair to the British Section of the Council. She became the Chair of the Bar Standards Board in January 2018.
Publications
Her publications, which mainly cover education and social policy issues, include:
Disadvantage and Education with Jo Mortimore (Heinemann, 1982)
Race Relations in Britain with Bhikhu Parekh and Peter Saunders (Routledge, 1997)
References
External links
Vice-Chancellor – Baroness Blackstone at University of Greenwich
Donald MacLeod, The Guardian, 12 July 2005, "Tessa Blackstone: Naval gazing"
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Alumni of Middlesex University
British humanists
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Blackstone, Tessa Blackstone, Baroness
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Academics of the UCL Institute of Education
Masters of Birkbeck, University of London
People associated with the University of Greenwich
1942 births
Living people
Honorary Fellows of the London School of Economics
Chairs of the Fabian Society
Place of birth missing (living people)
Radhika Vemula is an Indian activist for Dalit rights and against caste based discrimination.
She continues the work started by her son, Rohith Vemula (leader of Ambedkar Students' Association), who committed suicide in the University of Hyderabad in 2016 - an incident which sparked outrage across India and gained widespread media attention as a case of Dalit discrimination in Indian universities. During the protest at the University of Hyderabad, police had arrested Radhika Vemula and other students on the first death anniversary of her son. She is seeking to end caste discrimination in universities and other higher education institutions.
Family
Radhika Vemula mothered three children, her older son Rohith, a younger son Raja, and her daughter Nileema.
Conversion to Buddhism
On 14 April 2016, on the 125th Ambedkar Jayanti, Radhika Vemula, and her son Raja converted to Buddhism in Mumbai, Maharashtra. Prakash Ambedkar, grandson of Babasaheb Ambedkar, initiated the family of Rohit to Buddhism at Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Bhavan in Dadar, Mumbai.
References
Living people
Indian women's rights activists
Ambedkarites
Indian Buddhists
21st-century Buddhists
Converts to Buddhism from Hinduism
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dalit women
Dalit rights activists
Activists from Andhra Pradesh
Jose Almir Barros Neto, known as Almir is Brazilian Footballer who currently plays for Negeri Sembilan.
External links
Player Profile
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Americano Futebol Clube players
Campinense Clube players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Gyeongnam FC players
Goyang Zaicro FC players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Gangwon FC players
K League 2 players
K League 1 players
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Ceará
Herb Henson (May 17, 1925 – November 26, 1963), known as Cousin Herb, was an American country music performer and television host on KERO-TV, channel 10 (now 23) in Bakersfield, California. He is the first cousin once removed of musician Jeff Tweedy.
Despite releasing only a small clutch of recordings, Cousin Herb Henson was a pivotal figure in the development of country music's Bakersfield sound—his weekday television variety program, The Trading Post, was a showcase for acts including Buck Owens, Spade Cooley and Merle Haggard, the latter dubbing Henson "the Ralph Emery of Bakersfield."
Biography
Born in East St. Louis, Illinois on May 17, 1925, Henson was a self-taught pianist and sometimes comedian who arrived in California via Union Pacific railcar sometime in the mid-1940s. After picking cotton in the fields of the San Joaquin Valley, he landed a job making door-to-door laundry pickups for a company operating out of the Fresno area.
Bandleader Bill Woods convinced Henson to relocate to Bakersfield in 1946, where he worked at local radio station KERO and occasionally performed at area honky tonks such as the now-legendary Clover Club and the Blackboard. In mid-1953, KERO-TV offered him his own weekday broadcast, and The Cousin Herb Henson Trading Post TV Show premiered in September, appearing each afternoon from 5:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m.
Originally co-starring Woods, Billy Mize, and members of the Clover Club house band (including Buck Owens' estranged wife Bonnie), the program's cast would later boast such ace musicians as Roy Nichols, and Dallas Frazier, and its guest stars included Gene Autry, Bob Wills, Johnny Cash, Tex Ritter, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Merle Travis, and Lefty Frizzell.
During the program's run, Henson recorded for labels including Tally, Shasta, and Decca, producing his strongest material for Capitol, most notably a 1953 reading of Arlie Duff's "Y'All Come" that became his theme song. Many of his other singles were novelty efforts – e.g., "Hootchy Kootchy Henry", "Board of Education", and "Space Command" – and none troubled the charts. When Bakersfield radio station KIKK appointed Henson station manager in 1960, he changed its call letters to KUZZ in honor of his own stage moniker. Around this same time, he suffered a heart attack but continued both his television and radio duties as well as his nightclub appearances.
On September 12, 1963, some two dozen country stars (among them Tommy Collins and Roy Clark) descended upon the Bakersfield Civic Center to celebrate The Trading Post′s tenth anniversary; just two months later, on November 26, Henson suffered another massive heart attack, dying at the age of 38.
References
External links
American television personalities
Abbott Records artists
1963 deaths
1925 births
The 2022 Rhode Island Rams football team represents the University of Rhode Island as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Rams, led by ninth-year head coach Jim Fleming, play their home games at Meade Stadium.
Previous season
The Rams finished the 2021 season 7–4, 4–4 in CAA play to finish in a 5-way tie for fourth place.
Schedule
Game summaries
at Stony Brook
at Bryant
No. 9 Delaware
at No. 24 (FBS) Pittsburgh
Brown
Elon
at Monmouth
at William & Mary
Maine
at New Hampshire
Albany
References
Rhode Island
Rhode Island Rams football seasons
Rhode Island Rams football
Binbaşar is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Tennants is an auction house based at Leyburn in North Yorkshire, England. It claims to be the largest family-owned fine art auctioneers in the United Kingdom. The firm holds some 80 auctions a year and attracts buyers and sellers from around the world. It has twenty-seven specialist departments. Tennants premises include the Garden Rooms, a multi-purpose events and concert venue with a capacity for 640 people.
History
The firm originated in Middleham, near Leyburn, where Edmund Tennant (born 1876) was a stonemason, grocer and agricultural merchant. His son Edmund expanded the business into auctioneering. The younger Edmund's sons John and Rodney also became auctioneers, and in 1971 John established himself at Leyburn. By 1988 the business focussed solely on fine art and antiques. In 1993 the current salerooms were opened at Leyburn, and the Garden Rooms were added in 2014.
In 2012 Tennants sold a rare Chinese vase for £2.6 million, a record price at the time.
References
External links
Official site
British auction houses
Companies based in Richmondshire
Music venues in North Yorkshire
Leyburn
Joaquín Xaudaró y Echau (August 17, 1872 – April 1, 1933) was a Spanish cartoonist, illustrator, and caricaturist. His humorous depictions of the new technologies of his time –he published a volume of cartoons called The Perils of Flight (Les péripéties de l'aviation, Garnier Frères, Paris, 1911)- serve as an important link between the worlds of nineteenth-century illustration and twentieth-century cartooning. Xaudaró's observations on contemporary culture and technology, as well as his gentle but insightful sense of humor, are apparent in such cartoons as "El telégrafo sin hilos," "Un retrato futurista," "El auto que pasa," "Despertar en Biarritz," "El leopardo inglés en Spyon-Kop." In another work, Chamberlain seems to receive a "punch" from Kruger, which alludes to the atrocious "Jameson Raid".
Born in Vigan in the Philippines (at the time still a Spanish possession), Xaudaró's family, of Aragonese origin, settled in Barcelona in 1883. Xaudaró was educated in Paris and London. He began his career drawing for Madrid Cómico, La Saeta, Gedeón, and Barcelona Cómica, a Barcelona-based humor magazine of the 1890s, occasionally utilizing the pseudonym J. O'Raduax ("Xaudaró" spelled backwards). Between 1907 and 1914, he also drew for the Paris-based periodical Le Rire.
Xaudaró subsequently worked for the Madrid-based periodicals Blanco y Negro and ABC. His daily vignettes for ABC brought him fame, with each one containing a trademark little dog that soon became known as "el perrito de Xaudaró."
His book illustrations include those commissioned by the Paris publisher Ollendorff (Les conteurs joyeux), and famously, those utilized for Juan Pérez Zúñiga's Los viajes morrocotudos ("The Fantastic Voyages"). Xaudaró's works of collected cartoons include Los Sports, an album of sports-related vignettes published by Editorial Luis Tasso in the 1920s and Xaudaró: Tomos de Chistes (ca. 1932), a collection of his work that had been published in Blanco y Negro at the end of the nineteenth century.
Xaudaró also did scenographical work for a production of Madame Butterfly. At the end of his life, he founded, with Antonio Got and K-Hito, the Sociedad Española de Dibujos Animados (SEDA) in 1932. He collaborated on an animated film with K-Hito. Xaudaró died in Madrid.
References
External links
About Xaudaró on Lambiek.net
Diccionario de Humoristas: Xaudaró
"The Perils of Flight"
1872 births
1933 deaths
People from Vigan
Spanish comics artists
Spanish illustrators
Spanish animators
Spanish cartoonists
Spanish caricaturists
Sójkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Sójkówek is a small village situated between Sadowne and Brok (road 50).
Located upon Kanał Kacapski (aka "Struga"), meliorative canal, build by Soviet soldiers captured during the 1920 Polish-Soviet war.
Also close to the Bug river - the second longest Polish river.
The nearest train station is Sadowne Węgrowskie - approximately 5 km from Sójkowek.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
